{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:58:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 129614, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122745-witness-10780-united-states-encounter-uaps-space-intel-officer-confess.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdc5bac0f1efd7c0071f269cde74842d23727bdd8af4a22628eb5ed750851faa"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1275, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Subject:
Date:
To:
Not sure if you will get this whole trail of emails.
The last one has a bunch of sightings in Denver area and Ft. Huachuca.
Might be useful if someone else has more information from about the
same time/place.
------- Forwarded message --
From: NT
Date: Wed, Aug 2, 2023 at 12:53 PM
Subject: Re: Former Military Intelligence Soldiers Encounter UAPs, Space
Intel Officer Confesses at AFIO meeting
To: witnesses SD <
m>
The contractor was a friend of a girlfriend. Her name was D
and she was in SIGINT with TS/SCI clearance. The contractor was her
friend's boyfriend at the time. I don't recall anything more than that.
Sorry.
The former pilot was a man we all called "Major". He drove a taxi in his
retirement and I was a dispatcher. My father was the company CEO and
had a long friendship with Major. Some very official types from NORAD
actually came to the taxi company to retrieve him one day and take him
back down to The Mountain. He told me later what the reason was. He
said a lot more than he should have to me because he knew that I had
served and held a clearance, so he felt safe talking. The way that the
black triangles came up was that there had been a sonic boom over North
Denver that had made the news. The papers called the Air Force

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1531, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
whose spokesperson claimed to know nothing about it. Major and I had
been talking a few days after that about how frustrating it is that what we
read in the paper is so often blatantly dishonest when it comes to things
that we knew first hand and the sonic boom came up, which allowed him
to segway into a program he worked on that he called "Phoenix" which
involved supersonic aircraft and black triangles. My father has also
forgotten his name, but I must know somebody that will remember Major's
real name.
The space intelligence officer at AFIO has almost surely spoken out by
now. He has probably contacted you guys as well as AARO and Congress.
The specifics of the sightings are as follows:
Approx November 1999 - April 2000: Fort Huachuca, Arizona, U.S. Army
Intelligence Center and School. Numerous "seed" shaped craft extremely
high up in the sky every morning. They could only be seen right as the
sun was rising when the. In the desert it is black in the West, and light in
the East just before sunrise. As the objects would fly between the light
and dark portions of the sky they would reflect sunlight right when they
reached the inbetween part of the sky where it went from dark to light, or
light to dark. They were invisible in the sunlight, and invisible in the
darkness. Dozens of us watched them every morning for months during
P.T. Sightings would last until full sunrise when we could not see them
anymore, so roughly 30 minutes or so, daily.
Approx September 1999 - Fort Huachuca, Arizona. Around 12:30pm. I

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1495, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
watched the early predator drone tests and training. As my eyes followed
a drone through its maneuvers overhead I saw a mostly clear sphere very
high above it. It never moved and hovered silently. It lasted
approximately 15 minutes and was still there when I reached my
destination and went inside.
January 1 2000 - Denver, CO. Coltax and Ogden. Approx 2am. While
standing at the stage door of the Ogden Theater another M.I. soldier and I
observed a formation of white dots around a dull metallic T shaped object
drift in from behind the treeline to the South then hover back in the
direction that the formation came from. They appeared to be low enough
to reflect they city lights, so maybe 700 feet or so? There were 6-12 other
people with us. This lasted around 7 minutes, maybe more.
Approx February 2000 - Fort Huachuca, Arizona. Around 11:30 - 2:00 pm
during a 15 minute break between classes outside of the CI Agent school.
Around 30 of us watched a nearby amorphous folding blob like object
wave/float from somewhere near the parking lot and into the sky. This
lasted around three minutes.
My rank at the time of those sightings was Private First Class. My job title
was Counterintelligence Special Agent.
Approx February 2001 - Black triangle silently and at very high speeds
flew towards us (myself and another recently discharged Military
Intelligence soldier) from the East as we stood on the West bank of the
Cherry Creek Reservoir. It came directly towards and within 300-500 feet

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1698, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of us and performed maneuvers over the lake making immediate 180
degree turns. There was no cockpit, no tins, no lines, no visible
propulsion, and no sound. It flipped so the the points of the triangle were
pointing up and down, instead of to the sides, in mid-180 turn then flew
off to the East where it slowed almost to a stop then and landed in this
manner behind a line of trees at a very abrupt 45 degree angle. I looked at
a map and it landed very close to, if not on, Buckley Airforce (now
spaceforce) Base. From start to finish, the entire sighing was probably
just under five minutes.
Approx April 2007 - Sheridan Boulevard on the Denver/Lakewood border
near Colfax. Former Military Intelligence Soldier and I watched a white
reverse crescent shaped object that would go very fast, hover, rotate then
dart off in a different direction and repeat the behavior. We saw a
commercial airliner fly between it and us, so estimated that it was at least
30,000 feet if not more. We sat and watched it on the side of the road
through the open sunroof for at least 30 minutes, if not more, before we
had to leave and do other things.
Since then I have served as an Infrastructure Liaison Officer through the
FBl's Infragard, served as a Flotilla Vice Commander with the U.S. Coast
Guard Auxiliary, and currently serve on my city's Americans With
Disabilities Act Advisory Council. I am the elected precinct committeeman
for my precinct in my city, a legal studies major at American Military
University, deputy chief of security for my synagogue, a state certified
firearm instructor, and an Emmy winning, Grammy balloted recording
artist, and serve on several committees and board with my state bar

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1368, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
association. I have no history of delusions, psychosis, hallucinations, drug
abuse, or any criminal history.
Thanks again for all that you do!
On Thu, Jun 15, 2023 at 2:31 PM witnesses SD
> wrote:
Thank you so much for reaching out, Mr.
By any chance would you know the names of the contractor and the
retired AF pilot who acknowledged "those were ours".
Over what time spam did these sightings happen?
What was your rank and job at the time?
Thanks so much
On Wed, Jun 14, 2023 at 7:25 PM N T
I was enlisted in the United States Army as a Counterintelligence Special Agent and
cross trained as a Korean linguist and interrogator. I held a Top Secret/SCI clearance. I
have personally witnessed UAPs while in the military, at the intelligence school, and later as
a civilian. Most of these sightings involved multiple witnesses who were also in the
intelligence community and who also had Top Secret/SCI clearances.
I went through the Cl Agent course twice because I did not pass report writing the first
time. The first time through, a few of our instructors did touch on UAPs and UFOs very
delicately. We were told during an unclassified class that the investigation of unknown flying,
or landed, objects as it relates to Army facilities and operations were under our jurisdiction,
as was "human experimentation". We were even given little paper cards that were also

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2831, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unclassified which stated the regulation that gave us this authority and we were told to carry
it with us. These topics were not further elaborated on, and the second time through the
course it was not part of the curriculum. No cards, no statutes, not even a mention of it.
There were also some classified briefings that we received when I went through the course
the first time that were omitted from the curriculum the second time.
While stationed at Fort Huachuca in 1999-2000 UAPs were commonplace. Every soldier
had stories about lights in the sky that moved in impossible ways and made no sound. A
girlfriend of mine described a red saucer hovering as she walked to work in the early hours
of the morning. A soldier friend told me about the zipping green light he watched fly quickly
and make instant right angles through the sky while leaving a trail. Another time, we were all
outside at the food truck and watched what appeared to be a white sheet of unknown
material fold itself inside and out as it crossed the sky. Sort of like a jellyfish. It was not a
plastic bag, or a sheet. Whatever it was moved on a clear course and the motion was
repetitive, not at all like something moving in the wind.
At night one time around 15 of us were in formation on the quad. Nobody else was
around. As we stood in formation an enormous object flew within 100 or so feet of us. It had
one single red light on the bottom and made no sound. It drifted over us then changed
direction and drifted away at a different angle. It was so black that I couldn't really see what
it was, but | got the impression that it was rectangular. Some of the soldiers were pretty
taken aback, but most of the others just shrugged it off since these sorts of things were
pretty common. I hear later that Fort Huachuca has a massive underground testing facility
beneath it where aircraft are flown in tests. A cab driver in town once explained about how
special forces train in the caves near there, and when friends and I would be out in the
desert we would see cars drive up into the hills on Federal property then vanish. Sometimes
cars would just appear on the side of the mountain and drive back down. It seemed to me
as though they were entering and exiting through an entrance that we couldn't see.
Several of us watched as large red and white lights hovered in the North for hours one
night, and nearly every morning anyone could see the rising sun reflecting off of dozens of
seed-like silver objects very high in the sky. The reflection would go away once the objects
entered the still dark part of the sky and become invisible to us, but once they were in the
sunlit part of the sky you could make them out very clearly. This went on for months. One
day, I was walking to the intelligence school from the barracks in the middle of the day while

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2456, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
watching the early AV tests. I saw an opaque sphere hovering above the flight path of the
predator drone. It took me about 30 minutes to cross the desert fields and the sphere never
moved.
One night, while on a hilltop with another girlfriend, we met up with some of her friends.
We looked at the blimp that watched over the base, and the girl made a comment that she
shouldn't have regarding something classified. Her friend became nervous because I was in
training as a Cl Agent and she was afraid that I would report her. I started telling her about
the UFO/UAPs that I had seen. The man who was with her was a military contractor and
also held a Top Secret Clearance. He piped in and said "Was it a triangle with a white light
on each point? Those are ours. I work on those." Years later, a friend of my fathers and I
were talking. He was a retired air force pilot. He also mentioned this type of aircraft and
said that it was "ours"
While I was home on leave in 1999 | visited my parents in Denver, Colorado. They lived
right next door to the only government building left on Lowry Air Force Base. That building
allegedly only housed the local DFAS service, but had exceptional security all around it,
including a golf cart attached to many large cables with a very obvious tube device aimed at
the apartment complex driveway that ran adjacent to the barbed wire fence that surrounded
the building. I knew a friend who worked there who told me that it was a one story building,
but had elevators that nobody was allowed to use.
One night I was in the basement of my parents' townhome and my mother said, "Do you
hear that?! It's a train!" She put her hands on the wall and felt the vibrations. It sounded
similar to being in a building that was next to a subway line, but it went on for much longer.
We heard that sound several other times, usually the day before Dick Cheney was set to
arrive in Denver.
Another time that I was home on leave, a girlfriend who was also in Military Intelligence
and who held a Top Secret/SCI clearance and I went to a concert in downtown Denver. After
the concert we willed around the stage door waiting to meet the band. I looked up in the sky
as something very strange crossed above the treeline. Several white/silver spherical lights
started to move into view much lower than an aircraft would normally fly. As they continued
to come in from the South it became clear that there were more of them and that they had

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
been traveling in a circle formation. In the center was a dull metallic T shaped object. I
pointed it out to the people around us and we all watched as it all came fully into view, then
all flew/floated back in the direction it came from as a unit, without any of the objects rotating
or shifting. The formation made no sound.
It was shortly after that, while sleeping in the barracks at Fort Huachuca, that I had some
nocturnal experience that I choked up to dreams, but that left me terrified and felt as real as
sitting here typing does now. In one of them I came to laying on a hospital exam chair/table.
I was wearing a white cloth similar to a hospital gown. I sat up and looked around. I saw my
father cowering in the corner. He was also wearing a white cloth, but he was dazed and
couldn't speak or move. He cowered in a corner like an injured and terrified dog and looked
drugged. I went to the window and looked outside. I could see two other saucers tethered
to the ground by white tower-like structures and assumed that I was in something similar. In
the near-distance I could see the blimp that hovered over the post 24/7 and its flashing
lights. I could tell from its position that we were nestled in a valley on post in the Huachuca
mountains.
The room we were in was high off of the ground. I saw a light bulb headed short person
with large oval black eyes walking towards our structure/craft. It was carrying a thick rod that
was 14-24 inches. I started shouting at it, taunting it. I told it that it can't do this to people
and to get its ass up there so I could beat it up. It stopped, looked at me, pointed the rod at
me, then I lost consciousness and woke up in my bed, paralyzed and terrified.
I had two other night time experiences similar to this. In one, I came to awareness in a
white room with fake plants. This time, the bulb headed, big eyed creature was very tall,
maybe seven or eight feet. As I started to gain awareness of my surroundings, I started
yelling at it. I told it that it couldn't do this to people and what it was doing was wrong and
that I wasn't going anywhere anymore. It left the room through a door in the wall then
returned after a very short time with a short bulb-headed person who talked to me without
moving its mouth. As it tried to calm me down I lost consciousness again then awoke in bed,
paralyzed and terrified.
In the last one, I was brought to awareness by a short bulb-headed person in a similar
large, white domed room. This room had a fake Bavarian village built inside of it with a

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 2783, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cobblestone walkway. It walked me into an empty restaurant/tavern type of building. There
was nobody there but us and it was silent. It showed me a document and without moving its
mouth, explained to me that I was about to go and see some very important people in the
next room of the building or craft that we were in, which was next door to the room with the
fake Bavarian village. It talked to me about what I was supposed to say. We wore cape-like
things over our clothes that had cords with castles on them like the Army Corps of
Engineers. We got up to go into the place where I was supposed to be interviewed by the
important people and don't remember anything else.
I was discharged under honorable circumstances several months after that. Several
months after discharge, I was at Cherry Creek State Park in Denver at the boating Marina
with a girlfriend who had been in Military Intelligence and held a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
It was winter, so the marina was closed, and it was the middle of the week during the middle
of the day, so nobody else was there. A black triangle zipped in from the East as we faced
the East. It made no noise at all and had no discernable lines, propulsion, or cockpit. It
came right over the lake, directly above us, made a fast and impossible 180 degree turn
almost directly above us, and as it did so it went from flat to flying with one point up and one
point down. After it reached where we were it zipped very quickly back to the East then
made a rapid 45 degree descent behind trees far off in the distance. I looked at a map, and
it went down right where Buckley Air Force (now Space Force) base is.
The GF and I saw another UAP together later around 2007 on the West Denver/
Lakewood border. We had stopped to talk and opened the sunroof. As I looked up, I saw
something very, very high up in the sky and pointed it out to her. It was a white crescent, but
when it flew, the points of the crescent were facing in the direction of travel. It would zip in
one direction, immediately turn 45 to 90 degrees then zip in the new direction, and repeat
this behavior. As we watched, a commercial aircraft high up in the sky passed below it. It
stayed there making these maneuvers for as long as we did.
There were a couple of other sightings over the later years, but nothing as dramatic as
these. I started to attend meetings in Los Angeles for the Association of Former Intelligence
Officers, and at one meeting befriended a man who was one of three senior space
intelligence officers. He told me privately one day "There were only three of us who did what
I did. I don't care what they do to me anymore. I'm retired, and I'm sick of all of the lies.
There are some really weird things up there, and they aren't ours. They aren't human and

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1040, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we are not alone."
I don't know if any of this helps, but there it is. Thank you all for your hard work and for
being so kind to our fellow servicemen and women. They don't deserve to be treated the
way that they have been, and neither does the general public. There is nothing to gain in
2023 by holding onto the secrets of the 20th century. Our societies are decaying rapidly.
Without betraying anyone, and without saying anything classified, it has been made clear to
me from what I have seen first hand, and heard directly from people who would know, that
the technology to change human life on Earth (and perhaps beyond) for the better is out
there and has been out there for some time. It exists in an accessible and reproducible
manner that can benefit all creatures that occupy this planet with us. It needs to be shared.
I greatly fear that if it is not soon made available that the further degradation of our social
fabric will be irreversible and hostile to us all.
Warm regards and best wishes for the success of your projects,
