{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:22:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 821923, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122711-shannon-lee-15.pdf", "source_sha256": "bc6f67373c222e67b0ba7449ce16f7be75e4590b7dd0695ec332598b6d51d16d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 927, "chars": 5255, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
XXXX
Monday, November 26, 2018 5:21 PM
My final report on Craft recovery near Guam
On this particular day back in 2002 I was stationed aboard the USCGC Sassafras, which was a 180 foot Buoy Tender
whose home port was the ComNavMar Naval Station on the Island of Guam. I recall that we had been stuck in port for
the previous couple of weeks prior due to the fact that we constantly had trouble with equipment breaking and at least one
of our ship's two generators always seemed to have something wrong at any given time and the Cutter wasnt considered
fit for Sea Service unless both of the generators were fully working and able to operate at full capacity. This was a
common problem that seemed to always plague us as we had so many different trips to various local Islands in
Micronesia that we had to cancel during my tour of duty there due to the fact that we constantly had equipment breaking
down. The boat was just so old and outdated and was very close to finally being decommisioned the following year and
replaced by the USC Sequia which was a newer class of 225 ft Buoy Tenders that ended up replacing all of the older
class of 180 ft Buoy Tenders. I bring up these specific details to lead up to the fact that I recall we always had a monthly
quota we had to meet of doing a certain number of drills, i.e. fire drills, man overboard drills, General Quarters (Which
meant man your battle stations) and regular SAR training (Search and Rescue.) The particular day of this incident was an
extremely busy and stressful day for all of the crew because none of us enjoyed these long days of going underway and
just doing constant drills for hours upon hours and getting knocked around by the harsh sea conditions and rough waters
we always seemed to encounter as soon as we left the harbor. There was a whole lot of yelling and screaming and of
course it was very physically demanding having to deal with the extremely heavy fire hoses and of course the fact that we
had two teams of people assigned to work with the Gunner's Mates in quickly retrieving our ship's main two weapons
which were two mounted 50 Caliber Machine Guns which we would mount on the bow of the ship. We had one gun for
port side and the other was on the starboard side directly opposite each other and everything had to be carried up the
ladders and hoisted by hand with ropes as we didnt have hydraulic lifts to help with such tasks like most more modern
ships would.
On the particular day I'm writing about, I recall we started off with our usual routine of doing Morning Muster at
approximately 0715 and we had set sailing orders for around 0800 and we already knew well ahead of time that it was
going to e a very long and stressful day and we knew it had been a while since we were fit to go to sea so we knew what
we were in for. A long afternoon full of drills and training. These were definetely the most stressful of days and 1 believe
everyone dreaded setting sail for these day trips just for the purpose of doing drills cause we could count on being yelled
and screamed at and constantly having to rush everywhere and follow certain set procedures and I'm going to skip to later
on in the afternoon, after we had just conducted what was supposed to be our last drill for the day, it was a General
Quarters drill and we had just stood down and disassembled the 50 Cals and stowed them back in the ship's Armory and I
believe they were working on charting our exact course back to Apra Harbor.
This was late afternoon but it was still full daylight out and I'm wanting to guess we couldnt have been more than 20
miles off shore. I recall that we would normally head due South whenever we would go underway for purposes of doing
drills and training. The water seemed to have calmed down a bit and wasnt quite as choppy as it was when our day had
first started and I recall that there was really good visibility and at the time this next sequence of events unfolded, there
was only one visible contact that I remember seeing which was probably about a mile or so in the distance. I would soon
discover that contact that was observed turned out to be a Taiwanese fishing vessel of some kind and this is where life as
I know it changed...
All i know is apparently our Captain, LCDR Corson was was the acting OOD (Officer of the Deck) said that he
personally took a call on the radio from a Marine Helicopter that did appear shortly afterwards and all of a sudden we went
from getting ready to head back to shore to yet, another alarm sounding. This time it was another General Quarters, only
this time specifically stands out in my mind because it was the one and only time in my career that I heard the words "This
is not a drill, I repeat, this is not a drill!" piped over the intercom right after the initial alarm sounded. So back to our battle
stations we went and awaited further instruction.
At the time of this incident, I was a E-3 (Fireman) and | worked in the Auxillary Engineering unit (also known as A
Gang.) There were two different teams of us who worked in the Engineering Department, we had Main Prop and A
Gang. Main Prop was responsible for all maintenance, repairs and upkeep of the ship's two Main Detroit Diesel Engines
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1184, "chars": 6732, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
as well as the two Diesel Generators that supplied all of our ship's power when we weren't plugged into the shore
station. And my team in A Gang was responsible for everything else from the Reverse Osmosis Water Purification
system, the ships reefers and refrigeration, sewage, and of course the ship's large Boom which we normally used to lift
extremely heavy Buoys out of the water, as well as section by section we would lift the huge chain that was attached at
the bottom to a huge concrete block which acts as the anchor that holds each buoy in place. Whenever we used the
boom, we had a third Diesel generator that we would run specifically for the purpose of powering the large boom. That
third, smaller generator was also the ship's emergency backup power souce but was only capable of powering the ship's
reefers and refrigeration units as well as the large hydraulic rudder in the AFT section. Of course during heavy winds and
Typhoons and rough seas these buoys often get knocked around and out of alignment so thats where our ship's boom
came into play, we were responsible for the maintenance and upkeeps of all of the island's buoys and Channel markers
as well as alot of the other local Islands of Micronesia like Saipan, Yap, Tinian, Rota, and Kwajelan Atoll.
Our CO received a call over the radio about what was believed to be some kind of unknown enemy vehicle or weapon
that was in very close proximity to our location at the time so thats why we were dispatched and were first to arrive on the
scene of what happened next. The last thing I remember is being out on the ship's main deck and chilling out and
smoking a cigarette talking with a buddy. Thats when the final alarm sounded which turned out to be the real thing and
not a drill, so as per my job at that time, I preceded to the Engine Room as was my designated assignment for GQ
situations. Because of the loud noise from all of the engines and different machinery we all had to wear giant noise
cancelling headsets with micophones to keep in constant contact with each other and with the Bridge. During General
Quarters my main job was to simply head to the Engine room and await further instruction.
I remember during the first few minutes of going to my assigned area in the Engine room it became apparent that two
of our headsets were not working properly and we ended up having absolutely no communication with the
bridge. Therefore I was chosen to be the messenger running back and forth between Engine room and Bridge. Although
as soon as I left the egine room and went up on the Bridge, I remained there for probably a good 10 minutes or so as we
were steering closer and closer to the fishing vessel that I had spotted minutes before and I could see there was alot of
commotion on their decks and I got a first very clear glimpse of a faily large metallic looking object that appeared to be
tangled in their fishing net and I think I momentarily blacked out as I was so stunned by what we were witnessing in the
water as was everyone else on the Bridge. In fact I was so transfixed on the object that was within probably 150 yards of
us that I wasnt paying attention to anything that was being said around me. Although I remember hearing the order to
stand down from General Quarters and for everyone to quickly get inside the ship and that absolutely nobody was to go
outside for any reason whatsoever until we received further intructions. And I remember them quickly assembling a few
officers that were part of our boarding team and we were to launch one of our two small boats to get a closer look at this
object and what was going on. I was told by one of the Officers on the bridge to relay this information to the Engine Room
and I immediately reported back to Chief Falcone. He was in charge of A Gang and was also the EOD (Engineer of the
Deck) on that particular day. He was of course completely dumbfounded and I was near hysterical in trying to explain to
him what i had just witnessed while on the Bridge and that no matter what, everyone was supposed to stay inside and not
go out on the decks for any reason. No smoking, no fresh air, nada. Thats the only time in my career in the Coast Guard
I had ever heard of the entire crew being ordered to stay inside except in the rare cases of extremly rough seas during
powerful storms. I then remember one of our other officers, LTJG Jarnett appearing wearing his boarding gear and
strapped with our standard issue 9 mm pistol. He asked my Chief for a Geigometer (To check for radiation) and my Chief
ran off with him for a couple minutes and apparently retrieved it and then I witnessed him and about 3 other officers in full
boarding gear leave to go topside, obviously to one of our small boats. About this time we sat down for a minute in the
ship's mess hall and noticed a junior Officer, Ensign Pequinot (Not sure if I spelled that correctly) covering all of the
portholes and windows with carboard and masking tape, which he then ran out of and switched to using Duct tape to
completely cover each and every porthole and block everyone's view of what was going on outside.
happening I remember seeing the Orange color of the ship's RHIB (Rigid Hull Inflatable) small boat with about 4 people on
board, so they had quickly already lowered and deployed that in a matter of minutes and it was total chaos amongst my
fellow shipmates as we were all confused and most people started getting very angry and frustrated for the lack of
information and all of the secrecy that even our most trusted, top notch Chiefs and Engineers were being kept completely
in the dark. The Officer covering all of windows kept getting questions asked and he just kept replying "Sorry, Captains
orders, I dont know anymore than you guys do," or something along those lines. By that time, word of the strange metallic
object in the water had already gotten out and spread like wildfire as during that General Quarters alarm, there were quite
a few crew members whose jobs were to be with the gunners up on the front Bow of the ship and they all at least got to
catch a glimpse of the metallic object next to the fishing vessel. Although at that point in time, none of us had really gotten
a good enough look at it to be able to tell its exact shape or dimensions, just that it was something rather large, metallic
looking and very out of place!
I'm a little fuzzy on the exact order and sequence of all of the events that follow, but I do remember our chief getting
the order to fire up our Emergency generator (that also was run during buoy tending operations where we used our large
Boom to do heavy lifting.) Shortly after we turned it on, I remember hearing my name and one other crew member, who
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1293, "chars": 7053, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was QM3 (QuarterMaster 3rd class) Belisle to report topside to the bridge. So we both found each other around the mess
hall area and proceeded together to the bridge. We both looked at each other but didnt say a word because the
atmosphere in that ship was like nothing words will ever be able to come close to describing. We were all nervous and
just lost. Upon reaching the bridge, we were immediately greeted by our Captain who we both prompty saluted and were
then told to be at ease. We were then addressed directly by the CO himself which seemed rather unusual, especially
considering what he told us. He said that whatever happens next is to be treated as "above top secret," were his exact
words he used at one point and he said that we were to speak of this to absolutely nobody, including our fellow
shipmates, wives, nor friends, just nobody period and that if any of the crew members insisted or bugged us that we were
refer them directly to him with their questions and many inquiries that were sure to follow. By this time I could see in the
water down below us a pretty large disk shaped metallic object and I saw two of our fellow crew members down on the
RHIB still within about 5 feet of the object and I remember seeing one of our officers on board the Taiwanese fishing
vessel and I noticed alot of what appeared to be arguing and frustrated hand gestures. Their boat was still moving and |
remember frantic calls on the radio, our CO was I believe talking to our Telecommunications Officer in the radio room right
below the bridge to try and get the other vessel to completely stop which for whatever reason, they were not complying. I
believe there was some problems with the language barrier and that nobody on board that vessel spoke English so we
were having to go through a 3rd party I believe for communications because i dont think anybody on board our ship knew
how to speak Mandarin. My perception of time is a bit distorted concerning this series of events but I remember it seemed
to take at least a good 20 minutes or so before we finally got the fishing vessel to come to a complete stop and thats when
me and a few other crew members were told to follow the Captain down to the ship's main Deck and we immediately had
to get the boom ready and were told that whatever this object was, that we had orders to retrieve it and were going to
attempt to lift it out of the water. As soon as I heard this I immediately had my doubts that this was even possible, as it
appeared from above at least that this object was probably extremely heavy and I myself was part of the crew that
routinely had to repair the damn thing almost every single time we used it for buoy tending purposes. It had gotten so
bad, we were at the point where it would constantly leak Hydraulic fluid, and these leaks would get worse every single
time we used it for lifting buoys and we actually used JB Weld for a good bit of our repairs. And thats all that was running
through my mind when the reality of lifting such an enormous object hit me was that this thing was going to break us, 1
mean this object was probably at least a good 20 or 25 feet in a giant circular shape from what I could see at that
point. Yet amazingly, it somehow did show some buoyancy and it did seem to be floating, I dont believe that their fishing
net is what had lifted it to the surface of the water. Yet | still have absolutely no clue how it came to be stuck in their
net. However I'm going to skip to the part where we ended up lifting it up and away from their fishing net. I learned that it
was not in any way tangled up, it was actually really easy to free from the clutches of their net, and we ended up using
these mesh ladders, I recognized them as the ladders we would throw over the side of the deck for us to climb back in the
ship from the water whenever we would do a swim call when we were underway. Because this metallic craft was
completely smooth, it didnt have anywhere on it where we could simply hook it to our boom like we would a buoy and this
was the interesting but most time consuming and difficult part of the retrieval. My actual job during this whole time was to
hold the rope that was attached to the large, steel hook that swung from the end of the main steel cable hanging from the
boom itself. Due to the constant rolling of the ship while underway it was important we always kept that hook secured to
something. Otherwise, it would swing erratically and was very hazardous and a constant danger to anyone standing out
on the deck.
So while the other crew members were working from both the RHIB which was directly across from the metallic craft
and from the Port side of our ship's main deck, 1 just had to stand there and hold the rope securing the dangling hook as
we already had fired up the boom and were awaiting further instructions. I watched very closely as they worked to
maneuver those mesh ladders underneath this large object and it did take a good 25 minutes in total I am guessing before
I was finally told to prepare to hook the load onto our boom. for this, they simply moved the boom over towards the side
of our ship and therefore I was given enough slack to be able to toss the rope over to the guys on the small boat and they
then hauled the hook towards them and were able to somehow tie some kind of enormous and odd looking knot together
so that the mesh ladders were fully secured and seemed to be wrapped around the object in an ideal manner that would
enable us to lift it out of the water. And so that we did. Very slowly of course, and 1 will add that at this time our XO had
assumed control of the bridge and the boom as well (as far as I know cause our CO was outside on the decks down
below near me) The very first thing 1 remember was we had to attempt to lift it directly up and completely out of the water
which as soon as we completely had it out of the water and up into the air, it immediately became apparent that this thing
had to have been at least twice as heavy as anything I had ever seen it lift before (Including the Larger class of Buoys
whose enormous size put them at approximately 18,000 pounds.) Anyways our ship was then listing extremely far
towards port side at at least a 45 degree angle. We had no trouble then slowly swinging the object directly over our
ship's main deck and then we carefully began the process of trying to lower the object to a complete rest on top of the 4
huge concrete blocks we had situated on our main deck to help maintain balance. Depending on our cargo and the
overall ship's weight, we usually either had 3 or 4 of these large concrete blocks for weight and balance purposes and that
was assessed ahead of time before each trip we made underway. On this particular day I recall there was all four of the
blocks and this was actually very convenient for us because this is how we manage to kind of hold the object in place was
to prop it up in a manner that allowed it to actually somehow fit firmly into place and it took a bit of work amongst the
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1153, "chars": 6345, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
whole group of us at one point pushing with all of our weight and everything in our power get it to lower at just the right
spot to try and make it as even and centered as possible for the ride back to the Harbor. But the most interesting part of
this happened the moment we first lowered it we had one end of it slightly resting on the surface of the deck but the rest of
it was still lifted up and this is where we had to actually make physical contact with the object for the first time (as far l
know, it's possible one of the officers on the small boat might have initially touched it at some earlier point.) All I know is
that we were warned that this object was giving off a radioactive signature and we were advised at first not to touch it at all
if possible. Even so, we all had on regular work gloves. I don't exactly know why, but for whatever reason at the time, i
was the first to remove my gloves and I remember touching this object and immediately being scolded by Ensign Ryan for
disobeying orders, however the Captain quickly intervened and told him that it is OK.
What followed then was about three other officers also removed their gloves and we aqll started feeling this object with
our bare hands and just trying to figure out not just what the hell it was, but what exactly was this metal that it was made
from. It was a dull silver color and it was just so perfectly smooth and just perfect in every aspect as far as just how
flawless it seemed to be. At this point, I watched one of the officers pick up a broken piece off one of the concrete blocks
that the object was now resting on and he tried to scratch it against this objects surface and he made the comment that
whatever this material was, that it seemed to be impervious to any scratches or anything! Almost like it was invincible. I
myself noticed him doing all of this so I also ended up picking up a small piece of concrete and I also witnessed this
phenomena for myself. No matter how many times I tried banging the rock against it or scratching it really hard, it still
remained just so perfect and flawless, it was totally scratch resistant! I think we all took about 5-7 minutes of just saying
fuck it and banging on this object and trying to scratch it or find a chink somewhere in its armor because we just wanted to
know what the hell this thing was and especially what it was made of! I remember during these few minutes of us just
playing around with this object that I overheard all kinds of comments the others were making. And then that's when I
heard one of them mention that this metal that the object was made of didn't give off any type of reflection
whatsoever. And another officer agreed with him and that is what seemed to amaze them more than anything else about
it. I was more mesmerized by the fact that this thing was just so perfect and seemed to be just one giant hunk of
inpenetrable armor that was completely resistant to even the tiniest scratch or dent!
I cannot say that I saw with my own eyes the fact that the others were claiming that this object didn't show any type of
reflective properties like a mirror does, but I did certainiy notice that it didn't seem to give off any type of reflection
whatsoever from the bright sunlight at first when we came upon it. We still never were able to agree upon what kind of
metal this object was most likely made of. I can only say for absolute certainty that it was a dull, silverish color and it was
hollow, at least to a certain extent. I remember pounding on it (as did several others) with the side of my fist and it did
give off a very deep thud sound so that showed me that this object wasn't completely solid. Also, there was absolutely no
markings of any kind on it nor were there any types of seams or possible openings like for a door or window. That is what
is still extremely weird to me to this day.
I will say that from my very first few months of being stationed aboard that Coast Guard Cutter, it immediately became
clear that there were a lot of strange UFO sightings that would frequently occur while we were underway. And i can also
say for sure, that myself as well as many of the other crew members had previously witnessed this EXACT same type of
object flying or hovering in the skies above us. But I remember specifically on two separate occasions in the months prior
to this, I witnessed this exact craft (at least as far as the shape and size) zipping around at ridiculously fast speeds but I
definetely saw it had lights eminating from it on two specific sitings, yet once I actually saw this craft we recovered from
the water up close, there certainly werent any visible lights on it and it wasn't making any type of noise either like
machinery running. But the similar disk shaped flying objects I had witnessed on several occasions prior to this recovery
process never made any type of sounds either, but they were also never any closer than say a half a mile away at the
closest either, so that could account for the lack of any engine noises on all of the previous sitings I recall having of this
exact same type of object flying through the beautiful Pacific skies.
So by the time we finally had this object secured in place on the ship's main deck, our next task was to completely
cover it with a bunch of blue tarps that we had an abundance of on board and that was a very tedious and time consuming
process that involved a whole lot of team work and we ended up having to climb around all over this thing, and at one
point, we even had two officers hooked into safety harnesses that were attached to the boom and they were lifted up a
few feet into the air just to be able to help with covering the object with the tarps and firmly tying all of those down into
place. At this point, I began to notice a submerged submarine not even 50 yards away that appeared to just be observing
uS.
Once we had the tarps in place and the object was completely covered from view, that's when we finaliy began
heading back to the pier. We ended up being escorted by what turned out to be a Navy Submarine back into the Harbor
and as soon as we finally were completely moored up and back to base, I noticed what seemed to be a large convoy of a
combination of Air Force and Army personnel and vehicles and large equipment just waiting for us to arrive. We were all

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1506, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
basically granted liberty as soon as we were completely moored up and I remember the frustration amongst the entire
crew for ail of the secrecy and for what turned out to be such a busy and long day that went entirely in a weird direction for
us and we just werent prepared for that. But right before we were released, we all gathered for evening quarters on the
bow of the ship and we were all ordered no matter what, we were definetly NOT to speak of any of the day's incident to
absolutely anybody and that we would all be briefed further in more detail in the coming days to try and get some answers
to everyone. All I know is that we were told that the Air Force personnel were going to take care of the rest of the work
involved as far as transporting this craft off our ship and where they ended up taking it to is anyone's guess unfortunately
as i never heard anything else about that craft ever again.
As far as the 8 of us who were the only ones who were directly involved in the recovery of the object itself, 1 remember
we were all ordered to report to MARSEC the next morning at 0900 (MARSEC was the Coast Guard shore station right by
the pier our ship was moored to.) I have decided to do a separate report regarding my debriefing that following morning,
but it will be a lot shorter than this one. This right here is just the exact account (to the best of my recollection at least) of
my experience of being invoived in the recovery of a Disk shaped metallic object or craft back in 2002.
5
