{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:46:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 274330, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122728-witness-10824-united-states.pdf", "source_sha256": "127cff7b0e0bb701963593fa7e4322c201d673d4d62cae3e17d6fbba71e67200"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RE: Too much for one email...
I think that makes sense.
At some point they might coorborate something someone else says or maybe there would be
someone to track them down.
I think its worth saving.
On Jul 3, 2023, at 1:25 PM,
wrote:
Here's another.
I'm sure I wrote for more details but did not hear back.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 891, "chars": 5063, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is directed to Dr. Steven Greer...
My name is
I was born in Rhode Island. At an early age, I was contacted by sentient beings
who landed in an old field near our home (I was laying in a pine grove watching the unusual sky there by
myself). They left physical evidence. I took my brother there to see it. I played in the fine reddish brown
powder which was left behind and have since had some strange energy in my hands. I saw Light Beings, as I
call them, and was told they would forever be my guardians. They have since saved my life on several
occasions...
My father was a Senior Chief in the Navy who confided in me that he'd been tested for "physic ability". In our
neighborhood, there was another Navy Chief who my father would very privately commiserate with. They had
both worked on The Philadelphia Project and were suffering from undiagnosed PTSD as a result of it. I knew
because every time they'd go for a private walk together to talk, they'd have a shot of Scotch first, no matter
what time of day. They were both very emotional and animated when they'd walk. I'd follow them
occasionally, but they would make me walk exactly 50 paces behind them. They made me count. They had
been "read in" if you will. When the Chief (my Dad) passed away, his buddy told me quietly in our garage
about his experience with The Philadelphia Project and was absolutely shocked to find out that my Dad had
already told me when he felt I was old enough to comprehend. I never saw him again.
My Uncle by marriage had worked for Grumman with VonBraun on the moon project. He was a developer of
the first moon car, the Rover. He may or may not have known Dr. Greer's Uncle as well. We actually played
with the first radio controlled model of the Rover at his home in Long Island before we went to the World's
Fair. I remember it well because my cousin crashed it into the wall by accident, enraging my Uncle! My
Uncle's name was Nicholas Szuchy. You can still read his papers online...
At family gatherings by Tiogue Lake in Coventry, we would all lay on blankets on the old dock and gaze at
objects whizzing around in the sky. My father's brother, Joseph Lane, who worked for Republic at the
SkunkWorks, was on the Stealth bomber project. He was sworn to secrecy and threatened with death but the
only hint I remember him giving Uncle
was, "do you smell a skunk?" My Uncle
had gotten him very
drunk to try to get the truth out of him because Grumman had lost the contract to Republic. I was secretly
watching from the stairs in
house. The truth came out much later.
At a family gathering once at the Lake, my Dad found out that Uncle Nick had worked with VonBraun and he
was informed about Operation Paperclip. He drank himself to sleep that afternoon out of disgust. My Dad
became more and more frustrated about secret projects and grumbled about retirement. At one point, the
clandestine services offered him a position, dangling a LOT of money in his face. My Dad respectfully
declined as they had clandestinely followed and observed my brother and I. He said to me in the hall closet
once, "I'M OUT, KID! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! I've served my country faithfully..." When the Chief passed away
in October of 1999, my Mom and I were standing on the beach at the Lake House on Mohawk Street and a
black, undesignated helicopter came from the direction of the old SAC base to hover around 40 feet over our
heads for a solid 5 minutes. After looking once, I sat in the grass shielding my face in a gesture of "I'm not
buying in". Believe me, it hasn't been the end of the "observation". It doesn't bother me.
I had a neighbor once in Warwick, RI who would give me a ride into the city of Providence for work. He was
doing top secret metallurgy research at Brown University. He let me hold a piece of it once. When I touched
on a nerve about what it was for, he said that if he told me, "he'd have to kill me". He invited me over for
dinner once with some of his colleagues and asked me to repeat what I'd said to him about space ships. They
then had a feverish side discussion about if they should "read me in". They decided against it and the dinner
disbanded swiftly. He never gave me a ride again. I had to take the bus...
My husband works with powdered metal technology engineering geroters and lubrication systems. He's
always been fascinated with discussions of the abovementioned "phenomena", if you will. He worked at
Raytheon on the laser altimeter system. He grew up with Jay Leno so we remain pretty light hearted about
different modes of "transport-tation" ® Once, after a long motorcycle ride, we were dining at On The Border
in Portland, Maine. In walks Billy Gibbons. My healing senses went off. I've also been a massage therapist for
over 34 years. I walked up to the Reverend (Billy) and put my finger gently on a spot in his back. He whipped
around as I slid my card on the table and said, "If you ever need my help, Billy..." He said he'd spent
thousands trying to get rid of a pain he'd had in the exact spot where my finger was and how did I know?! I

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 1935, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
just knew...runs in the family, I guess. S. Not only did the Reverend become my client after it took me all of 3
minutes to get rid of that pain, he married my husband and I onstage. We still have the vows he wrote for us!
We were the 18th couple he's married...! laughed whole heartedly after watching Dr. Greer's story about Billy
getting him a first class seat to visit the secret medical facility. Ask him, if you'd like, about the remote viewing
session I did for him and his wife once...it was fun! I sure could use some of that high tech healing as one of
my Docs has made me some kind of miracle science project...ugh. They say I'm one in a billion. Long story.
Once, while riding our BMW motorcycles from Rochester, NH back up to Portsmouth, I remarked to my
husband, through our helmet comms, "Jesus! What's THAT at 10 o'clock??!!" There in the sky, partially
shrouded and what I recall as "gassing off" was the TR3B! There were 2 smaller ones at 11 o'clock. The next
moring, I had to return something to Lowe's in Rochester. For about 20 miles, there was a police and military
presence, complete with traps, bustling about looking as if they were on high alert. They tried to wave me
over but I nonchalontley waved back and kept going. I was followed for the rest of my ride. This incident
made my husband a true believer. And reaffirmed his conviction when we visited the Nuclear Museum in Las
Vegas only to see something about it there.
I could keep writing things as, being a Hawaiian initiate and confirmed Kupuna, I LOVE TALKING STORY! eg
The final thing I'd like to write in this verbose testimony is that Betty Hill really liked me. She lived about 5
minutes away from us here in Portsmouth and invited me to go make contact with aliens with her....
Thank you, I believe, for the work the Sirius Disclosure Project is doing and for still being a healer (of mankind)
throughout all of this, Dr. Greer...
Respectfully,
