{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T04:09:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1063446, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122722-shannon-lee-5.pdf", "source_sha256": "d94d0e33064d4714703084296398e25629bb1bd300e34493a08a54c5dc2a7338"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 2917, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer <
Wednesday, September 5, 2018 12:51 PM
EXXXX
Fwd: Thanks so much for your encouragement and enlightenment
Ps
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: XXXXe
Date: September 4, 2018 at 8:19:09 PM EDT
To:
<
Subject: Thanks so much for your encouragement and enlightenment
Reply-To: "
Good evening again Dr. Greer, this is X
here in Connecticut and we spoke earlier
about the incident of the disk shaped Craft that I was part of the recovery team of 8 men and I
know for a fact this was actually very close to Halloween of 2002. Now of course, this isn't my
official report or anything as I plan to really take my time and do some serious research into
finding you at least a few names of the other 7 guys that were part of our extraction team or
whatever you call it. Off the top of my head I already at least can give the Name of my ship's
Commanding officer as well as two other lower ranking ranking officers, one was an Ensign and
the other was a LT. JG but all three of those men were part of the recovery team. I just wanted to
real quick give you the basics and the name of the Coast Guard Cutter that I was assigned to and
that ended up retrieving the object and then I just remember as soon as we returned to Port, most
of us were ordered to just go home for the night and it looked like a bunch of Air Force
Personnel in Camo took over and did the rest as far as moving this thing to wherever the heck
these craft go.
But an important name in all of this is our ship's CO at that time, LCDR Corson and he was
the one who stood up and argued during the our BS debriefing and he later made comments to
me that "we all know that ain't no goddamn Navy Craft, we have all witnessed these things fly
and we know that they are far beyond anything our current technology is remotely capable of!" I
remember wanting to just like slightly nudge him or whisper for him to just chill but he was
actually very heated over this and he was the only one of us who said a word or asked any
questions and the higher ups that debriefed us (All I remember is the main one appeared to be a l
or 2 star Admiral and there were two other regular but high ranking officers alongside him
during our debriefing) but I remember thinking "good for him!". He was a genuinely good man
and he made a huge impact on my life as he was so caring and nice but super smart and a very
fair and generous CO, the best I ever worked for.
So I don't know what all sources and connections you might have that may be capable of
possibly tracking down some of the old ship's logs or anything nor do I know if the others would
even be willing to talk although man, if we could find a way to reach my old CO, I would bet
money that he probably would, at least maybe on a confidential, anonymous basis but who
knows, maybe we can track more of these crew members down and you can hear their version of
events.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2722, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And maybe by putting out at least a short little clip or something on this particular incident in
one of your videos may strike a chord in other fellow sailors who have been stationed on the
Island and spent time sailing those super deep waters and a good portion of them will probably
have some very similar stories to tell of the many USOs that were very common in that part of
the ocean!
And I've always believed that Extraterrestrials do make frequent contact. But only with the
more advanced, and intelligent creatures on Earth such as Dolphins, as just like Dolphins and
Orcas like to swim along and play alongside our ship's, I recall also seeing alot of Dolphins and
pods of Whales when we would see alot of these craft enter and leave the water.
But this email was basically just a short follow up to our phone conversation earlier and I just
want to thank you again from the bottom of my heart, for standing up to these Clandestine bully's
who are basically running these Unacknowledged black projects and you really are a Godsend
for we the people of this great nation and the work you do is absolutely brilliant and crucial if we
the people are ever to take back our power and stop these ILLEGAL projects and help initiate
full disclosure! And I just wanted to offer this to you Dr. Greer, but if you have any jobs
available in ANY capacity for the Sirius Disclosure Project, it would be an honor of the highest
degree in my book to somehow, in some capacity dedicate my life's work to doing what it is that
you do and collecting stories and witness testimony and documents and everything else you
do. If you ever decide that you have any positions open or need help of any kind, remember me
and this offer. I am even willing to move to a new State if necessary as I am not interested in
getting rich or gaining fame and fortune, but dedicating my life to such a noble cause would
make me a very happy man so if you ever should find your organization hiring or needing help
of any kind... I'm your guy lol but my plan is to start in just a few minutes on typing out my
account of the entire scenario that led up to the recovery of the disk shaped Craft and I guess
timate this may take me up to a week or so before I can really dedicate the necessary time to
putting everything in my report that is relevant and tracking down names but I can't wait until I
can send you my final report. And once again, it's been such an honor to have the opportunity
that I did to pick the brain of a true Patriot and genius and I can't wait until we get to chat
again. Peace out for now Dr. Greer:) @O
P.S. I attached a few screenshots of the Wikipedia page of my old Coast Guard Cutter that this
craft was recovered with.
2
