{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T13:32:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2803934, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122709-shannon-lee-16.pdf", "source_sha256": "9d42530653fe01364466ed527c8d2247da73769aca259be73cafe3899d9b8c97"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 610, "chars": 3484, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer <
Fwd: Greetings again from
in Connecticut...
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: XXXXX
Date: July 27, 2020 at 4:09:44 PM EDT
To:
Subject: Greetings again from
Xin Connecticut...
Good day sir, I'm sorry I haven't gotten back to you on the second part of my report regarding the
debriefing portion that was part of the mysterious Craft recovery that my Coast Guard unit was part of
off the Island of Guam back in 2002. Im not sure why it has been so hard for me to finish typing the rest
of it up, I did actually start it a long time ago and I still, for some unknown reason just have been getting
a bit of anxiety and sometimes will come very close to experiencing panic attacks whenever | clear my
mind and focus and reminisce about the details of all that we went through... but I have had it almost
finished for a long time now, but despite my mysterious intense nervousness/anxiety that thinking
about it will oftentimes cause me, I just felt that you should know that because of you and your very
kind, loving words of encouragement.... My extreme anxiety and (what used to be VERY frequent panic
attacks) have improved tenfold since that day back in late 2017 I think it was when you read my account
and got in touch with me! Sir, I dont think you even have a clue just how much your positive energy and
loving demeanor has really improved my overall fear and Mental Health issues that I feel that the whole
experience had been wreaking HAVOC on me for around 15 years that I had to carry the heavy burden
of keeping that secret and being terrified to even discuss much at all UFO related, even on Social Media
or even just talking on the phone with trusted friends and confidants! You are such a gifted healer/light
worker and I really just want to emphasize just how much it meant to me that you really took me
seriously and you have had VERY profound influence overall that I dont think any Psychiatrist or
Therapist would have ever been able to accomplish! And Im not even sure that you even realized just
how beautiful it was having the privilege of sharing the details of the whole Craft recovery process, and
having you take such a serious interest and concern for people like myself who have once had their
world's completely turned upside-down and had scary, perilous vibes/feelings planted in my head after
it was all said and done and I had to sign that NDA, under the threat of possibly being charged with
Treason back then, if I ever spoke a word of that incident again to anybody that wasn't involved in our
tiny, 8 man recovery team that was selected. But things might be really looking up for all of us soon,
and I really wanted to hear your thoughts on what exactly you might have any Intel on regarding what
this new Pentagon statement about having recovered vehicles that were not of origin of this
planet??!?? Now I'm well aware that this very well could just be the first step, not of true disclosure,
but possibly the powers that be may just be laying the foundation for the potential false flag Alien
Invasion that had been in the works for many years... On the other hand, my GOD, I am really getting my
hopes up badly that maybe there's even a remote chance that something about the Craft that we
recovered out near Guam might be one of the vehicles we could potentially get some details on and
learn more about what the hell was the thing, and I still wish I could have answers as to how it ended up

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 547, "chars": 3156, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
stuck in a Taiwanese fishing vessel's net in the first place! Although I've accepted that all of this hype
could just be them toying with us and trying distract us from all of the chaos and distress the whole
world is in at this time. And whats REALLY disturbing to me, and probably the main reason I had to take
this time to type all of this is because I'm shocked by all of the lies and disinformation that all of a
sudden has started popping up in one or two of my very best CE-5 social media groups/community that
l've been a member of for about 2 years now, with tens of thousands of members who are all
fans/practicers of your beautiful CE-5 contact teams that span the entire globe! (Well I understand that
you aren't directly involved with most of these particular groups, but they're all very big fans of yours
and we have tons of fresh photos/videos multiple times everyday of successful contacts that seem to
undeniably have a ridiculously high success rate (close to 100 percent I'd say, in 2 years l've never once
seen a single person claim they did a CE-5 session that failed to initiate SOME form of contact with
probable otherworldly crafts of all shapes and sizes!) So that being said, now all of a sudden there are
all of these weird profiles popping up and bombarding one of these two groups in particular with very
obvious hoaxes, and just promoting disinformation in general and l am concerned at this sudden shift in
content to an overwhelming extent! Just as an example, we now have a bunch of people who are trying
to bombard the groups with posts about the 1978 documentary "Contact" with that one armed Swiss
hippie guy, Billy Meier, who once was very popular for all of his books he wrote on various subjects
mostly related to his alleged contact with the Pleaidians and to my knowledge, people like him were
written off as complete frauds many years ago. And I guess its very possible that maybe some of his
work could have been based on some true facts, but to me, he was just another Corey Goode, just from
back in the 1970s lol. Oh, and yeah I had to mention Corey because OMG, all of a sudden, a bunch of his
content has started flooding these beautiful, loving groups that I count on for inspirational
videos/photos, and contact stories that always give me hope that I might get some concrete answers in
this lifetime about what exactly that Disk was that I helped retrieve from the water's of the Pacific
Ocean all of those years ago! So after seeing all 1 have written here, 1 just wanted to hear some of your
thoughts perhaps on what might really be going on and what do you think we might be in store for to
look forward to from the alleged new information that the Pentagon is supposedly about to make
public? And does this new bombardment of disinformation just maybe a coincidence, or perhaps a
more sinister attempt to screw with our brains even more in your opinion sir? I really appreciate your
time and all of your positive energy and encouragement you having given me over these past few
years! Probably without even realizing it lol. Thanks again sir, and many blessings to you and your
lovely family!!! & c
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 3510, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android
On Fri, Sep 7, 2018 at 12:21 PM, Steve Greer
• wrote:
Great info! And thanks again looking forward to the report!
Sent from my iPhone
> On Sep 7, 2018, at 11:05 AM
> wrote:
>
>
Good morning Dr. Greer! I just wanted to let you know that I am working diligently and
almost obsessively on not only finishing up writing my account of the incident we spoke about,
but also trying to figure out all the names and contact info for others that were involved.
>
That being said, I wanted to clarify some new information that came to light to me just
yesterday when I spoke to my older brother and told him (for the first time ever) about
everything that I told you on the phone and when he was asking me about this Taiwanese fishing
vessel that had this craft stuck in it's net, I now remember a VERY IMPORTANT detail that I
didn't even think about mentioning at the time we spoke. I think that due to my overwhelming
excitement of actually being taken seriously by somebody I idolize so much actually reaching
out and calling me, that I was having lots of trouble focusing and my memory of certain details
was a bit chaotic and my mind was racing REALLY bad lol. I do want to apologize for that as
well.
> But the good news is that now that I have settled down and seriously started thinking back
and trying to remember ever single detail possible, that once I do finish writing my final account,
it will be a lot more informative and should really give you a much clearer picture of everything
that transpired that day.
> But the reason I am contacting you is that I now recall that this fishing vessel I spoke about,
well they didn't seem too happy about us taking this thing from them and I now remember that
we kinda had to chase after them at first as they were actually dragging this thing with them and
it wasn't like they needed any help freeing this thing from their net, as I recall that was the easy
part for us and there certainly appeared to be enough crew members aboard their vessel that they
could have easily freed it on their own. It wasn't tangled up in any way that we had to cut it out
and as far as I recall, their fishing net still appeared to be pretty intact even after we retrieved it.
>
So I will stop there for now as I could go on typing all day practically just about that aspect
of the craft recovery process itself and I have work to do here shortly so for now, I will close out
with that new insight that I simply forgot to mention to you on the phone. I was trying my best
at the time to give you at least a condensed summary of what happened when we spoke, so there
will be certainty alot more details when my final report is finished and I am certain that it will
hopefully shed some new light on this incident, but since I thought that this new detail was
extremely significant and it certainly raises alot more questions that I now have myself and
would love to have some answers to.
>
And in closing, 1 again just wanted to thank you so much for doing what you do as far as
disclosure goes! I owe all the credit to YOU Dr. Greer, for giving me the confidence and
courage to finally just come out and tell EVERYTHING about the incident I was involved in and
for showing myself and others that IT'S OK to violate these bogus Non disclosure agreements we
were forced to sign and that I don't need to worry about fear of being prosecuted. And I certainly
hope that this will help maybe connect the dots to some of the extremely weird UFO activities
5

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 881, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that are frequently witnessed near the island of Guam. And I also am going to make sure that I
either mail you or hopefully bring to you in person all of my credentials as far as my DD 214 as
well as my official record of sea service, social security card, birth certificate, all of that. And as
I had explained in my reply to the email from your wife, I will be more than happy to provide my
own transportation if necessary and come to meet with in person and I am more than happy to
share my account with you and have you record it, and you will havey permission to use it in any
manner you feel is appropriate as I really do hope that perhaps this could make others come out
and either validate my story or come through with their own stories and testimony of similar
experiences with these strange USOs that are very frequent in that part of the Pacific
Ocean. Thanks again-
>
