{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:12:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1102675, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122718-shannon-lee-6.pdf", "source_sha256": "3add1f48d0cfc788a671a3d6a2d58ccf5b600040fda41f01c05a5ab4e87cd263"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 2938, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Xr
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer 4
Friday, September 7, 2018 12:22 PM
EXXXX:
>
Fwd: Thanks so much for your encouragement and enlightenment
Ps
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: XXXxe<
Date: September 7, 2018 at 11:05:01 AM EDT
To: "
Subject: Re: Thanks so much for your encouragement and enlightenment
Reply-To:
Good morning Dr. Greer! I just wanted to let you know that I am working diligently and
almost obsessively on not only finishing up writing my account of the incident we spoke about,
but also trying to figure out all the names and contact info for others that were involved.
That being said, I wanted to clarify some new information that came to light to me just
yesterday when I spoke to my older brother and told him (for the first time ever) about
everything that I told you on the phone and when he was asking me about this Taiwanese fishing
vessel that had this craft stuck in it's net, I now remember a VERY IMPORTANT detail that I
didn't even think about mentioning at the time we spoke. I think that due to my overwhelming
excitement of actually being taken seriously by somebody I idolize so much actually reaching
out and calling me, that I was having lots of trouble focusing and my memory of certain details
was a bit chaotic and my mind was racing REALLY bad lol. I do want to apologize for that as
well.
But the good news is that now that I have settled down and seriously started thinking back
and trying to remember ever single detail possible, that once I do finish writing my final account,
it will be a lot more informative and should really give you a much clearer picture of everything
that transpired that day.
But the reason I am contacting you is that I now recall that this fishing vessel I spoke about,
well they didn't seem too happy about us taking this thing from them and I now remember that
we kinda had to chase after them at first as they were actually dragging this thing with them and
it wasn't like they needed any help freeing this thing from their net, as I recall that was the easy
part for us and there certainly appeared to be enough crew members aboard their vessel that they
could have easily freed it on their own. It wasn't tangled up in any way that we had to cut it out
and as far as I recall, their fishing net still appeared to be pretty intact even after we retrieved it.
So I will stop there for now as I could go on typing all day practically just about that aspect
of the craft recovery process itself and I have work to do here shortly so for now, I will close out
with that new insight that I simply forgot to mention to you on the phone. I was trying my best
at the time to give you at least a condensed summary of what happened when we spoke, so there
will be certainty alot more details when my final report is finished and I am certain that it will
hopefully shed some new light on this incident, but since I thought that this new detail was
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1570, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
extremely significant and it certainly raises alot more questions that I now have myself and
would love to have some answers to.
And in closing, I again just wanted to thank you so much for doing what you do as far as
disclosure goes! I owe all the credit to YOU Dr. Greer, for giving me the confidence and
courage to finally just come out and tell EVERYTHING about the incident I was involved in and
for showing myself and others that IT'S OK to violate these bogus Non disclosure agreements we
were forced to sign and that I don't need to worry about fear of being prosecuted. And I certainly
hope that this will help maybe connect the dots to some of the extremely weird UFO activities
that are frequently witnessed near the island of Guam. And I also am going to make sure that I
either mail you or hopefully bring to you in person all of my credentials as far as my DD 214 as
well as my official record of sea service, social security card, birth certificate, all of that. And as
I had explained in my reply to the email from your wife, I will be more than happy to provide my
own transportation if necessary and come to meet with in person and I am more than happy to
share my account with you and have you record it, and you will havey permission to use it in any
manner you feel is appropriate as I really do hope that perhaps this could make others come out
and either validate my story or come through with their own stories and testimony of similar
experiences with these strange USOs that are very frequent in that part of the Pacific
Ocean. Thanks again-
2
