{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-17T02:40:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8236160, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122714-shannon-lee-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "326cb2ab73ced9392c0865f11243cc3d08ee18f36ad15e6a7e80fc5db7c1509f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 720, "chars": 4074, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
ps important!
- Forwarded message -
From: XXXXX<
Date: Thu, Aug 27, 2020 at 10:05 PM
Subject: Part 2 of SXXXXXX report
To: Steve Greer ‹
Steve Greer 1
Friday, August 28, 2020 1:19 PM
Fwd: Part 2 of
report
So the following day of the mysterious disk shaped object recovery, we had to report to the Coast Guard land station
at Marsec at 0900. I can clearly remember the exact time due to the fact that I was happy to be able to sleep in a
little. Cause my usual workday started at 0700. But I also can remember it as being the absolute most terrified I've ever
been in my entire life. The previous day's events had me so unnerved that I was really convinced that 1 was either going
to be silenced or killed or would possibly have my memory erased like Men In Black Style. I remember now that there
was a Navy Admiral that was present at our debriefing and he was the one that did all of the talking and was in charge of
the situation. Also present was the executive officer of Marsec and maybe two other Coast Guard officers that I did not
recognize. We were first commended for our efforts and also reminded of the classified nature involving this weird
object we had pulled out of the water and in that explanation the Admiral described it as an experimental Navy
craft. There was one really intense moment and a bit of excitement when the commanding officer of my ship,
Lieutenant Commander Corson broke in and seem to interrupt the Admiral when he said that comment about it being
an experimental craft. I recall him being very heated and passionate and he very boldiy seem to bark back to the Admiral
that he knows damn well that whatever that thing was it was not made by humans and he mentioned that we have
often seen this very same craft doing impossible things in the sky. And I seem to recall him mentioning several specific
dates he already had memorized and he referred to the fact that our ship had logged quite a few sightings of UFOs that
looked identical, and he made it very clear that he wasn't happy about being lied to and he used the word "bullshit" at
one point in his statement to which I couldnt help but feel so much respect and i was so very proud that at least he had
the guts to call such a superior ranking officer out like he did. Now surprisingly, the Admiral was very calm and didn't
seemed to be that offended at the blatant disrespect he was just shown from much lower ranking officer, and the
Admiral very calmly told him that he would speak to him in private as soon as the rest of us were finished with the
debriefing and he did stay behind once we had all left. We all were forced to sign a nondisclosure agreement and we
were verbally warned to tell absolutely no one about this incidents, not even our spouse children, etc. And that this was
of some of the highest levels of secrecy in existence I do remember it being described as "Above Top Secret" so I knew
that it would be best for me to keep my mouth shut and I did for many years now. We were told that if we were to
violate the NDA that we would be subject to punishment under the UCMI and could possibly be charged with treason
which as we all knew could possibly carry the death penalty. However, interestingly enough, we were never actually
threatened with death directly as I understand that some other military witnesses that have come forward about similar
incidents of this nature of secrecy have been threatened with in other cases.
And to sum things up, having been one of the very few people on board the Cutter that had been part of the actual
physical craft retrieval team, I experienced some brutal treatment in the form of bullying from many of my fellow
shipmates. This was very extreme and it devastated me really bad. To the point that I suffered some really bad
depression as a result of this mistreatment, and thankfully my CO was a very approachable guy and even a lowely junior
enlisted guy such as myself was always welcome to go up and speak to him. And I did quite a few times after that. But
alot of my mistreatment was due to

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 115, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
rat

amo OE

a ie

SER es vee _

ad oe eae Y

WO. ote tre: eee 4

a ee

SUN Se ee oS ee Bee -

Le? pe re ee ee ee

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1443, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAL PERSONNEL RECORDS CENTER
I ARCHIVES DRIVE ST LOUIS MO 63138-1002
www.archives.gov
NATIONAL
ARCHIVES
January 24, 2020
RE:
Veteran's Name: I
Dear Recipient:
Thank you for contacting the National Personnel Records Center. The military personnel record
that you have requested is not at this Center. We have, therefore, referred your inquiry to the
appropriate military service department at the following address:
Commander CG Personnel Service Center
Attn: PSC (BOPS-C-MR)
2703 Martin Luther King Jr Ave SE
Washington, DC 20593-7200
The military health record is not available. The records may be obtained from the agencies
below.
COAST
GUARD
DISCHARGE DATE
4/1998 to 9/30/2014
CONTACT
Department of Veterans Affairs, Records
Management Center (VARMC), St. Louis, MO
1-888-533-4558
If a VA claim was filed, the service member's health record may have been sent to the VA
Regional Office that serves that veteran's local area. We suggest you contact the Department of
Veterans Affairs at 1-800-827-1000 for further assistance.
If you have questions or comments regarding this response, you may contact us at
or by mail at the address shown in the letterhead above. If you contact us, please reference the
Request Number listed above. If you are a veteran, or a deceased veteran's next of kin, please
consider submitting your future requests online by visiting us at http://vetrecs.archives.gov.
Sincerely,
We Value Our
Veterans' Privacy
