{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T12:17:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2751471, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122726-witness-10823-navy-bermudatri-ufo-1980s.pdf", "source_sha256": "1ce24c3b5793c2430fab87a8aa3e0679c7466528783db65c7bc49a68e72f80a9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(NY)
Fle, Neu
mil. Wither
The Disclosure Project
April 28, 2008
Dear Dr. Greer:
I was contacted through your website email by, ")
>after I initiated that I might be a
witness. I am not comfortable with sending this via emall or over a phone at this
juncture.
While I was in the Navy in 1983-1987 | was trained in several aircraft platforms that
supported secret equipment which I operated. One day I was flying in a flight of three
Sikorski H-3 aircraft at a medium altitude doing approximately 120 knots. We were
coming from a naval air station in the North East US heading through the heart of the
"Bermuda Triangle" South East off the coast of Miami. Our destination was a base l am
sure you are familiar with since it is mentioned a lot on the internet and even in a UFO
documentary, namely AUTEC. I went there a couple times a year for a week or two in
the mid 1980's for "Training". I was a flight crew member that operated "special"
equipment and not a pilot. My rank was PO1 (E-6).
It was a beautiful clear bight sunny day. I am not exactly sure where we were, but we
were in the area of the Bimini Islands located somewhere between Miami & Andros
Island. I looked out my window by chance & saw giant white circle structures under the
water that were absolutely huge. You would only be able to see them from a high
altitude and they would absolutely be seen on satellite photos without much zooming in.
A ship on the surface of the ocean could not see them like the, "standing too close to a
tree in the forest to see it" analogy. Perhaps the circle structures were 1/4 mile in
diameter each (guessimate). I wanted to take photos but my old black Navy issue
camera, located in my helmet bag was not loaded with the standard B&W 35mm film.
This was the pre-digital camera era and the old cameras were cumbersome. The nature
of our flight was travel not surveillance (That I was aware of).
I keyed up my mike on the flight with my own crew of 3 and maintenance worker
passengers not plugged in and said something like, "What the hell is that down there?
Do you guys see that?" We were heading South East and I was looking out the Left
starboard side of the aircraft
I don't remember any response other then a few brief "Wow WTF" type comments from
other crew members like me but nothing more, which was kind of strange because we
were all big jokesters and normally bantered about anything to entertain each other. In
the past the pilots even let me fly the aircraft and do landings when they were bored or
hung-over on these types of long transit cross country flights before. I do recall a few
. quick coded phonetic words between the pilots of the three craft and that was it..radio

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 3886, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- -
silence prevailed while we flew over this obviously man-made or intelligent life made
massive submerged pattern of white circle structures. I was astonished by the fact that it
was so massive and the fact that it was in the middle of nowhere under the deep blue
crystal clear ocean in the mysterious Bermuda Triangle. To impress upon you the size
of it; we took about 5 minutes before we passed over it.
. Since I had so much time I
counted the circles which were formed not in a diagonal X but more of a cross pattern
so that there were four equal quadrants of 25 perfectly symmetrical circles equally
separated. I counted each circle. There were exactly 101. There were 25 on each leg
and one in the middle, the 101st. I tried to think what purpose something like that could
serve?
The strangest part of it all was when we landed at the destination base, AUTEC maybe
1/2 hour later. Normally we debriefed every flight in the flight room immediately after all
flights. Upon entering the flight room door I bumped into my Executive Officer leaving
through the same door. I immediately asked what the hell we flew over as I bumped into
myXO, a LCDR at the time. He just shook his head at me and said, No". Another
crewman told me they cancelled the debrief as he was leaving the room so I just turned
around and left the building. This was unsettling to me since i was pretty friendly with
my pilot/XO on a personal level and we even played softball together. He was visibly
afraid of discussing what we saw and there was no normal debriefing of the flight. That
was the last we spoke of it.
Dr. Greer...I have researched the topic for 30 years now. I was quite young & naive
back then and was a self proclaimed "Ufologist" before it was fashionable.... but due to
my Secret clearance, knew enough instinctively not to check books out of the libraries on
the topic. I studied everything published on UFO's & the "Devil's Triangle" since I was
flying there routinely and there is nothing to date which I am aware of published about
what I saw. How could something so huge and visible go un-noticed by the Atlantis
continent hunters, thousands of flights or anyone's satellite for that matter? I want to
check out Edgar Cayce's writings in Va. Beach but haven't gotten to it. Maybe I was in
military restricted airspace? I haven't checked on that.
It is odd that I have always been drawn into this subject matter and have had trouble
understanding why all the people around me, "seemingly asleep" don't think it is of the
utmost importance! I had a similar abusive childhood background to yours Dr. Greer.
Your Bio on the website convinced me to write this letter. As you are aware when
children suffer this they blame it on themselves. My two sisters took the self-destructive
path & Ttook the funneling it into the proving I am worthy approach. I became an_
accomplished athlete because childhood dyslexia complicated school success. I have
had one encounter with the light of absolute love & forgiveness that I think, thanks to
you... is related to all this. It was a beautiful bluish white light that came to me one night
in California as I meditated outside with complete humbleness and disdain for myself. It
engulfed me to tell me everything was OK at a very hard time in my life when I felt
ashamed & wanted to quit. In that light I felt as though I was in communication with
billions of soles at one time and that they all loved me with the greatest compassion and
understanding, ever so much that it brought me to tears of joy. I understood in that light
of truest love that I was a child in all of this. I wanted to stay in the light but was told
(non-verbally) it was time to return after I was allowed to ask some questions where the
response was even loving humor at times. I have never feared death since that night. I
want to get back to that light Dr. Greer.
-
2
--
-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1824, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr Greer, I would like to know what this underwater base I saw was, and having an
ntelligence backaround...
whole of what I saw to bring this to some closure for me. I am willing to be subjected to
regression study to recall details on this.
Dr. Greer, I spent the last 25 years as an accident investigator for the insurance industry
since I also investigated aviation related accidents for the Navy. I by chance once spoke
with an astral-physicist named Leo that saw bases on Mars. I also met a Catholic priest
that saw a UFO hover next to a window in his Montrose, NY monastery while he was
playing cards. I have taken thousands of statements written & recorded over the years
(non-ETV related) & I would be available to interview people for you folks as i am a
qualified interviewer, professionally speaking
I was the investigative supervisor for the law firm (Worby, Groner, Eddelman) currently
representing the, Sick World Trade Center Rescue Workers" case that has a 1 billion
dollar settlement earmarked in a pending government settlement. I know many greedy
lawyers who will get 1/3 (not the victims) that are planning their retirements on that blood
money. I was contacted by some pretty reputable people with what I am sure you are
aware are some startling revelations, which at the time I thought were preposterous
regarding the 9-11 events. Now I am stunned when revisiting the subject matter. I quit
that employer after 15 years in January 2007 to be self-employed where I do state
statutes lectures in hotel ball rooms. I have a B.S. in Ed and M.S. in Admin which I
ironically earned at McGuire Air Force base through Central Michigan University in 1985-
1987. I had a Secret clearance and served 8 years with an honorable discharge.
Thank you for your courage...even if I never hear from you.
Best regards,
3
