{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:13:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 294125, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122739-letter-from-interstellar-intelligence-society-witness-10470-may-9-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "1b4868731e588f03ec05ade8883f60fbe0c0fccc3b9f826c9100c75e50d8ac39"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 3414, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEVEN - THIS IS REally SAD- HES SITINO ON A TON OF EVIDENCE A
NASA/SUBCONTRACTOR/ASTRONAUT WITNESSES SPANNING NEARLY 40
May 9, 1997
Helloy
YEARS OF THE SPACE AROGRAM! DO YOU THINK It WoUlA BE WOrETH
YoUr cAllING HIM TO GET HIS COUFIDENCE?
I've received your info on CSETI and find it interesting. I'm aware of the organization and
have been since its inception.
Ihave no interest in sharing what I know with any organization at least at this time. My
' career at KSC was destroyed by certain factions within the US Government and I've found it very
difficult to exist since then. Only those who have the potential of exposing such evil in our
government are taken to such degrading levels, or worse. I guess I can be thankful to whatever
great powers exist (GOD? or ???) for still being around.
What I know as a former trusted "insider" (Top Secret Clearance, etc.) is unsettling, even
for me. Most of what you and CSETI personnel (Freidman, Hopkins, whomever) know is what
you've heard from other outsiders and probably 98% of that data is "created" for misinformation.
Be very careful even when an MSFC Houston person make claims. It takes trusted "inside" (being
at the launch site, seeing what comes back, etc.), info to separate the wheat from the chaff. For
instance, who outside of the "insiders" knew that Area-51 isn't the Top Secret testing base for
very new and extremely exotic craft that are and have been flying world skies for the past three
decades or more? I know this type of data and it destroyed my career. It's (the new Area-51) now
been moved to Utah and stretches as far as Colorado. They're tested world wide and it causes
many UFO reports.
I tried to go at them in the court system but was awakened to another criminal aspect of
.. this nations very corrupt legal "Priesthood". There are two judicial systems of laws in the United
: States. One is for you, 1, your children, mine, etc., and one tor the corrupt criminals who actually
control EVERYTHING. Money controls our daily lives through the World Bank in Sitzerland,
religion controls our minds, medical science controls, our very existence. This nation has cures
for Cancer, AIDS, etc., yet few know it and few really give a damn. Most people would rather hear
what Michael Jordan scored last night rather than open their eyes and see what actually is going
on in front of their faces.
Many of our astronauts, especially those who're retired want released from their security
pledges in order to disclose what they know concerning E1 visits to earth, etc. I m still under such
a security pledge and it will go on for another five years. If and when such is lifted, then and only
then will the earth hear what is going on and how long it has. Believe me, it's a very long time.
Like the show "Dark Skies" said in its opening lines, history is a BIG lie.
Jim, I'm sorry to say that our public is a nation of MORONS.
Several of your most "trusted" speakers on the usual UFO lecture tour are manipulated.by
the government. How else do you explain their longevity? On the other hand, who are they
who've disappeared from the scene? If you figure it out, trust those people much more. I'm one
of them. I mailed out 1500 lecture flyers about four years ago and NONE reached the destination.
= Bad luck, NO! Just got lost in the mail? NO! Stopped by - - - YES!, YES!, YES!.
Be careful.
Your COSMIC friend (in fact),
":"i'Clark
5).
IN
STEl
