{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:35:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 337326, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122750-witness-10827-document-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "df8656222936c5d9b2bb9f8cff87dd738f0b46ba7cbcf04d58f81548aeb31a46"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 752, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Steve,
This witness is providing a videotape for analysis and possible use. I'II
forward when received.
The still shots are frames from his VHS videos.
He is told by intuition where to point his camcorder, doesn't see anything
with the naked eye, and when he plays back the video, UFOs are visible. This
has been going on for years, so he claims. Sounds like CE-5s without a whole
lot of overt awareness.
He could be an asset to the whole contact protocol effort, as well asin
insightful witness into the military abduction phenomenon.
I'm currently tracking two ancillary witnesses to the Hunter-Liggett military
reservation phenomenon, which could be a U.S. counterpart to Bentwaters.
put me in touch with them. This could be solid corroboration.
R.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2407, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record
same.
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony
(ie, government, military, intel., corporate)
Witness will provide us with a complete military history and discharge
record, to be faxed over at the earliest possible convenience. Employment
history shall also be made available upon request.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony, providing
salient information on date, location, position and involvement at the time
of the UFO/ET event or project.
Witness claims to have been "set up" by his military command for an
alleged abduction in 1967 while serving as an infantryman on the Hunter
Liggitt Military Reservation in the N. Mojave Desert in S. Calif. He clearly
recalls observing a UFO with other soldiers at night. The UFO disgorged five
smaller objects which assumed a triangular flight pattern, and then swooped
down upon the soldiers. The next thing the witness recalled was finding
himself paralyzed and then onboard a craft naked, laid out upon a table, in
telepathic communication with non humans. He described both typical
"grays" and one commanding presence that he described as a "light being"
without a physical body. The message transmitted from the light being was
that something wonderful would be taking place in the near future and that
they would be seeing one another again. He recalls being given an injection
on his right side and being given a bitter substance to swallow. He was told
that he would not remember what was taking place, which he defied, telling
his captors that he would remember everything. Prior to the abduction
sequence starting, the witness had observed the time on a nearby clock, and
when he was returned to the ground, he noted that 3 hours had elapsed.
The witness reported his experience to a commanding officer and was
warned that he would be "sent to the nut house" if he didn't keep his mouth
shut. He persisted to insist that his story was true, and was handed a strangely
colored cigarette by a commanding officer. When he smoked it, he recalled a
feeling of euphoria come over him that was identical to the euphoria that he
had experienced during the abduction experience. The witness continued to
speak out and was finally sent to the base mental hospital for two months and
given was T'horazene for alleged PISD.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 1899, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation : Is he / she willing to be
interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we want to discourage this
except in rare cases) ?
Highly cooperative. Witness has provided interviews to Linda
Moulton Howe and has given a number of TV and radio interviews. He
strong-y teels that the military is somehow behind the abduction
phenomenon, but insists that the beings he encountered onboard the craft
were non human. He also claims to have seen his first daylight UFO as a 5
year old in 1951.
He has since dedicated himself to videotaping UFOs in the skies
around his home, using his own form of CE-5 telepathy to attract their
attention. He has amassed thousands of photos and hundreds of hours of
video footage which he is willing to make available to the Project. Much of
his footage allegedly shows clearly defined spacecraft in full daylight. We are
invited to examine his library and to utilize as much as we need.
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or
corroborating documents and other materials.
The witness mentioned two other former soldiers who allegedly were
abducted from the Hunter Liggitt facility. He gave the name of a contact for
those individuals and suggested that we locate those witnesses to corroborate
his story.
6. Always ask if the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to other
witnesses which could be useful to the project (they may not offer this and so
this should always be asked).
The witness keeps in touch with other retired military men who
experienced or witnessed UFO occurrences.
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and
credibility, and HOW the witness comes across (articulate, etc).
Articulate, stable, truthful, angry.
8. Let the witness know that we will be contacting him/her later to set up a
date to conduct a full interview.
Done.
