{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:56:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1774866, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122784-steven-greer-jimmy-carter-letter-10-19-07.pdf", "source_sha256": "1ed71126a6b964345d766acd243c615bce5cde1f4eb679bcfcea50eb71ec581b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2237, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Steven M. Greer MD
Sensitive and Confidential
19 October 2007
Dear President Carter,
Our mutual friend, John Martin, asked that we send you some materials, which are
enclosed.
By way of introduction, I am an emergency/trauma MD whose uncle was the senior
project engineer that designed the Lunar Module at Grumman for the moon landing. As a
young child, I learned of many things that I was not supposed to know. Like yourself and
John, I also had a close sighting of an ETV (extraterrestrial vehicle) around that same
time.
You were the first President for whom I had the honor to cast a vote when I was 21 and
about that I have no regrets. My wife and children and I admire you greatly.
A few key milestones that may be of interest to you:
>
>
>
>
In 1990, I founded a project to investigate and initiate a citizen's
diplomatic program to contact these objects (and the beings within
them) to establish a peaceful, open level of contact. We have had
marked and gradually increasing success.
Currently, a major ö country, its Ministry of Detense and scientific
leadership has asked us to lead an effort to make open contact with
these visitors with this country's leadership present, to be followed by a
major public announcement. This initiative is exquisitely sensitive and
confidential, as I am sure you can appreciate, and is pending review by
the President of that country. I feel it would be helpful for you to be
privately briefed on this matter and also to be given some documents
from this Ministry of Defense addressed to me regarding this mission.
Beginning in 1993, we founded The Disclosure Project
(www.DisclosureProject.org) to bring this information out to the public.
We now have over 500 military, intelligence and corporate witnesses to
events and projects working with us on this initiative. The evidence is
overwhelming, as you can see from the enclosed materials.
In December of 1993, I was asked to brief sitting CIA Director R. James
Woolsey on this matter. President Clinton, as well as Mr. Woolsey, had
- like yourself- made inquiries into the UFO matter but were denied
access to this information. Subsequently, I also briefing Adm. Tom
Wilson, J-2 (head of Intelligence, Joint Staff) and Gen. Patrick Hughes,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2895, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
>
>
the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, among many others.
They also were denied access to the compartmented operations dealing
with this matter, notwithstanding their high rank and positions.
For personal reasons, President Clinton elected not to pursue the matter
further and we began to brief senior members of Congress, including
Senate Intelligence Committee and House National Security members.
Unfortunately, they also had been denied access to these projects, as had
Senator Claiborne Pell, whom I briefed personally on the matter. In this
process, we discovered that most of these compartmented operations
were controlled by corporate, institutional and financial interests that
were rogue, unconstitutional and violating the national security laws of
the US, UK and other countries.
Subsequently, in May of 2001, we unilaterally began the process of
disclosing this information, beginning at a major National Press
Conference event in Washington DC (DVD is enclosed).
The reasons for the secrecy are complex and beyond the scope of this
brief letter, but include:
• Fear of exposure of illegally run unacknowledged special access
projects' (USAPs);
• The potential impact on fundamentalist / orthodox religious beliefs;
Most importantly, the release of information leading to scientific
elucidation of the energy and propulsion systems behind these objects,
which is now well understood at Lockheed Skunkworks, Northrup-
Grumman, SAIC and other large military contractors. The source of
energy is from the quantum vacuum flux field and this scientific
discovery will make the need for oil, gas, coal, centralized utilities and
so forth unnecessary after disclosure.
We have now formed a research and development project, Advanced Energy Research
Organization (www.AERO2012.com) to gather the best scientific minds together to
build, outside of these rogue, and illegal classified programs, peaceful energy generation
systems based on these scientific breakthroughs. If we are successful, the world will be
able to move to its next level of evolution, free of pollution, free of poverty and the
current geo-political and geophysical melt-down which now threatens humanity. The
technical hurdles are, in fact, much less than the spiritual, political, geo-political and
financial ones.
I hope that we can meet to discuss these matters confidentially and so that I may give you
these documents from the Ministry of Defense that outline our contact initiative. You
certainly have a right to know now- even if you were not told of these matters as
President. While the UFO matter is very controversial and perhaps not a subject with
which you wish to be publicly involved (I more than anyone appreciate the social
opprobrium and ridicule attached to the subject...) the energy, environmental and peace
issues connected to the energy project may be of immediate interest to you.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 405, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I would be honored to meet with you in Atlanta or Washington DC (we have a home
there) at your convenience and confidentially, to discuss these matters further.
I greatly admire all that you have done and are doing on behalf of humanity and please be
assured of our most sincere prayers for your health and success.
Most respectfully,
Serpenna
Steven M. Greer MD
CEO
Advanced Energy Research Organization
