{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:54:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 960680, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122742-email-to-dr-greer-re-veteran-releases-claims-on-ufos-7-4-1999.pdf", "source_sha256": "5ccc9035210c264bf07a11e9b67798ddcbb6f60f799c35bb995916e69e53025f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2556, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To:
To:
To:
To:
To:
To:
Date:
7/4/99,
9:54
AM
NASA VETERAN RELEASES BOMBSHELL CLAIMS ON UFOS
CIa
who describes himself
as
a former Space Shuttle Sco
(Spacecralt Operator) and aerospace engineer at Cape Canaveral and the
Kennedy Space Center, has just begun releasing potentially explosive
information on UFOs and alien encounters
-- information he says he's been
holding back for the past forty years.
CNI News has just learned of
and his claims, and our initial
efforts to confirm his NASA background have been inconclusive. However, at
press time we were still
awaiting word from several current NASA employees
who could verify X
long affiliation with the space agency. We
offer this story with a caveat: We can't (yet) guarantee that
s genuine, and we're going to keep checking. But if XXXX
is the real thing, he could be the most significant "deep throat
along in quite some time.
himself claims to have been involved with NASA from 1958 until
1992 when he retired. He says he worked on a host of high-profile projects,
including the Atlas,
Titan, Minuteman, and all manned space program events
in the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, Space Shuttle and advanced planning of the
International Space Station. He also says he headed chapters of the National
Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) and the Mutual UFO
Network (MUFON) at KSC and Cape Canaveral.
XXXXXXXXX
le says he intends to publish much more
in a forthcoming book.
TESTIMONIALS
Read what others have said regarding
s knowledge and
expertise in the fields of aerospace
A space pioneer and a top SpaceCraft Operator. With
admiration for your work."
- Walter Cronkite, from an autographed photo given to
"Your gift of knowledge concerning space exploration, astronomy and cosmic
life is most impressive. I've always enjoyed our talks during my visits to
the KSC/MFA (Kennedy Space Center/Manned Flight Awareness) awards
presentations."
, it is as impossible to
be to deny them in the future, "Confirm them (UFOs) in the present as it will
- Dr. Wernher von Braun (deceased), space flight pioneer and NASA scientist.
"Thanks for the great orbiter (Shuttle)
lawn mower! Again, thanks to you and
ut tele spaces ran betect tiny
it pays off!"
- Brian Duffy, NASA astronaut and Space Shuttle Mission Commander.
"Thanks for letting us borrow YOUR orbiter."
- Kathy Thornton, NASA astronaut and space walker who helped repair the
Hubble Space Telescope in orbit.
you were a GREAT Space Shuttle Sco (SpaceCraft Operator)."
Dr. Sally Ride, NASA Astronaut and first American woman in space.
1
nd

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3822, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
оні
"I am indebted to
Director of the Kennedy Space Center UFO
Investigative NICAF group, ior the benefit of his scientific evaluation of
UFO sightings and those of his fellow aerospace engineers and scientists."
I vesty pole same and Director, National.
"I will be pleased to call upon you to investigate UFO reports in the
Kennedy Space Center area. I am most interested in your exchange of
information with the Russian scientists."
- Dr. J. Alan Hynek (deceased), Director, The Center for UFO Studies.
VON BRAUN AT ROSWELL
In 1941, a controversial event took place in New Mexico near the town of
roswell. The "Roswell Incident,
a downed alien ship, alien bodies were said to have been recovered from the
The USAF and Federal Government have kept a steadfast opinion that the
object in question was a high
altitude balloon project, code named: Mogul.
project was designed to detect nuclear blasts in the USSR. The bodies
that were recovered, according to the USAF, were parachute test dunmies that
had been released high above the desert,
and had eventually drifted into the
"balloon" crash area. The USAE finally settled on this fabricated version of
events and passed it off to the American public as truth.
During my long years of service in our national
space program, I was very
fortunate to come to know and exchange some very exciting data with former
German scientists, who had been brought to the USA under Operation Paper
Clip following WW II. These men were the elite of the German rocket programs
controlled by Adolph Hitler. On many occasions I had the distinct privilege
of speaking with Di. Wernher von Braun, the leader of the elite group, and
several other scientists who were assigned to the ABMA (Army Ballistics
Missile Agency) launch crews at the Cape Canaveral launch sites. Eventually,
these same men were incorporated into the new National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA) organization. During the periodic MFA (Manned Flight
Awareness)
meetings that were held at Cocoa Beach, I was able to talk freely
and briefly with such scientists,
particularly Dr. von Braun.
On one such occasion, he and I had taken
a break and stepped out of the
Cocoa Beach Ramada Inn into the back patio. I admitted that I was aware that
he and his German Scientific team were located not too far from the crash
site at that time. They were launching captured V-2 rockets from the White
Sands Testing Range. On this night, I asked him
a question concerning the
Roswell Incident that caused his eyebrows to raise.
"Did the Roswell Incident in fact happen, was an alien craft recovered along
with alien bodies? Did you have a chance to go to the crash site?"
DI. von Braun was a cigarette smoker and he lit one up. He thought for a
second, then proceeded to talk freely about his inspection of the crashed
He trusted me to hear such astonishing events because I vowed to not report
it to newspapers, magazines, television, etc. I never broke that vow. Since
he is deceased, and the incident happened over fifty years ago, I am now
what I heard. I have
a right to speak about anything - even
things that, according to certain agencies,
"do not exist."
DI. VOn Braun explained how he and his (unnamed, for now) associates had
been taken to the crash site after most of the military were pulled back.
They did a quick analysis of what they found. He told me the craft did not
appear to be made of
metal as we know metal on earth. He said it seemed to
be created from something biological, like skin. I was lost as to what he
indicated, other than thinking perhaps the craft was "alive." The recovered
bodies were temporarily being kept in a nearby medical tent. They were
very frail and had large heads. Their eyes were large. Their skin was
grayish and reptilian in texture. He said it looked similar to the skin

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 546, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4- ідні
texture of rattle snakes he'd seen several times at White Sands. His
inspection of the debris had even him puzzled: very thin, aluminum colored,
1ke Sllvery chewing gum wrappers. Very light and extremely strong. Th
nterior of the craft was nearly bare of equipment, as if the creatures an
crait were part of a single unit.
to Major Keyhoe and NICAP, or the public, until now. I considered my honor
sacred when a vow was made.
xXXXX
CSETI |
UFoStudies http:/7u
UFO Community On MSN http://conmunities.msn.com/ufo/
k/
Internet Header •
=
3
