{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:13:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 894257, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122856-witness-10608-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "fd71f7a31f2c9a8eb17ea191abf37c81a348e891280939189fcddd574b14ea5f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2018, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Witners/
Subj: disturbing ops
Date: 8/30/99 12:25:54 PM Eastem Daylight Time
Sender:
Reply-to:
M5-12
com
(S
Sender.
Subject: disturbing ops
From:
Bcc:
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="US-ASCII"
Date: Mon, 30 Aug 1999 10:20:05 -0600
Message-ID: <1276092491-6569541@estreet.com>
FYI
One of the speakers at the Global Science Congress this year
was
is President of American Computer
Company http://www.american-computer.com and has an interesting
background
s an Electrical Engineer and has been
involved with computers going back to its early days. He was
the man behind the "Windows" technology that Bill Gates now uses
as well as many other innovations. Because of his genius,
was approached by some intelligence operatives many years ago
to take on a contract to back engineer some technology.
wanted to know where the technology came from before taking the
contract. He was told that it came from the 1947 Roswell UFO
crash.
did not believe them. The men said they would come
back with more proof. They did and
cook the contract.
Soon, Jack leamed the that the transistor was not invented by
AT&T but was part of the another back engineering process of
Roswell technology, as was lasers, fiber optics, some other
technologies. He then started researching this information.
In 1997
posted a small article on his web site about the
Roswell crash and the history of the transistor and back
engineering Roswell technology. He got 100 replies the first 24
hours. He posted some more info and 1000 replies the first week.
articles where scaring AT&T and other corporations who
claimed they invented the technologies as well as the intelligence
agencies. There little secret was being exposed and they did not
like that. It wasn't long before
started getting a lot cyber-
terrorism against his company and death threats to put him out of
ras harassed through e-mail and received deaths
threats for over a year by one individual. He notified the FBI,
Monday, August 30, 1999 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2667, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but they basically did nothing. By the way,
$ Jewish X
finally leamed the indentity of this individual. It was Buford
Furrow, the guy that shot up the Jewish Community Center in LA
where
kids attend. None o
kids got hurt.
Not too long ago
received a strange fax that referred to a
classified project. He asked his attomey what he should do.
His attomey thought it might be a set-up (possession of
classified material) and told him to give it back.
know who faxed it to him and thus who to give it back to. So,
he thought he would call some of the intelligence agencies and
tried calling the CIA. When speaking to the secretary he mentioned
the project and the secretary immediately connected him to someone
else. The man greeted
like he knew him without
Xever
revealing who he was. When
mentioned the project name, he was
told that the name could only be talked about on a secure line.
He told him he would get back with him and to hang up and sten
away from the phone.
did. The man got in contact with
later by calling
cell phone which was unlisted. Soon
company was broken into and ransacked. When he notified the FBI,
two goons were sent over to investigate, only they seemed to know
where everything was like they had been there before.
Xwas
suspecting that they might have been the ones that broke in.
He noticed they stole some stuff on their way out.
Some of
innovations involved super-computer technology
that was stolen and given to Thinking Machines Corp
filed a law suit which actually caused him to have to file more
suits against other companies.
was winning his cases and
companies where declaring bankruptcy. It just so happens that
the theft involved the mob (the Gambino family) who tried to
take him out several times. One attempt was by someone shooting
at his windsheild. When
_law suites where finally going
to make the mob appear in court they skipped town, down to
Fiorida he believes, and he has not heard from them again.
At the conference,
talked about his experiences in the
computer industry leading up to the present day. In the workshop
talked about the history of american technology, especially
the transistor, and he proves that the transistor did not come
from the research labs of our corporations. He also talked about
how they have scrambled to cover things up during his own
investigations.
Below is the original story on Roswell (primary focus on the
transistor) that
osted on his web site.
has much
more on his web site and you may want go there to get upciated
on his law suites as well as read other stories. He also has
a mail-ist you can sign up on for further updates.
Monday, August 30, 1399 Compuserve: DrsGreer
Page: 2
