{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-19T22:45:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9022291, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122884-witness-10160-united-states-ft-carson-uap-fbi-cia-training-2008.pdf", "source_sha256": "9d325d99f7873289c99d4625a74fc89f9bfd1265e3dc03c47393896b3d1ba827"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 629, "chars": 3667, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sirius Disclosure Mail - Greetings
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/?ik=2b3051f140&view=pt&search...
witnesses SD X
xXm>
Greetings
5 messages
Thu, Feb 23, 2023 at 9:23 PM
My name is XXX
i was listening to a podcast and Dr. Greere pretty much convinced me that i should
come forward to you guys with what happened to me and my involvement in what he was talking about in the podcast
he was on a few days ago.
I'm incredibly uncomfortable talking about this on this particular email, however i'd be totally willing to talk about more
over the phone or in person or whatever.
i will however essentially talk about what i'm sure is already known from anyone i'm not particularly happy knowing
about me knowing what i know about, and what had happened to me
sorry to sound to cryptic
okay here we go, so i was enlisted in the US Army in 2008 at Ft Jackson SC. a couple of weeks into basic, two civilian
clothed individuals approached my Sgt and before i knew it i was requested to follow them into a van which drove to a
facility on Fort Jackson called the NCCA.
It was a joint operation building between the CIA and the FBI, at the time, currently from my understanding it is still an
operating facility on the base however is now a civilian contracted facility, which is why while taking my routes into
trying to obtain information about what happened to me have all been shut down.
I don't really know how to get into it, but the lawyers i've talk to have told me to use the word torture, i was tortured at
the NCCA facility at Ft Jackson SC. that is a whole subject i would need to get into obviously but this is something i'm
not really stoked about talking about on this email.
i was then brought to my duty station at Ft Carson Colorado, where i was attacked by my Sgt. Sgt Rivera Rissario,
before this incident there was an UAP incident that i had reported to the duty station after walking from the gate to the
barracks. which again is something i would love to get into at some point, there was a military manual i had acquired
from a third party source that ended up getting aquisitioned from the military after my barracks room was raided to
look for illegal material after i got back from my AWOL of 11 days...i was staying on base with an MP while trying to
report my Sgt for attacking me. this was in 2009 before SHARP or anything like that. again this is something i'm totally
willing to get into at a later date
to get an incredibly long story short i was thrown out of the military after serving 30 days in el paso county criminal
justice facility for going AWOL, then given an unemployment rating on my honorable disability discharge of 30% which
again is a whole other thing i'd love to get into
upon trying to follow up or report fucking anything when going up the proper ranks of communication, i've been shut
down, distracted by situations that seem to be incredibly coincidencial that has stopped me from being able to go any
further with this.
please you guys are begging for information and i promise i have parts of the puzzle as far as our governments
involvement with what's going on, yes there are black projects, but there are also projects that are funded and being
involved with the military that are actually torturing its own people and idk this whole thing, i started hearing about the
MK Ultra shit and just the way all the information has been coming out i just cant keep this all to myself anymore
you guys want information and i need answers
if you could please contact me any time at this
i don't know what happened, i don't know what i was involved in and i don't know what i don't know, but i know what
lof 4
2/28/2023, 10:50 AM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 3644, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sirius Disclosure Mail - Greetings
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/?ik=2b3051fl40&view=pt&.search..
happened to me was real, i know the things i saw and was involved in actually happen and i'm just trying to let the
people trying to find these answers out what happened to me. this isn't a hoax, i'm not full of it, i've been off the grid as
much as i can be for the last 10 years because of the things that have happened and again, this is more things id be
willing to get into at a later date. please, i need something, anything, please contact me
i've got evidence, well as much evidence as i can have of my involvement with what happened, i've got documents
and shit to prove i at least have been where i say i have been and that i've made inquiries about what had happened,
things are getting desperate and with the acceleration of the automated technologies and the crazy shit going on out
east like its too much for me to handle and i need to just get what information i have out there. i dont know of any of
the importance and i don't know if following any of my leads will lead to anywhere, but i swear to anything holy left to
swear to that i'm telling the absolute truth. i'm willing to testify to courts, on tape, on video whatever, any of it, all of it,
ill take it to tick tock if that happens to be the last bastion of releasing information lol
Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 2:19 PM
Thank you so much for writing..
I will discuss this with Dr. Greer.
In the meanwhile would you be able to write an account of the UFO activity you saw that - from what you said - started
this unfortunate chain of events?
Sincerely
[Quoted text hidden]
Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 2:19 PM
[Quoted text hidden]
2 of 4
Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 3:20 PM
Certainly, during my enlistment I had an interesting night, I dont know really how to describe it. It started when I kept
having difficulties with an ingrown toenail. It was bad, I had numerous medical interventions of removing sections of
the toe nail, regardless it would always grow back wrong and id have to go back to the medical facility to get it
removed and wrapped.
During this time I did not have a vehicle while I was enlisted so I was always walking from barracks to the dining
facility, id even have to walk to the gate to catch a taxi to go out.
This was when I just gotten to my unit at Ft Carson Colorado, id say probably around September October of 2009.
During one of these nights I had decided to go and socialize at a local hookah bar that a lot of the soldiers would hang
out at, it was by the larger mall in a strip mall by a dive bar called the black sheep in cokorado springs, right next to a
big pool hall.
Like most nights id call a cab and get a ride to the gate to walk back from the gate to my barracks. The individual who
picked me up was a bit of an eccentric and immediately started talking black ops projects and underground shit going
on at Ft Carson and NORAD. At this point I had little interest in extra dimensional beings or any sort of metaphysics or
esoteric knowledge or anything. I thought math = there has to be life somewhere, bit due to math, they can't get here.
This cab driver was all in, he was total UFO are real and I've got proof in the back of my cab. That conversation turned
into him pulling over and showing me, in the back of his yellow cab minivan what seem to be super durable aluminum,
it was shiny and very maluable I could crush it and smooth it out very easily but I couldn't tear it at all, he kept trying to
get me to rip it, "tear it, rip it, come on!" but you couldn't it was like anti tear fabric metal I don't know how else to
2/28/2023, 10:50 AM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 769, "chars": 4283, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sirius Disclosure Mail - Greetings
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/?ik=2b3051f140&view=pt&search...
describe it but he had whole box of this shit along with other cardboard boxes full of documentation. Like those legal
boxes with the top that lifts right off.
He showed me the other box and it was filled with manuals that seemed to have been printed by the DoD. It was
printed in the same blue and white manuals as all the other military manuals I had come in contact with during my
service and my tathers service and my brothers service. It would appear that they were DoD manuals and they were
titled "interacting with fringe entities" and it was a very very in depth and super researched documents about how to
interact with extra dimensional beings, what to acquire from the location, what to tell the press, what to do with people
in the surrounding areas, i mean most of this manual wasn't even about the aliens or ship, it was about how to handle
the population surrounding the area that the extra dimensional event happened.
I don't know how real that book was but it was in a very sealed plastic container he opened and gave me one. I flipped
through it not thinking much of it, and he told to keep it hidden because if "they" found out i knew, they will always
know im searching..
Super cryptic, I know, but I was burnt onto my skull how worried for me he seemed to be, so he gives me one of these
blue books and drops me off at the gate at it carson.
Its about a 40 min walk from the gate to my barracks and about 20 mins from the barracks where all of the new
soldiers were staying before being put into their unit.
It would take me a little bit to hobble because my ingrown toenail would hurt so it was usually a slow walk, im walking
past that new I guess introduction barracks building and im stopped dead in my tracks from what I see.
To my left is the barracks, there are people outside smoking cigarettes and shooting the shit, and on the right a bright
orange and red ball slowly rose from what appeared to be behind NORAD, or Cheyenne mountain. On top of NORAD
is a collection of anntena and radio stuff.. this ball of light was larger than the whole radio systems on top of a
mountain. It was pulsing lightly.
I was not the only person that saw it, this was around 10 pm and all the soldiers outside smoking cigarettes all saw it
with me, some of them even pulled out cell phones to record.
The ball started to pulse more difinitve not, like faster, but stronger.. almost as if it was pulsing into this reality is the
best way I can describe this large object
After it pulsed into reality with steady orange and red pulses it seemed like it cooled, the yellows and reds were not as
bright and prominent it seemed to turn lighter idk how to describe it.
So we are standing there baffled, I completely forgot about the weird dude with the book because there was this giant
orb pulsing above a mountain.
The pulsing slows to a stop and I could recognize that I mean this thing had to be huge im at a gate at the bottom of
the mountain outside of a barracks and I can tell from how large this thing is that its rotating above, sort of
methodically like...idk it was like if rotation and pulsing were a place, that place in the sky is where that craft "came
from"
also broke off and there were 3 orb one under the larger one in a straight line above the mountain.
The orbs than began to spin independently and rotate around each other as if there was a thing in the center of the
orbs they were orbiting.
This took prolly 15 mins and I had already, being the only uniformed soldier at the time gone inside to talk to the Sgt
on post at that barracks he came out and wtf wtf wif all the way to him recording his own shitty flip phone footage and
called up to someone about what was going on.
A few moments after that phone call we all saw apache helicopters haul ass towards that mountain as well as what
seemed to be fighters from the air force academy. All of the sudden you saw helicopter lights going toward the 3 orbs.
The orbs began to move I guess back toward behind NORAD and into the hundreds of mountain peaks behind pikes
peak after it went behind we could no longer see anything but military aircraft going behind the mountain
3 of 4
2/28/2023, 10:50 AM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3119, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sirius Disclosure Mail - Greetings
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/?ik=2b3051f140&view=pt&search...
4...
The sgt on post told us it was a training exercise and it was experimental flairs, he then instructed anyone who had
recorded it on their phones to delete because it was evidence of military operations and we were instructed to return
to our barracks.
At that point I said...ok, I guess thats some nifty new tech im never gonna be told about and I continued down the road
to my barracks, this was roughly 1130, 1200
When I got back to my room my toe was throbbing I had to take off my boots and sock and unwrap the bloodied wraps
and soak my foot in medical salt, I do so for about 10 mins, i than re wrap it and went to sleep.
When I woke up the next day it was like someone dropped me, and I feel off my bed really hard actually, as a kid I had
fallen off my bed so I just thought well shit, I guess I haven't grown up, bit from the pit of my stomach I felt like my
entire body had been "ripped back" into my room, like something in my room had been holding on, and I went
somewhere else, somewhere far, and when I woke like a rubber band I snapped back into my room and fell off my
So I got up thought that was weird, and went to take a shower to get ready for formation. And as I unwrapped my
bandages before I went in the shower, I was terrified, I screamed, and then froze to find my ingrown toenail, had been
completely healed, like completely, like I've never had an issue with it ever since, it went from a toenail piercing
through one side of my big toe which was painfully infected to...my toe now which it seems the toe nail is fused
properly to grow properly as well as all the inflammation and pus was gone, nothing my toe is perfect now.
This story stops here, they force so much direct and indirect stress on us I couldn't possible consider this being
something to consider because I had formation and work and drills.
None of this came up again until I started dealing with the ass end of my military career, after my assault from sgt
Rivera Rissario, and after all the bad shit the army did to me, when I came back they did a room inspection where
they didn't take anything from me except that blue DoD manual, they asked me where I got it from, how long I had had
it, if I had made any copies, and if I had told anyone about, to be honest after being assaulted and dealing with that
side of my career I forgot all about it, and they took it.
Thats 1 of 3 incidents I've witnessed, the other two were in public places not enlisted, I saw two squadrons of f18
chase down a ufo in Virginia Beach circa 2011-2012, also saw numerous ufo traveling across country this past few
months
[Quoted text hidden]
My account would be that the stuff that happened to me started at basic training with the FBI / CIA joint operation at
the NCCA facility in Ft Jackson SC, it then goes to me having the ufo incident on barracks that then turned into me
being assaulted by sgt and removed from the military on honorable disability of 30% with an unemplyable clause.
[Quoted text hidden]
4 of 4
2/28/2023, 10:50 AM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1669, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Sat, Mar 11, 2023 at 8:52 AM Josh Z
Dr. Greer, im trying to speak to you directly, man to man, I dont care how. I know that you are incredibly busy with a
spiritual magnitude amount of work and preparation for your presentation in DC.
I will make this as blunt and quick as possible.
I respect you and your work upmost any, with that being said I was involved in
* US government intervention
*military intervention
*CIA and FBI torture
* intricate, particular manipulation of individual
*interactions with 2 individuals deep in the know
*source material from the DoD
*a huge UAP / UFO event reported and covered up by Ft Carson personnel
*possible abduction
*Medical intervention of "unknown" origin
*more government intervention
*forced supena
*due to my disability rating, they never had me sign NDAs
*current events personally / globally
*current extra dimensional studies
I'm a seeker, I always have been, and im a practitioner who was raised a jew, there are a multitude of reasons why
and how this is right now, and thats irrelevant, the only way now, is forward
Tell me how to move forward with you and your research team. I am the movie, I can't explain it, but I can explain
most of it
This is all I've got, all I've had to fight for since 2009, and I've got a feeling the last battle is coming. I need to be in
the trenches with someone I can trust.
Please sir, send me a sign you guys see me, because they already do.
On Thu, Mar 9, 2023, 11:17 PM X
How will you be getting in contact with me?
On Sun, Mar 5, 2023, 2:56 PM witnesses SD
Thanks Josh.
I should be able to reply in some way by end of the week.
wrote:
wrote:
On Fri, Mar 3, 2023 at 5:08 PM Jo

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2418, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
I just want you guys to know I've no intention of speculating what happened to me, I simply want to be on the record
reporting my accounts of being in the US Army. I've got my own ideas id be more than willing to get into, however, my
offical report of the accounts will have absolutely zero speculation.
There is no reason to muddy the waters with uninformed and assumptions, what I saw was absolutely terrifying and
real, but I never said aliens. Im trying to take this all as deathly serious as possible and I just don't want anyone to think
my opinions have anything to do with my reporting of the events
On Mon, Mar 13, 2023, 10:43 AM witnesses SD <
Thanks for your understanding,
wrote:
wrote:
Anna it is all good, there is nothing to apologize for. Im reaching out because i believe what I experienced and had
done to me is important for someone important to know. And I believe Dr Greer is very important. I keep trying to
stay up to date with what Dr. Greer has been talking about by watching his podcasts back to back, to stay relevant to
any conversation as to not waste his time. he keeps saying how important it is for military personnel to come forward
and I go out for a joint and get super paranoid, and try and convince myself that the white unmarked van thats been
following me for 3 blocks since the exit totally has nothing to do with any of this, and when I get home I stress write an
email. Its just, ive been in this fight since 09 at least and when you poke your head out is exactly when shit starts
getting "odd"
I'm not amateur in a lot of these topics, ive been studied in certain knowledge about using personal energy. I feel that
what happened to me, was, because something knew I could bear witness, could over come it, for something. I
believe our two quests are aligned to the same cause and I only meant to show all my cards and throw all my flags in
last act of desperation.
I feel seen now, and I really really appreciate it>
Thank you so much, I hope Dr. Greer has safe travels. And I hope
yall working volunteer or whatever have a good weekend.
On Sat, Mar 11, 2023, 10:27 AM witnesses SD < XXX
XXXXXX› wrote:
Thank you so much for writing, Josh and I"m terribly sorry Dr. Greer has not been back in touch.
He is traveling again, but I have printed out all your emails to share with him.
I'm very sorry for the long delay and just ask for your patience.
1
