{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:31:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 949033, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122868-witness-10491-united-states-7-28-00.pdf", "source_sha256": "24fb0735a8c4dce8ba0d0fe41221ec76da2805671c83bcd9ec1c1dfc0a9d940c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2088, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Re:
Xiterview Confirmed
Date: 7/28/00 2:57:52 AM Eastem Daylight Time
From:
XXXXX0)
Sender:
Reply-to:
To:
CC:
XXXXXh)
(Psi APPLICATIONS Board Members)
File: Unknown (9496 bytes)
DL Time (26400 bps): < 1 minute
Dea
Thank you for the opportunity allowing us to get our important message and information out. I will assemble a small package
to send off to you by Monday of next week. It will contain a short synopsis on myself and an NDE experience I had some 20
years ago which led to the founding of our non-profft foundation Psi APPLICATIONS. It will also contain a brief outline of the
more substantial investigations and events I have been involved in. I will also send you a preview copy of the 1st documentary
video of the
Mt. Adams Series.
Please be aware this is not a final cut. It still needs to make its rounds to a digital editing studio next week which promises
to smooth out the rough technical glitches. This is the first video I have ever produced and accomplished the process with a
simple 'pause & record editing system integrated with Web TV interfacing. It was done on the fly in the interest of presenting
some biographical and documentary evidence on this most fascinating case involving XXXXXX and possible UFO/ETI
activity seemingly linked to him in the Mt. Adams vicinity. I felt its necessity due to the gravity of this case and publicity it
was receiving. I believe I have stumbled upon one of the hottest cases of our current times which may eventually lead to
documentable benevolent contact, with full communication and acknowledgement.
The first video is titled 'Contact At Mt. Adams' and conducts an in-depth interview, with beautiful Mt. Adams as the backdrop.
It details out
ife prior to his NDE, the actual process of the NDE itself, and his meeting with the 'source'. It is
followed by details and events that lead him to his XXX
property and his first UFO/ETI encounter.
A short analysis of the unique dynamics of the case follows, pointing toward a strong possible benevolent (GOD type) contact
Sunday, July 30, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2685, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
experience. In this analysis the area's history is examined and highlights of the second video are featured. This includes a
Yakima Indian Policeman testifying in front of his car, a newspaper article of ongoing UFO events on the Yakima Indian
Reservation, clips of media coverage's, still shots etc...
The second video is titled 'Predominant Documented Incidents' and will detail out the more predominate incidents which have
occurred. Again it will contain an interview on each selected case with supporting documentation featured. This will include
video, stills shots, multiple eye witness testimonies, physical effects upon the environment and body, etc... We have
acquired Adobe 5 Premier Digital Editing Studio software to produce this video and expect to have it completed sometime in
the beginning of September.
Currently we are revamping our website for upcoming features such as yours. We expect completion on this process by the
end of next week. Currently our site is still accessible. However our conversion is modeled behind the NIDS & ISSO sites,
and will have a much more professional appearance, with easy navigation through all areas. Our new design will take into
account the mammoth amounts of future information Psi APPLICATIONS will one day contain through its multiple department
facility covering the entire spectrum of the Paranormal, Spiritual, UFO/ETi fields.
We would be very honored to have you feature our site, videos, and phone number.
The URL is http://psi-app.com Our office and fax number is XXXX
Please be aware that I am taking off for vacation into remote mountain wilderess from August 4th thraugh 12th and will not be
reachable. However if needed you may contact my executive assistant Alan Weiblen. He can relay a message to me if
needed. I may be contacted any time prior to August 4th at my office line or directly on my mobile at XXXXX.
I will call you on the 14th prior to our interview to discuss the parameters of what you would like to focus on during our talk,
based upon the materials I will be sending you.
Looking Forward.....
To Truth & Advancement
SXXXXX
Founder & Managing Director
Psi APPLICATIONS
Humanity's Right To Know!!
http://psi-app.com
- Original Message
From: Weissbach
To:
Sent: Thursday, July 27, 2000 11:22 AM
Subject: XXXXXXXXXXX
Steve,
Your interview is booked for Monday, August 14, 2000 at 9:00 p:m. pacific time. We will call you at
actual interview.
Please send a review copy of your book or video and any other background material to:
Weissbach - The Quest
or the
If you want me to promote a phone number and/or a Website please let me know via retum email.
sunday, july 30, 3000 Campuserve: Drsareer
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1510, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"*=*
If you need to speak with us before the show please call my producer, X
My syndicators Website is www.bpradio.com and The Quest's Website is
I'm looking forward to our talk.
Please confirm receipt of this mail.
Thanks.
or myseif ax
The interview
Please do not use a cordless or cell phone.
Please speak directly into your telephone mouthpiece. For best audio results stay about 1½ to 2 inches from your
telephone mouth piece.
Don't be shy - please speak up! The audience wants to be able to hear your message. This is extremely important - please,
please don't forget!
During our commercial breaks you will not hear any audio feed but you will still be connected - so do not hang up.
At the scheduled time of the interview, we will call you sometime between the top of the hour and 3 minutes past. The
interview will start at precisely 6 minutes past the hour. There are three commercial breaks during each hour. The first will
occur at approximately 15 minutes past the hour. The second break will happen at precisely 29 minutes past the hour. The
third break will be at approximately 45 minutes past the hour and the show will end at precisely 59 minutes past the hour. The
15 and 45 after breaks are floating and I have leeway as to the times to start them. However the 29 and 59 past the hour
breaks are hard and I must break on time. Please be aware of these times and allow me to go into the break with plenty of
time to promote your product or service.
Weissbach
The Quest
Sealtle, WA
Sender.
i:="
