{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:54:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 961189, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122890-witness-10859-steven-greer-supporting-data-for-disclosure-project-1-20-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "2ee41482ef0602575d13cbe0f67c8af449fb82a80c53f95de7c1c308270d2f56"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tootle
lile
witneses
To: Dr. Greer
From:
Datc: 20 Jan.01
Subject: Supporting Data for the Disclosure Project.
Primarily through Internet access, I have followed with great admiration and interest
your continuing efforts with your Disclosure Project. In this regard, I hope that I may be
able to assist vou in gaining further data and support to belter meel your objectives.
Mr.
has recently contacted me with his stated interest in providing you
with key information/data that may be supportive of your Project. This information
emanates from >
Xis expressed current position as Chairman of MJ12
Unfortunately, I cannot verify
Chairmanship as expressed by him, but I
believe it only prudent on my part to directly offer you the opportunity to judge that for
yourself and the data for its relevancy to your Project's goals at this time.
In that regard,
1 can only tell you that 1 have seen
Is copies of the inserts missing from the
MJ12's OM-1 documented by
in his recent book, "Top Secret/
Majic." Obviously, I cannot verify the authenticity of that documentation, but it appears
formal in content and consistent with the basic documentation in format. Additionally,
Mr. Moreno has informed me that that data is only the tip of the iceberg. He has a lot of
other MJ12 and alien/UFO related material, to include original video of Roswell and
other activities.
Because of
s concern for vulnerability on this entire subject at this time, he
prefers to retain anonymity if possible and use me as his conduit, but he may agree to
testify if complete protection were assured
Since you and I are not acquainted, you may properly question my role in this overall
activity, as well as my position or credentials. Briefly, I am presently retired in Largo,
Florida following twenty years locally as a Senior Engineer with Honeywell. Twenty-
eight years military service and retirement from the USAF preceded this. I am also a
current friend of an associate of yours, Cdr.
XX: USN, who also lives locally
following his recent retirement and has discussed your Project with me.
I cannot guide you on this matter beyond the open offer that has been made by
However, because of its overall sensitivity, he prefers some form of dialog with
you prior to any further action on his part. In this regard, we are open to your
suggestions). I also look forward to your reply and hope the contribution offered by him
will prove to be worthwhile to all concerned. You may reply to the address below or call.
Sincerely,
Nega y
Elital
Centact
was intoine
Ariones è Neungwall
