{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:52:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1400954, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122966-donna-hare-nasa-airbrushing-photos-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "721bb95eec29fc7732974a3b1570cb544c6f907d37e570756f86f5154ba95183"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2490, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
03/02/17
Dear Dan,
Thank you for holding my testimony and I appreciate your understanding of my experiences. I have
had my computer compromised to the point where my documents are being erased and I had to retype
my last page to you again. My memoirs have been erased from my computer, but learning from my
work at NASA to keep back up copies, not only hard copies, but more than one thumb drive.
I did check out the name that Hal gave me by going onto that person's face-page and at the time he was
not accepting friends because he had met his limit of friends on Facebook.. That has changed now. I
did send this known person a message requesting his friendship with only stating I met two of his
friends and he accepted me privately as a friend during the time he was blocked of no more friends. So
then Hal and my daughter's client were telling me the truth. I recently know he went on a mission to
the south pole and during that time, I without trying dreamed of what someone saw there.. I saw snow
melting away from an old rock with hieroglyphics on it. Most of the symbols looked like straight line
symbols, but definitely a very ancient writing. I did send this to him via a private message because I
felt compelled to do so, but I do not need or expect a reply from him.
You can share my testimony with Dr. Greer, but I would not want it published now or at least not while
I am alive.
My son is not aware of many of the things I am stating in my memoirs or testimony, so I am only
giving you this information for a later use if needed. John Paul Hare Jr. X
%. He works on
DOD projects, so I am very careful with my conversations with him too. I don't wish to harm his
position at his company, and he is the executor of my will and wants a list of people's names of those I
would want contacted on my death. Also Micheal Cash is a friend, and she says I can give you her
phone number. XX
XXXX
I have decided to list possible groups that might want me gone right now and a list of those that maybe
helping me right now.
Possible Bears(because of technology used)
NRO
HLS
--NSA-
CIA
FBI
ISIS
RUSSIANS
Possible Protectors(because of paranormal use)
Angels From Our Source
Extraterrestrials who have contacted me.
--
-
This all sounds insane I know, and is one reason I don't speak to too many people about my experiences
because "I'm sane enough to know it sounds insane!"
Thank you again for your knowledge, support, and kindnesses.
Sincerely,
tare
Donna Hare
XXXXXXXX
XXX
XXX
XXXXX*

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 691, "chars": 3952, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-
02/16/17
i alfi
TO: Dan Wills
FROM: DONNA MAY HARE (TIETZE)
Dear Dan,
I am writing you this letter to document my experiences I have not made public or told family
of many of these experiences. I have chosen to keep silent for the most part because I don't wish to
cause fear or discord with those I love and care greatly.
All of my life, I have been interested in parapsychology, metaphysics and and Spiritual subject
since a very young age. I had joined organizations like the Rosicrucians, Unity Church, Monroe
Institute tapes, and self teaching and reading all subject matter related to the paranormal. In the 1990s, I
choose to get a degree in Psychology, so I would know the difference of normal, abnormal and
paranormal behaviors of the mind. As far back as I can remember which is very far back; I have had
spontaneous psychic experiences which I realize today I always had and everyone else has this same
sense too...
While attending a Rosicrucian meeting I became friends with someone that worked at NASA
too, and he and I would go to meetings sponsored by another engineer from NASA that studied the
UFO subject matter. This man I will call Dave, which is not his real name, was very much interested in
UFOs, and we became close platonic friends. We were both married to spouses that were not interested
in any of these subjects, so when we would visit, my husband would go to the garage or do his own
interests while we visited. I usually only had other women in my life interested in these subjects, and it
was nice for me to have a male perspective while I was learning. What I discovered is when I connect
to someone to do a reading for them, I am always connected, and on my part this was not an intentional
thing I tried to do. My friend Dave, told me that all his friends are followed and watched and not be
surprised if my phone is tapped. He was working on top secret DOD jobs, and he was not allowed to
discuss his work which he never did, nor did I ever ask him about it. I respect his privacy and would
go to the grave without outing him to the public. This would have to be his choice to come forward as
a witness, and I respect everyone's right to privacy especially the information I acquired from being
connected to him. I was followed, and one day I picked up my land line phone and noticed two agents
talking to each other at Champ David. I said to them Guys!, you maybe able to hear my phone
conversations, but I can hear yours too! Dead silence. they wanted to know. who I was and I said I.... -
hope I don't have any long distant phone calls on my bill! I told them my name and said you better get
this fixed. Now at that time if you needed a phone installed or repaired, it would take about two weeks
to get the work done. Within 15 minutes a man from the phone company was at the top of the pole in
my front yard, and I walked out to see him. He looked down at me with much anger! I walked back
into the house. White cars with tinted windows would follow me and one day I decided to get his
license number. I turned onto my street and as he followed me, I decided at the last moment before
turning into my driveway I would loop around the short block and come up behind him and get his
license plate and then turned into my driveway from behind him. I walked into the house and called
the police department and I told the dispatcher this car was following me and gave her his plates. She
came back on the phone with me and said it was a government car, but that is all she could tell me. I
had a friend that told me that they don't like to get their pictures taken, so with an empty camera in
hand I stepped out my back door and started letting him think I was taking his picture. He immediately
drove off. I would get my picture taken from them having a telephoto lens, or I would hear the clicking
of a camera and turn while even in a store. I finally asked someone that I knew was connected to the
Page 1 of 8A

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 857, "chars": 4712, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
surveillance, why? If they want, I will submitted and cooperate if they need my picture I will go to a
studio and let them photography me all they want. He said, they want to capture you in your natural
environment. Wow, like I am a wildebeest in the wild? Another time, two men from one of the UFO
meetings asked if we could talk at my home, so I invited them to my home knowing my husband would
be there and also knowing they are what as known as Spooks. Both men were wearing white shirts and
black slacks and some type of radio on their belt. Since I have not done anything wrong and wanted to
speak with them too I told them to meet me at my home. We talked about UFOs and they told me
about seeing two cars merge and pass through each other with this green light surrounding both
vehicles. They both seemed more afraid then interested in just talking to me, and one of them said, it
would not be good for me to continue talking about the UFO pictures I had seen at NASA. They didn't
say it in a threatening way, but let me know I shouldn't talk about it. I said, well I already rang the bell,
my family and friends know, and I have done talks on the internet about my experiences with many
other people. I sensed they were both very nervous and uncomfortable, so like always I try to lighten
the situation with a dumb joke. My husband was in the garage using a loud power tool to take the back
part of the Volkswagen bolt off, and I told them both, "O that's my husband building a UFO!" At the
same time, they both started to jump up to go see, and when I saw they believed me, I said, "I was just
kidding, he is working on our Volkswagen." My thoughts about these two men, how were they at the
right place at the right time to see two cars pass through each other unless they knew a head of time this
was going to happen. They both seemed very frightened... somewhat like shell shock or an air of fear
that is part of their very soul, and do they really think it is easy to build a UFO in my home garage?
Now all this time I figured it was because of Dave who worked for the government, but I finally
realized, they were looking at me too. My friend Dave asked me, if I would work for a group of people
that I would not know or be-able to say and keep secret I worked for them. While he was saying this to
me, I had a distant memory of my brother chasing me as a young girl around the Battle Ship of Texas,
while my parents looked at the ship. I jumped a chain with a sign on it that said "KEEP OUT" and I
stopped running just at the dark back part of the room dividing the light part of the room appeared. Not
seeing the floor just in front of me, I abruptly stopped! I got down on my knees and started feeling
around and felt this large opening in the floor. I took a jumbo heavy safety pen off my skirt that I used
in place of a button and dropped it in the hole. It took a long time before I heard it splash in that deep
dark hole of hell. It was an opening to the ship's bilge, and I quivered in fright of what almost
happened to me. My lesson for that day was look before I leap! So when I was asked this question
about not knowing who or what I would be working for, this memory allowed me to answer with.. I
would not leap before I look, or work for people I didn't know-or decide to keep secret without
knowing them. I explained I could be doing some great evil and not even know what I was actually
doing! He understood what I was saying and we moved on to other subjects. After, other many things
of being followed, I decided to distance myself from him, not that I was worried about me doing
wrong, I didn't wish to jeopardize his working position. I noticed over time, there was less and less
surveillance of me and my family, so I moved on with my life.
Dr. Greer found me and to this day I'm not sure if he heard about me via the internet, but my
phone number was unlisted, and I had a PO Box for my mail. He questioned me over the phone and
asked if I would be a witness for the CSETI Disclosure Project. I agreed to do so, and I had heard of
him and realized his CE5 protocol is the exact same thing I was told by two individuals years betore
that I believe were from another world, only two things were added to what I got from them in
contacting beings were these two things: You cannot be afraid or it stops the communication and those
sending the request need to hold hands with each other. After I was a CSETI witness, I did not notice
any problems within my life of being followed or made to feel uneasy for a long time. In fact, I had
things happen that were real accidents about to occur and something or someone of the paranormal type
helped me from being harmed.
Page 2 0f8 lik

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 831, "chars": 4636, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One example, My friend and I were entering the freeway in my new car and my friend Goldie
was in the passenger side of my vehicle. When I was almost beside and just three lanes over from a
large flat bed truck entering the freeway, the strap holding the very large round pipes popped off and
the pipes started bouncing at my car. Just as the strap broke on my right, a bright carbon arch light
flashed from the sky on my left and instantly the pipes and everything started moving in slow motion.
Everything was happening so siow I was able to navigate around and through the bouncing slow
moving pipes. I started getting a sense that someone upstairs was protecting me weather it be angels or
extraterrestrials I didn't know, but I was grateful. I felt safe and did not worry about my physical safety,
and even more another near real accident I had been guided mentally and avoided another moving
object in slow motion from a truck. I was able to navigate and not only protect me, but others behind -
*my car. I managed to go around this large metal slow moving object and not be killed or injured. I
found the beginning of a health problem by doing readings for others, and many more natural not
designed accidents or health issues. I was also set up to commit a crime and be arrested, but just in
time I realized it was a set up and didn't fall for it. I regularly rode my bike several blocks each
morning on McDonald street. As I was riding my bike on my right side on the ground was a magazine
opened facing me with child pornography on it. It was placed at the intersection where the school bus
picks up our kids. I passed it and was thinking I had to get that away from that area and was too upset
to just throw it away in the trash, so I thought I would burn it in my fireplace. Just as I was about to
reach it on my return trip back home, I saw a police car with a cop hidden near by watching me. I
continued and passed the child pornography magazine without stopping or touching it. When I saw the
cop, I knew it was a set up because he knew the porn was there! IfI would have been arrested for
something like that I would never have gotten to be a teacher and of course my life would have been
destroyed. The next day I told my professor in my criminal law class and he being a former police
officer was livid! He wanted to know the details and which police department and I believe he did
intercede with that police department for me. He told me yes, you would have been arrested for having
it on you.
Then around 2008, not sure about dates, but after I had gone on UFO Hunters, and other
documentaries shown on History and Discovery channels talking about NASA knowledge and cover-up
of this subject which was a reiteration of my testimony at the Press Club for CSETI disclosure. This
happened to me on the way to work. I would always arrive at work early in the morning before school
started to get copies and arrange my class and lessons for my students for the day. I would leave my
home at Sam before day light each morning and travel down Dixie Farm road, toward highway-145..
Dixie Farm road and Beamer roads are widened now, but during the time I traveled them there were no
street lights, two lane road, and grassy fields on both sides of Dixie Farm road, along with deep ditches
lining it on both sides. These tall grass fields on each side helped make fog more dense and heavier
than a normal fog. A Brio plant closed down on the left side near the corner of Beamer because it had
contaminated our area with radioactive waste. At 5 am in the morning it was still dark outside and
going down Dixie Road in the early morning, fog was very think at times to the point I could only
travel 5 or 10 miles an hour, and see only a foot a head of me while focusing oniy on the right side of
the road's edge, not even a white line down the middle it at the time. I came to the light at Beamer and
could see only a dim red glow around the light. Just as the light turned green I started to go, and I
heard a man's voice in my head, not the voice of my own thoughts say. "Don't Go!" Instead of moving
my car the voice was so authoritative I didn't move my car! Just as I would have been in the middle of
crossing Beamer I saw a white car, with no lights, no sound, fly and I mean fly by me as if a rocket or a
streak of metal. If I would have gone on the green light that car would have hit me in my driver's side
door at a very high impact. Needless to say, I know I would have been killed! When it passed my
intersection it kept going and was out of my sight almost immediately again. It was a drone car, and
Page 3 of 8 Ll

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 838, "chars": 4689, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
while I knew at this point someone was wanting to kill me, I also felt safe too that someone upstairs, be
it aliens or angels were protecting me just like in the real almost accidents. I continued to tell my
experiences at NASA when asked, and will do because this "PISSED ME OFF!" and I am even more
determined to complete what ever I am suppose to complete in this life before I do leave it. I did get
hang up calls and other events I am sure were suppose to intimidate me, but for some reason, call it
pure ignorance on my part those types of tricks just piss me off and make me more determined to
continue testifying of my experience. Nothing to my knowledge happened along the lines of a drone
car for sometime after this event, or at least I was not made aware of any attempts.
Since 2011 I moved to my current apartments and it is mostly filled with immigrants from India,
Mexico, Arabia and Asia. I smile and enjoy the diversity of our population at my apartments, just
occasionally. I smell a type of cooking that upsets my stomach, but I'm sure my heavily laid-en garlic
spaghetti is offensive to others too, but for the most part everyone is very nice and cordial. I started
getting lots of hang up calls and calls trying to scam me out of money, usually from another country or
electronic calls from complexes here in the states with dead silence or a strange Arabic man. I kept
getting calls trying to scam me out of money, so often I recognized his voice, and now I have an app on
my cell phone called Hiya that doesn't allow electronic or callers without id to even ring my phone. It
does show me a list of those people trying to contact, but failed only. I noticed the man that lived up
stairs from me was friends with two other Arab males that lived in a triangular position in my
apartments. The Arab man that lived over my apartment his dinning room was over my dinning room.
I noticed my ceiling was titled back to the center of my apartment and realized his flooring must have
been titled too. Occasionally, I would here a loud crash as if he were lifting weights and maybe was
tired and let the weights just drop. This heavy set Arab man tried to start a conversation with me while
I was entering my car to go to a luncheon. I had my hair up in hot curlers and planned to take them out
when I got to the luncheon. He said, "Nice hair do!" and before I turned around to look at him I was
saying "Thank you, I wear it like this every morning!" When I turned to make eye contact with him
after entering my car he was looking at me with such hate and vile, and there is no doubt in my mind he
would have chopped my head off if he had a sword. I realized I was suppose to take his comment to
heart and feel bad, but I'm always happy and give a positive response to people no matter what they say
to me. At the time I had no idea that these Arab men were listening to all my conversations on my cell
phone and trying to hack my computer, and even stole my mail because I had a missing check for a bill
stolen out of my apartment mailbox, and my bank told me a foreign concern was trying to hack my
banking account.
When I decided to go to one of my last CSETI Ambassador training in Oct. of 2011 I made
flight, hotel, and car rental reservations over my cell phone. I flew to the training and my room had a
huge glass wall facing the mountains with a glass sliding door in it. I checked in with the CSETI group
got the agenda paper and instructions to the first site. The second night after I was there coming back
from our group, I noticed my glass sliding door was opened approx.3 inches. I have always been
careful to lock doors behind me and realized someone had gone into my room while I was not there.
So I went down to the managers office and asked him if the maids go into the rooms in the evenings?
He said, No all our staff leaves at 4pm during the day. Nothing was taken from my room except my
CESTI agenda sheet. That night, we went out again, I came back to my room and the door again was
left open approx. 3 inches. I bought a knife at the store and slept with it, setting my luggage up near
the glass sliding door with the curtains pulled to make sure if someone came into my room when I was
sleeping I would hear them knock over my luggage, and at least I would have a fighting chance to
protect myself. I slept very lightly that night without getting the restful sleep I needed. I again went out
with our CSETI group and while still daylight I saw a man running behind a distant sand dune with a
pair of binoculars around his neck and wearing a white T shirt. I asked Dr. Greer who was the security
for the night and it was Ricky Buttertass.
Page 4 of 8o3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 880, "chars": 4742, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
He and other men from our group walked out toward the dunes and didn't go as far out as needed
because on their way back to our circle that man started running back to his car. I don't believe he flew
there but drove to our training. I did mention to Dr. Greer in one of our group meetings my hotel door
was being opened and he stated that they try to intimidate people in our group and everyone in the
group gets this type of harassment. I told him this is not intimidating me it is pissing me off, and he
said that is what they want too. The last day I was there I secretly went down and talked to the
manager of the hotel and asked him if the maids could move my luggage from my room to another
room with a solid wood door on it because I knew my trip back to Texas was going to be tiring, and I
needed a good nights rest, and they did this for me. I got home and the very first night I was back from
my training, my apartment door locks were broken. I saw my bottom lock was completely hanging and
the top lock I have to lock from within my apartment was worked on too, but without successfully
allowing them fo open my door. I realized at this point, the same guy that lived over me was the same
Arab guy who hates me and was the man I saw running behind the dunes. I had my locks fixed and
added two more to my glass sliding door and wooden door. I started watching him and his friends
more closely. When I sold my home in Pearland, Texas, my Realtor asked me, "do I want the Feds to
clean it before it comes to my bank account, and I said sure rather than wait for tax time to justify this
amount of money. When it was deposited into my account this same Arab guy who I started
recognizing his voice called me and said he was from the FBI and I was flagged because, he stated the
exact amount of money I got for selling my home was illegal. I got the call and immediately knew he
was not from the FBI and the money had already been cleared and in my account, I cussed him out! I
mean I had no idea that I even knew the words that came out of my mouth in a continuous flow while
at the same time over talking his threats and pleas that he was really who he said he was. Another time
I had to have repairs done on my car and I had left my credit card number at that shop with the
mechanics. The mechanics called me and said the amount was going to be 5,000 dollars to fix my car
and since my car was not valued at that amount I would have to pay in advance for the repairs. So I
said OK go ahead and repair my car, but put it on my Amex card. Moments after I told the mechanic, I
receive a text from American Express stating there was a cliche in my last charge of 5,000 dollars, and I
would need to put my cards numbers in that text again. This text was formatted with an Amex Logo,
and I started putting in my credit card numbers in this formatted text, and just when I was almost
finished, 1 remembered American Express lets us know they do not ask for our credit card numbers! So
I stopped and decided to call the shop again, and I asked them did my last charge go through for you?
He said no problem, it did! So I realized these terrorists were not only listening to my phone
conversations but trying to access my banking accounts, credit cards and scam me out of information
and funds. And they also have advanced electronic surveillance equipment they use continually. I had
gotten a post office box because our mail was being stolen from our apartments and so all my bills and
other important documents would not be as easily accessible. I saw that these people, change places of
residence, cars and have even recruited criminals in their terrorist plans. One of the female terrorists in
full black burka without the veil followed me to my post office. She let me know she was following
me, so I decided to make many turns and the entire time she followed me. I pulled into my post office
and she pulled up beside me, but before I turned off my engine I decided to park in another location in
the parking lots so I could keep my eye on my car while getting my mail. She pulled her car beside my
next spot too, but never got out of her car all the while making sure I knew she was watching me.
When I got out of my car I watched her watch me to see which box I was going to, and I even waved at
her while she was looking at me. She waved back! When I went back to my car I let her know I went
behind her car and wrote her license number down. I got in my car and went home, but that same
evening while visiting my daughter, her husband got a text from a friend stating that ISIS was spray
painted on my post office building, and since I had just told them about her following me there I said,
"ARE YOU KIDDING ME?"
Page 5 of 814*

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 848, "chars": 4703, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I immediately, got in my car and went and checked Jollyville post office to make sure it had
been spray painted on its white brick wall, and it was. I came home and reported to the FBI my
experience with her following me that day, and also her license number to the FBI. I know these
terrorists switch cars, and living places with each other, so I was pretty sure the car she was in may
have been connected to a perfectly innocent person, but I was told by the postal clerk the FBI did come
out and investigate the situation even though I was never question by them after my report. I decided if
I don't start reporting what I am seeing even if I am wrong, than I become part of it. See something,
say something! I sleep in 4 to 5 hour increments as I get older, so sometimes I get up in early morning
hours and nap sometime during the day. I saw the three Arab men no longer would visit with each
other in the court yard, and the third Arab man was gone or at least not out and around. The man
above me kept to himself, and the taller thinner Arab man parked his car in my parking lot and while I
was leaving one day the heavy set hater Arab stood back away from his car, so I could not tell which
car belonged to him, (there seems to be several cars the same color and model) and as I was leaving my
parking lot I looked in my review mirror and he was taking a shoulder strapped oblong box out of the
back of his trunk when I drove off. Then a few cars down on my left I saw his friend loading a large
leather briefcase with the impressions of pipes in the soft worn brown leather case into his car trunk. I
would guess approximate 6 or more pipes in his large suitcase, and when he walked with it, he stood
straight and even though he tried to make out his load was not heavy, I could tell it was very heavy by
his deliberate walking and hardened posture. I realized these guys have been building pipe bombs for
over a year and those weights I heard the hater Arab dropping were really pipe bombs rolling off his
table above me. I know someone that still works at NASA and he told me to write everything down
and send it to him because the electronics there are now monitored by Homeland Security and he
knows one of the men there that would handle the information. I was concerned that our agencies don't
communicate between themselves, but he assured me they did. I sent him the letter electronically to his
government email and that same evening these two Arabs at approx. 3 am in the morning while I was
awake and on my porch were quickly loading the trunks of their cars while they were parked in the
parking lot across from my building in the far back lot. I was able to see through an opening between
the court yard and apartment units. They were transporting items out, but I'm not sure what they were
packing, but they were in a hurry. I have not heard anymore crashing of pipes or weights over my
apartment since then, nor have I seen them, and while I still get loads of electronic hang up calls, my
Hiya AP is blocking and just listing them, and I could also tag my calls as spam, or fraud. I got a
message from Hiya, that I helped stop over 3000 scam callers, not sure if that is is accurate or just a
promotional phrase.
About a year ago, I was doing more pod casts for people all over the world and being asked to
talk about photos at Nasa, and also one Net Flex movie "Aliens on the Moon" which I appeared. The
last two attempts of harm to me were after this movie came out. I was sitting on my porch at my
apartments and there is a large circular court yard in the middle of it the size of a football field. I was
looking up in the sky and noticed a large dark helicopter circling my court yard very close to the our
roofs. While I was sitting there I could see the side large door of the helicopter was open and I saw a
rusty reddish colored large gun like object pointing my direction. My porch has a metal fence on it that
comes to just under my breasts. The helicopter had already made a couple of circles around my
apartment court yard and when I saw the gun, I immediately got up and rushed inside my apartment
that is made of cinder blocks, and I stood behind my living room wall. I realized this gun was aimed at
me for only a moment, but I was still concerned I may have been shot with a cancer causing gun. I also
realized that if it were shot at me the top part of my left arm or top part of my body would have gotten
targeted because the metal fence on my porch would have blocked most of my lower body. My friend
Michelle Cash came over and I was telling her if I get cancer in my left arm remember what 1 am
telling you about the helicopter targeting me.
Page 60f8 ALt

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 818, "chars": 4553, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
She is into many things I am interested in, so I did talk to her about the possibility of being
target with a cancer causing ray. I went on and decided I would not worry and hope I was mistaken
about the helicopter shooting at me. Not too long after this I went to my doctor for my yearly check
up, and she suggested I go to an eye doctor, and dermatologist for a check up because I was older and
have not been to any of these types of doctors in a long time. I have no problems with my eyes and can
see better in the distance than even my daughter, and my insurance doesn't pay very much toward
payments for these extra services and large expenses don't fit into my budget. I did have a spot on the
top of my head that was dried scalp, and I believed because I had changed hair color it may have
caused my problem. I went to the dermatologist, and she said the spot on my head was fine and normal
for an older person. I was getting ready to leave her office, and I really had forgotten about the
helicopter experience, and she asked me if I had ever had a full.body check for caricer. Isaid no, I had
not. I no sooner was disrobed and she said, this dark spot on the top of your left arm has to come out!
She showed me a small dark spot that I would never have noticed and the next day they performed a
biopsy by using a plug like gun and pulled it out, after two small stitches I went home remembering my
experience with the helicopters and what I had told Michelle. The doctor called me after a few days
and said, yes it was the beginning of cancer and the plug showed they had gotten it all because of the
healthy flesh around it they had extracted.
I wanted to continue learning and using phi abilities, so I joined a Meet-Up group at INACS
Institute for Neuroscience and Consciousness Studies. They were offering a remote viewing class
modeled atter the government training program called Stargate. I went for almost a year and had good
success using their protocois, but 1 came to the conclusion 1 use the same part of my mind as 1 do when
I do readings and other intended phi sense. My conscious thinking mind is completely blank. I found
like the CES and other uses of this sense, I am only successful when I'm not using my conscious mind
because I get the answers or images when I'm not trying to get the images or answers, hopefully this
makes sense.
My daughter Monnie has a beauty salon and called me in September 2016 at my apartment in
the middle of the day and asked me to come up to the shop and talk to one of her clients and her client's
friend about the UFO subject. I was very tired that day and wanted to be nice and talk to people that
are interested in the subject, so I never refuse to speak with people asking me questions about my
testimony. I met them at my daughter's beauty salon, and we left and went to a coffee shop. My
daughter's female client introduced me to her friend Hal. Hal was an older gentleman and told me he
was meeting me on behalf of another person he is working with, and since this other person could not
go public they both wanted me to add things to my memoirs at their request. The person he was
working with I will not mention here because he is still working deep in government programs on
secret program and cannot talk publicly. The person he is working with is known and recognized all
over the world, and I will not say his name because it may destroy this person's work or possibly get
him murdered. He said this person, I will call Bill (Not his real name)wanted him to check me out and
make sure I was a real witness. Also, he said, Bill wanted me to write in my book how NASA keeps it
secret about the UFO information, which I told him I would because I knew it was compartmentalized,
and I witnesses first hand this cover-up. Then he said that he and Bill would help me with the
technology of part of my book, and I told him as far as technology was concerned I was not part of the
technology at NASA only the graphics and my own discoveries and inventions of that type of work, so
I wouldn't be able to place it in my memoirs because I didn't experience it first hand and it would no
longer be my memoirs but hear-say and I would have to document in my memoirs it was hear-say and
also how I got the information. He seemed very upset I didn't want to know more about what he was
saying on the technology part and I tried to explain, I am not skilled in Mathematics, so I'm sure it
would be over my own understanding. He went to the rest room and his lady friend, my daughter's
Page 7 of 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 792, "chars": 4426, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
client wanted me to put in my book how women were treated in those days, and I said, yes, NASA was
a very patriarchal male dominated organization, which I told her I would include a few of my own
personal experiences of being discriminated against because I was a woman. Hal came back from the
bathroom and showed me very clear slides of UFOs, and I assumed were over Mexico and I thanked
him for showing them to me, but even though he had told me who he was working with I didn't know
who he was at the time, and since we were only were on first name bases I didn't think I would talk to
him again. The first night just after meeting with Hal, I went to my INACS class. They were having a
lecture and slides of friends and other people the INACS people know and work. There was Hal's
picture who had never come to any of our meetings at INAC and for the first time during the meeting I
realized who Hal was and his last name. I also knew from the photos that some of the people at INACS
knew him. I came home and put his name Harold Puthoff in my computer and realized he had à lab
near by INACS and that he was a parapsychologist! I also read his history on his pages and wanted to
send him a text, but his only email address was on a web page I could get in contact with him was at
earthtech.org by text. There was a spot on that web page where you could send him some ideas or
proposals of zero point energy technology you maybe working. The moment I started writing him on
that page my computer all of a sudden froze to a white page screen with black type saying it was being
held by a Moscow mobile server and it gave an IP number and some more numbers and it would not let
me disconnect from its page. In fact, I was concerned what ever had hacked his page was sending me a
virus to me too because the only way I could disconnect from my internet server was to cold boot my
computer by holding the turn off button till the count of ten before it went off. I immediately called
Hal's office number and an answering machine picked up, so I left all the information on his phone and
immediately called a friend at INACS to contact him so they could be aware his site was breached.
This all occurred I believe in September of last year.
I have been interviewed on different web pod shows, and Dan and I were on one together
recently, Before that I was interviewed by Linda Moulton Howe, and other top UFO investigators
known for their work in UFO disclosure and they had asked me if I was writing a book and I said yes,
originally for family only, but I had decided after a few requests to go public with it when finished. The
day after Christmas 2016, I was sitting on my porch and it was a bright clear day. I noticed not a soul
was in the court yard of my apartments when a large white hand remote helicopter drone came from the
back parking lot of my apartments over the large oak tree in between me and the direction of the back
lot and came right up to within 20 feet of me. It was hovering so close I could see the square mirrored
glass flicking into place to be aimed at me. I could not see who was flying it, and it came quickly at me
before I could react. I remember seeing the movie Snowden and the NSA uses the small hovering
drones to fly close to you for surveillance, but the thought came to me it could be another object to
shoot me with a cancer ray. As it was turning to direct its square glass lens at me, I jumped up and
again ran into my living room to stand behind the cinder block wall. I'm not sure if I made it
completely this time without getting hit, and I may have been too late in escaping, not sure.
I do want to state in this document that I am a happy person, not depressed, not suicidal, but
somewhat pissed, but only to the point of giving me more resolve to continue doing what I feel is the
right thing to do in my life. I am not sure who wants me off this earth now, and if its because of my
persistent testimony to the public about our visitors, or exposing those controlling, cheating, using,
destroying our democracy, my efforts will be more energized and any difficulties given me because of
my actions will reward me knowing I am poking the bear and possibly doing some good,. I love my
lite, my tamily, my friends and our country. I swear this 8 page testimony
Vanna-
8 of8
MICHELLE RENE PETERSON
= Notary Public, State of Texas
Comm. Expires 01-08-2028
Notary ID 130490146
32•17
