{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:10:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 893081, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122915-catherine-austin-fittes-norco-dollars-for-beginners.pdf", "source_sha256": "284afe5d2e6eaba1c9532e1eb7dd877c29d04a79b5bc22144099be13a7bbecea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 743, "chars": 4369, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Republished from
Narco News
October 24, 2001
http://www.narconews.com
(Originally published as Narco-Dollars for Dummies)
Narco-Dollars for Beginners
yesterday aftemoon while Al was cutting my hair about
whether the Solari Index in my old neighborhood was 0
percent (my position) or 10 percent (Al's position). Men
always think it is higher than women.
Despite the boy-girl spread between us, it is fair to say that Al
and I agree that the Solari Index is in the tank —-both in the
streets of Philadelphia and throughout America.
How the Money Works in the Illicit Drug Trade
By Catherine Austin Fitts
Special to the Narco News Bulletin
Life on the street ain't sweet any more. I watched the slide of
the Solari Index as a child. A lot of it had to do with narcotics
trafficking and the people that narco dollars put in power on
our streets - and in city hall, in the banks, in Congress and the
corporations and investors down town and that ring the city.
/Narco Nens Publisher's Note: Catherine Austin Fitts is a former
managing director and member of the board of directors of Dillon Read
ér Co, Inc, a former Assistant Secretary of Housing-Federal Housing
Commissioner in the first Bush Administration, and the former
President of The Hamilton Securities Group, Inc, She is the President of
Solari, Inc, an investment advisory firm formed to provide venture capital
for solaris, neighborhood investment advisors and databanks. Solari
provides risk management services to investors through Sanders Research
Associates in London.]
Part One: Solari Down, Dow Up
"The Latin American drug cartels have stretched their
tentacles much deeper into our lives than most people
believe. It's possible they are calling the shois at all levels of
government."
- William Colby, former CLA Director, 1995
My mission is to see the Solari Index return to 100 percent
and to do so in a manner that moves the Dow up and our
debt per person down and makes me and my partners a
whole pile of money.
A few years back when my efforts to improve the Solari
Index were threatening to reduce narcotics profits in a few
places, I discovered that I could not look to the enforcement
or the judicial establishment funded with my tax dollars to
protect me. Narco dollars had the upper hand throughout
government and the legal establishment.
That's when I decided that I would have to learn how the
money works on the drug trade.
Here is what I have learned that has been useful to me-- and
may help you have a better map of how narco dollars impact
you, your business, your family and the Solari Index in your
neighborhood.
A Simple Framework
The Economics of Production:
The Solari Index and the Dow Jones Index
Sam and Dave Do Boat Loads of White Agricultural
Substances
The Solari Index is my way of estimating how well a place is
doing. It is based upon the percentage of people in a place
who believe that a child can leave their home and go to the
nearest place to buy a popsicle and come home alone safely.
When I was a child growing up in the 1950's at 48th and
Larchwood in West Philadelphia, the Solar Index was 100
percent. It was unthinkable that a child was not safe running
up to the stores on Spruce Street for a popsicle and some
pinball The Dow Jones was about 500, the Solari Index was
100 percent and our debt per person was very low. Of course
I did not think about it that way at the time. All I knew was
that life on the street with my buddies was sweet.
Okay, let's start at ground zero. It is 1947, and World War II
is over. America is ready to go back to work to build the
corporate economy. We are in New Orleans on the docks.
Two boats pull into the docks. The first boat is full of a white
agricultural product grown in Latin America called sugar. The
owner of the cargo, lets call him Sam, sells his boat load of
white agricultural substance to the sugar wholesaler on the
docks for how much money?
Ok, so let's say that Sam sells his entire boatload of sugar to
the sugar wholesaler on the docks for X dollars.
Today, the Dow Jones is over 9,000, debt per person is over Now, after Sam pays his workers and all his costs of growing
$100,000 and my favorite hairdresser in Philadelphia, Al at the and transporting the sugar, and after he and his wife spend
Hair Hut in West Philadelphia, and I just had a debate
the weekend in New Orleans and he pays himself a bonus

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 842, "chars": 4679, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and buys some new harvest equipment and pays his taxes,
how much cash does he have left to deposit into his bank
account? Or, another way of saying this is: What is Sam's net
cash margin on his sugar business?
Well, it depends on how lucky and hard working and smart
Sam is, but let's say that Sam has worked his proverbial you
know what off and he makes around 5-10 percent. Sam the
sugar man has a 5-10 percent cash profit margin. Let's call
Sam's margin S for slim or SLIM PERCENTAGE.
Back on the docks, the second boat-—an exact replica of the
boat carrying Sam's sugar—-is a boat carrying Dave's white
agricultural product called drugs. In those days this was more
likely to be heroin, these days more likely to be cocaine.
Whatever the precise species, the planting, harvesting and
production of this white agricultural substance, Dave's drugs,
are remarkably like Sam's sugar.
Ok, so if Sam the sugar man sold his sugar to the sugar
wholesaler for X dollars, how much will Dave the drug man
sell his drugs to the drug wholesaler for? Well, where Sam is
getting pennies, Dave is getting bills. If Sam had sales of X
dollars, let say that Dave had sales of 50-100 times X. Dave
may carry the same amount of white stuff in a boat but from
a financial point of view, Dave the drug man has a lot more
"sales per boat" than Sam the sugar man.
Now, after Dave pays his workers and all his costs of growing
and transporting the drugs, and after he and his wife spend
the weekend in New Orleans and he pays himself a bonus
and buys some new harvest and radar equipment and spends
what he needs on bribes and bonuses to a few enforcement
and intelligence operatives and retainers to his several law
firms, how much cash does he have left to deposit into his
bank account? Or, another way of saying this is what is
Dave's net cash margin on his drug business?
It's also going to be a multiple of Sam's margin, right? Maybe
it will be 20 percent or 30 percent or more? Let's call it B for
Big, or BIG PERCENTAGE. Dave the drug man has a much
bigger "cash profit per boat" than Sam the sugar man. Part of
that is, of course, once Dave has set up his money laundering
schemes, even after a 410 percent take for the money
laundering fees, it's fair to say his tax rate of 0 percent is
lower than Sam's tax rate. While it is expensive to set up all
the many schemes Dave might use to launder his money,
once you do it you can save a lot avoiding some or all of the
IRS's take.
Look at your estimate of Sam and Dave's sales and profits.
Now answer for yourself the following questions.
Who is going to get laid more, Sam or Dave?
Who is going to be more popular with the local bankers, Sam
or Dave?
Who is going to have a bigger stock market portfolio with a
large investment house, Sam or Dave?
Who is going to donate more money to political campaigns,
Sam or Dave?
Whose wife is going to be bigger in the local charities, Sam or
Dave's?
Whose companies will have more prestigious law firms on
retainer, Sam or Dave's?
Who is going to buy the other's company first, Sam or Dave?
Is Dave the drug man going to buy Sam the sugar man's
company, or is Sam the sugar man going to buy Dave the
drug man's company?
When they want to buy the other's company, will the bankers,
lawyers and investment houses and politicians back Sam the
sugar man or Dave the drug man?
Whose son or grandson has a better chance of getting into
Harvard or getting a job offer at Goldman Sachs, Sam or
Dave's?
Don't listen to me. And don't listen to Peter Jennings, Dan
Rather or Tom Brokaw. Who do you think pays their salaries?
Who owns the companies they work for? Sam or Dave?
Don't listen to anyone else. Think about the numbers and
listen to your heart. What do you believe?
There is very little about how the money works on the drug
trade that you cannot know for yourself by coming to grips
with the economics over a fifty-year period of Sam and Dave
and their boatloads of white agricultural substance. It is the
magic of compound interest
As one of my former partners used to say, "Cash flow is more
important than your mother."
Many Boatloads Later
It's more than fifty years now since the boats transporting
Sam and Dave's white agricultural products docked in New
Orleans. I don't know what the Narco National Product
(Solari's term for that portion of the GNP coming from narco
dollars) was in 1947, but lets say it was a billion dollars or less.
Today, the Narco National Product is estimated to be about
$400 billion globally and about $100 billion plus in the United
States.
It helps to look at the business globally as the United States is
the world leader in global money laundering. According to

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 799, "chars": 4886, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Department of Justice, the US launders between $500
billion - $1 trillion annually. I have little idea what percentage
of that is narco dollars, but it is probably safe to assume that
$100-200 billion relates to US drug import-exports and retail
trade.
Ok, so let's think about how much Sam and Dave have in
accumulated profits in their bank and brokerage accounts.
Let's assume that the US narco national product in 1947 was
$1 billion and it has grown to about $150 billion today.
Assume a straight line of growth from $1 billion to $150
billion, so the business grows about $3 billion a year and then
tops out at $150 billion as the Solari Index has bottomed out
at or neat 0 percent. America is about as stoned on illegal
drugs as it can get, and growth in Schedule II substances has
moved to Ritalin and other cocaine-like drugs for kids that
government programs and health insurance will now finance.
Let's take the BIG PERCENT margin that we estimated for
Dave the drug man's net cash margin. Let's say that every year
from 1947 through 2001, that the cash flow sales available for
reinvestment from drug profits grew by $3 billion a year,
throwing off that number times BIG PERCENT. Okay,
assume that the reinvested profit grew at the compound
growth rate of the Standard & Poor's 500 as it got reinvested
along the way.
That amount is an estimate for the equity owned and
controlled by those who have profited in the drug trade. Total
narco dollars. How much money is that? I made an Excel
spreadsheet once to estimate total narco capital in the
economy.
My numbers showed that Dave the drug man had bought up
not only Sam's companies, but - if you throw in other
organized crime cash flows—-a controlling position in about
most everything on the New York Stock Exchange.
When you think about it, this analysis makes sense. The folks
with the BIG PERCENT -- big cash margin - would end
up rich and in power and the guys working their you-know-
what off for SLIM PERCENT — a low cash margin —
would end up working for them.
A Real World Example:
NYSE's Richard Grasso and the Ultimate New Business
""Cold Call"
Lest you think that my comment about the New York Stock
Exchange is too strong, let's look at one event that occurred
before our "war on drugs" went into high gear through Plan
Colombia, banging heads over narco dollar market share in
Latin America.
In late June 1999, numerous news services, including
Associated Press, reported that Richard Grasso, Chairman of
the New York Stock Exchange flew to Colombia to meet
with a spokesperson for Raul Reyes of the Revolutionary
Armed Forces of Columbia (FARC), the supposed "narco
terrorists" with whom we are now at war.
The purpose of the trip was "to bring a message of
cooperation from U.S. financial services" and to discuss
foreign investment and the future role of U.S. businesses in
Colombia.
Some reading in between the lines said to me that Grasso's
mission related to the continued circulation of cocaine capital
through the US financial system. FARC, the Colombian
rebels, were circulating their profits back into local
development without the assistance of the American banking
and investment system. Worse yet for the outlook for the US
stock market's strength from $500 billion - $1 trillion in
annual money laundering - FARC was calling for the
decriminalization of cocaine.
To understand the threat of decriminalization of the drug
trade, just go back to your Sam and Dave estimate and
recalculate the numbers given what decriminalization does to
drive BIG PERCENT back to SLIM PERCENT and what
that means to Wall Street and Washington's cash flows. No
narco dollars, no reinvestment into the stock markets, 110
campaign contributions.
It was only a few days after Grasso's trip that BBC News
Ieported a General Accounting Office (GAO) report to
Congress as saying: "Colombia's cocaine and heroin
production is set to rise by as much as 50 percent as the U.S.
backed drug war flounders, due largely to the growing
strength of Marxist rebels™
I deduced from this incident that the liquidity of the NY
Stock Exchange was sufficiently dependent on high margin
cocaine profits (BIG PERCENT) that the Chairman of the
New York Stock Exchange was willing for Associated Press
to acknowledge he is making "cold calls" in rebel controlled
peace zones in Colombian villages. "Cold calls" is what we
used to call new business visits we would pay to people we
had not yet done business with when I was on Wall Street.
I presume Grasso's trip was not successful in turning the cash
flow tide. Hence, Plan Colombia is proceeding apace to try to
move narco deposits out of FARC's control and back to the
control of our traditional allies and, even if that does not
work, to move Citibank's market share and that of the other
large US banks and financial institutions steadily up in Latin
America.
Buy Banamex anyone?

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 732, "chars": 4331, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(For Picture of Chairman Grasso bugging a FARC Commander
in Colombia in 1999, see:
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HI.0202/S00069.htm)
Part II: The Narco Money Map
Our task is to look at the world and see it whole.
-E. F. Schunacher
Narco Dollars On Your Map
It helps to look at the drug markets by looking at a map
of the United States.
What are the four states with the largest market share in
illegal narcotics trafficking? Draw a map if you want and
shade them in on your map.
Yup. You got it.
New York, California, Texas and Florida.
It makes sense. Those are the biggest states. They have big
coastal areas and borders and big ports. It would make sense
that the population would grow in the big states where the
trade and business flow grows. If you check back to Part I,
we described two businesses. One was Sam's sugar business
that had a SLIM PERCENTAGE profit. The other was
Dave's drug business that had a BIG PERCENTAGE profit.
It would make sense that these four states would be real big
in both Sam's sugar business and Dave's drug businesses.
OK. Now. What are the four states with the biggest business
in money laundering of narco profits and other probts of
organized crime?
Not surprising? Same four states. They are all known as
banking power places.
New York, California, Texas and Florida.
What's next? What are the four states with the biggest
business in taking the laundered narco profits and using them
to deposit money in a bank, or to buy another company, or to
start a new company, or just buy stock in the stock market?
That's what I call the reinvestment business.
Same four, right? New York, California, Texas and Florida.
Who were the governors of these four states in 1996?
Well, let's see. Jeb Bush was the governor of Flonda.
Governor Jeb was the son of George H. W. Bush, the former
head of an oil company in Texas and Mexico and the former
head of the CIA and the former head of the various drug
enforcement efforts as Vice President and President. Then
George W. Bush, also the son of George H. W. Bush, was the
governor of Texas. So the governors of two of the largest
narco dollar market share states just happen to be the sons of
the former chief of the secret police.
Do you think it is possible to become the governor of a state
with the support of the SLIM PERCENTAGE profit
businesses and the opposition of the BIG PERCENTAGE
profit businesses, particularly after the BIG PRECENTAGE
profits have bought up all the SLIM PERCENTAGE profit
businesses?
What about president?
Of course, George W. is President today fueled by the single
most successful campaign fundraising in the history of
Western civilization. Now do you know why Hillary Clinton
wanted to be a Senator from New York? Now do you know
why Andrew Cuomo wants to be New York governor and is
reported to be doing polls to see if people associate him with
the Mafia and organized crime?
When you think about it, the President would need to win the
majority of the people who donate from the SLIM
PERCENTAGE profit businesses but control the
reinvestment of the BIG PERCENTAGE profit industry
cash flow to win. The competition for the support of the
people who control the reinvestment from the BIG
PERCENTAGE profit business cash flow in the biggest
states would be fierce.
According to the Center for Responsive Politics analysis of
the 2000 elections, donors in California, New York, the
District of Colombia Metro Area (which is full of lawyers and
lobbyists who represent all the other states), Texas and
Florida contributed $666.8 million, or approximately 47
percent of a total of $1.427 billion in donations.
I can just paraphrase Tina Turner singing in the background.
Care to hum along with us?.... "What's drugs got to do...got
Getting Out of Narco Dollars HQ
In 1996, my company and I were targeted by a private
informant and a group ot investigators working tor the
Department of Justice and the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD). If you have ever seen the move
"Enemy of the State" with Will Smith and Gene Hackman,
then you understand how the drill works.
Will Smith plays a successful Washington lawyer who is
targeted in a phony frame and smear by a US intelligence
agency. The spooky types have high-speed access to every last
piece of data on the information highway - from Will's bank

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 820, "chars": 5169, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
account to his telephone conversations - and the wherewithal
to engineer a smear campaign through the papers and the
Council on Foreign Relations types.
The organizer of an investment conference once introduced
me by saying, "Who here has seen the movie Enemy of the
State? The woman I am about to introduce to you played Will
Smith in real life."
One day I was a wealthy entrepreneur with a beautiful home,
a successful business and money in the bank. I had been a
partner and member of the board of directors of a Wall Street
firm and then Assistant Secretary of Housing-Federal
Housing Commissioner during the Bush Administration. I
had been invited to serve as a governor of the Federal
Reserve Board and instead started my own company in
Washington, The Hamilton Securities Group. Thanks to our
leadership in digital technology, financial software and
analytics, Hamilton was doing well and poised for significant
financial growth.
One of my software tool innovations, Community Wizard,
helped commusuties access data about how all the money
works in their place. Accessible through the World Wide
Web, Community Wizard was illuminating an unusual pattern
of defaults on HUD mortgages and other government and
homeowner losses in areas in which the CIA had admitted to
facilitating cocaine trafficking by Iran Contra supporters.
According to the CIA, we were paying our government to
help the narco dollars make money in a way that - if you read
Community Wizard's comic book-like money maps - was
losing taxpayers and homeowners billions of dollars.
The next day I was hunted, living through 18 audits and
investigations and a smear campaign directed not just at me
but also at members of my family, colleagues and friends who
helped me. I believe that the smear campaign originated at the
highest levels. For more than two years I lived through
serious physical harassment and surveillance. This included
burglary, stalking, having houseguests followed and dead
anumals lett on the doormat. he hardest part was the
necessity of keeping quiet about the physical danger lest it
cost me more support or harm my credibility. Most people
sumply do not believe that such things are possible in
America.
In 1999, I sold everything to pay what to date is
approximately $6 million of legal and administrative costs. My
estimate of equity destroyed, damages and opportunity costs
is $250 million. I moved to a system of living in several places
on an unpredictable schedule in the hope that this would
push up the cost of surveillance and harassment and so
dissuade my tormentors from following:
The places were chosen to move me as far away as possible
from the corridors of power in Washington and on Wall
Street filled with people benefiting from narco dollars and
their reinvestment. That strategy-combined with escellent
legal and administrative work by a first rate team of very
courageous people-— has been successful in besting the
targeting. It made it possible for me to understand how our
economic addiction to narco dollars worked and how to it
was draining our neighborhoods. I teamed up with the
members of my family and friends and their neighbors who
were getting drained.
Four days after Insight Magazine published its cover story on
me this summer, the head investigator targeting us resigned
unexpectedly. Three weeks later the last of 18 audits and
investigations was suddenly closed down. A follow-up article
by Insight's Paul Rodriguez described the closed investigation
as something that "many inside both HUD and the
Department of Justice regarded as a political vendetta against
Fitts."
The miracle had happened. We have overcome a serious
targeting. Like in the movie where Will Smith comes out fine,
my story has a happy ending. It's a wonderful feeling. As
Winston Churchill once said, "Nothing is more exhilarating
than being shot at without result."
I believe that one of the reasons for my happy ending was
that our actions to deal with the investigation reflected the
understanding of narco dollars that I acquired from living and
traveling throughout America and talking with people from
all walks of life about how narco dollars were impacting our
lives and neighborboods in many different places.
Understanding narco dollars is something I need to know to
help entrepreneurs around the country build the profitable
deals and businesses that will get the Solari Index in our
neighborhoods and the Dow Jones Index in our stock
markets rising together.
Where I live, folks do not want to know about what is wrong
on the Titanic. 'They do not want to know that a flood of
narco dollars is rolling over us. They know these things. What
they want to know is how to build arks.
Georgie, West Philadelphia and the Stock Market
One of my new homes is in the city in Philadelphia, near
where I grew up in West Philadelphia. Another is in a very
beautiful and close knit farming community in Hickory
Valley, Tennessee where my father's family has lived since the
1850's.
Once a month I drive to Philadelphia from my home in
Hickory Valley to attend a board meeting. I stay in a lovely
little apartment in the first floor of a row house owned by my

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 883, "chars": 5087, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Georgie is one of my favorite people in the world. She lives in Today, the Dow Jones is over 9,000, debt per person is over
the apartment on the second floor. Just about my favorite
$100,000, and I think the Solari Index in my old
thing in the world is hanging out with Georgie. We watch
neighborhood is 0 percent.
Oprah, we talk, we go to movies, and we giggle over ice
cream with long names and cookies. Georgie is an awesome
Life on the street ain't sweet anymore.
cook and my little apartment fills up daily with the smells of
something delicious that Georgie is making.
To understand how this works, we need to understand "pop."
One day, Forest, my dog, and I were up in Georgie's
It's Not Just About Profit, It's About the Pop
apartment to enjoy a fresh plate of scrapple that Georgie had
fried up that morning. The conversation turned to narco
Here is the part that is particularly hard for women It took
dollars. Georgie said that looking at the big picture was
several times at our sheet of paper before Georgie
simply too overwhelming. Couldn't I explain this without
understood what I was saying.
using the words millions or billions - just dollars and cents in
terms of our neighborhood in West Philadelphia?
The poing of narco dole comes when you combine drug
I always have this problem explaining international money
flows to moms and grandmoms. Most really great women
want to know about the real world. The world of real people-
her world full of her kids and grandkids and other kids she
The "pop" is a word I learned on Wall Street to describe the
multiple of income at which a stock trades. So if a stock like
PepsiCo trades at 20 tires its income, that means for every
$100,000 of income it makes, its stock goes up $2 million.
The company may make $100,000, but its "pop" is $2 million.
So we got out a blank piece of paper and started to estimate.
Folks make money in the stock market from the stock going
up. On Wall Street, it's all about "pop."
Every day there are two or three teenagers on the comer
dealing drugs across from our home in Philadelphia. We
figured that if they had a 50% deal with a supplier, did $300 a
day of sales each, and worked 250 days a year that their
supplier could run his net profits of approximately $100,000
through a local fast food restaurant that was owned by a
publicly traded company.
Assuming that company has a stock market value that is a
multiple of 20-30 times its profits, a handful of illiterate
teenagers could generate approximately $2-3 million in stock
market value for a major corporation, not to mention a nice
flow of deposits and business for the Philadelphia banks and
insurance companies.
The people who own a corporation make money on the stock
going up. So a company has investors, with the most
powerful investors typically being large institutions who are
typically represented on the board of the company. The board
is the group of people who decides what goes. The senior
management officials who run the company day to day are
also on the board. Most of the money they make comes from
stock options that they get to encourage them to get the stock
to go up for the investors. That means that what everyone
who runs the company wants is for the stock to go up. The
way to do that is to increase net income or to increase the
multiple at which the stock trades.
So in the case of PepsiCo described above, if the management
The Narco Dollar Double Bind: Solari Down, Dow Up
As described in Part I, the Solari Index is my way of
estimating how well a place is doing. It is based upon the
percentage of people in a place who believe that a child can
leave their home and go to the nearest place to buy a popsicle
and come home alone safely. The Solari Index is about how
safe you feel your kids and your neighbor's kids are.
increases soda pop sales in a way that net income goes up by
$100,000, the stock goes up $2 million. Now let's say, the
board and management do a whole series of things to attract
new investors and improve the company's image and, as a
result, the stock starts trading at 22 times profits. Then, the
stock value goes up even more. Whether increasing net
income or increasing the multiple at which the stock market
values the company profits, the board and the management
When I was a child growing up in the 1950's at 48th and
are focused on making the stock go up. That is how their
Larchwood in West Philadelphia, the Solari Index was 100
money works.
percent. It was unthinkable that a child was not safe running
up to the stores on Spruce Street for a popsicle and some
pinball. The Dow Jones was about 500, the Solari Index was
100 percent and our debt per person was very low. Of course
I did not think about it that way at the time. All I knew was
that life on the street with my buddies was sweet.
The winner in the global corporate game is the guy who has
the most income running through the highest multiple stocks.
He is the winning pop player. Like the guy who wins at
monopoly because he buys up all the properties on the board,
he can buy up all the other companies.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 828, "chars": 5116, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So if I have a company that has a $100,000 of income and a
stock trading at 20 times earnings, if I can find a way to run
$100,000 of narcotics sales by a few teenagers in West
Philadelphia through my tmancial statements, I can get my
stock market value to go up from $2 million to $4 million. I
can double my "pop." That is a quick $2 million profit from
putting a few teenagers to work driving the Solari Index down
in their neighborhood. Bottom line, I can make a lot of quick
money on the stock going up and the Solari Index going
OK, now what does this all mean for the Solari Index in
Philadelphia? If I am a group of mothers in my neighborhood
who want the Solari Index to go back up to a 100%, what's
stopping me?
Well, if the Department of Justice is correct about $500
billion-to-1 trillion of annual money laundering in the US,
then about $20-40 billion should move annually through the
Philadelphia Federal Reserve District.
Assuming a 20% margin for the BIG PERCENTAGE profits
and a 20 times multiple on the stock of the companies that
Dave and his investors and banking parters were using to
launder the money, let's look at how much of the stock
market value would be "addicted" to the drug and money
laundering profits flowing through the Philadelphia area.
The total stock market value generated in the Philadelphia
area with $20-40 billion in laundered revenues would be
about $80-160 billion. If you add all the things you could do
with debt or and other ways to increase the multiples, maybe
you could get that even higher, say $100-250 billion.
Assuming that there are 3 million people in the greater
Philadelphia area, the total stock market value generated
wouli average anywhere from $21,000-to-$85,000 per person.
Imagine what would happen to the economy in Philadelphia
if this stock market value suddenly disappeared because all
the teenagers in Philadelphia stopped dealing or buying
Imagine what happens to your stock multiple if you are a
Philadelphia corporate chieftain and you don't run narco
dollars or large purchases fueled by narco dollars through
your financial statements and you don't attract narco dollars
to reinvest in your stock? What happens to your corporate
income and your stock profit if the ones who invest narco
dollars - accumulated over the last fifty years compounding at
their magical compound interest - don't like you? How is
everyone in Philadelphia who loses money on your stock
going down going to feel about you?
The Department of Justice says that we launder $500 billion -
$ 1 trilion. Multiply those times a BIG PERCENTAGE cash
flow profit margin. Now figure how much of that "income"
gets run through the income statement of publicly traded
banks and companies and multiply that number by the
multiple of income at which their stocks trade.
Voila I don't know what your number is. All I know is that,
as Ed Sullivan used to say, it is "really, really BIG."
Part III: Solari Rising
"No, who can compete with the government?"
- Jobn Gott, Jr. (hen asked whether or
not the Gotti family was trafficking in illegal
narcotics.)
The Hickory Valley-Philadelphia Fast Food Franchise
Pop
Two things helped me understand money laundering in
America. First, as I drove from Hickory Valley to
Philadelphia once a month and drove around the country
with my dog Forest all sorts of people started to teach me
about how the money worked - truckers and the ladies who
run the brand-name motels and the folks who work the late
shifts at the gas station food marts. Second, I read "Black
Money",
", a mystery novel by Michael Thomas, a former
parter of the Wall Street firin, Lehman Brothers.
In "Black Money" a government investigator investigating
S&L fraud starts to look into the revenues and expenses of a
fast food chain, which is experiencing far more deposits from
sales than it is selling pizzas. As Thomas walks you through a
handful of the near infinite number of possible money
laundering schemes known to mankind, you start to get a
sense for some of the economics of fast food franchises that
have nothing to do with feeding people.
After I finished "Black Money" I started to pay attention to
"how the money works" at the fast food and motel franchises
at every interstate exit between Tennessee and Philadelphia
What I noticed about them was that no matter when I drove
by - day or night, weekday or weekend - some of them were
surprisingly empty. Indeed, one or two name brands were
defined by their perpetual emptiness. Conversations every
time I stopped filled in a lot here and there about how much
cash was coming in and going out on the food and retail
business.
Some quick estimation on what was being spent per interstate
exit to start up and operate all the retal establishments versus
what was coming in the door in terms of legitimate business
said that some businesses had to be an excuse - an excuse to
generate stock market capital gains by combining laundered
money or phony profits with retail franchises - or both.
The problems this presents to people trying to run an honest
business are numerous. The problems it creates for our work

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 857, "chars": 5064, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ethic and culture are numerous too. It increasingly puts the
low performance people in charge, and everyone starts to
behave like and follow them.
For example, I drove ten miles to Bolivar, our county seat,
one night to go through the car wash at the local big chain
publicly traded gas station. I tried to pay for a three dollar car
wash with quarters. I was told they would not take coins. It
was a policy. Counting coins was too much work, the person
at the register and then the manager said as they sat and
gossiped with their friends, no other customers in sight. So I
got back in my car and drove ten miles home and washed the
car with a hose and some paper towels, the symbolic
economy being too busy to care about steady customers or to
do the real work in the concrete world.
If you are feeling energetic, go drive around to a few areas
with a heavy concentration of retail fast food and motel
franchises. Try estimating out the numbers. See how they
work for you in your place. Are your local businesses in the
Ietail business or the money laundromat business or both?
Another quick and dirty estimation technique for your
neighborhood is to take the Department of Justice's figure of
$500 billion-$1 trillion and divide by 281 million Americans
for a "per American" estimate of money laundering market
share of approximately $1,800-3,600 per person. Now
multiply that times the number of people in your area. Now
divide by the number of local banks. What do the numbers
say to you?
The next time you are out on the streets, see if you can guess
where the money is. It's bound to be there someplace.
Enforcement: At the Heart of the Double Bind
I tend not to get bogged down in discussions about how the
various police, enforcement and prosecution industries relate
to narco dollars.
Here is my bottom line on how the money works or
enforcement and the war on drugs.
Every year since I was a child the Solari Index goes down and
the budgets that I pay for as a taxpayer to fund more
enforcement, prosecution and incarceration go up. If you
look at what taxpayers are paying, you would think we were
picking up all the narco dollar industry's expenses.
The more we pay for enforcement, the more the Solari Index
goes down and drug profits go up. The more we pay for
national secunty, the more thousands of boat loads of white
agricultural products seem to have no problem moving back
and forth across the borders.
After fifty years, the correlation is documented and cleas.
What is also clear is that the person who has inside help from
the national security, intelligence, enforcement and
prosecution bureaucracies will have the biggest BIG
PERCENTAGE cash margin. John Gotti, Ji, not a reliable
source, when asked by a reporter whether or not the New
York Gotti family was dealing in narcotics said, "No, who can
compete with the government?"
The CIA, also not a reliable source, backs up Mr. Gottis
position. According to the CIA's own Inspector General, the
goverment has been facilitating drug trafficking. Indeed,
according to the CIA and DOJ (Dept of Justice), the CIA
and DOJ created a memorandum of understanding that
permitted the CIA to help its allies and assets to traffic in
drugs and not have to report it
Where I come from powerful people pay for performance. I
can only presume that the narco dollars are getting the
performance they want from the expenditure of our tax
dollars for more and more enforcement. After ali,
enforcement keeps profit margins up and the franchise
controlled.
The best example I know is my owa case. My estimate is that
the federal enforcement establishment may have spent more
to target me over the last six years then they spent to get Bin
Laden before September 11. They clearly were not hampered
in my case by having to respect the spirit or the letter of the
law. I deduce from that only that the Solari model is not as
good for the narco dollar and money laundering businesses as
Bin Laden was - at least until recently.
Drugs as Currency
One of challenges of doing the numbers on the narcotics
business is that narcotics are not always a commodity -
sometimes narcotics are a currency used to pay for other
things.
The arms industry sometimes markets to third world
countries, or groups such as terrorists, who cannot pay with
cash, but can pay with drugs. So, for example, it is not
unusual to see arms-drugs transshipment operations, in which
payment for arms is taken with drugs and then the drugs
retailed in the US to facilitate the arms trading and profits.
A case in point is the Iran-Contra operation at Mena,
Arkansas in the 1980's. It has been alleged that Oliver North
and George H. W. Bush through the National Security
Council at the White House were dealing drugs through Mena
not to make money, but to facilitate arms shipments. Mena
has received attention as a result of its alleged financial
contribution to Bill and Hillary Clinton's rise to national
prominence.
You also see the arms-drugs relationship as you estimate how
the money works on the private profits from various taxpayer

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 805, "chars": 4743, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
funded wars. Vietnam, Kosovo, Plan Colombia, Afghanistan,
So the reality is that if you want to control the cash flow and
What do they all have in common? Drugs, ot and gas, arms.
capital that controls the overworld, you've got to control the
Add gold, currency and bank market share and you have the
cash flows getting generated by the underworld. Indeed,
top of my checklist for understanding how the money works
you've got to have an underworld. If it does not exist, you
on any war or "low intensity conflict" around the globe.
need to outlaw some things to get one going.
Many of the members of our global leadership were trained in
Here is the bottom line on how the money works on narco
wartime narcotics trathcking in Asia during WWII. George
dollars. Unless Sam switches to dope, Dave will win his wife,
H. W. Bush and his generation watched our ally Chang Kai
his mistress, his banker, buy his company, buy his
Shek finance his army and covert operations with opium I
Congressman and be the star at the local charities. Everyone
am told that the Flying Tigers were the model that taught Air
will admire and pay attention to Dave.
America how to fly dope.
It's the power of compound interest.
If you trace back the history of the family and family
networks of America's leaders and numerous other leaders
It's 1947. If you don't do it, you will be the loser. What would
around the world, what you will find is that narcotics and
you do?
arms trafficking are a multigenerational theme that has criss-
crossed through Asia, North America, Europe, Latin America
and Eurasia and back through the City of London and Wall
Street to the great pools of financial capital. Many a great
American and British fottune got going in the Chinese opium
trade.
One of the benefits of learning how narco dollars work is that
it will help you sort through the money laundering and insider
trading news on the War on Terrorism. Terrorism and
narcotics trafficking often get linked through narcotics as
currency. Terrorists need guns. Narco dollars need private
protection and covert operations.
The Pogo Problem:
We Have Met the Enemy and It is Us
The Sam and Dave dilemma of "to deal or not to deal"
is made worse by the power of popular opinion.
Last summer, I made a presentation called "How the Money
Works on Organized Crime" to a wonderful group of about
100 people at an annual conference for a spiritually focused
foundation in Philadelphia. This is a group of people who are
committed to contributing to the spiritual evolution of out
culture.
In Defense of the American Drug Lords
It's 1947. You want to make sure that America wins in the
great game of globalization. The winner will be the country
that accumulates the largest pool of capital to finance its
corporations and investment in new technology. That is a
problem because Americans vote for leaders who help them
spend, not save. No matter how hard Sar the sugar man
works and no matter how much he saves, how much capital
can be pooled at SLIM PERCENTAGE? It is fair to say it is
not enough to beat the investment network that can pool
capital at BIG PRECENTAGE growth rates.
Indeed, what a history of narcotics trafficking and piracy and
various other forms of organized crime over the last five
hundred years show is that our leaders have been in a double
bind for centuries, The only thing more dangerous than
getring caught doing organized crime, is not being in control
of the reinvested cash flows from it. This is why monarchs
played footsie with pirates in Elizabethan times and no doubt
have been doing so ever since.
After taxation, organized crime is a society's way of forming
lots of pools of low cost cash capital. Organized crime is a
banking and venture capital business.
After walking through the various Sam and Dave dilemmas
with Sam's SLIM PERCENTAGE profits sugar business and
Dave's BIG PERCENTAGE profits drug business, as well as
the intersection between the stock market and campaigo
fundraising and narco dollars for about an hour, I asked the
group what would happen to the stock market if we
decriminalized or legalized drugs?
The stock market would crash, they said.
What would happen to financing the government deficit if we
enforced all money-laundering laws? Since most of the bank
wire transfers are batched and run through the New York
Federal Reserve Bank, this should not really be that hard,
right?
Their taxes might go up. Worse, yet, their government checks
might stop, they said.
I then asked them to imagine a big red button at the front of
the lectern. By the power of our imaginations, if they pushed
that button they could decriminalize narcotics trafficking and
stop all money laundering in the United States.
Who would push the button?

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 805, "chars": 4721, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It turns out that in an audience of approximately 100 people
committed to spiritually evolve our society that only one
person would push the button Upon reflection, 99 would
not. I asked why.
They said that if they pushed the button, their mutual funds
would go down and their government checks might stop.
I commented that what they were proposing is that an entire
infrastructure of people continue to market narcotics to their
children and grandchildren to ensure that their mutual and
pension funds stay high in value.
They said, yes, that's right.
Which is why I say that America is not addicted to narcotics
as much as it is addicted to narco dollars.
The National Security Council's Double Bind in 1996
Here is the acid test.
It's August 1996. Gary Webb has just broken the story in the
San Jose Mercury News about the CLA helping to deal drugs
into South Central LA. He has put the legal documents up on
their website. 'The proof is hard. The governrent is dealing
drugs.
Catherine Austin Fitts's company is publishing a tool on the
web called Community Wizard that shows maps with
Geographic Information Systerns software that include
patterns of defaults on HUD mortgages in the areas of LA
with the heaviest concentration of CIA supported Iran
Contra drug trafficking.
The patterns between HUD defaulted mortgages and narco
dollars are much too close for comfort.
What would you do if you were one of the people sitting on
the national security council or the related narco dollars task
force? This included Bob Rubin (Secretary of Treasury, 10W
Co-Chairman of Citicorp and member of Harvard
Corporation), Larry Summers (Deputy Secretary of Treasury,
now President of Harvard), John Hawke (Undersecretary of
the Treasury; now Comptroller of the Currency), Al Gore
(Vice President, now teaching) and John Deutch (Director of
the CIA, now a board member of Citicorp and teaching.)
Would you target Webb and get him fired and the story
discredited or would you let the story grow and flourish?
Would you target Fitts and have her business and her
sottware tools and databases destroyed or would you let her
business floursh, allowing every community to see and track
the narco dollars that were helping to drive their Solari Index
to 0% while driving the Dow Jones Index higher?
Which will it be in an election year? Will you do everything
you can do to attract the reinvestment of the narco dollars
into your campaign and into the stock market or will you let
Fitts and Webb continue to illuminate "how the money
works" on narco dollars in a way that might crash the stock
market and make it harder and more expensive for the
government to finance the deficit?
Before you answer, let me tell you one more story.
In 1999, I was at a revival for Christian women. One of the
presidential candidates made a guest appearance. A friend of
mine, an Afro-American minister, who used to work for the
Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), leapt to her feet to
applaud him with tremendous enthusiasm. I was surprised at
her response given that she understood his success in
attracting narco dollars - not to mention his and his
colleague's silence on Gary Webb's Dark Alliance reports and
the subsequent CIA admission of drug dealing by the
government.
She looked at me and said, "He is going to be the winner." So
I said, "You mean, I am a loser because I tried to stop the
corruption and he is a winner because he profited from it and
helped it grow. So you will clap for him and not for me." She
replied, "That's right. You are a loser. He is a winner"
Not such an easy decision to vote for the "rule of la" is it?
Indeed, Webb got fired and Fitts' was targeted and, after
spending $6 million on legal and related expenses, any fortune
sank down to the same 0% as the Solari Index.
But whatever I do, I can't blame it just on the top guys.
Whatever they did, whoever it was, they were doing what it
took to please and win the crowd.
Americans love a winner.
Solari Index Up, Dow Up, Debt Down
The good news on all of this is that there are solutions. New
technology blesses us with the potential tools we can use to
radically increase productivity in a way that can "jump the
curve" on our narco dollar addiction.
Will it happen? I don't know.
My pastor says, "If we can face it, God can fix it." The
question is can we face our addiction to narco dollars? Can
we do it in a way that entrepreneurs like me can build
successful businesses and transactions that profit from getting
the Solari Index and the Dow Jones Index to go up together?
Sound impossible? Far from it It's quite possible. Add up all
the current income generated by small businesses in America.
It is currently valued at a multiple of 1-5 tires because it is

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 772, "chars": 4663, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
private-not publicly traded in a quid stock market. Investors
have no way to invest in a liquid publicly traded stock.
A solari is a locally controlled neighborhood investment
advisor and databank that publishes neighborhood financial
statements and information and tracks the Solari Index in
your place. A solari can raise and manage venture and mutual
funds that channel equity capital to the profitable small
businesses in your neighborhood so that participating small
business income could start to trade at a multiple of 10 times
- even 20 times or 30 times eventually. The potential capital
gains are in the trillions of dollars.
That is why all the yah-yah in Washington about new stricter
money laundering laws to deal with terrorism won't work. If
government officials and bankers can keep making money
when the Solari Indes is at 0%, it will not rise no matter how
many people - innocent or guilty - we put in jail. The day we
decide that government officials only make money for
performance and all the companies that get money from
government - whether contractors or banks that use taxpayers
credit - only get money if we are better off and the Solati
Index is rising, is when we will start to face and solve the real
problems in a money making way.
It's time to face our addiction to narco dollars and to grapple
That is a lot of low cost capital that local entrepreneurs can
with how to reverse our incentive systems. It is time to figure
use to create jobs and to build their businesses - even start
out how publicly traded companies and our banks and
new ones.
insurance companies can make more money from our kids
succeeding then from them failing. Indeed, it can be done.
Better yet, while you're doing that how about reengineering
billions of federal, state and local government investment that
So here is my last message on how the money works on narco
has a negative return on investment to both taspayers and
dollars. Now that we have run the Solari Index down to near
communities to a positive return on investment. More big
0% while fueling the rise of the Dow Jones about 20X since I
capital gains that can be securitized and traded in a liquid
was a kid, the new opportunity is going to be the fortunes to
stock market—-again the potential profits are in the trillions.
be made on businesses and investment vehicles that fuel the
Solari Index rising.
Finally, add up the value of all the homes and real estate in
your community. OK, what would happen to the value of
Wouldn't you pay for streets to be sweet for your child once
that equity if the Solari Index went back up to 100 percent?
again? Especially if it made you a whole bunch of money on
Real estate financed through a local trust or REIT or mutual
an IPO of your neighborhood mutual or venture fund in the
tund that could be traded in the stock market would create a
stock market?
way for investors to start to "trade places." That means they
would profit from the Solari Index going up along with local
real estate owners, homeowners and small business folks.
Add some more trillions to the potential capital gains.
I want to make money on kids succeeding. I want to teach
Dave a way to make more money by getting out of narco
dollars and backing Sam starting a solari and "trading places."
Helping the Solari Index rise back to 100% is the biggest
My money is on Solari rising
capital gains opportunity in America, particularly when
combined with reengineering goverment investment and
pooling small business equity in a manner that provides
competitive access to the stock market. Generations of
accumulated narco dollars could do very well investing
successfully in such a capital gains opportunity.
For more information about solaris see www.solari.com. To
sign up for the Solari Action Network for e-mail updates send
Catherine an E-mail at: catherine@solari.com
A trillion here, a trillion there-—-pretty soon you are talking
about a lot of "pop."
It can only happen if we can look into the face of our
addiction and start having a conversation about how we move
out of our current financial incentives that keep the Solari
Index down to a more positive, sustainable and wealthy
future for our children and grandchildren. For example, think
about what would happen if every government worker in
America had their annual salary fluctuate based on the
performance of the Solari Index in their jurisdiction? I bet it
would take about three years to get the Solari Index back to
100%.
-Bibliography
After three years of plowing through hundreds of books,
videos and articles, here are the sources that I found most
useful to helping me understand "how the money works" in
