{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:26:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1814551, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122933-robert-sarbacher-united-states-letter-to-william-steinman-november-29-1983.pdf", "source_sha256": "b011fe30544868e6167e04a3ea6c1ef12f16ba04a70a5f8799c3b812d1cfaaf2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3338, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CSETI
WASHINGTON INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
OCEANOGRAPHIC AND PHYBICAL SCIENCER
November 29, 1983
Dear Mr. XXXXX
However,
number of extended trips.
To answer your last question in your letter of October 14,
1983, there is no particular reason I feel I shouldn't or
couldn't answer
ed to see enor cento the best abilitan delight-
You listed some of your questions in your letter of
September 12th.
I will attempt to answer them as you had
listed them.
1.
Relating to my own experience regarding re-
covered flying saucers, I had no association with any
of the people involved in the recovery and have no knowl-
edge regarding the dates of the recoveries. If I had I
would send it to you.
Regarding verification that persons you list
were Involved, I can only say this:
John von Neuman was definitely involved.
Vannever Bush was definitely Involved, and I think Dox.
Robert Oppenheimer also.
My association with the Research and Develop-
ment Board under Doctor Compton during the Eisenhower
administration was rather limited so that although I had
been invited to participate-in several discussions asso-
clated withthe reported recoveries, I could not personally
attend the meetings.
I am sure thatthey would have asked
I. von Braun, and the others that you listed were probabl
sked and may or may not have attended. This is al
for sure.
BO0 BRAZILIAN AVENUE
PALM BEACH. PLORIDA 33480 808-838-1116
DX. X
X answers
s letters and identifies
three other scientists definitely involved in the crashed
saucer stuly and research projects.
November 29, 1905 - Page 2
3.
I did receive some official reports when I was
in my office at the Pentagon but all of
these were lett
there as at the
time we were never supposed to take them
out of the office.
4.
I do not recall receiving any photographs such
as you request so I am not in a position to answer.
5. I have to make the same reply as on No. 4.
I recall the interview with Dr. Brenner of the Canadian
I• think the answers I gave him were the ones you
Embassy• Naturally, I was more famillar with the subject
matter under discussion, at that time.
Actually, I would
have been able to give more specific answers had I attend-
My first responsibility
was the maintenance of my own business activity so that my
participation was limited.
About the only thing I remember at this time is that certain
materials reported to have come from flying saucer crashes
were extremely light and very tough.
I am sure our
laboratories analyzed them very carefully.
There were reports that instruments or people operating
these machines were also of very light weight, sufficient
to withstand the tremendous deceleration and
acceleration
associated with their machinery.
I remember in talking
with some of the people at the oftice that I got the
impression these
aliens" were constructed like certain
insects we have observed on earth,
wherein because of the
low mass the inertial forces involved in operation of
these instruments would be quite low.
I still do not know why the high order of classification has
been given and why the denial of the existence of these
devices.
in this program.
Sincerely.
yours,
P. S. It occurs to
It you have the be check the spelling correct
check the spelling.
-'and no / septil it.
Dr. Sarbacher confirms recovery of material, instruments and
occupants from the crashed discs.
