{"created_utc": "2026-08-21T08:39:24Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9562451, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122998-witness-10876-presidential-steward-for-kennedy-air-force-one-interview.pdf", "source_sha256": "a9db13202119355b33cf99bf96a0b0a79fea00895f90557edc7e1fab631a7870"}

Interview

    TAKE ONE MARKER

                         : Good afternoon, Dr. Greer. I really appreciate the opportunity for us to meet
    today to learn about my experiences in the United States Air Force when I was stationed from
    1963 all the way up until 1977. Let me introduce myself officially.                             , Sr.;
    United States Air Force Tech Sergeant; and my official identification, 14785994. And where I'd
    like to start is actually a trip with President Kennedy on June 19, 1963 when he flew into
    Wiesbaden Air Force Base in Wiesbaden, Germany. We were to fly him from there to Berlin
    when he was going to do the "Ich bin em n Berliner" speech. And that morning in two of the
    English-speaking newspapers, there was a picture of two UFOs that had been taken pictures of
    on the Autobahn. So I had placed those on his table where he was going to be sitting, and when
    he came over, he said, "Good morning Airman Holden." I said, "Good morning, Mr. President."
    I sat him down and said, "Would you like to have some coffee and juice." And he said, "Yes."
    So while I was getting that, he's looking at the papers. I came back in, and he says, "Well, what
    do you think?" I looked at him, I looked down at the picture, and I said, "Well, sir, what do you
    think?" And with that magnificent grin of his, he said, "I asked you first." I said, "Well, I'm the
    grandson of a Methodist preacher down in south Georgia, and I'm 19 years old, and all I can say
    is that from what I've learned, we can't be the only living beings in God's creation." He says,
    "You're right, young man." And I truly wish I knew then what I know now. I'd have asked him
    many, many questions. And we really didn't get into much more after that as far as discussions
    regarding the newspaper or the photos.

    From there, in August of 1963, I was down at Zweibrucken, Germany at a swim meet, and we
    were the ... Zweibrucken was a Canadian Air Force base and I had won my 100 meter; and we
    were staying as the guest of a Canadian captain. And he said, "I'd like to have you join us at our
    home to stay there for the evening .. .

    TAKE TWO MARKER

    Steven Greer: I'd like to ask you more about this event on Air Force One with President
    Kennedy.

    WH: Okay.

    SG: And what other comments he made about his knowledge of the subject, or any other
    exchange that took place.

    WH: Basically, he had said, "You're right young man." And he says, "There is considerable
         1- d .e as far as the actual being of UFO and ET phenomena that we're aware of today."
    Like I said, I wish I had truly known what I know now to ask him much, much more.

      ow the next experience I had was down at Zweibrucken, Germany. I was down there for a
    swim meet; I'm staying at a Canadian captain's home as his guest, and I had won my meet. And
    so the next day I was free. And he said, "Would you like to go fly?" I had talked to his daughter
    and everything and was talking about going out with her to Zweibrucken, and I thought flying or
    going with her. So I said, "How about if I go flying and then go take a tour of the town." Well, to

J                                                     1
      and behold, the plane that I was going to be flying in was an Fl 04, which was the fastest known
      aircraft to mankind at that time. So we're~1in djwn the Rhine river, and we're up at a high
      altitude. And about that time, I spot a bogey,,at about ten o'clock over here and I don't recognize
      the craft. And I said, "Bogey, ten o'clock.'4And the captain looked over there, and said, "Well,
      let's find out." So he kicked into afterburner and we went after that, and it disappeared just like
      that. So when we got back to the base, we were met by a Commander and he said, "Who are
      you?" And I identified myself; showed my identification. He says, "Go back to the captain's
      headquarters, and what you saw today you don't know anything about. Forget it." When the
/~±., captain came home, he says, "Mr. H         rr, please, whatever you do, do not say anything about
      this encounter. It will get me in much trouble." That was my first introduction to cover up.

     So from there ...

     SG: What year was that?

     WH: That was 1963, and that was in August. So at this time, let's go forward to the summer of
     1966. I'm stationed in Colorado Springs, and I'm called bac to Washington DC to pick up an
     entourage and they don't discuss anything with us as to what it is about. But it's a number of
     high-ranking rniLitai — Air Force military officials — and scientists. From there we fly from
     Andrews Air Force Base in Washington DC over to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton,
     Ohio. And we're taken to what is called the Blue Hangar. And in there, they had the remains of
     the different UFOs that they had seen and that they were experimenting with, and taking
     different technology off of it. This is where Bell Labs was involved; this is where General
     Electric was involved; this where a number of high-tech companies gained their knowledge. For
     instance, like GE was the electro-ma netic propulsion systeiJ Where was the first electro-
             rc propulsio            ' rzed in the Unite   tates? O all things, Disneyland, for the
     Monorail. From there, we took off. We went to ...

     SG: Please back up. Did you actually get into the Blue Hangar?

     WH: Yes I did.

     SG: And what did you see in there?

     WH: I saw craft; I saw different materials. I did not see any ETs.

     SG: What did the craft look like?

     WH: The craft was basically saucer shaped. I'm going to have to give you a guesstimate as to
     size. Probably thirty to thirty-five feet in diameter, and probably twelve to maybe twelve feet to
     fourteen feet in height.

     SG: And was there any indication that this was an extraterrestrial vehicle or a man made one?

^    WH: It was extraterrestrial. And it was, from what we understood it to be, it was from one of the
1'   crash sites down in New Mexico. Because a number of them ... there had been over a hundred
     crashes in the New Mexico area; Four Corners area.
r
 SG: Were you told that at that briefing?

 WH: Yes. Because what they basically ...
 SG: [I couldn't get the first part of SG's remarks] ... incorporate my questions to your answer,
 that helps.

 WH: Okay.

 SG: So what I'm asking is how did you know there had been a hundred of these crashes and
 events, and who told you, and how did you have that information given to you?

  WH: In response to that, the question being as far as how did I learn this information, was that it
  was one of the briefing officers that was taking us around and talking about what was going on.
     ey said there had been over a hundred crashes in that Four Corners area; and basically
  explained that the reason for it was that large radar dome that was in the Four Corners area. And
  that any time that radar system was on, and hese craft flew through it, they lost control of
- everything, and the craft would end up crashing. his was where the story about being down
  t ere back i • -       - s as to the c . , an. it not a weather balloon with aluminum whatever.
  So from there we took off and went to .. .

 SG: I want to get more about this location. What .          you describe the craft in terms of was it
 seamless; did it have sections to it; did it seem to have an opening ... ? `\]

 WH: There was an opening where it would basically drop down and entrance into. It was
 basically a tri-landing gear as far as where it came down. And the ... No windows. Nothing I
 could see as far as a window to it. And basically, as I said, it was kind of this shape, and I'm
 guessing about thirty to thirty-six feet across and probably twelve to fourteen feet high.

 SG: Was it o       onal?

 WH: I did                  They didn't say.

 SG: BujIju;         ovary when you ...

 WH: ight

 SG: And were there ... the skin of the craft — were there sections to it, or was it seamless?

 WH: It was ... I .. it looked seamless. It appeared to be seamless and it was aluminum in colo

 SG: And what else did you see at Wright-Patterson or here? And do you know the names of any
 of the dignitaries that were with you?

  WH: No sir. No sir, I don't. All I know is that they were high-ranking officers and scientific
  personnel and engineers. So     m there, w wit to Los Angeles. Landed in Los Angeles. We
                               &m
                     party. This was at [???], special ammunitions facility there. We left the next
  did not go with the art
  morning; flew to Hickam Air Force Base in Fawaii. And basically we were instructed to be back
\ at midnight for departure. So we go everythin ready and we took off as scheduled. Went out ...
and we flew for about three and a half hours and then landed. And I said, "We're back in
Hawaii." And they said, "How do you know that?" I said, "The aircraft that we're flying on ...
there's nothing out there that we could land on." We weren't by Johnson Island; we weren't by
any of the other areas where you could refuel. So we actually ... and later on we discovered we
actually had landed n Kauai,              we were on the top secret, high security base — Navy Base
— known as Barking ands. And t                   .. we were taken out to an observation post looking
to the West, and the sun had come up behind us and everything, and about this time, somebody
yelled out, "Craft." Now the craft had come out of the water from our left to our right, and it
came out and centered ... and probably out, oh, maybe 200 yards and about 100 yards off the
water. This craft, again, was this design — saucer shaped — but at the midbeam, it had an
oscillating light that was going like this back and forth on it. I didn't see portholes; I didn't see
windows or anything like that. It disappeared as quickly as it appeared. And we're all talking
about it and everything, and about that time they yelled out, "It's back." This time, it's closer in
and it's about 100 yards out, and about 200 feet off the water. It sits there and basically rocks
back and forth; goes up; goes down; goes out and comes back. And then it turned at an angle and
went back into the water. Now what's amazing about this is that when it came out of the water,
and re-entered the water, there was no explosion or implosion as it went into the water. When I
asked, "Why was that?" And he said, "Basically, when you have electro-magnetic propulsion,
it's basically in a shell. So like as it's entering; this force goes in ahead; it follows it in. Same
thing in coming out. So therefore, that's why you didn't see the explosion or the implosion as it
came out and went back into the water.' That was pretty much the experience.
                                    -V


SG: And what year was this?

WH: That was in 1966.

SG: Who was with you in this excursion?

WH: This was Project — let me see on that — that was summer of 1966 and okay, I actually
     ed ahead. _' at was    • 1966 Summer of 1966 was where we had picked up the Air
Force group an. we went to White Sands Proving Grounds.

SG: Well, let's finish this story_ first. I'm all about the details. So what was the purpose of this
visit to ...

WH: I think the answer to what th purpose was, was more of introduction to the craft, the fact
that it was coming out of the wate'1c So therefore, it could operate underwater. And basically,
introduction all the way around. I thiii that's what it was about.

SG: An introduction by whom specifical

WH: I think whoever had set this demonstr tion up. We had not met them. They were there and
they were talking to the group. We were in e background. But why ... here's what I didn't
understand ...

SG: In other words, this was a human craft that was Bing demonstrated.

WH: This, as far as I'm concerned, was an extraterrestriakcraft. This was not manufactured by
                                                 4
         us. And that's basically what was being ... as far as I understood ... as being explained. And
         why we were there, I still to this day, do not know why the crew was taken to this to see it. If it
         was this classified and everything, I would not think that we should have even been there. But
         they took us. And ...
         SG: Was there [? ? ?] on the crew?

       WH: No, I had not flown with any of those before~I was brought in as Special Air Missions
   C't Flight Steward and Loadmaster. And the reason for that was I had had previous presidential
       clearance. So I had a high classified clearance. That's the only reason I think I was thereF 7

         Okay, I'd like to back up to the summer of 1966, this is where the contingency that we were
         flying was the Air Force contingency. The one that I had just discussed was actually a Navy —
         had high ranking naval officers and again, civilian engineers and scientists. So that was the
   --ifference. I thought it was going to be this same crew that was talking about the summer of
         1966 trip, wl r was called Projec         ury. We flew into White Sands, got off the aircraft, and
         were put on a bus. All the windows were blacked out. We basically had to show our
 (I      identification. They had a checklist. All the names were checked off. And we were then driven
         for about 45 minutes to an hour, and driven into a box canyon. Now, as we cleared through there,
         when we got to that canyon, another security group came on and re-checked all of the IDs.-e -
         w                  ete ...     -here was a case that we did not go with the entourage to where
         there was a craft, very similar to the one that was at the Blue Hangar in Ohio. Similar in shape;
   L  i tri-landing gear; door down; and there were two ETs that were probably less than five feet tall -
         t}ey wer        d.. like-what-we-eaI1                                                  ; ii fj
k'
  /      eyes; slim mouth; long slim arms and hands; slim body; and in an aluminum colored one-piece
         flight suit. The entourage was around them and then, basically, they looked in the craft. And
         then when they came back to the bus, nothing was said about it and everything. *l -the-
         comments-1iere was nothing about what they had seen - discussed while we were ther
         for that reason ... I don't know why ... because now when I fast-forward back to the
         1966, and I'm on Project X — and that's where we had the experience in Kauai at B.        g S. d
         — here they showed us everything. And it was interesting on that basis.

         SG: Were these ETs living or dead?

         WH: They were very alive.

         SG: And was there any communication?

         WH: The communication, as far as I understand, was all telepathic.

         SG: And how far away were you from these ...

         WH: We were about a hundred yards away from them. But fortunately, the bus driver had a set
         of binoculars, so I was locked in and looking at what I could on that.

         SG: And how many of them were there? There was two?

         WH: There were two ETs.


                                                         5
SG: And can you describe anything more about their hands or ...

WH: No, not really. Except that they were shorter than anybody in the crew or the entourage.
They were very slim and as far as they had long slim arms and hands and legs the same way.

SG: And you said Project Mercury, was that the code name for that expedition or ...

WH: Project Mercury was the one in ... this was Project X ... Project Mercury was at White
Sands.

SG: Yes that's what I'm talking about.

WH: Project X was in Hawaii at Kauai.
1


SG: In terms of Project Mercury, how did you come across that code name?

WH: Someone brought that name out or was discussing it while we were there on the plane.
Same thing with Project ). Ngthing in writing; nothing on the manifest; nothing on the mission
sheet mentioned those nam

SG: And the people closest to this encounter — were they civilian or military?

WH: Both. In both instances.

SG: Okay, do you want to repeat the      estion in the answer?

WH: Okay the question being as far as' \'ere there military and civilians present, the answer is
yes.                               /

SG: And do you know who these people were?

WH: I don't know them personally, as far as that wasn't disclosed to us. All that we were told
and briefed on was that they were high ranking military officials and civilian engineers and
scientists. That was the extent of it.

SG: And do you know where on the White Sands facility this occurred or how far from ...

WH: We drive for 45 minutes to an hour away from that. And we entered into this box canyon.

SG: And do you know what direction you had been driving?

WH: I don't, because we were all enclosed. We had nothing as far as where we could see.

SG: And how many people were on this expedition?

WH: I'                   — nght now I couldn't to y         —         't reca~l. It was more than
twenty.


                                                 6
  SG: Okay. And just one other thing. How did this expedition end?

  WH: Basically, we went back as far as to White Sands. They had ...

SG:   I'm asking how long did the meeting with the ETs last?

 WH: Oh, t~hi,s was,f6r a couple of hours. Because they went through .. .

 [I believe the,      was a discussion with camera and sound person asked WH to restate his
 answer.]

  WH: The meeting with ETs and the tour of the craft lasted about two hours.

 Now I'd like to fast-forward t 1971. I was in the Air Force, I'm stationed at Patrick Air Force
 Base, Coco Beach, Florida. I'nra Special Ammunitions Member Flight Steward Loadmaster, and
 I also assisted with Cape Canaveral/Cape Kennedy as far as assisting the dignitaries and the VIPs
 that came in whether it was presidential or military or civilian dignitaries that were visiting. I'm
 being transferred ... I had received orders to be transferred out to Howard Air Force Base,
 Panama Canal Zone. And so I had gone down to the Indian River to do some fishing. Now I
 want to preface this - I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs, I don't take any kind of
 hallucinogens. So I throw my line out for fishing, and I sat down. The next thing I know I'm up
 inside a craft. Now to describe this craft — domed ceiling; no light switches or visible light, but
 there was light. There were three ETs to my left. I'm on a pedestal table, my feet down here, my
 head here, and I look up and there's this beautiful shield that's about like so, in a brilliant blue — I
 can't describe it except that was just a very bright blue. And it had three gold stars on it. Now —
 everything is telepathic at this time. There's one taller ET in the middle, and there two — one on
 each side — shorter ETs — Ga4iit . And they're in a one-piece garment. And as far — here
 again, in describing them — the large elliptical head, large black eyes, small nose, very thin lip
 line, very close ears to the head, and long slim neck, slim body, torso and all, and long slim arms
 and slim fingers and legs the same way. In the communication — this has happened to me now
 three times — they basically said the same thing. This one ET in the middle was the one who was
 communicating. And he basically said, "Tell them to stop destroying mother earth. Tell them to
 learn to love one another. And finally, tell them to learn to increase their mental and heart
 harmonics to a higher level." We only use 3-5% of what we have. There's very few that use
 more than that. But that basically was it. And then when — I should say — returned to where I
 was, I woke up and basically went back to the base and I called my commander and I said, "Sir,
 we need to talk." He said, "What happened?" And when I explained what had happened and
 everything, he said, "If I didn't know you better, I'd say you had been smoking some wacky
 tobacky or drinking something." I said, "No, sir." He said, "Be in my office in the morning." The
 next morning, I'm there. There's three individuals, black suit civilian clothes. Go into a full
 interrogation wanting all the facts over and over and over and over. Finally, this one individual
 said, "Airman Holden, we want you to know that what you saw actually happened; you're not
 the only. There were 17 others — military and civilian — who saw anything from one individual to
 as many as nine individuals with them. But every one of them described the interior of the craft
 and that shield identically the same way." That was absolutely amazing.

  SG: What else do you remember about, like the hands of these ETs? Were they four-fingered,
  five-fingered ... ?
                                                    7
   WH: You know, Dr. Greer, that is something that so many have asked me. That's the one detail I
   can't answer. I just say it was a hand and it was slim. I didn't count the fingers or anything like
   that.

   SG: Did they communicate verbally with each other in any way?

   WH: That I don't know. All I know is that the one person — the one individual — taller ET — was
   who was looking at me and discussing with me. The thing that I think was amazing was the fact
   that, number one, I had no fear. I had no fear about this encounter. I've always had an open
   feeling about that.
   SG: And can you describe the interior; the size; the objects; the shape...?

   WH: I'm going to have to guess at this. And the reason I say that is because I'm on a pedestal
   table, I'm 5' 11", and so figuring that I wasn't extended over the table — so I've got something I
   can go off of there. Three ET's are to my left. There's space to my right — probably ten or twelve
   fret. And probably another five to six feet this way. I don't know behind me. Ceiling height was
     robably eight feet; nine feet at the dome; at the top part.

( /SG: Were there any objects; electronics and ...

   WH: I did not see in regard to seeing anything else, I did not see anything else in the room as far
   as equipment other than the three ETs to my side and my lying on the pedestal table. That was
   about it.

  r/ SG.• And was it a curved ceiling?
   WH: A curved ceiling, yes.

   SG: And seamle s agai        did you see sections?

   WH: I'm sorry, sa t       . gain.

   SG: Were they seamless or did you see sections ... ?

   WH: Oh no. Didn't see any seams at all. All smooth. And what was amazing, because I'm sitting
   there trying to figure out why is there a light and I don't see light.

   SG: Was there any follow up from the intelligence community or anyone after this happened
   besides this meeting at [???] ?

    WH: No sir. There wasn't anything else following that meeting; that interview in the morning.
    That was basically it.

    SG: And the other people they said that had had this kind of experience, were they saying at the
    same time, or just that they had it in their records?

    WH: During the night; during that night. During that night there were 17 others that had this
                                                     8
    same, similar exlcrience. And it was both military and civilian.

    SG: Did they confi    that the message was similar?

    WH: Very much so.

    SG: Please incorporate m !question in your answer.

    WH: Okay. In regard: to t ey asked was the message similar, and basically, they would not give
    me any of the deta s. But ey said the communication was similar. They didn't expound as to
    whether there wa more info ,i ation given or asked.
    SG: Did you ask he FTs for.. y information?

    WH: No sir.
                                r
    SG: And did they give ydu any other information about their planet of origin, their star system or
      9

    WH: Not at all.

    SG: And this shield — can yc~u give me the shape o    is shield a little more?

f   WH: The shield is round, okay. The stars 'ere the five point, as far as the long and across this
    way. Very brilliant gold on a very brilli t blue background.

    SG: And how many of the stars' -re there?

    WH: Three.

    SG: You have to r eat that. You Have to say there were three stars in the round shield and they
    were five point Ørs. We're just trying to get a picture of it in one sentence.

    WH: All right. The shield was basically round; brilliant blue background. And it had three gold
    stars on it which were basically the long line and across that way in a brilliant gold.

    SG: And five point stars.

    WH: Yes.

    SG: Very important. By the way, that's the universal symbol of man. A head, two arms, two
    legs.

    WH: I'll be darned.

    SG: FYI. Is there anything else you'd like to share with us?

    WH: I sure would. A very near, dear friend — it was command chief, sergeant major, Bob Dean —
    who was the command sergeant major for USAREUR ...
                                                    9
SG: Was that the [? ? ?}

WH: USAREUR — that was the United States Army Europe. And I was flying for General
                      . He was a commander, four star general for USAFE — United States Air
Force Europe. And we had met a number of times. And I had actually been in his office and I
actually had seen a certain UFO and ET phenomena and things that he had been maintaining a
file on and studying, and he said it was extensive. Now, at this time, we had not — I hadn't had
the experience, but I was receiving his knowledge. And then when I had flow in 1963 in the [? ?
?] — that's where I had contacted him and told him about that experience. And later on, when we
started attending some of the UFO conferences and everything, he brought out reams of
documents and films and pictures and stuff like this that he had assembled during that time over
there and afterwards. Amazing man.

SG: And any other personnel that you had met over the years that had been confirmed to you or
operations or [? ? ?] manage ...

WH: Not really. The — I had when I was out here - and I arrived here in 1998. I've been living
 ere in Las Vegas since then. An I l i met some people from Area 51. I had met an engineer
from out there. A c 8          ...                                                  es: This was
where they did the R&D, they did the reverse engineering on craft, and had done extensive
research of power systems; propulsion systems. But he said most of this had been moved now
and that it was over in China Lake Auxiliary, which is over by the Antelope Valley in California.

SG: Ft. Edwards complex?

WH: China Lake, yes. And other testing and more to prod ulsion system and some stuff that had
happened back in the fifties at Edwards Air Fo           Base — TA-39 was an area that was very
clas '               , o o res          was being done. at was er at Edwards Air Force Base.
Back in the fifties, President Eisenhower, or President         t senhower, actually had been at
March Air Force Base, and he was playing golf. And all of a sudden he complained about a
toothache, and said, "Well, I've got to go to Edwards Air Force Base." He said, "Well, we've got
a local dentist right here." He said, "No, I've got to go to Edwards Air Force Base." Well, the
story goes that he went to Edwards Air Force Base, the base was shut down for three days. A
large mother ship was seen flying in, and some smaller UFOs were seen flying in, and that at that
time, that President-E t Eisenhower had met with an alien chief known as Kreel.
when I lived out at Helendale and I got into the research and everything furthering the
knowledge that I had. I said, "I have got to find out about this." So I talked to the sheriff's
department; I talked to the highway patrol; I talked to the local newspaper; I talked to different
media groups and everything. I was able to actually verify that the incident did occur. I was
trying to find the base historian, and he literally had disappeared. I could not find whether he had
died; what had happened or anything like that, because I wanted to get into documents that
would support ... and any photos or anything like that as to what had taken place. And my
knowledge as to what had happened there was this was the beginning of an exchange of
information that to the technical resources they had in exchange or us iving them underground
bases to where they could do their experimentation;           lë And the ne story about the ten
thousand cattle being slaughtered — and this was up in the Wyoming-Mo tana area — and what
was explained was that it was an experiment with laser. That they had beei. mounted on Jeeps,
                                                10
on helicopters, on fixed-wing aircra on backpacks — and the only way that they could actually
physically test this without do' • : it on mankind, was basically they took and destroyed ten
thousand cattle. And that's out the best information I have.

SG: Just so you know, I had been yotking with the French government when President — it starts
with a B — was the president,     the admiral who was in charge of these projects — Frank — I
was demonstrating a contact protocol for them — setting up that protocol. The French government
sent to me a summary 1 tt , that they had, from a man who was with Eisenhower during that
meeting.

WH: Oh my gosh. That's won. - ful.7

SG: And so that is not . yth t ►at that meeting happened. And they said this is from a person
who was a first han . .resent • ring that meeting between Eisenhower and these extraterrestrial
civilizations.

WH: Well it was amazi      Because like I said, I could verify that the incident did happen.

SG: What year were %u told ...

WH: Fifty-four.    . 's what I was told.

SG: And m

WH: Didn't tel me a month.

SG: Okay, gopd.

WH: Was t t pretty accurate?

SG: Yes. ¶ther questions ...

TAKE FOUR MARKER

WH: Another near, dear friend of mine,                    was in the CIA           And he was the
one who basically briefed the presidents, as far as incoming presidents, in regard to UFO and ET
phenomena. President Reagan, just for one, was thoroughly briefed, he said. And he said, "There
are thirty-seven known ET species that are known at this time." And he said, "Might have been
as many as thirty-nine." He told me of the case of President Carter where he had gone down to
Fort Huachuca down by Sierra Vista, Arizona — where he had actually seen the body of the ET.
And he had tears in his eyes, and he says, "Oh, my God. They're alive. They're real." This is
amazing when you think about all this time that we've had — all the way from Eisenhower to now
— that the presidents have been briefed. It's been open knowledge as to their existence, and why
the American public or the world has not been acknowledged and made aware of what we know.
Through my further research and giving talks, over the years, I did personal interviews when I
would go into a major city — whether it was ew ork or Washington DC — stuff like that. I
basically asked a hundred individuals from age 'ghteen to age eighty ... I said, "Yes or no. Do
you believe, in fact, that there are ETs and         s?" And I was amazed at the percentage of
                                                11
        positive acceptance that ther were over 88% to 90% who agreed. My next question was,
        "Would you have any problem ' aving that information openly disclosed around the world."
        And I had a majority that,s ' no problem at all. So that was good news to me.

      S G You mentioned               who was a friend of yours. Whatever happened to him?

        WH: He was actually murdered in Phoenix, Arizona in 2014 in February.

        SG: And do you know the circumstances of how that ...

        WH: He was prepared to release the information that he had accumulated over the years, both in
        his official capacity as a CIA agent and presidential, and his knowledge of UFO and ET
        phenomena.

        SG: Can you share any further details of the circumstances of his murder?

        WH: Welr         s in a dilapidated motel ...
        SG: You nee           tion his name and then you can start.

        WH: O1Øj. It was                  , and he was staying in a real low-end motel down in Phoenix,
        Arizon . He had called me and he says, "I'm ready to release all this information." And he had
        shared a lot with me. He had extensive computers. He had two laptops; he had two state-of-the-
        art PCs; he had made numerous, numerous DVDs that he had put all this information on. And I
        would say in excess of a hundred DVDs. And when I got there, which was the very next day, and
        I looked at the room, and I said, "Where's all the computer equipment? Where's the duffel bag?
        Where's his trunk?" He always had those with him. And he had two backpacks that had
        information in. None of that stuff was there. Not one item. And I know that he kept stuff in a
        storage unit somewhere, and if that storage unit — I don't know whether they made him disclose
        where that storage unit was — but knowing him, he would have never told them. So somebody
        has all that information.

        SG: And he was going to provide this information to a public figure?

        WH: He was; and I'd rather not disclose who that was, if you don't mind.

        UNKNOWN: Can you restate that he was going — he was planning on disclosing this to a public
        figure.

        WH: Wells was getting ready to disclose and release this information to a very high-ranking
        political individual, and I'd rather not discuss who that was; disclose who that was.

         G: Can you share anything else that he provided to you in terms of information about the ETs
        or the UFO subject over the course of your friendship?

        WH: What was amazing about it was the fact that he basically verified information that I had
~1l     provided and everything. He said, "I just have the continuation of what you have." He didn't
        share that with me at the time; but he verified a lot of the information that I had given.

                                                        12
SG: So what is your assessment for the reason for the high level of classification and secrecy on
this subject?

WH: I think two things. One — industrial greed that basically ...

SI•Do .uw. ttore

WH: In regard to your question regarding the secrecy behind and why there has not been
disclosure regarding the UFO and ET phenomena and the facts that do exist ... I personally
believe that, one, it is industrial greed. Many companies have made exceptional profits off of the
technology, both in the communications world — Bell Laboratories — and General Electric in
regard to propulsion systems — and other major Fortune 100 companies that have shared. That's
what I personally feel. The other thing is, I think that the world has been ready; they truly believe
that the UFO and ET phenomena does exist• and the government is just ... I could tell you this
    in Europe, it is absolutely disclosed and published. I di a s king tour in Europe that I went
... I arrived in London. I spoke in London and I spoke              anchester. I spoke in Lytham St.
          I
Anne's. spoke      in Blackpool;  Cardiff  By the Sea, and  ov   in  Dublin. I made the front page of
the newspaper. I was shown holding the alien's head and t as everybody wanted to know more
and more and more. Once the newspaper came out, and s I went along, people started to
recognize me. And I just got bombarded with questions. But the world is ready to hear this and
they're tired of the games.

SG: Thank you very much.

WH: I appreciate it. Thank you, Dr. Greer, and it's wonderful to see you again.

SG: Thank you.


                                                 13
