{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:44:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 841696, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122949-crash-collusion-witness-10485-united-states-september-26-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "b6d7dc3486df7fb67e9df0484550b08e4ed4dbf00c9c9246637ad36dc9705d94"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 439, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
re fichad Allen miller-witness
09-26-1997 01: 40PM
FROM NORTHERN TRUST CO.
TO
*917042746766 P.D2
CRASHE
COLLUSION:
YOUR GUIDE TO THE FRINGE
CISSUE # 8$4.00
CRASH COLLUSION
N.8 95
ONSALE:
03/14/95
08
50644
47.
Psychedelics & Ritual Magick • Voudoun & the Mairix
Abduction Memories • The Ulfimale conspiracy
HP Lovecraft of Crop Cirdles + Sex Mysticism
Interview With Richard Alan Miller O Mind Control
Psychedelic Q&A • UFOS Reviews & More

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 4161, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• 09-26-1997 01:44PM FROM NORTHERN TRUST CO.
TO
*917842746766 P.03
A MODERN ALCHEMIST:
Richard Alan Miller has been at the forefront of many
fieldsduringhislong and varied career. A solid-state physi-
cist with graduate work at MIT, Miller was involved in
groundbreaking work for cloaked agencies in the late '60s
and early "70s. A colleague of Dr. Stanley Krippner, Miller
coauthored in 1973 the paper The Holographic Concept of
Reality — a document whose implications for
psychoenergetic systems are only now beginning to be
realized.
Like so many idealists of his era, Miller became quickly
disillusioned with the severe ethical compromises forced
on him by what he recognized as corporate manipulation.
After a brief stint as an engineer at Boeing, Miller left the
corporate world in disgust and entered the more spiritually
satisfying world of the occult. He opened Beltane Books in
Seattle and swiftly became "the Herman Slater of the West
Coast". At this time he perned several works including his
classic The Magical and Ritual Lise of Herhs.
Miller las recently co-authored, with his wife Iona, 'The
Modern Alchemist, hailed by Stanley Krippner as the most
"illuminating" study of Alchemy since Carl)ung. Before its
publication, Miller had used an electronic form of the book
as teaching material for his on-line course in Metaphysics,
taught on America Online.
CC: Tell us some stuff about yourself.
RAM: Stuff? "Stuff and junk" is the form of George
Carlin — "Stuff is my things, and junk is yours." With that,
I would recommend we startour "firstjourney" together, as
a metaphor, by discussing what I do right now. I am now
considered to be the largest spice broker in North America,
and third largest in the world — and, I teach Metaphysics
forIES (Interactive Educational System) on America Online,
a "floating campus" on the so-called "crystal wind."
You may remember from history studies in high school
that "since recorded history, the country which controlled
the spice trade has also controlled world trade." This arche-
typehas been a lact, even with Frank Herbert'snovel; about
Dune. "How can this be? For he is the Kwisatz haderach."
Two yearsago, the USDA approached me to set up my
herb and spice writings on their SANS (Sustainable Agri-
cultural Network System), but I decided to keep it with my
own Metaphysics Library (MI) on AOL -- the two enhanc-
ing cach other. There are more than 500 new possible
business plans on alterative agriculture for those who
wish to continue to live in a rural community. While you
won't find all of those in the MIL yet; I am orly just now
preparing them for upload and they will be in there by the
time of the release of this interview.
During the last ten years, I've put together more than
500 detailed technical crop reports on various spices and
herbs. This included seed sources, how to farm each as a
cash crop, harvesting, processing, marketing, and even
regenerative programs for sustainability. There are no such
dscuments of this type anywhere olse — except, perhaps,
from such previous sources as the Soviet Union/German
trade. Each report is equivalent to a major book.
From that perspective, I am considered to be "Rome."
No one else offers the marketing perspective and the vision
for the future of agriculture in North America. My books
Native Plants of Commercial Importance, and Forest Farming,
provide the framework to afford those living in the rural
Pacific Northwest to now have a chance at being able to
continue to make a living there -- even after Spotted Ow!
legislation.
Of course, thisis all a metaphor in that what 1am really
attempting here is to offer a form of sovereignty to those
who currently wish to live in rural parts of North America.
Most are considered too dysfunctional to live in a city.
Actually, would say that those who are capable of living in
the cities of today must in fact be dysfunctional to cope —
a form of "armoring?"
We all seek Antarch, a Greek word for "supreme indi.
vidual sovereignty." My father put it this way: "There are
three ways of being in this world -- the Vulgar, the Adept,
and the Exempt. The Vulgar get audited, the Adept gets

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 3678, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
09-26-1997 01:46PM FROM NORTHERN TRUST CO.
TO
*917042746756 P.04
RICHARD ALAN MILLER
money back from IRS, and the Exempt do not pay taxes —
they have a 501.C.3." What I am doing with the herb and
spice trade, then, is attempting to teach "Union with Self."
It is a "state of mind," not of either money or position.
How I do it with Spotted Owl land is simply "redefine"
what a "natural resource" is from that region, and then
developing a market for it. IfI can see it in my"mind'seye,"
I can make it part of their reality, And really, my work with
herbs arid spice has nothing atall to do with them. It was the
samo reason Frank Herbert chose "spice" for the theme
behind Dune «- it is archetypal.
I like to respond to questions in metaphor, letting the
reader determine for themselves what "I'm actually say-
ing." Like Art, this is how one creates a "myth" — or your
so-called conspiracy. And Ritual (like Magick) is the col-
ebration of that Myth. Itis an artform which previously had
only been seen in the "poetry of that action." [Videru
Telemahandi, an electronic guru in the cult film Miller co-
wIote, Eat the Sur]
CC: What did you do before you got into the spice business?
Tom Lyttle (publisher of Psychedelic Monographs and Essays)
tells us you grew up in a Buddhist monastery. I believe he said it
was of the Shaolin sect. I'd like to hear more about this.
RAM: Yes, I'lived in the Philippines for a number of my
early years and was provided much of my education from
Buddhist missionary schools. My father was part of Naval
Intelligence, stationed in Indochina,
I studied forms of Buddhist meditation during this
period, and later when i came to the United States, a special
form of Hung Gou (Dragon) with John Leong (Seattle). My
background also included Tai Chi Chaun as a "martial art"
from Chaun Te Chung (Vancouver, B.C.). Both were true
Sefu. It was this training that taught me how to change my
perception of time through "taun tien," or breath control,
This is, in effect, is how Tai Chi can be "experienced" as a
martial art.
that period. There were many world-class psychics there. A
copy of the paper on how this works is available from the
My first actual formal training began with Theosophy.
From there I explored Rosicrucians, Wicca, and Free Ma-
sonry. Soon, after reviewing the options, I came to the
conclusion that magic held the most promise. I joined a lot •
of magical groups on a more or less casual basis, I found out
about them through friends, mectings, and going to weird
places. You hear a rumor, and you pick it up and check out
the lead. Then you meet more people and they show you
somothing elso. The next thing you know, you are in front
of the real thing and you have some decisions to make about
lustratious by: fuel Rid
CC: How did you become interested in the occult, magic, and
rittual?
RAM: My first experience was as a child in high schou!.
I was part of a study conducted by Duke University, later
knownas The Foundation for the Study of Man, ily mother
was a known clairvoyant who had been observed prior.
They were checking the children to see if there was a
hereditary passing on of skills. It turned out, I am a "trans-
mitter" rather than receiver. However, using a scientific
technique based on the work of Milan Rizal, I was able to
win the Ist National Psychic Tournament at the Gnosticon
Conference, 1975, sponsored by Llewellyn Publications,
using specific models developed in a recent paper during
Some psychics use no
protection and fall
indiscriminately into
trance and are "taken
over" by a spirit which
might be benign but
could just as easily be
malevolent.
Crash Collusion P O.Box 19233 Austin, TX 78765 23

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 5126, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
09-26-1997 01:47PM FROM NORTHERN TRUST CO.
whether you are going to participate formally or not.
CC: Well, when you mention these different groups are you
talking about initiations and going through training and that sort
of thing?
. RAM: Each group had their own entrance exams and/
or demonstration of ability for grade. I originally was
collecting these things like merit badges. I wanted access
into certain kinds of groups which could demonstrate reli-
gious experiences through their initiation processes.
CC: This brings up the questions of semantics. 50, what
would you call a religious
experience? Could you de-
scribe that for me?
RAM: For me it was
atypeof connection with
somethingso far beyond
me that! was experienc.
ing it rather than having
knowledge of what was
happening, It was not so
muchaknowingasakind
of emotional catharsisfor
me. It was like a pivot
point or a landmark or a
point in space/time that
I coulo use for orienta-
CC: Speaking of alien
forces, you hizze admitted to
CC: liguess i should
One study was to look under
an electron microscope at
what was believed to be
fragments from a UFO. They
had been welded on a sub-
molecular level, somewhat
in agreement with current
theories available from
super-string theory.
*917042746765
Those are a part of your automobile's overall design. A
ritual is done sinularly, metaphorically speaking. You want
to have a sense of protection or availability of protection.
Also itbringsa cleansing, allowinga finer focusof attention.
Some psychics use no protection and fall indiscrimi-
nately into trance and are "taken over" by a spirit which
might be benign but could just as easily be malevolent. It is
difficuit to know even though these spirits assure you they
are notbad. You have no way of knowing wiere that source
of energy is coming from.
format, out ate a ai do of precio and cal riperic.
energies or archetypes. Its
been used for centurics ..
tried and true. Most new
age channeling is done
with no preparation. This
cleansing process for in-
ner work is called e
banishing preparation.
Prior, you may even take
a ritual bath or sweat.
These who automatically
or indiscriminately fall
intoatrancestate areopen
psychologically to the
prenomena di possession
by seemingly alien forces.
ton and use as a tool to
go somewhere else.
being a "Man in Black"
say, die you feel that you
(MIB) for the Army, Have
were in the presence of di-
youlearned toeat jell-O, yet?
vine forces or what? When you use the word "religion" it is such
RAM: Actually, Ididn'tfollow anyonc around, and my
a loaded term.
research was notcentered on UFOs- which looks to be one
RAM: Mystical experience is much closer to my mean-
of your central themes. I was one of their (the Army's)
ing than religious experience. I tried to choose it as a word
"bright boys" that got called in when they wanted answers
that more people would relate to, but it was not orthodox
- lots of questions, of course.
religion. It is a more direct mystical experience.
I didn't even wear black — mostly tennis shoes and
sweat shirts. Remember: I was a physicist, not an engineer
CC: So basically, once you started interacting with these
And the Jell-O stuff? Is that from Whitley Streiber? When-
groups that is when you began learning about ritual, 1 suppose.
ever I think of Jell-O, I think of Donovan (Mellow Yellow).
RAM: Yes, tricks of the trade, shortcuts. In my appren-
He was into witchcraft, but not stupid stuff like Stevie
ticeship Ilearned the whys and whercfores of structuring
ritual. Essentially it means preparing a switch to go from
CC: How did you get a job us a "Man In Black" and what
profane into "sacred" space. If you prepare a ritual cor-
sorts of projects did you work on?
rectly, you have a switch to tur off the experience so it
RAM: When I got out of graduate school in 1965, I went
doesn't take over your personality.
to work for a branch of the army (via the Pentagon). I
I've found that many times people have an uncon-
reported to Dr. Car, Schliecher (Full Bird Colonel) as a
trolled vision or psychie experience and it trightens them, it
physicist investigating paranormal phenomena. One study
led my mother, for example, to suppress her ability. What I
was to look under an electron microscope at what was
sought, realizing ! was telepatic, was a degree of control.
believed to be fragments from a UFO.
Probably the whole concept of control is illusionary, but it
My background was solid-state physics (VS), and then
was one thing that attracted me to rituai magic over other
plasmas in solids at MIT. What I observed at U. of Chicago
kindsof mysticism. Also, there is healing within the myster-
was not from this level of technology. The fragments had
ies sometimes.
been welded on a sub-molecular level, somewhat in agreg-
There are other aspects important in ritual also. You set
ment with current theories available from super-string
up your form of psychological protection. It you drive an
theory. It formed an inter-dimensional weave, soit of... It
automobile, you know what a seatbelt and an airbag mean.
was obviously manufactured and beyond our current:

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 958, "chars": 6152, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
09-26-1997 @1:48PM FROM NORTHERN TRUST CO.
technology. That was 1968
Regarding an artifact that I studied in 1969, 1 would like
to beable to tell you what l observed, but I am still not sure
myselí. Here is what I did find:
1. The specific samples 1 looked at appeared to be a foil
of some kind — 0.03 mm. It appeared to be a metal of some
sort, somewhat like that used for gunz.
2: When crumpled, it would reforn to its original
uncreased form — somewhat like rubber might when
squeezed.
3. When I fired a 50-cal. carnon atit, it crumpled around
the bullet. When examined the impact point, there were no
lattice detects or damage at the point of impact.
4. When observed un a molecular level, I found no
lattice, forms which I could identify, 1 am a solid-state
physicist, with an excellent background (during thatera). It
appeared to me to possibly have been bonded on a
submólecular level. This would make it about 10X harder
than diamond. And yet - it was non-rigid at all lattice
points.
5. It also appeared to have a variable band level for
excitation emission — especially in the hard X-band.
When asked now all this might be possible, I suggested
dimensional (or scalar) physics, which was only just begin-
ning to be postulated at that period. During that time I used
what is known as Clifford Algebra. Tris led me to some
interesting concepts, but I never had time to fully develop
these concepts into tests.
I was then taken into a different project and was never
requested to investigate further on these particular arti-
facts. Butt did see a number of other artifacts which appeared
to have somewhat similar characteristics.
What does this all mean? In that rogard, I'm not sure we
are really asking the right questions. More, I'm not sure
study of the physical plane is where we will find answers.
If you want to know more about this aspect, I strongly urge
you to read Keith Thompson's book Angels & Aliens. He
proposed that this phenomena (aliens/UFO) Is archetypal
and part oi our existance in 4-Space
He offers several excellent models on how we project
ourselves into this reality, including abduction and arti-
facts. All is suggested to be projections from something
otner than our physical selves. This is often why your very
best physicists are interested in metaphysics, Meta = beyond.
Iknowiofnolaw (exceptMaxwell's) which haslasted longer
than 20 years. Even Maxwell'sequations do not address the
, so-called scalar ("virtual") aspects of monopoles and other
• seriouśly missing components to make this relations be-
tween electric and magnetic fields.
CC: In your online posts you speak of a device you call "The
Wire. " What is this all about?
RAM: When I was working as a bio-physicist for the
Department of Anesthesiology at the University of Wash-
ingtonI invented (and made) special catheters formonitoring
instantaneous aortic output (26 MHz). I also helped design
and built biofeedback monitoring equipment (circa 1970). I
how have an operational device called "The Wire." I use
Cerman Acupuncture (Mora/Indumet) equipmentto drive
specifie wave-shaped EM pulses into the brain ear it is a
literal form of "electronic drugs."
TO
*917042746756 P.Ø6
In fact, l also have a complete Autogen (German) bio-
feedback system, even more complete than the VA
Domiciliary for the VA Hospital in Roseburg — state of the
art This is used to monitor cffects from the use of Mura/
Indumet acupuncture treatments, using EM pulses on spe-
cific point of thebody (brain, glands, smell). Ican wave-shape
and set duration with this device. As a total unit, I call it "the
, Wire," a new form of "electronic drug" — with a context in
rituals used to perform Sex Magick.
In my book, The Diamond Body (unpublished) I describe
the specific sacred geometry which make this device pos.
sible. The geometry acts as a "drug," allowing specific parts
of consciousness through what are known as Dimensional
Ciates. This is discussed in even more detail in the forthcom-
ing book Electro-Magick. I use Clifford Algebra to describe
these dimensions beyond 4-Space. As I've stated, Tactually
have a working prototype in Grants Pass right now.
You would be most welcome to visit. Would you like to
"Play a game?" I suspect that "the very worst thing that
could happen is that you came vut of this experience with-
outchange" (Leary). "We're going for the hearts and minds
of America." — Videodrome
Also, please note that Iona and I have actually written
12 further books called The Holistic Qabalah. The Modern
Alchemist (l'hanes Press) was basically written to provide
definitions of the terms used. Pantheon (unpublished) then
ofters specific guidance (as a book of tarol), and the series
then starts with walkuth. Maikuth, Path 32 on the Tree of
Life, and Yesod are all now available for download from the
ML.
CC: So you see this online class as central lo the dissemina-
tion of your work?
RAM: Of course. Are you awaro, forexample, that Time
Magazine offered an interview two months ago with six ot
theleading computer experts —allstating they now believe
that a sentient entity now "lives" on the Internet? Further;
they all six think that it is "hostile," introducing super-
viruses thatarevirtually undetectable byourcurrentmodem
technologies. "What does this all mean?" (asked P'ercivalas
he held the Grail). It right take on some interesting direc-
tions of its own. For example, why is the occult BBS the
fastest-growing trend in the national BBScommunity? Nen
Yorkhad 800 new BBSlast year, 600 of which were "pagan."
Why is that?
CC: Good question.
[Miller's Metaphysics classes meet on Monday Nights,
6:00 PMPDST (9:00 PM EDST). The next term begins on July!
25th and will cover the topic "Sex Magick in Full Form."
There will be & formal classes and two chat classes, each
lasting 1.5 hours. Interested parties should contact
Sauriere @AOL.com for sign-up details and access to the
ML (Metaphysics Library). Richard Alan Miller may be
reached at DrRam@AOL.com or at NORTHWEST
BOTANICALS, INC. 2185 S.E. Portola Drive Grants Pass,
OR 97526. Look for a review of his new book, The
Modern Alchemist, in the next issuc of Crash
Collusion. I
