{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:42:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 376502, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122989-witness-10663-can-remote-viewing-penetrate-the-ufo-et-enigmas.pdf", "source_sha256": "78970e5a94f91be9f2eece3d48cb1b5c6971e2648e223268b00f8e265c5cf460"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2215, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 1
CAN REMOTE-VIEWING PENETRATE THE
UFO-ET ENIGMAS
XX
A group of 26 rest 192dividiscuss taranormal matter
matters.
I
indicated that psychic research and ETs shared a common boundary
in that all
abductees say
that the ETs communicate
telepathically, while many other (but not all) accompanying
phenomena are apparently psychic in nature.
I then spoke at some length on whether remote-viewing (a
series of psychic processes) could be used
to penetrate the
psychic and other aspects of the UFO-ET enigmas.
I also pointed
out that conventional UFO-ET researchers have been reluctant to
consider a psychic approach to the situations involved, and that
many of them discount it entirely, even though the most common
denominator between humans experiencing ET contacts or abductions
is psychic in nature.
The reasons for this avoidance are
various, and some are substantial; but the avoidance on our part
is a point of curious interest that has come to light in my
thinking.
Why do UFO-ET researchers erect a professional or
disciplinary barrier between human and ET psychic activities?
Since I am not sure my
• comments at the informal gathering
all the sense I would have liked for them, I thought I would
reprise and expand a little on certain of them herein.
First, it must be remembered that the term remote-viewing
existence at the ASPR in New York in 1972 to describe a
specific kind of experiment in which distance between subject and
"target" was a notable factor.
Remote-viewing does not refer to
specific psychic abilities, although many subsequently assumed it
dia.
Second, remote-viewing as an activity performed by a
"viewer" has been demonstrated (between 1973 and 1982) to consist
of a series of subtle mind-dynamic processes whose origins in the
viewer are pre-conscious as described, for example, by Dr. Norman
Dixon in his monumental studies on subconscious, subliminal, and
pre-conscious processes.
Third, Iemote-viewing sometimes manifests spontaneously in
certain individuals and in such cases demonstrates an accuracy
yield of the distant "target" of between 15-50 percent, but
usually at the lower end.
The most significant remote-viewing
mind-dynamic processes, however, were understood by 1982,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
resulting in specific training techniques which if acquired and
precisely maintained can increase the accuracy yield, to between
65-95 percent.
Fourth, and very importantly,
the accuracy yield, however,
can only be confirmed if adequate feed-back regarding the
"target" is possible. Since this feed-back
is probably not going
to be quickly possible regarding the UFO-ET situations, the use
of remote-viewing (RV) processes to assess those situations will
fall for an indefinite time into the realms of psychic
speculating.
It is for this reason that I personally have not
undertaken to apply remote-viewing processes to those situations
since any RV results would fall into the realm of speculation at
least from the viewpoints of potential users of the RV-acquirea
information.
Fifth, RV of the UFO-ET situations presents novel problems
which differ considerably from, for example, using RV to
groblems
ascertain characteristics of geophysical Earth sites -- and
a
consideration of the most notable of these novel situations
comprises
the remainder of this brief document.
Generally speaking, what a remote-viewer "sees" must fall
within the viewer's experiential
realities in order to be
"recognized"
engage the viewer's analytical processes
reason and logic in order to be "interpreted"
Anything "seen"
which
does
not correspond with these two important preceptual
factors
will not, as trained remote-viewers know, be
"decoded"
very well, if at
all. The basis for this difficulty is well
recognized in conventional perceptual research.
If a person sees
something they have never seen before, they will not know what it
is.
Even trained remote-viewers are not excused
from this
difficulty, although they are trained to identify its presence.
When someone sees
something they have never seen
before,
they cannot recognize it for what it is because what it is falls
outside of
their recognition-interpretation boundaries.
But, in
such cases, secondary analytical interpretation mechanisms
usually go to work by providing comparisons of what is not known
to what is known.
Indeed, all of us interpret what we encounter
through what we know -- which leads to the well-known phenomena
of people interpreting what they encounter through their beliefs.
realities, and expectations.
Perceived information which fits
our realities is accepted,
even if it is only secondary
interpretation; what does not fit is rejected, with the added
difficulty that what does not fit is often not "seen" in the
first place.
In this way, a curious reversal takes place.
We assess what
we perceive by what we have already experientially preceived-
assessed in the past.
When we
encounter phenomena (such as UFO-
ETs), we are likely to interpret those phenomena not as they are

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2827, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
in themselves, but by projecting our secondary understanding onto
them -- and then making the mistake of assuming our secondary
understanding is correct.
Conventional UFO-ET research is rife
wevidencer, and many researchers tend to interpret UFO-ET
to suit their given understandings and acquired
realities.
This
same situation will plague RV attempts to penetrate the
UFO-ET enigmas, which are enigmas because few if any of them
appear to correspond to, as I will call them, Earth-based
secondary understandings and
realities which
are being widely
used interpret and understand UFO-ET stuff by professional
researchers
and lay
observers alike. The real realities, so to
speak, of UFO-ETs
lie with them, and we on Earth have not erected
bank which identically can correspond with their
realities.
Thus, we interpret their realities through our own,
identifying their realities within the scope of our Earth-bound
understandings regarding our understanding levels of science,
astrophysics, technology, politics, psychology, cultural,
religious, philosophical, and sociological orientations.
remote-viewing parlance (which is developing its own vocabulary),
all this is called front-loading.
Frontloading is
a significant problem
with regard to gaining
understanding both of
psychic capabilities
and UFO-ET situations.
Any meaningful attempt to penetrate UFO-ET realities by RV must
be preceded by discovering ways and means to transcend this
significant Earth-bound problem -- and how this is to be
accomplished is not at all clear, at least to me.
Beyond this
significant situation, I fully expect that the
UFO-ET "hardware"
can be perceived and
rendered visible in drawn
or modeled forms by qualified remote-viewers -- some of which has
already been done.
However, it is not at all certain whether
UFO-ET hardware is always hardware as we might interpret such
since UFO-ETs apparently disobey all the physical laws we
normally attribute to hardware.
A piece of hardware that
vanishes is not exactly "hard"
in doing so.
Thus, the use of the
phrase "UFO-ET hardware" has implications which fall outside of
our Earth-bound interpretations, and will do so even for the
remove-viewer.
So the matter of escaping Earth-based
understandings is not straight-forward even from that aspect.
Although others may with justification adopt other
approaches to the RV aspect,
from my point of view it would
appear that psychic information about UFO-ETs needs to be
impartially collected over time Without subjecting it to analysis
-- all of which would probably be founded in some kind of Earth-
bound understanding. Eventually, as the collection grows, it
might itself suggest some correlations or consistencies internal
to it.
I would suspect that if these correlations or
consistencies
are experienced as alien to our understanding, it
