{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:43:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1820658, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122978-astronaut-gordon-cooper-letter-to-un-ambassador-griffith-nov-9-1978.pdf", "source_sha256": "8154e23523082d5a886dace3a7bd957bcd8f9022d7d271c31bbf7d03d3d0f0c4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2653, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-EVILLE, NO 29813
DC - III/37
WED ENTERPRISES • A Division of Buena Vista Distribulion Co., Inc., subsidiary of Walt Disney Froductions
-
505:033000
Anbassador Griffith
Mission of Grenada to the United Nations
November 9, 1978
Dear Ambassador Griffith:
I wanted to convey to you my views on our extra-terrestrial visitors
popularly referred to as "UFO's", and suggest what might be done to
properly deal with them.
• I believe that chese extra-terrestrial vehicles and their crews are
visiting this planet from other planets, which obviously are a little
more technically advanced than we are here on earth.
I feel that
we need to have a lup level, coordinated program to scientifically
collect and analyze data from all over the earth concerning any type
of encounter, and to determine how best to interface with these visitors
in a friendly fashion. We may first have to show them that we have
learned to resolve our problems by peaceful neans, rather than warfare.
before we are accepted as fully qualified universal team members.
This
acceptance hould have tremendous possibilities of advancing our world
in all areas.
Certainly then it would seem that the UN has a vested
interest in handling this subject properly and expeditiously.
D
D
I should point out that i am not an experienced UFO professional
researcher.
I have not yet had the privilege of flying a UFO, nor of
meeting the crew of one.
I do feel that i am somewhat qualified to discuss
them since I have been
into the fringes of the vast areas in which they
travel.
Also, I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of observation
of many flights of them, of different sizes, flying in fighter formation,
generally from east to west over Europe.
They were at a higher altitude
than we could reach with our jet fighters of that time.
I would also like to point out that most astronauts are very reluctant
to even discuss UFO's due to the great numbers of people who have indes-
eriminately sold fake storles and forged documents abusing their names
to have a participation in the UFO fleld have had to do so very cautiously.
There are several of us who do believe in UFO's and who have had occasion
to see a UFO on the ground, or from an airplane. There was only one occasion
from space which may have been a UFO.
If the UN agrees to pursue this project, and to lend their credibility
to it,'perhaps many more well qualified people will agree to step forth
and provide help and information.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
GALAC DIE
Sincerely,
LGC : jm
L. Gordon Cooper
Col.
USAF (Ret)
Astronaut
: ARE MURRAVISTACTE:JE. AU cadd sono Buenacissa frina 19930-420 2271
NOV 1 5 1978

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2326, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ETC.89 Page 462 Saturday, July 3, 1999 6:13 AM
Gordon Cooper-9 November 1978
UC-111/37
WED ENTERPAISES • A Civision of Buena Vista Disinbution Co., Inc.. subsidiary ef Wall Disney Frodustions
- itayintings
Hoverber 9, 1978
Aabassador Griffith
Miscion of Franada to the Unlted Hasions
•
Dear Ambassador Griffith:
views on our extra-terrestrial visitors
popularly referred to as "UFO's", and suggest what might be done to
properly deal with them.
D I believe
more technically advanced than we are nerd on earth.
I feel that
we need to have
a Lup
level, coordinated program to scientifically
ollect and analyze data from all over the earth concerning any typ
of encounter.
and to datermine how best to interface with these visicor
In a friendly fashion.
We
may first have
to shoe them that we hav
Scarceo
reselve our problens by peacaful nans, rather tlian warfare
before nee me ad have tre endus possibines of lancing bur word
acceptance would have tremandous possibilities of advancing our
in ail areas.
certainly then it would seem that the
UN has a vested
interest in handling this subject properly and expeditiously.
I should point out that I am not an experlenced UFO
researcher.
meeting the crew or not yet had the privilege of flying onl
san Somebat alted to discuss
them since | have been into the fringes
vast areas in which they
travel.
days ar observation
of many
flights of them, of different sizes,
flying in fighter formation,
wast over Europe.
They
were or a higher altitude
than we could reach with our jot fighters of that time.
to even discuss UFO's due to the great nunbers of people who have indes-
eriminately sold fake storles and forgad documents abusing their names
and reputations without hesitation.
Those few astronauts who have continuad
to have & participetion In tha UTO fiald have had to da so very cautiously.
D
• There are several of us who da belleve in UFO's and who hava had occasior
to see a UFO on the ground, or from an alrplane. There was only ons occasion
from space which may have been a UFO.
If the Wil agrees to pursue this project, and to lend their credibillty
to it, perhaps many more well qualifled people will agree to step fort!
and provide help and information.
I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
LGC: jm
Sincerely.
Poke Co.
• Gordon Coope:
Col. USAF (Hot
NOV 151979
462
