{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-04T06:26:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31337787, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304161454614414, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122972-astronaut-gordon-cooper-leap-of-faith-excerpts.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540931110000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/122972-astronaut-gordon-cooper-leap-of-faith-excerpts.pdf", "source_sha256": "b5d0a1a6674b8064299c5a32dd093008f5cc162638ece35996f33a9318091783"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 241, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AUG 08 '03 1
P. 01
Dale: 8-8-03
FAX
To:
Fax No:
Telephone:
From
Partio:
Telephone:
No. of Pages: Lead + 9
Remarks:
Steve, You gotta read this!
+ only tered capts 1y ilb, but thareś
GET THE ROOK?
Call me if you want to talk,
All good wisher,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 777, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One of the venal Merun /aute
lap milary test palate bosen tor
Amercas newly
fored manned
space oxploration prograin - Gordon
Cooper made lasters
Neer to the
compelling, dos i cath menon,
he recalls hs adventurns te dash
in the envela in ma coops sI
planes and spacerott alike He also
lanks beard the nes maderm al
space travel, offering deeply feld
vens on the existence of extrater-
restrial intelligence- inching he
distinct possibility dat we hast.
alcody inade colat
ISBN 0-06-109677-9
09877
www haiteral ins.com
U.S.$6.99
CAN.$9.99
99455 00699 6ł
LOS ANGELES TIMES BESTSELLER
LEAP
OF
FAITH
"An exciting insider's look at Projects Mercury, Gemini and
Apollo. full of startling details about NASA's internal politics.
disasters, glitches and close calls." Publishers Weekly

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
Help from the Cosmos?
THE MIDDLE-AGED MAN COULD HAVE BBEN WAITING
at any bus stop in America that summer day. He wore
chinos, a faded shirt, and tattered gym shocs. His Coke-
bottle glasses had been repaired at the temple with
black electrician's tape. He walked into my office at the
Disney Imagineering complex in Glendale clutching a
brown paper lunch bag as if his life depended on it.
I had gone to work for Disney in the mid-1970s as
vice president for research and development. The word
had gotten out the past couple of years that I had an
open-door policy when it came to considering new
technologies from any and all sources.
After brief introductions, the guy explained that he'd
been working for years on an "advanced engine" but
had found no one willing to give him the time of day.
I had heard much the same from others who had
walked in off the street with some of the most fantastic
things I'd ever seen. Without college degrees, financial
backing, or high-powered contacts, many of these
folks had found it difficult to be taken seriously. It was
230
LEAP OF FAITH
239
a shame. In the history of the world, lots of "little peo-
ple" had been responsible for some big breakthroughs.
How could any of us be too busy or too important to be
receptive to new ideas for improved technologies?
I listened, wondering if he had his super engine"
out in the parking lot. About then, my visitor reached
into his lunch bag and pulled out a tiny reciprocating
engine. It started right up.
I couldn't believe my eyes. It was the smallest work-
ing four-cycle motor I'd ever seen. But work it did-
humming along like The Little Engine That Could.
The backward and forward motion of its tiny pistons
produced rotary movement of a crankshaft about the
width of a pencil.
I showed my amazement, and the inventor swelled
with pride.
Disney was building lots of new rides and exhibits at
its amusement parks, I explained. Taking down his
name, phone number, and other pertinent information,
I promised to call in the event that we needed self-
propulsion on a small scale.
I meant it too.
Before he left, the man shut down his engine and re-
turned it to the paper bag. He walked out with a new
bounce to his step. He and his invention had been ap-
preciated, if not bought, and he was pleased to have
been recognized at last.
For me, it was still another reminder to avoid making
a judgment based on someone's appearance. Who knew
what brilliance lurked behind the patched-up hom-rim
glasses of the guy waiting at the next bus stop?
Another amateur inventor had come in with a stereo-
optic camera and projector that allowed viewers to see

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3322, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
240
Gordon Cooper
a movie in 3-D without wearing special glasses. He ac-
complished the effect with two lenses in the camera
and projector aad by projecting the motion-picture im-
ages onto a special rough-textured sereen. This idea we
bought, and spent money developing it. In the end it
went into a warehonse and never saw the light of day. I
believed the decision was a political one-the capital
investment that would be required of the theater own-
ers, who are a powerful industry force, was probably
what killed this new, potentially revolutionary movie
system.
Nevertheless, big things were happening at Disney
at the time. We had a large R&D budget and were
working on a number of alternative energy projects, in-
cluding an electric vehicle, solar-powered systems of
different kinds, and experimental residential use of my
old friend from Gemini 5: the fuel cell.
We had taken a small tract of Florida homes off the
public utilities grid and wired each one with its own in-
dividual fuel cell. The fuel cells supplied all the elec-
tricity for the homes, and because they ran on natural
gas, there were no residual pollutants at all. I was per-
plexed about why it had taken all this time for the fuel
cell, which had made trips to the Moon and other ex-
tended manned space exploration possible, to be put to
such a simple commercial test. We found them to be
very proficient, although the particular brand we were
using turned out to require quite a lot of maintenance
and repair. Fuel cell design has since improved greatly,
and I expect to see them in homes of the future as well
as in electric cars, thereby eliminating the need for
banks of batteries that need to be recharged every hun-
dred miles or so.
LEAP OF FAITH
₴41
Epcot Center was coming together, and lots of inter-
esting projects were flowing from that development,
which involved alliances with major companies such
as General Motors, General Electric, and RCA. One
afternoon several of us from various companies and in
different locations held the world's first closed-circuit
satellite conference in real time. I had access to the in-
ner sanctums at Disney and other firms, and felt I was
involved in some interesting work.
I was still flying whenever possible, and Disney had
its own plane, which was available to me from time to
time. But I did miss NASA's T-38sand having my
own jet to run around in. Once you've flown a jet fighter
and gone to afterburner just for kicks, no other airplane
matches up. A fighter is not unlike what they say about
a stunningly beautiful and mysterious woman: exciting
and at times unpredictable, but worth the danger.
For several weeks in 1978 a woman whose name I
didn't recognize had been trying to reach me at my of-
fice, but I was always tied up or away and she declined
to leave her number. One morning she called and my
secretary put her through.
The woman introduced herself and invited me to
lunch.
"Lunch?" I said, somewhat taken aback. "What's
this about?"
"I think we have some mutual interests."
As I said, there's something about a mysterious
woman. And Valerie Ransone turned out to be beauti-
ful too. She was a brown-eyed blonde in her late twen-
ties who bore a resemblance to the French actress
Catherine Deneuve.
We went to a barbecue place for lunch. It didn't take
AUG 08 '03 13:06

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3088, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
242
Gordon Cooper
long for me to appreciate that this was one smart lady.
With a master's degree in broadcast journalism, she
had worked for network radio, covering a Midwest
news beat during the Watergate scandal. She then
worked for the White House during the Ford adminis-
tration, helping develop a national energy conserva-
tion program, with an office in the new Executive
Office Building next to the White House. As a strate-
gic planner, she worked on devising ways to better ed-
neate Americans about energy concems and undertook
a thorough examination of big oil and the role of
Shell, Exxon, and Mobil in the worsening energy cri-
sis that would lead to long lines at gas staions. Valerie
said she'd investigated alternative energy sources and
techhologies, like solar collectors and wind genera-
tors, but found most of them too small-scale to service
the demand.
Valerie had held some important positions for her
age, although she carried herself not with arrogance
but with the air of someone who knew her place in the
world. She also wasted little time getting to the point.
ạiI have a plan to bring together a group of technical
people who have unusual talentsạshe said before our
salads even arrivedạI know Disney is doing some in-
teresting things, but there are other technologies vastly
more advanced. I'd like you to consider helping me as-
semble the nucleus for a private technology groupạ
"I already have a job," I said.
"I'm talking about advanced technologies. Tech-
nologies we need to understand if we are to solve the
problems that threaten mankind's potential as a raco."
"Uh-huh.
LEAP OF FAITH
243
Her eyes bore into mine.
"You must understand, Colonel. I have access to un-
usual helpẠỊ
I nodded.
Then she gave me both barrels. "My source of
knowledge is not of this planet."
She knows my feelings about UFOs and is putting
me on. It was my turn to look hard at her. She didn't
flinch from my icy stare.
From meeting the stream of people off the street
with their inventions, I knew that out of every ten peo-
ple, three or four were various shades of nut cases. An-
other three or four-like a fellow who had come in that
morning with batteries vastly superior to those made
by Ever Ready-would be for real. I didn't yet know to
which group Valerie Ransone belonged,
"Sounds interesting;" I said as casually as I'd say,
"Pass the butter:"
"There is a universal intelligence that permeates the
- Earth. The source can originate from any one of nu-
merous points. I know because I am getting these sig-
nals and have been for years. I think we're involved in
a grand communication experiment." With a smile, she
addedạẠỌ his experiment moves the idea of broadcast
journalism to a whole new level of possibility."
Who is this articulate, bright-eyed woman? I won-
dered.
"The point is," she went on after the waiter came
with our entrees and left, "there is a significant intelli-
gence source in the universe that wants us to succeed.
They're willing to serve as intermediary so we can
evolve as a people and a civilization, but we need to
AUG 08 ' 03 13:07

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3196, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
244
Gordon Cooper
do the spadework for ourselves. No one is coming
here from another planet to do it for us. And time is
running outẠỊi
She said a parent group had been forned with of-
fices in Washington, D.C., where she had an office. She
explained that a subsidiary, the Advanced Technology
Group, would be responsible for testing aad imple-
menting new and revolutionary technologies.
ạWe're putting together a network of thinkers, inno-
vators, engineers, teachers, scholars, scientists, and so-
cial policy analysts who are ready to contribute their
research to help desigu a new landscape for tomorrow.
'We're going to bring together talented people and con-
" cepts for high technologies that are very exciting.
Everyone will have their own role-their own area of
experise, Propulsion. Medicine. Electronics.. And
most important: energy technology to provide us as a
nation, and as a globe, with a clean, renewable, unlim-
ited source of power. We can use your help."
"Why me?" I asked.
Ạour credibility from the space program would
help attract. the best technical people possibleại she
said. "They'll need to build new equipment to prove
some of these theories to the world. We'll provide the
context for that to happeniại
I dove into my barbecued beef thinking it might be
wise to get lunch over with, but then a funny thing hap-
pened. The more she talked, the more intrigued I be-
came. I had enough skepticism that I was simply
listening, nothing more. At the same time, my lifelong
openness to new and unusual possibilities both on
Earth and in the vastness of space kept me in my seat.
LEAP OF FAITH
245
By the time we fished lunch, she'd piqued my in-
terest sufficiently that I agreed to meet with her again,
and to keep listening.
We met several times over the next few months.
Each time we perted, I was even more impressed with
her intelligence, insight, and enthusiasm. I saw no
weirdness, foolishness, or quackery. Valerie Ransone
was a thinker and a doer-a nice mix.
Along the way, she introduced me to a number of in-
dividuals who were willing to contribute their expert-
ise to her effort. I found them to be technically very
qualified: outstanding scientists and researchers, many
with private, university, and even military lab affilia-
tions. In some cases they had been ostracized by their
peer groups and professional organizations because
they were "way out there" in their theories. The way-
out part didn't bother me as long as their math and sci-
ence were sound, That they appeared to be well
qualified, and at the same time believed in Valerie Ran-
sone and were ready and willing to join the Advanced
Technology Group, meant something. Some had
known her for years, and were true believers. I saw
what she offered them: hope that they might be able to
prove their own and other new technologies to make
the world a better place.
They were ready to take the leap.
I was not yet there; I needed more information. It
came slowly, as in working a giant jigsaw puzzle one
piece at a time.
Valerie Jean Ransone was born in Illinois to an up-
per-middle-class family. Her father was an engineer
and her mother a stay-at-home Mom. Valerie had al-
AUG 08 ' 03 13:07

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 3428, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
246
Gordon Cooper •
ways been a quick leamer and excelled in school. I
learned that she was born with some unique abilities,
such as a photographic memory, a strong sensitivity to
"energy fields?'and an "openness' to assorted "elec-
tromagnetic signals She explained matter-of-factly:
"Some of us just have bigger antennae."
She confided in me that when she was seventeen
years old she'd had her first "contact experience" while
driving home alone after attending a summer party.
She told of experiencing six hours of "missing time,
and said that her life had been irrevocably changed.
After we had known each other a few months, Va-
lerie went into more detail about her first contact." She
said a "space civilization" of beings more advanced
than humans had contacted her. This civilization repre-
sented the highest minds in the universe" and was
seeking individuals with unique capabilities: people
with whom it could communicate via telepathic trans-
fers, providing technological and other information.
She referred to her "contact group® as UIC-Universal
Intelligence Consortium. "This intelligence consortium
presented this to me as a matter of world peace. I was
told that if we succeeded it would be a natural progres-
sion of man's evolutionary processes. If we failed, the
possibilties were unthinkable. I felt I had no choice but
to stumble along and pursue this course in good faith."
Valerie said she agreed to be used as a "telepathic
conduit." She later found out, she explained, "that I
wasn't the only one who agreed to participate in the
experiment. The communication plan, as it was out-
lined to me back in 1968, sounded rational. As rational
as aaything could sound to a seventeen-year-oldi
More than once she repeated to me her original
LEAP OF FAITH
247
pledge, made upon that first contact, that she would
participate in the 'communication experiment" as long
as no one was harmed and only if the process con-
tributed to world peace. "I was attracted by the idea of
world peace amidst the ugly backdrop of the Vietnam
War," she went on. Here was something I could do,
though I must admit that had I known what I know
now, I would have said I wasn't up to the task. I've
never had a problem receiving signals, although it can
be physically exhaasting. The problem comes when
the consciousneas returns to daily living-the inordi-
nately difficult task of clearing my mind of everything
I've taken in and then carrying on a normal conversa-
tion with people or just going to the supermarket and
buying broccoli or taking the cat to the vet. Often I
would receive contradictory information, telepathi-
cally, from what was emerging from a person's mouth
who was standing directly in front of me. The benefit
was that my BS meter worked all the time, seven days
a week, without an off switch."
Her establishment credentials disarmed many, Va-
lerie said with a mischievous smile. "Because of where
I came from, I was allowed entry into some fonner
male bastions of power that had been unaccessible to
WomeniẠạ
Brains and beauty are a powerful combination, I
thought, while considering the astonishing scenario of
a well-educated young woman working at an impor-
tant post in the White House while claiming to be in
contact with extraterrestrials.
It made Watergate seem awfully puny.
After leaving the White House, Valerie taught com-
munications and media production at a private college
AUG 08 '03 13:08

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3314, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
248
Gordon Cooper
in Washington, D.C. One day, following her lecture
about dolphins and interspecies communication, a stu-
dent told her of a lecture that evening by a well-known
medical doctor and researcher with a long-time interest
in paranormal communication. Valerie attended the
lecture that night by Dr. Andrija Puharich, a graduate
of the Northwestern School of Medicine,
Dr. Paharich, who had a long-time interest in study-
ing psychic phenomena, told of working with some
gifted "space kids" "all with big antennae of their
owniValerie explained-brought in from seven coun-
tries to take part in extended scientific experiments in
Ossining, New York, not far from New York City.
*After the lecture, Valerie went up to the podium and
told Puharch, "Doctor, I'm one of your space kids."
He invited her to visit hia lab, and soon came to value
her telepathic abilities as well as her administrative
skills. He hired her as a research assistant in 1977. Her
job was to identify, document, and test many of the
space kids who came for regular evaluation to the pri-
vate lab at Puharich's estate compound.
I leamed that Dr. Puharich was for real and was do-
ing research on contract for the U.S. government-
even the military. Valerie arranged for us to meet in
Washington, and I found him to be brilliant. We dis-
cussed electromagnetic energy and talked for an hour
about various advanced propulsion systems for space
travel.
Dr. Puharich had previously discovered a young Is-
raeli who had gone on to fame: Uri Geller. Like Geller,
Valerie was able to bend utensils with mind power.
*I wasn't too good with spoons, she told me at one
of our lunches, laughing. "I specialize in forks."
LEAP OF FAITH
249
I wanted to know how it worked.
*Anyone can learn to do it. It's just mind over matter."
"Show me.!
Rubbing her index and middle fingers over the hump
part of the fork but not touching the metal, she closed
her eyes, and within thirty seconds the fork began to
bend and kept moving until the prongs nearly touched
the handle.
This was the restaurant's fork, not Valerie's, and she
had accomplished the feat without touching the uten-
sil. I was convinced I had seen the real thing, not a par-
lor trick.
Valerie described the space kids as "long-time tuned
inạThey spent time in Ossining perfecting their tele-
pathic skills. "Telepathic powers," Valerie went on,
ạare part of human evolution. The potential lies in
every human being. You just need to eliminate the dis-
traction." They also practiced "remote viewing," in
which the power of the subconscions is used to
"travel" to different times and places and "see" actual
events. (The U.S. military and CIA had secretly be-
come involved in remote viewing research and, unbe-
knownst to Valerie at the time, was funneling money
into Puharich's private research group in the further-
ance of what became known as psychic espionage."
The CLA's program, known as Stargate, would not be-
come public until fifteen years later, and only when
former government "remote viewers began to come
forth with their stories in articles and books.)
Pubarich conducted experiments in a "Faraday
cageạinamed after Michael Faraday, who in 1831
rocked the scientific world with his discovery that
magnetism could produce electricity if it was accom-
AUG 08 ' 03 13:08

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3280, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
250
Gordon Cooper
panied by motion. The cage was a rectangular metal
box approximately eight by eight by twelve feet,
which was lined with copper and placed on insulated
supports. Inside was a complete electrical vacuum-
no electromagnetic waves such as TV and radio sig-
nals could penetrate the cage. This was the environment
for various communications experiments to see if the
subject was picking up signals from other sources of
intelligence.
ẠWith the shielding, communications came through
much clearer when we were in the cage," Valerie said.
This was important, she explained, because it served as
a "double-blind experiment to isolate signals, making
certain the subject was not "reading information from
the biofield or local environment 'Psychics can read
off someone else's field. We didn't want that. We
weeded out the fakes."
Valerie explained that "space civilizations of beings
more advanced than we on EarthẠạhad made contact
through telepathic means with members of the re-
search group. During her time in Ossining, she said she
documented twelve civilizations that appeared to have
"receivers or agents of change" operating on Earth, "a
sort of relay network." These receivers were particu-
Jarly clear, she said, among the youth-the younger
space kids who had sought out Dr. Paharich to have
their extraordinary, and at times disturbing, natural
gifts validated.
Valerie said it had been a priority of hers to docu-
ment the messages that "came through the space kids,"
making sure that no one-not Dr. Puharich or anyone-
was planting subliminal or hypnotic suggestions in the
minds of these subjects. "I becaae one hundred per-
LEAP OF FAITH
25
cent certain that no suggestions were being plantedạẠi
she said.
In all, she worked with some thirty-five of Paharich's
space kids, ranging from twelve to fifty-five years of
age. She helped collect the information that came
through each transmission and cross-correlated the
data with the content of other transmissions to isolate
the "civilizations with whom communication was oc-
curing."
Using her "own access to extraterrestrial sources,*
Valerie would attempt to confirm or deny the authen-
ticity of information contained in Dr. Puharich's Fara-
day experiments. Often this information would be of a
highly technical nature. Without formal training in sci-
ence, she would use other resources and experts in var-
ious disciplines to validate the accuracy of the
content-for the most part, she explained, "backing
into the contenti because she didn't know what it
meant ontil it was analyzed by the experts. Often, she
said, the answers and questions that came through"
were offered by "other intelligences" without any for-
mal inquiry having been madeạẠỌ$ began to wonder if
our minds weren't being read," she told me.
Valerie explained that she had for some time been
"pretty much a computer," bringing in transmissions in
"several different languages." She didn't use the term
-channel to describe what she did, and she attached no
mysticism to it. She preferred to be seen as aiạẠpioneer
in a new field of communication: interdimensional
communicationằ_
And suppose it was true?
I believed that the big question everyone liked to ask
about when we might make contact with an extrater-
AUG 08 '03 13:2

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3314, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
252
Gordon Cooper
restrial intelligence wasn't all that weighty. There had
been too many credible people with proven cases of
sightings and contacts with UFOs, fiying saucers, and
other vehicles clearly not of this world to keep debat-
ing that issue. There has been contact-period. I al-
ways felt that these were the more important questions:
Now what were we going to do about it? Was there a
way we could sit down with them and learn about some
advanced technologies?
Suppose everything Valerie Ransone said was for
real?
What if she and some other select people were re-
ceiving signals from an advanced civilization?-the
kind of alien signals NASA had been trying at great
expense to pick up for years. Suppose they were just
coming in on different wavelengths-not radio fre-
quencies that could be picked up by SETT's radio as-
tronomers but via telepathic messages to people who
had such communication skills?
What might that kind of assistance mean in the his-
tory of mankind?
The heck with getting to the Moon first, or even a
Mars landing. This would be bigger. Much bigger.
I had been talking about UPOs and the very real
possibility of extraterrestrial intelligence for years.
Was it time for me to put up or shut up?
I had long believed it vital to keep an open mind and
not lock up on the status quo. Remarkable new tech-
nologies that we can't envision in the present are al-
ways around the corner. I had seen that in the space
program. Without open minds, we'd still be gazing up
at the Moon wondering what kind of cheese it was
made of.
LEAP OF FAITH
253
What interested me most was the promise of new
technologies. Our track record in this country is dismal
when it comes to developing and utilizing advanced
technologies. Look how agonizingly long it took the
fuel cell to make its way from space to everyday life,
even in a small way. Throughout my military career
and years with NASA, I saw people willing to stifle ad-
vanced technologies in favor of business as usual. I had
fought such narrow-mindedness with every ounce of
my being. When I was a test pilot at Edwards, I worked
on the early digital electronic flight controls and found
them much more efficient, and a lot safer, than the tra-
ditional hydraulic controls. It was an improved design
change that should have been instituted in new aircraft
immediately-for safety alone. But how long did it
take? Thirty-five years. Seeing such vastly superior
technology ignored by the *experts" had been a nearly
lifelong frustration.
Valerie was clear about what she hoped to accom-
plish. She envisioned the group building prototypes of
electromagnetic propulsion systems and other free-
energy devices; developing technologies to conserve
Earth's natural resources; conducting contract research
and development work with governments and scien-
tific institutions around the world. The possibility of
using medical devices with low-frequency pulses to
heal wounds and stimulate bone growth particularly
interested her. She also favored advanced research on
paranormal phenomena and establishing a clearing-
house for information on new technologies to he
shared among private firms and government agencies.
"I have been led to believe that our planet and inhabi-
tants can be healed, physically and mentally, and eval-
AUG 08 '03 13:09

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2545, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
254
Gordon Cooper
uated spiritually so that open communication with ex-
traterrestrial civilizations can be realized within our
lifetime. Whatever small part I have in making that
happen-well, that's my goal, Gordoni
For my part, from observing Valerie and the techni-
cal contributors in their animated discussions about
theory and science, I realized that exciting possibilities
could be on the horizon. She had already proved to
many of these experts an ability to produce vital bits of
information that bridged gaps in their existing re-
search. Beyond the question of where this data came
from, the fact was that these researchers felt they could
take the information and develop some extraordinary
new technology.
I was willing to at least give that part a try.
When I asked where the money was going to come
from to finance research and development and pay
salaries and expenses, Valerie shrugged.
"You've got me. What I've been saying all along is
that when the right people are gathered, the money will
be there."
I thought that was being extremely hopeful, if not
naive. I assumed that short of an extraterrestrial civi-
lization making greenbacka or gold bars for us, we
would at some point have to solicit financial backing.
But what would it cost me except some time and effort?
While I was in a full-time job at Disney, I had flexibil-
ity in my hours-and there were always weekends. As
long as I could work things around my schedule-
"We'Il work around your schedule," she promised.
I agreed to come aboard, ready for what, exactly, I
did not know.
The Space Shuttle Transmission
THERE COULD BE TROUBLE WITH THE SPACE SHUTTLE."
It was December 1978.
By then Valerie Ransone and I had been working for
a solid year and with great effort to get the Advanced
Technology Group up and running. Typical of a new
business in the planning, some things had gone
smoothly and others had not. We had a handpicked
team of top-caliber researchers and inventors who had
agreed to come aboard. We had a targeted start-up date
and had secured some early financing.
"What kind of trouble?" I asked her over the phone.
Valerie was at her office in Washington; I was at
mine in California.
"Technical flaws," she said. "Something to do with
the heating or cooling system. It's pretty sketchyiại
The warning had come to her during one of her
"transmissions." She had no idea when they would
arrive-the telepathic messages she believed were
from an extraterrestrial source of intelligence. They
sometimes reached her at inconvenient times-such as
255

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2725, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I6
Tesla: Twentieth-Century Genius
NIKOLA TESLA WAS BORN BEFORE HIS TIME. HE
dreamed of interplanetary communications and space
travel even as he battled with Thomas Edison over
which method of electrical current would be most effi-
cient for modern civilization.
Time and again, Tesla was proven correct, But his-
tory has a short memory when it comes to the Croatian-
born inventor-the father of modern-day electrical
engineering whose alternating current (AC) electric-
ity replaced Edison's direct current (DC) soon after the
turn of the century.
The advantage of AC power-invented by Tesla in
1882-is that high voltage can be sent hundreds of
miles through reasonably sized wires, then reduced for
household use by transformers. If the wires acciden-
tally come together, they short out just at the place
where they touch and only for as long as they are in
contact. In contrast, DC power needed huge cables and
power stations every few blocks. Also, the thick cables
heated up, and when shorted they melted all the way
262
LEAP OF FAITH
263
back to the powerhouse, meaning that streets had to be
dug up and new cables laid.
With the stakes so high, Edison and his company,
General Electric, put together a traveling road show to
demonstrate the "dangers of AC power, going so far
as to publicly electrocute puppies and larger animals-
in one case an elephant.
Tesla, with the help of his friend and benefactor, in-
dustrialist George Westinghouse, won the "battle of
currentsiẠạiby proving the safety and efficiency of his
method when he illuminated and powered the New
York World's Fair of 1899 and a year or so later har-
nessed Niagara Falls by converting its hyaraulic power
to AC electricity. By 1905 all generating stations in the
United States were operating on AC power. Although
history credits Edison with inventing our worldwide
system of electricity, Tesla's AC power is what runs
our cities and households today.
Early in our discussions, Valerie Ransone brought
up Testa's nme. Anyone seriously involved in technol-
ogy has heard of Nikola Tesla, the greatest inventor the
world has ever forgotten, and I remembered him well
from my early days studying engineering and electrical
theory. Through my association with the Advanced
Technology Group, I came to have aa even greater re-
spect for his work. Valerie was a champion of Tesla's
technology, as were a number of our top contributors.
When she was working for the White House on al-
ternative energy, she studied Tesla's plan for aạiwire-
less power system" as an alternative to fossil fuel
energy, which was finite and would one day be used
up. She'd ended up doing more than a thousand hours
of hard research on Tesla, sorting through old files in

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3221, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
264
Gordon Cooper
the Smithsonian, examining his original patents (more
than five hundred of them), and running down endless
leads to inventors who claimed to have moder-day
free-energy devices.
"Are you familiar with Tesla's wireless work?" she
asked me.
I sạid I knew about his accomplishments in radio.
"That's only part of it"
One of Tesla's most revolutionary discoveries was
his system for transmitting energy via wireless anten-
nas. In 1900 he obtained two patents on the transmis-
sion of wireless energy covering both methods and
apparatus and involving the use of tuned circuits as re-
ceivers. Two years earlier Tesla described the transmis
sion of not only the human voice-this three years
before the wireless radio was invented" by Marconi, a
former assistant of Tesla's but images as well. Tesla
later designed and patented devices that evolved into
the power supplies that operate our present-day TV
picture tubes. In 1900 Tesla announced that "commu-
nication without wires to any point of the globe is
practicableại
Tesla's tum-of-the-century experiments revealed
that the air at its ordinary pressure is distinctly con-
ducting. In some of his research notes, copies of which
Valerie showed me, Tesla wrote, "This opens up the
wonderful prospect of transmiting large amounts of
electrical energy for industrial purposes to great dis-
tances without wires. Its practical consummation
would mean that energy would be available for the
uses of man at any point on the globe."
The possibilities were astounding-no unsightly
LEAP OF FAITH
265
utility poles and wires passing over every street in
America and no bardwired grid that could fail without
notice, stranding a major metropolitan area or even
several states without power, as has already begun to
happen in the United States.
I learned that Tesla had received early financial
backing for a wireless transmission project from Wall
Street financier J. P. Morgan. Construction was begun
on a full-sized broadcasting station and 180-foot tower
on Long Island, which would have been able to pro-
vide usable amounts of electrical power at the receiv-
ing circuits. But financial support was suddenly
withdrawn by Morgan when it became apparent that
such a worldwide power project couldn't be metered
and charged for, as could a hardwired grid. The project
was never completed, and the Tesla tower was torn
down, without question stilling the development of
clean energy technology in this country and beyond.
"I want to build a Tesla tower," Valerie said.
Many of the experiments she had been involved in
with Dr. Puharich in Ossining were based on the work
of Tesla, she explained. Several of the space kids she
worked with were "bringing through" Teala-related in-
formation on technology that hadẠỗạglobal and interstel-
lar application,' she told me. Her interest had been
piqued when she found math equations in Tesla's lab
notebooks-written in Colarado Springs in 1899-
that suggested a scientific platform for telepathy, or
"supraliminal information transfer," as he called it.
Ạ¿he mathematics that provided the underpinning
for Tesla's work also provided the basis for under-
standing telepathy," and this in tum opened up "new
AUG 08 '03 13:1

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3326, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
266
Gordon Cooper
frontiers for mind sciences, she said, providing an
extensive laundry list of the creative potentals of the
human mindại
The more technical information she gave me about
Tesla's technology, the more excited I became. It was
a language I was accustomed to speaking from my
work in the air force and NASA as well as at Disney.
i She showed me copies of some of his patents, which
provided the technical basis for his inventions and
technology.
In his autobiography, which I read on Valerie's rec-
ommendation, Tesla reported his uncanny ability to use
* "creative visualization." He would picture a particular
apparatus, test-run the device, disassemble it, and check
for proper action and wear-all through visualization.
He was said to be capable of judging the dimensions of
an object to a hundredth of an inch and to perform diffi-
cult computations in his head without the use of a slide
rule or mathematical tables. When manufacturing his
inventions, he worked with all the blueprints and speci-
fications in his head, which has made some of his exper-
iments difficult to duplicate. Tesla also reported having
had a vision of some kind while taking a walk in a park
one day. He claimed to have seen hisiạifirst rotating mag-
netic fieldạỊạwhich gave him a key of sorts and led to
some of his scientific accomplishments.
Valerie was convinced that not all of Tesla's knowl-
edge originated on Barth. She thought that perhaps
he-like she, the space kids, and others-had been se-
lected to receive 'subliminal traasmissions" from
sources of higher intelligence. After all, Tesla had been
far abead of everyone else at the time, and the visuali-
LEAP OF FAITH
267
zation in the park he'd reported sounded to her a lot
like telepathic transmissions or even remote viewing.
Had the same source of intelligence that had pro-
vided her with the space shuttle waming and other in-
formation been helping humans for a century or more?
she wondered aloud. Were technological transfers
from other civilizations responsible for some of
mankind's greatest scientific breakthroughs?
Throughout the years, her own transmissions had of-
ten made mention of Teslaiạs work, in some cases list-
ing his notes and patents for reference.
On one of my trips to Washington, D.C., to meet
with Valerie at her Georgetown office, she presented
me with a detailed proposal, "How to Build a Tesla
Transmitter." Synthesizing the work of three of our pri-
mary technical contributors, she had written a draft
document that was costed down to the penny.
I had seen and heard a good many fantastic claims
since our first lunch more than a year ago. But here in
my hand was a blueprint for introducing a clean, non-
depletable energy system that had universal technolog-
ical applications on a global scale. According to
Valerie, a prototype could be built and tested in the
southern California desert near Palm Springs for the
grand sum of $64,400. The proposal went on to esti-
mate that the initial pilot production plant would then
require a $1.5 million investment.
Valerie suggeated that we make an appearance be-
fore the Science and Astronautics Subcommittee of
the House of Representatives, as well as the Atomic
Energy Commission. She prepared a detailed cam-
paign to educate the American people, our leaders,
AUG 08 '03 13:12

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3193, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
260 ￾
• Gordon Cooper
and the power companies about how this new technol-
ogy might be integrated into the existing power grid.
Lists of well-placed individuals representing corpo-
rate, civic, and private partnerships were laid out for
my review.
Valerie's research on Tesla had been meticulous.
Drawing on her training as an investigative reporter,
she had pieced together from the work of this twenti-
eth-century genius what she described as a "global
puzzleạẠạiwhich was nothing short of a history of the
evolution and suppression of free-energy technology
on our planet.
With great enthusiasm, Valerie brought in more
Tesla technology as possible projects for our re-
searchers to explore breakthrough inventions and
proven scientific theories from half a century ago still
not widely accepted or used. She was hopeful that ac-
ceptance would be found for this technology once it
was tested and proved.
How far ahead of his time was Tesla? Forty years
before Sputnik, he wrote an article that gave detailed
and accurate descriptions of present-day guided mis-
siles and rockets based on remote control. How could
he have known?
Tesla's interest in aviation intrigued me. Docu-
mented through numerous patents were inventions
considered impractical for his day and never devel-
oped, including a vertical-takeoff aircraft that resem-
bled in appearance the modern helicopter. And it was
only during World War II that radar, a concept first de-
scribed by Tesla in 1917, was developed.
As for space, Tesla's theories would contribute to its
exploration, even though he didn't live to see it. In
LEAP OF FAITH
269
1921 he first examined the possibility of a link being
established with the planets of our solar system by
means of ultrashort waves sent into space. Using his
principle, the first ultrashort waves were sent by radar
to the Moon and the Sun in 1946. When the beams
hounced back to Earth, they brought with them the first
scientific data on the exact distances these celestial
bodies were from Earth.
If I had to choose a single person in history with
whem to sit down for an hour-long chat, it would
be Nikola Tesla, for the chance to hear about his in-
ventions and future technological possibilities for
mankind.
Tesla's inventions, which numbered eight hundred,
replaced coal, eliminated the steam engine, and in
troduced modern-day electricity from industry to pri-
vate homes. The areas in which he worked were far-
reaching.
He was using fluorescent lights in his laboratory
forty years before the industry "invented" them, and
he demonstrated the principles used in microwave
ovens decades before they became an integral part of
our society.
His patents for an AC electric motor, purchased by
Westinghouse in 1888, gave that company leadership
in the field. From Tesla's early model evolved a wide
range of motors in use today, from 1/10 horsepower to
giants of over 60,000 horsepower.
Applied in the practice of medicine, Tesla's elec-
tronic advances have brought millions of people back
to life from heart attacks with defibrillator units. Only
recently has it become lanown that he made successful
photographs of inner parts of the body by means of
AUG 08 '03 13::

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3317, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
270
Gordon Cooper
*very specific" waves some three years before a Ger-
man researcher is credited with developing the use of
X rays.
Another of his breakthroughs: designing and building
prototypes of a fuel-burning rotary engine that was
based on his earlier design of a rotary pump. Recent
tests conducted on the Tesla bladeless disk turbine
indicate that if built using today's high-temperature-
resistant materials, it would rank as the world's most ef-
ficient gas engine.
Why some Tesla technology has long. been over-
looked is not hard to figure out. During his lifetime,
Tesla found himself up against some powerful forces:
power companies, oil companies, automobile manu-
facturery, and financial institutions.
If we were to move ahead with Tesla's technology, I
wondered, would Valerie and I end up facing some of
the same institutional opposition?
Tesla died a penniless recluse in 1943 at the age of
eighty-seven in the New York hotel room that had
served as his laboratory after a mysterious fire de-
stroyed his research facilities, technical papers, and
most-prized prototypes. Three months after his death,
the U.S. Supreme Court nullified Marconi's patents on
radio transmission, declaring that Tesla's patents pre-
dated them. Marconi, the court declared, had simply
copied his former employer's work. But go into any
middle-school science class in America and ask who
invented the radio, and you'll hear the name Marconi,
not Tesla.
It was the scientific community's loss to bury
Tesla's achievements and not include or emphasize
the study of his principles in elementary or secondary
LEAP OF FAITH
271
education. He is seldom mentioned with theạẠgreats of
electricityi-Faraday, Hertz, Marconi, Bell, Edison.
Possibly because his life did not culminate in wealth
and acclaim, Nikola Tesla has unfairly slipped from
our national memory.
Tesla's wireless power transmission was reported at
the time as an experimental reality, but the "secrets of
implementation were said to have died with the inven-
tor, who wrote few things down. This is not so, for
moder-day research and study of Tesla's patents-
some by researchers we had lined up to work with-
have shown that sufficient data are available to prove
his theory a reality.
Valerie showed me photographs of Tesla's centrat
power plant, transmitting tower, laboratory, and various
inventions. She also produced several pieces of corre-
spondence signed by Tesla, which alluded to his often
futile attempts to generate interest in his discoveries.
The feasibility of wireless power transmission was
proved by Tesla between July 1899 and February 1900
in Colorado Springs. His main areas of wireless re-
search: sending Hertzian wave signals of very low fre-
quency, and transmitting power based on creating a
conductive path between the ionosphere and the Earth.
Tesla found that the EarthẾ surface could be used as
a basic long-haul circuit for very low frequencies and
that electrical energy could be transmitted worldwide
from Earth-by going through the ground and using
the ionosphere as a retur path. This he accomplished
in Colorado with liule loss of energy. (Today's hard-
wired power grid loses up to 10 percent for every sixty
miles that energy is transmitted.&ẠIt is difficult to form
an adequate idea of the marvelous power of this...

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3359, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
272
Gordon Cooper
[with] which the globe will be transformed_ằ_rote
Tesla of his experiments.
Today we know the ionosphere as an electrically
conducting spherical shell of ions and free electrons
that surrounds the Earth in the upper atmosphere-
between fifty to two hundred miles high. And we know
how important it is in radlo communications, serving
as a reflector of radio waves over a range of frequen-
cies that permits transmission beyond lines of sight
and around the Earth by successive reflections. In
Tesla's time, however, little was known about this phe-
nomenon, and much of the apparatus and components
that would be needed to carry out this type of traasmis-
sion had not yet been designed and built.
The possibilities for the wireless transmission of
power are intriguing. Natural oil or gas deposits in a
remote region of the world could be converted into
electrical energy at the wellhead, or huge hydroelec-
tric power projects could be developed in inaccessi-
ble locations and the electric power could then be
transmitted-or beamed-to the user's lacation, poten-
tially anywhere in the world, without the need for a net-
work of high-voltage long-haul transmission wires.
Unfortunately, breakthrough technology sometimes
has a dark side.
Valerie was certain that these electrical siguals could
produce dramatic effects on our ionosphere and
showed me some of Tesla's original notes that alluded
to specific physiological effects-good and bad-that
these oscillations could produce.
Among the U.S. military and intelligence commu-
nity, there were alarning reports that the USSR was
engaged in large-scale efforts to develop a form of
LEAP OF FAITH
273
wireless radio transmission capable of affecting the be-
havior patterns of entire populations. That there was
this type of activity seemed without question, as the
Canadian Department of Communications recorded
high-power low-frequency transmissions coming from
the Soviet Union. Independent researchers verified
similar transmissions originating from various sites in
the Soviet Union. In intelligence circles, the Soviet
signals became known as "Woodpecker" becaase they
had a distinctive tap-tap-tap sound over the airwaves.
One of the most brilliant among the researchers we
had lined up for the Advanced Technology Group was
Dowd Hansen, an electronics genius who had an inte-
gral understanding of Tesla's technologies and could
replicate some.
With a mass of unkempt hair, a reddish complexion,
and a permanently disheveled look, Hansen had a def-
nite look of Binstein about him. He was director of a
research laboratory in California and had a bachelor*s
in engineering and a doctorate in science. For ten years
he had been investigating the psychophysiological sen-
sitivity of animals and humans to magnetic and electri-
cal fields in extreme-low-frequency (ELF) ranges
corresponding to brain waves. He had developed sensi-
tive and reliable monitors, including an extremely low-
noise, highly filtered amplifier capable of recording
and displaying naturally occurring magnetic oscilla-
tions in our atmosphere.
I loved sitting down with Dowd and finding out the
latest thing going on in his prolifie mind. As brilliant as
he was, he could be just as ornery to deal with person-
ally, and as a result had few friends. I think he looked
forward to our talks,
AUG 08 '03 13:13

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3172, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
274
Gordon Cooper
One day he was explaining to me about theẠạionos-
pheric wave guide" and how wave signals of very low
frequency could be transmitted around the world with-
out benefit of wires or antennas-
-just as Tesla envi-
sioned. As a result of his low-frequency research,
Hansen knew it worked.
I listened, then asked if such a system could be made
secure.
• He said it certainly could.
"Can you build a prototype for & demo?" I asked.
Sure. Why?"
Having heard about the need for improved commu-
nications with our submerged nuclear submarines
around the world, I suggested he arraage to give the
U.S. Navy a demonstration of the Tesla-influenced
communications system. It took more than a little
nudging before he agreed, but the navy soon gave him
the job of helping to design and implement the sys-
tem. Today Hansen's work serves as the backbone of a
very efficient worldwide communication system with
our subs.
And the flip side...
Dowd Hansen was called in during the late 1970s to
investigate widespread cattle deaths in Oregon. After
some work in the field and follow-up in his laboratory.
it was his opinion that the cattle had been killed by ad-
verse ELF raaio frequencies. The culprits? According
to Hansen: the Russians and their low-frequency
transmissions.
Dowd told me that researchers had for a few years
been looking at the possibilities that man is a "biocos-
mic transducer"-not only a transmitter but a receiver
too-and that somehow our brain waves can lock on
LEAP OF FAITH
275
and modulate with the Earth's electromagnetic field
(which Tesla referred to as the Universal Magnetic
Field, or UMP). Dowd specalted that this might be the
medium for extra-sensory perception (ESP). Accord-
ing to Dowd, good work had been done on the subject
at UCLA in the brain research group, and various goy-
emment graats were sponsoring research into the ef-
fects of very-high- and very-low-frequency fields. He
said published papers showed that these signals could
influence the brain waves of cats and monkeys.
*What about humans?" I asked.
It's a very sensitive subject among researchers, he
said, "but yes, humans are affected. But as yet we don't
know whyẠỊ
From his own work, he knew at what levels humans
were affected. Anything above 11 hertz, (cycles per
second) produces a range of general agitation or un-
easiness. High-voltage power lines throw off 50 to 60
Hz, and there has long been concern about what such
high frequencies can do to people living nearby. Fre-
quencies under 7 Hz result in general feelings of relax-
ation, known as the "alpha state." The most beneficial
frequency on Earth is believed to be 6.8 Hz. Interest-
ingly, the Cheops Pyramid, built by the Egypians
three thousand years before Christ and about five thou-
sand years before the invention of electricity, has a
constant 6.8 Hz signal running through it. Various ex-
perts have measured and studied it but still do not
know where the frequency comes from or why it is
present in such an ancient structure.
A real mad-scientist type, Dowd had invented an
electromagnetic pendant that gave off alpha frequen-
cies and wore it around his neck. He claimed it not
P. 18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3279, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
276
Gardon Cooper
only increased his own sense of well-being but also
beneficially affected others around him. "Gordo, it at-
tracts women like magnets," he told me with a sly grin.
*We are electrical people," he explained. "We can be
disoriented by electrical impulsesạiOur hearts could
be made to start, or stop, by electricity, he saidạẠlec-
tromagnetic radiation may be the most harmful pollu-
tant in our society. There is strong evidence that cancer
and other diseases can be triggered by electromagnetic
wavesẠỊạỊ
Dowd had worked with Dr. Puharich in Ossining,
designing receiving equipment to measure ELF waves.
-Their experiments showed that low-frequency signals
could even penetrate the copper-lined walls of a Fara-
day cage. What protection did any of us have from the
frequencies being used by the Russians? Several of
them were thought to cause depression in humans.
Dowd said that when the Russians first started trans-
mitting in 1976, they had emitted an 11 Hz sigual
through the Earth-just as Testa had sent signals
through the ground in Colorado some seventy-five
years earlier. This ELF wave was so powerful that it
upset radio communications around the world, and
many nations lodged protests. The U.S. Air Force
eventually identified five different frequencies the Rus-
sians were emitting in a wild ELF cocktail. "They
never sent out alpha waves,* Dowd explained. "Noth-
ing in the six or seven hertz range that would be bene-
ficial. They had more sinister things in mindạ
BLFs will penetrate anything and everything, Dowd
saidạẠNothing stops or weakens these signals. At the
right frequencies and durations, whole popalations
could be controlled by BLFs."
LEAP OF FAITH
277
"Once the killing range is perfected and it's opera-
tional, this weapon will render nukes obsoleteạẠạhe
said, doom in his voiceạẠIt can kill almost immedi-
ately with powerful adverse frequencies. Men, women,
and children could be wiped out indiscriminately with-
out destroying buildings, bridges, or cities. The con-
quering army walks in and takes over a completely
undamaged infrastructure."
Through the years I had heard many scenarios about
how future wars might one day be fought, and most of
them were very frightening. But the scenario that
Dowd Hansen presented was the coldest and most hor-
rific I haa ever considered.
Hot coffee on the stove, meals on the table, engines
purring—
-and every living soul dead from adverse radio sig-
nals transmitted from half a world away.
Two decades after this conversation with Dowd
Hansen, I know nothing about the present status of re-
search-if any-by our country or other nations on
this potential "ultimate weapon." However, Hansen has
since told me he believes that the former USSR came
very close to having such an operational weapon.
Prior to his death in 1943, as World War II was peak-
ing, Tesla claimed to have developed a "death-ray
weapon. Nothing ever came of it-some people specu-
lated the inventor might have stopped work on it be-
cause of its destructive powersẠạPeace can only come
as a natural consequence of universal enlightenmentạẠỊi
Tesla once said.
Upon his death, his hotel room was immediately
searched by FBI agents looking for the design of the
"death-ray machine. Supposedly, his scant notes were

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1725, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*ж TOTAL PAGE. 20жж
278
Gardon Cooper
all turned over to his native land, where a Tesla mu-
seum was built in Belgrade.
The push behind our 1980s "Star Wars" missile de-
fense system was widespread fear that the Soviets had
begun deployment of weapons based upon Tesla's
high-energy principles. Reports of mysteriousiạiblind-
ing" of.U.S. surveillance satellites, and the evidence
of radio-signal interference gave credence to those
concerns.
I can only assume that if low-frequency weapons
research is under way in the United States or else-
where, it must be cloaked in the highest level of se-
crecy imaginable.
I pray it will not be Nikola Tesla's final legacy to
mankind.
IZ
Reservation for an
Allen Saucer Ride
I HAD NEVER MET ANYONE WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE
ridden in an alien saucer.
Dan Fry looked every inch what he was: rocket sci-
entist, researcher, electronics engineer. Favoring the
tweed-jacket-with-leather-elbow-patches look, he was
middle-aged with a receding hairline, mild-mannered,
intelligent, quiet. A devout Christian, he practiced his
belle. I donẾ suppose he'd ever said a naughty word
in hs life. He held a Ph.D. from St. Andrews Coliege
in London, England, where his doctoral thesis, "Steps
to the Stars," prophesied much of the manned and un-
manned space explorations of the 1960s and 1970s.
Valerie Ransone brought Dan Fry to my Disney of-
fice in 1979. Beforehand she assured me I would hit it
off with this fellow because we had a good deal in
common, most notably our 'penchant for adventure"
and "interest in a good UPO story." She added,
"You've both experienced the real thing, Gordo."
When they walked in -Dan in a plaid shirt and smil-
ing affably-he came over and gave me a firm hand-
279
