{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:03:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 648893, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122940-witness-10302-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-roswell-metal-samples-from-crashed-ufo-6-4-18.pdf", "source_sha256": "5648d4189fad829efcd6a11276b30cc23d6e767905b89d8e69d5c6d50cc8f437"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1679, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 4, 2018
Dear Mrs. Greer,
It's an honor for me to write to you. I'm a member of Disclosure Network New York, and X
& was kind enough to forward my letter to you. I'll try to keep this introductory letter as brief as
possible in order not to waste your valuable time.
The reason I'm writing to you is that I have a piece of metal you and your husband might be
interested in, which I have good reason to believe is from the UFO that blew up over the Foster Ranch in
Roswell, New Mexico in 1947. I have done a considerable amount of research on it, which I will be happy
to share with you in detail if you're interested. The most important part of that research is that this metal
sample contains a higher abundance of the isotope Copper 65 than anything ever found on the earth
according to the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry.
I presented this sample and my research at a DNNY meeting, and Nick and all the other people in
the group held it in their hand. can corroborate this. If you or your husband are interested in seeing
this sample, and all my research, I would be happy to show it to you. I think I would need to come to a
location you specify by train, because if I flew, the sample might be confiscated at the airport. I wouldn't
want to send it by mail and risk having it get lost or intercepted. If you're interested in having some of it
for further research, I'll try to arrange to have a fragment of it sawed off for you.
I'm sending a letter rather than an email in order to avoid the possibility of an email being hacked
by someone who wants to prevent you from seeing my sample or having a fragment of it.
I look forward to hearing from you.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 798, "chars": 4545, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Thursday, September 13, 2018 9:18 AM
Resending email about metal sample
Dear Mrs. Greer,
Thank you so very much for your letter. I'm overjoyed that your husband is interested in my mental sample. I'm attaching a picture
of it for you with a tea cup as a frame of reference. The sample is in the middle. For comparison, the object on the left is a piece of a
braze alloy, and the one on the right is a composite I made myself.
The history of it is, to the best of my knowledge, as follows:
yvas working as a foreman at an aircraft plant in the
Dallas Fort Worth area in 1947. This plant is where pieces of debris from the large UFO that exploded over the Foster Ranch were
being shipped. According to my brother, who is a metalurgist and former member of the Air Force Reserves, this plant is known a
Government Aircraft Plant 4.
The regular employees were searched when they left the plant to make sure they weren't trying to take samples of the debris, but
since
vas a foreman, he wasn't searched
So he took the sample out of the plant. It was about the size and shape of a man's handkerchief.
He gave it to his brother Ben to do some tests on it.
<nelted it down, and poured the molten metal into a cone-shaped mold. My
brother says they used sand molds for this purpose, and the flat base of the sample was actually the top of the mold. I think the sand
and the hot metal hitting cold water caused steam to form, and this probably explains the little holes in the sample.
gave the sample to his son
is my brother-in-law, and he gave it to me.
Relevant scientific findings are as follows: I had a bulk analysis done on the sample at Shiva Technologies in Syracuse, and the
report shows that it contains 74 different elements, stopping at element 92 (Uranium). That seems to be a lot to me. I also had them do
an analysis of the isotopes for the silver, copper, lead, and zinc.
The abundance of copper 65 is 31.29%, with a margin of error of plus or minus 2%. According to a report published by the
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry in Scotland, the highest abundance of copper 65 ever found on the earth is 31.02%.
So, even if the analysis done by the lab on my sample had the maximum .2% error on the low end, the abundance in the sample would
still be 31.09%, which is higher than the maximum amount ever found on the earth.
I would be greatly honored to meet you and/or your husband, and to bring the sample for you to see and examine. I would be happy
to let you have a portion of it to do further tests on. I don't have access to equipment to saw off a smooth piece, but maybe your
husband does. Or, if he can tell me what kind of place i should go to in order to have a piece sawed off, I would do that.
I'll make photocopies of the lab reports, the page from JUPAC, photos of shavings of the sample taken at high magnification, letters
from my brother-in-law's mother telling about the history of the sample, and a chart 1 prepared that shows that some of the elements ir
high abundance in the sample are in the same rows and columns on the PeriodicTable. 1 have the impression this might be significant.
I will be happy to go to Washington DC on the train, and meet your husband and/or you, on a date that's convenient for you and at a
time that fits into your schedule.
Also, a researcher who wants to remain anonymous told me he believes my sample adds credibility to the claim that a man once
brought a real sample from the Roswell UFO to their Museum, but it was confiscated and kept at the National Labs at Los Alamos, and
a cover story was concocted claiming the man's sample was scrap from a jewelry shop in Albuquerque.
Even though this researcher asked to remain anonymous, I would reveal his name to your husband if he wants to know it.
I'll put the copies of these documents in the mail for you as soon as possible. It would be a tremendous honor for me to get to meet
you and/or your husband. I ordered the 500-page collection of formerly classified UFO documents that your husband was offering about
30 years ago, and it corroborated a sighting by my parents of a UFO at close range at the Oak Ridge Nuclear Power Plant in 1947.
My father was an atomic scientist. He was on the team that designed the atomic power supply for the Voyager spacecraft. From him
I acquired a life-long interest in UFOs. I hope that a piece of my sample can become an addition to your husband's vast body of
evidence for the reality of UFOs, especially the kind of evidence you can hold in your hand.
1
