{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T21:20:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1934046, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122965-donna-hare-nasa-airbrusing-photos.pdf", "source_sha256": "9edefd7bf6281c0efec1f8faf8e7cafa4847c14398c200af44f0de03e5ce0c2b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 4651, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
NASA Airbrushes Out UFOs from Satellite Photos
Donna Tietze witnessed first-hand
for background checks.
The secret
was flying fast... The edges
were
how NASA keeps UFOs out of pub-
clearance that I had gotten was if I
very crisp and white and I thought
lic view. As a former photo techni-
had worked on any type of secret
this was a spot on the emulsion.
cian for NASA at the Johnson Space
work, like work for the Air Force...
Sometimes chemicals don't develop
Center in Houston, Texas, Donna
was aware that there were restricted
all of the areas and you do get spots
worked as a sub-contractor at
areas at NASA... because some of the
that are white on it. He said, What
NASA for 15 years.
She is the re-
areas were called "Mission Critical Ar-
do you think that is? And I said Is it
cipient of numerous space awards
eas" that when a mission was going
a spot on the emulsion? And he said,
including the 1969 Apollo Achieve-
on if you went into a certain room and
No, spots on the emulsion don't leave
ment Award from the National Aer-
tampered with computers you could
round shadows on the ground. So as
onautics and Space Administration,
really get the whole space program to
I looked underneath it I could see
a 1973 Skylab Award for success on
abort a mission. I mean there were
this round shadow under it in the
the Skylab program, Recognition
very sensitive areas all around during
same shape that it was and in the
and Service Award for support of
missions. So with the secret clearance
same angle as the shadows off the
NASA
the 1975 Apollo Suez Test Project,
and numerous other awards for her
skills as a technical artist. Donna
Tietze spent most of her profession-
al life in the space programs as a
technical illustrator drawing lunar
maps, landing sights, flight manu-
als for astronauts, working in the
precision slide lab, and creating
visual
parameters of missions.
Donna is now an educator working
on her Masters in Education.
We first learned about Donna
Tietze from Don Ratsch of Opera-
tion Right to Know, and after read-
ing a transcript of a May 6, 1995
interview with her on WOL-AM in
Washington, DC on "UFOs Satur-
day Night" hosted by Elaine Doug-
lass of Operation Right to Know,
Zoh invited her onto The Zoh Show.
Donna described witnessing an in-
cident in a photo lab at NASA in
1970-71 that reveals why 80 few
official missions result in pho-
tographic evidence of extrater-
restrial visitations.
"I had a secret clearance and we
had to be investigated by the FBI
Hieronimus & Co. Newsletter
I was able to get into restricted areas,
and at this time there was not a mis-
sion going on so I had some down
time. I decided, as I did often when I
had free time, I would walk around
the building and learn other jobs, and
it really kept me working there for a
number of years through the layoffs
because I was versatile and I could
learn other jobs throughout the com-
pany.
"Look At That Over There"
"I went to a room across the hallway
from where I was working every day,
and a man in there that was working
in the photo lab was putting a mosaic
together. He had it built to about 6 x
12 feet already, and these picture
panels are not very big, maybe 12
inches square. They were black and
white and had been taken by a satel-
lite. During the time I was in there I
was watching him and talking to him
and he pointed my attention to an
area of the mosaic and said, Look at
that over there.... It was a round
[object with] very sharp edges, almost
elliptical, just slightly elongated... You
could tell it wasn't perfectly circular...
It looked like a dot that
Vol. 1, No. 7
P.O. Box 648
trees.
I knew this was accurate.
had drawn, I knew about propor-
tions and perception and all of that,
so this was a photograph that was
an actual dot in the sky with a
round shadow under it. I didn't see
anything coming off the bottom like
it would be a balloon or anything
like that. It was a bright white, but
again it was not like rough shadowy
edges around it; it was a very crisp
edge on it.
He said What do you
think that is? And I said, Well is it a
UFO? And he smiled and said, I
can't tell you that.
I knew he
meant he couldn't talk about it, but
he knew I was right that it was a
UFO. So I asked him at that point
What are you going to do with this
information? And he said, It's cus-
tomary we airbrush these things
out of the mosaic before we sell
them to the public. I had heard
scuttlebutt about UFOs around
NASA but this was the first time
that anyone had admitted to cover-
ing it up.... My mouth dropped.... I
had never actually seen the proof
that is going to get airbrushed out."
(cont'd page 5)
Owings Mills, MD 21117

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1231, "chars": 7155, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA Airbrushes UFOs, from page 4--
"I realized at that point that there is a procedure set
up to take care of this type of information from the
public," she added on the Elaine Douglass show.
After this experience Donna said her life at NASA changed
as she began to bump into more UFO documentation. She
realized that the evidence must be plentiful rather than a
once in a lifetime event from which they can lock all the evi-
dence away. "This was like on a daily basis because I just
wandered in there one day. I found out, and after that I
started asking questions of different people. I always
made sure that we were alone and away from the site. I
found a number of people that knew of the coverup."
On "UFOs Saturday Night" Donna also related some in-
formation told to her by a man she had dated while at
NASA. He had been "in quarantine with the astronauts
when they came back from the moon.
I talked to him
about seeing this saucer [in the satellite photos] and asked
him if he had heard anything about that. He told me that
every astronaut, every moon trip had been followed by
craft, by saucers, that every one of them, every astronaut
that went to the moon... they all had seen it and all had
been told to keep quiet about it. They were threatened
with jail and their whole retirement, everything taken
away from them. This man also told me that if I ever told
that he said this, that he would deny it. He would never
admit that he told me all of that."
He also believed that the UFOs were instrumental in
getting the disabled Apollo 13 back to Earth.
"He said that it should not have come back. I mean, uh...
they had help. And that was all he would say.... He said it
was impossible for that craft to have gotten back home....
[The pilots of the UFOs] didn't want that craft to inves-
tigate the part of the moon that [Apollo 13 was] going to,
so they may have caused some of [the disaster] too... Sup-
posedly we were told not to go, but we ignored it.... I guess
they didn't want us to see something back there."
Later after Donna no longer worked at NASA, she met a
man who had been a guard at NASA during the same
time. He told her that one of his jobs was to burn a
Lot of photographs of UFOs.
"That was his job... and he
said lone time] he stopped to look at one too long and one
of the other... military men hit him in the head with a gun
butt and knocked him out.... because he had looked at one
of the photographs too long.... He explained that it was a
craft on the ground and it looked like... a regular saucer
with little bumps all over it and he said it was like it was
burnt. He said cows in the field all had their tails stuck
straight up. At the time he said he didn't know when cat-
tle were frightened their tails would stick straight up."
When asked if she had personally ever had occasion to air-
brush anything out, Donna answered, "No, that was
someone else's job," but right now she's trying to convince
someone she knows who did work in the photo lab to come
forward. This person was specifically told not to talk
about it, but has recently been admitting to others that
they had airbrushed out UFOs. She herself was never told
not to talk about anything except specific projects she
worked on for the Air Force.A
It you have an encounter with a UFO, call Ed Weibe, Baltimore
MUFON Field Investigator at 410-360-0300, or the headquarters
of the Mutual UFO Network (MUFON) at 210-379-9216.
Hieronimus & Co. Newsletter
Vol. 1, No. 7
Too Soon For Conclusions on 5
The Alien Autopsy Film?
In a previous issue of The Hieronimus & Co. Newsletter we
shared the analyses of three skeptics of the alleged alien au-
topsy footage: Graham Birdsall, editor of the British UFO Maga-
zine; Kent Jeffrey, Director of the Roswell Initiative; and George
Wingfield, British crop circle and hoax researcher.
These three
gentlemen believe their research proves conclusively that the
Santilli film could not possibly show what it purports to.
There are still a great number of people, however, who believe
it is too soon to make final conclusions, one of them being Bob
Kiviat, the Executive Producer of the video "Alien Autopsy:
(fact or fiction?)" available from Lightworks Audio Visual Cata-
logue for $19.95, 70 minutes, phone: 1-800-795-TAPE. Bob Ki-
viat was interviewed on 21st Century Radio on April 14, 1996
and when asked Do you think the alien autopsy film
footage is authentic? Kiviat replied, "Well, I can't say that
I think it's authentic... that's not what my objective was, to
come to a conclusion without the investigation being thorough-
ly conducted.... At this stage of the game, because of the
journalistic/source relationship I have with Ray Santilli, my objec-
tive is to be patient, ride the waves of controversy, but stay
focused on the ball..... The ball is Ray Santilli, and the ball is the
cameraman, if he exists.
"...Guys like Dr. Milroy and Cyril Wecht seem to suggest that
this is definitely a biological creature, not some kind of latex
dummy filled with pig guts and what not. So with that in mind I
will say... I remain open-minded to the possibility that
A) it's a true alien, or B) it's something other than
that. But right now, I think the jury's out, and I think it's very
premature for anyone... to make a conclusion."
Regarding the elusive original 16 mm film allegedly
shot in the 1940s,
Kiviat confirmed that "Nobody
has seen the original millimeter film footage with the
exception of, to my understanding, Ray Santilli, a partner he has
in the footage, and possibly myself and Kodak who have seen
about, well, I know that I've seen four frames of the footage,
which appear to be the early opening sequence when you're
walking through the doorway into•the autopsy room."
Hieronimus & Co. was concerned that major U.S.
and British UFO researchers were not invited to see
the film in the spring/summer 95 showings and felt
that could indicate a desire to prevent experienced
eyes from early scrutiny.
Kiviat disagreed, saying, "Well,
basically, what we have I think occurring in the context of this
story breaking and myself being the journalist to break the
story in America, I think what happens is when an event like this
occurs people feel left out, whether you're a journalist that
didn't get the scoop, [or] whether you are a researcher who
won't be allowed to view the tape because you think you are
"...Kent Jeffrey has a preconceived notion about what the Ros-
well incident was. Graham Birdsall... just feels there's so many
smoking guns per se about why Ray Santilli should not be trust-
ed. I disagree. I actually feel that when Ray Santilli has been
asked to do certain things he had done his best to do them.
The only thing he has not done, and I agree with Graham and
Kent on this point, he has not made the film available for test-
ing. This is true, and I wish he had. He has not brought the
cameraman fully up, personal and public. But there's a reason
for that. It's called source confidentiality. So it's not like Ray is
trying to hide all the facts, I think he's just holding back certain
things that he agreed to not do.
(cont'd, page 11)
P.O. Box 648
Owings Mills, MD 21117
