{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T07:37:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 396407, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122990-witness-10663-on-remote-viewing-ufos-and-extraterrestrials.pdf", "source_sha256": "9248f916851593dfe9bcd47b2d234ad9ed86d17dd88ffc8b7a78e6a83a038281"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 601, "chars": 3960, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FATE Sept. 1993
•On Remote-Viewing,
UFOs, and Extraterrestrials
by Ingo Swann
A new controversy
During the last year or so, the
UFO community has found itself
not only possessed of its usual prob-
lems (such as confirming that UFOs
exist), but also by a new situation
convulsing the community's gossip
: networks.
A growing number of people are
claiming to use their remote-view-
ing powers to penetrate UFOs and
extraterrestrial motives, goals, and
civilizations. Remote-viewing is ap-
parently being thought of as a new,
better psychic ability that certain
Earthside individuals claim to have
achieved, and advertise that with it
they are achieving novel, intimate,
and true "viewings" (i.é, sightings)
into Spaceside ET affairs:
Many long-term FATE readers •
probably remember the emergence
in parapsychology of remote-view-
ing in 1973-74, and FATE editors
have kept abreast of its develop-
ments by publishing occasional arti-
cles. A list of references is provided
at the end of this essay for those
who wish to know more about the
remote-viewing story.
This new controversy (perhaps
only a transient brouhaha) has come
about because UFO investigators
never before permitted mixing their
work with psychic "stuff," while
parapsychologists never mixed their
work with UFO "stuff." And so
mixing these two "stuffs" is stirring
73
it saturnt attail to in in
up complaints, critical objections,
èred to look up remote-viewing's
and worries in both communities.
definition in the parapsychological
This new confusion is added to
literature. If they had, then they
the other confusing imbroglios that
might have thought twice about
characterize the UFO "situation"
claiming to be remote-viewers.
(governmental-military cover-ups,
I cannot, of course, control how
irresponsible scientific debunking,
people seek to use terms in the ways
and UFO-community leadership
they do. Meanings shift about, and
disputes).
many use terms in different flip-flop
I've been intimately involved in
ways even if clearly defined in dic-
remote-viewing developments for
tionaries.
over 20 years. Many people send
For example, take the word "so-
me alleged ET "remote-viewing"
phisticated." It is derived from the
reports, and seek me out to ask
Sophist philosophical school of an-
what I think about this new situa-
cient. Greece. Sophists had a habit
tion-including the editors of
of muddling up their thinking, espe-
FATE, who have asked me to say
cially by arguments that were later
something about it.
proven to be fallacious. So a sophis-
ter, as defined in the 1828 Webster's
Remote viewing's key element:
dictionar; is: "A disputant falla-
utilitarlan value
ciously subtle, an aitful but insidi
All of our lives are shaped by dis-
ous logician," i.e. a muddled thinker
covering the utilitarian value, not
disguised as artful and logical. Most.
only of things but of ourselves. Re-skeptics and not a few alleged psy-
mote-viewing is no exception to
chics ultimately were proven to
this. And so this new brouhaha
have been sophisters.
hinges on whether there is any real
The 1828 Webster's dictionary
utilitarian value in attempting to
defines sophisticated as to adul-
"utilize remote-viewing to pene-
terate, to corrupt by something
trate UFOs and/or ETs."
spurious or foreign, to pervert.
But to determine the utilitarian
But today the term is generally
value of something one has to be
taken to mean something perfect-
sure that one has a well-defined
ly achieved, elegant and balanced
specimen of it in hand, and then
when referring to a thing, elegant
subject it to rigorous testing that
and world-wise and knowing when
positively demonstrates any utilitar-
referring to a person. The shift in
ian value.
meaning came about in the 1920s
Along this line of thinking, it is
when intellectuals then took pride
worth wondering how many of those
in being artfully and elegantly insid-
claiming to remote-view EIs both-
ious, and when young Hollywood
74 FATE/September 1993

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 821, "chars": 5026, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Remote-Viewing
needed a büzzword to describe the
how the experiment is conducted.
handsome and beautiful exteriors
The last step in any experimental
of their prized movie stars.
protocol involves determining
I will show ahead that anyone
whether the experiment worked or
claiming to be a remote-viewer, or
not. Finding out if the experiment
claiming to remote-view ETs and
worked or not, or bow well it
UFOs is a sophister, one who has
worked, is called "confirmation,"
artfully but insidiously muddled up
but usually more intimately spoken
the established definition of re-
of as "feedback." Without feedback
mote-viewing—perhaps only be-.. in some form, it cannot be known if
cause they haven't bothered to look
the experiment worked. Positive
it up. A sophister—unless one im-
feedback suggests possible utilitari-
portant facet of their "remote-view-.
an value; negative feedback, or ab-
ing" is undertaken by them or ulti-
sence of it, does not.
mately provided by others.
The origin of the term.
"remote-vlewing"
I can speak this way about
the term remote-viewing be-
cause it was coined, in 1971-72,
by myself and Dr. Janet
Mitchell, at the American So-
ciety for Psychical Research
Without feedback in
some kind of form it
cannot be known if the
experiment worked.
(ASPR) in New York, in asso-
• ciation with Dr. Gertrude
Schmeidler and Dr. Karlis Osis. It
Different kinds of experiments
was coined to identify a particular
need to be distinguished from one
kind of experiment—not a particu-
another, and so researchers settle
lar kind of psi ability.
on some easy-to-remember nomen-
There is a substantial definition-
clature or acronym that best de-
al difference between coining a
scribes what the experiment in-
term to identify a type of ESP ex-
volves. Sometimes these experi-
periment and an ESP ability. It is
"ment-terms can be pretty silly, but
very difficult to define a psychic
even so they sometimes catch on as
ability. But it is not hard to define
popular buzz words beyond the
an experiment.
scope of identifying a particular
Experiments have what in sci- type of experiment.
ence are called "protocols," more
In the case of the term "remote-
simply put as "steps" that govern
viewing," there can be no doubt at
September 1993/FATE 75
all that it originally referred to an see" what was concealed on them.
experimental model (never to a
The OBE experiment involved
novel ESP ability, and there exists a
an assumption: that if the subjects
voluminous and dated paper trail,
correctly identified the hidden ob-
the whole of which constitutes an
jects then they had "gone out of
enormous archive. A vast number
their bodies" in order to do so. And
of official research documents con-
so this model was called an OBE
tain adequate descriptions of the
experiment.
original intended meaning of re-
In any event, I went to the ASPR
mote-viewing. And this meaning is
two or three days a week for many
also found adequately displayed and
months and tried to identify an end-
demonstrated in a number of earlier
less series of targets-while
popular books (see bibliography).
strapped into a chair with my brain
In late 1970, by a strange set of
waves being monitored on an EEG.
circumstances, I was invited by
machine by Janet Mitchell. At first
Dr. Karlis Osis and Dr. Gertrude
I was not very good at this kind of
Schmeidler to act as an experimen-
"perceiving," but as the months.
tal subject in certain ongoing exper-
wore on, I got better at it.
iments at the American Society of
Regardless of the ambiguous as-
Psychical Research in New York.
sumption, the experiments were
Dr. Osis was then the Society's re-
very careful ones. A target was hid-
search director, and had taken a
den from the subject, who was to try
deep interest in out-of-body experi-
to perceive it. After the subject ver-
ences (OBE) that in earlier decades
bally reported his or her "seeing,"
had been referred to by such con-
the report was compared to the ob-
fusing terms as traveling clairvoy-
ject (judged) in full view of every-
ance, ecsomatic experiences, biloca-
one, and in this way feedback was
tion, and astral projection.
achieved as to accuracy or not. •
DI. Osis and colleagues were re-
One winter day in November
cruiting volunteers to "test" for
1972, I was having trouble "floating
OBE abilities via an experimental
up" to the hidden targets in the win-
model involving a tray suspended
dowless experimental room, but
just beneath a room's ceiling. Hang-
happened to "notice through the
ing suspended on the trays just be-
walls" that a woman in a dreadful
low the ceiling, out of the subjects'
orange coat was walking down the
sight, various objects (the targets)
sidewalk past the ASPR building. I
had been placed. The experimental
first discounted this, but suddenly
goal was to ask the subjects to try to
. tore off the electrodes and got Janet
"go out of body," float up to above
Mitchell to run into the street with
the trays, and then "look down and me to see if a woman in an orange
76 FATE/September 1993

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 676, "chars": 4215, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Remote-Viewing
coat was walking by the building.
kind of ESP test-experiment, in-
We tumbled down the stairs and got
cluding those associated with re-
outside just in time to see a woman
in an orange coat turning the corner.
mote-viewing.
But there is a significant differ-
This event was not part of the of-
ence between (1) the "seeing" of
ficial OBE experiment, but it got
the designated targets and (2) the
me to thinking about why I should
dimensions or scope the "seeing" it-
have "seen" the woman outside.
self. Yet, as I was soon to discover,
when the targets were inside.
all parapsychology experiments
Now, a subtle point needs to be
were entirely of the see-the-target-
• made. The official experiment re-
only kind, and hardly any research
quired that the subject "see" the
had ever gone into the "seeing"
specified targets. In other words the
processes and their dimensions.
experiment was target-focused—
It was at about this point that my
and not "seeing" focused. If the
see-the-target efforts, intermittent-
subject did not see the targets, then
ly successful thereto, fell victim to
the experiment was considered a
the utter boredom of doing hun-
failure—all of which seems sensible
dreds and hundreds of attempts, of-
enough in a standard kind of way
ten 30 or more in a given afternoon.
and in fact, is the only way that
To help alleviate the boredom, I
feedback can be achieved for any suggested that we spend a little time
"playing around" with the "seeing"
were inexplicably better.
processes themselves. The orange-
It was at this point that the prob-
coated woman event had suggested
lem of what to call the long-distance
that "seeing" might have greater
experiments emerged in order to
"distance' capabilities" than merely
distinguish between them and the
from the floor to the celling or into
local target experiments inside the
the next room.
ASPR building. We first thought of
Janet Mitchell and I devised a
them as "traveling clairvoyance" ex-
playing-around experiment in winch
• periments; but since this named an
I would try to "see" the weather
ability, not an experiment, I suggest-
conditions in distant cities. Since
ed that we call them "remote-sens-
some kind of feedback was abso-
ing" experiments because after all,
lutely necessary to determine what
the distant cities, such as Tucson and
was "seen," after my distant weath-
Denver, were remote from the
er impressions had been given and
ASPR in New York. Shortly, though,
recorded, Janet or someone else
it became clear that I didn't just
could immediately telephone the
sense the sites, but experienced
weather information number in the
mental-image pictures of them in a
distant city and find out what the
• visualizing kind of way.
weather was doing. The cities we
Without at all thinking much
were to play around with "seeing"
about it, and before the end of 1971,
were selected by third parties. So
we began referring to the long-dis-
unless I had somehow memorized
tance experiments as remote-view-
all the weather conditions in a large
ing ones, since this term seemed the
number of cities, it was reasonable
most suitable.
to conclude that a "distant seeing"
Since the psi-perceptual-process-
had taken place if the response was.
es that might account for the "see-
fed back as correct.
ing" were a mystery, it is again to be
According to my dated and care-
understood that the term remote-
fully preserved archives, the first
viewing did not refer to them, or to
long-distance "seeings" of this kind
any novel ESP ability. From the
took place on the afternoon of De-
start-up of its usage, remote-view-
cember 8, 1971, and the tirst results
ing referred to the entire experi-
were encouraging. But more, the
mental model, and the experiment
processes of this kind of "seeing"
was one only because of the feed-
was exciting and invigorating, and
back that could be supplied by tele-
with this entertainment option
phoning the distant weather agency.
available, my boredom alleviated
In fact and in deed without the
and the local target experiments re-
feedback, one cannot tell whether
sumed vigorously with results that
any verifiable "seeing" had taken
September 1993/FATE 77 : 78 FATE/September 1993
4H A HT

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 812, "chars": 5274, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Remote Viewing
place or not, cannot tell how good
Feedback, then, is not trivial or
or bad it was, or how efficient or in-
incidental to the remote-viewing
, efficiènt it was, or whether the
process and protocols. It is crucial
"viewing" was merely the result of
Fantasy, imagination, opinion, oF
•. To simplify all this, we can resort
wishfut thinking:
to' a easy-to-understand formula.
It was at this point (in early
Remote-viewing consists of five ab-
1972), after thinking these matters
through, that I got the three ideas
subject, (2) active ESP abilities, (3)
(rather simple ones) that psi re-
searchers have either missed or
responses; (5) confirmatory positive
completely avoided:
feedback-all of which equals, (6)
1. Psi perceptions plus feed-
the remote-viewing model.
back=remote-viewing;
Nothing less is remote-viewing.
2. Remote-viewing minus feed•
Those alleging themselves to be
back=?
remote-viewers, then, cannot simply
Well, remote-viewing minus
just "remote-view," but are obliged.
feedback actually equals whatever
also to show positive evidence of
you do or do not want it to. For ex-
their "viewings"—e. g- positive feed-
ample, it can represent illusion to
back. Without the feedback, such
skeptics, who do not bother to study
"viewers" are merely offering un-
feedback even if it is available. It
supported accounts that may or may
-
can represent-wishful thinking to
not be of psychic origin. Remote-
would-be psychics who do not both-
viewing is neither a novel psi ability,
er to demonstrate feedback espe-
nor a convenient replacement term
cially if it cannot be available in the
for psi, clairvoyance, or ESP.
first place.
These considerations led to the
Objectlons to muddling-up:
third rather simple idea:
• The deflnition of remote-vlewing
3. That feedback is more impor-
1am particularly heartless re-
tant than the psi perceptions, be-
garding this matter, and for the fol-
cause without it the former cannot
lowing explicit reasons. What re-
be said either to exist or have oc-
mote-viewing does represent, in its
curred, or to what degree of accu-
complete protocol, was gained by
racy. Thus, beyond any and all
two decades of untold hours of
doubt, feedback has a great deal to
work and excruciatingly detailed re-
do with establishing utilitarian val-
search on the parts of hundreds of
ue of psi perceptions whether they
people, including myself.
are called ESP, clairvoyance, or
It was gained at a cost of much
whatever.
money provided by hundreds of ad-
September 1993/FATE 79
4
ditional people who had experi- The remoto-vlowing-ET
' mental interest in ascertaining re- feedback problem
mote-viewing's utilitarian value,
I'm not at all saying that psychic
and in identifying and understand:
perceptions cannot be applied to the
ing its psychic-dynamic processes.
ET-UFO situation. I've openly sug-
Its existence as a verifiable topic
gested this potential data-source
for experimental research was estab-
myself. But if psychic data is derived
lished against hundreds of fearsome
via many people wanting to con-
debunking attacks emanating from
tribute it, still the hard issue of feed
organized police-like sophister-skep-
back is a crucial determinant regard-
tics bent on enforcing the scientistic
ing what to make of that data.
orthodoxy that psi is non-existent,
Some parapsychologists have re-
and that claims for it are of illusory
ferred to their work as the "Illusive
or psychopathological origin.
Science." Well, the illusiveness of
As a result of all these efforts;
UFOs and ETs far surpasses even..
the term remote-viewing entered
that terribly illusive science. So illu-
-the language with something akin
sive, indeed, that ufologists as a.
to scientific merit and it is this merit
group are unable to agree upon even
that a variety of individuals are now
just one UFO or ET fact—while
trying to colonize in attempts to ira-
parapsychologists as a group at least:
ply merit for their self-styled psy
agree that psi exists.
chic espionage attempts regarding
If parapsychology is the illusive
UFOs and ETs.
science, then clearly ufology is virtu-
If even one individual alleges
ally the "Feedbackless Science"-
himself or herself to be a remote-.
with the true exception so far of the
viewer (sic) without showing how
hundreds of camcorders that have
concrete positive feedback of their
filmed UFOs. To my knowledge,
"viewing" can be realized, well,
UFOs and ETs do not cooperate
these people are playing into the
with humans regarding our efforts to..
drooling minds of sophister-skeptics
substantiate anything about them.
just waiting to debunk not only
Psychically contributing either
them, but remote-viewing itself,
possibly real or possibly imaginary
and, as well, creative ufological and
data about ETs is one matter, usually
parapsychological interest in its
only a confusing one. But realizing
' utilitarian value.
feedback on even one part of that
This value has yet to be proven,
data is an entirely different matter.
and it can only be proven by posi-
And it is a matter in which everyone
tive feedback. So, kids out there,
should take a creative interest.
where's your feedback to substanti-
Of what, then, would feedback
ate your "remote-viewings?"
on UFO-ET matters consist? Here
80 FATE/September 1993

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4776, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On Remote-Viewing
is the principle problem of ufology
as a whole-and it is the principle
problem also of any attempts to in-
corporate remote-viewing proto-
cols into ufology.
can be confirmed by appropriate
feedback that it has.
I fully believe that many people
'have correct psychic intuition, feel.
ings, or even hunches concerning
UFOs and ETs. I certainly have
Summing up.
some of my own, and it is desirable
Remote-viewing is composed of
to encourage the wider publication
a five-part protocol, and when any
of them-but only as such. If these
one of the five parts are omitted
important definitional boundaries
(such as confirmatory feedback),
are not understood and maintained,
then what has taken place is some-
the ultimate result will be an am-
thing else other than remote-view-
biguous definitional quagmire of
ing. The history of the origin and
benefit to no one, and the demoli-
developments of remote-viewing.
tion of what the remote-viewing
are easily available, and its exact
protocol achieved in terms of re-
definition is found, in several books, spect and repute.
: * documents, and in other sources. Its .
i do not excuse myself from this
definition is clearly given in. The
sensible, and ethical, mandate.
Encyclopedia of Parapsychology
Since 1971, I've participated in well
and Psychical Research (1991),
over a million remote-viewing exer-
compiled by Arthur S. Berger and
cises, and rigorously dissected its
Joyce Berger (although those com-
psi-perceptual processes. But I've
pilers do not correctly attribute its
never said I was a "remote-viewer,"
origin, probably because of the lack
or claimed to use "remote-viewirig"
of historical data.)
as an ability. Remote-viewing is a
To quote that Encyclopedia:
format, and only the feedback of
,.. "Remote-Viewing: A protocol to
each separate remote-viewing exer-
test for extrasensory perception."
cise establishes whether or not re-
(Emphasis added.)
mote-viewing has taken place.
"Testing for" extrasensory per-
In a very literal sense, then, it is
iception requires feedback, and as
the positive feedback that is re-
such is the key element regarding
mote-viewing. Without the former
remote-viewing: Without feedback
the latter cannot be said to exist,
confirmations only unconfirmed psi
and clearly no utilitarian value of it
perceptions have taken place, and
can be perceived.
should be openly and fairly present-
ed as such. It is not ethical to try to
References
lead others into believing that psi
Note: Regarding the following.
perception has taken place until it
references, while remote-viewing
September 1993/FATE 81 -
time "ten!
was originally conceived at the ESP Core and Its Raw Characteris-
ASPR in 1971; it received, interna-
tics. New York: Bantam Books,
tional merit after 1974 at Stanford " 1987. Republished: Los Angeles:
Research Institute (SRI) under the
Jeremy P. Tarcher, Inc., 1991. (Note:
auspices of Dr. HE. Puthoff and
•This is the only published book dis-
Mr. Russell Targ, along with many: "cussing andillustrating the most im-
other contributors with whom I
portant psychic-mind-dynamic phe-
worked for 18 years, and to whọm
nomena and problems of the re-
I'm deeply indebted both in fäct
"mote viewing process.)
and memory.
Additionally, the remote-viewing
Mitchell, Janet Lee, Out-of-Body
protocol was successfully demon
Experiences: A Handbook. London:
strated by other research groups.
McFarland & Company, 1981.
I've listed the following references
chronologically, since the chronolo-
Ebon, Martin. Psychic Warfare:
gy takes precedence over the au-
Threat or Illusion? New York: Mc-
thors in that it shows the increasing
•Graw-Hill Book Co., 1983.
involvement of remote-viewing with
various kinds of wider interests. The
full history of the development of
remote-viewing has yet to be writ-
ten, but is under way by myself.
Swann, Ingo. To Kiss Earth Good-
Bye. New York: Hawthorn Books,
1975. Republished: New York: Dell
Publishing Co., 1977.
Wilhelm, John L. The Search for
Superman. New York: Pocket
Gittelson, Bernard. Intangible Evi-
dence. New York: Simon & Schus-
ter; 198%.,
Jahn, Robert G. and Brenda J.
Dunne. Margins of Reality. New
York: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich,
1987.
Mitchell, Janet Lee. Conscious
Evolution. New York: Ballantine,
1989.
: Books, 1976. Also; Psychic Spying?
Outlook/Washington Post Sunday
Magazine, August 7, 1977.
Puthoff, Harold E. and Russell
Targ. Mind-Reach: Scientists Look
at Psychic Ability. Delacorte Press/
Eleanor Friede, 1977.
Swann, Ingo. Natural ESP: The
Blum, Howard. Our There: The
Government's Secret Quest for Ex-
traterrestrials. New York: Simon &
Schuster, 1990.
Alexander, John B., Richard
Groller, and Janet Morris. The War-
rior's Edge. New York: William
Morrow and Company, 1990.0
82 FATE/September 1993
is!
