{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:05:09Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2064930, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/122993-witness-10663-the-crumbling-mainstream-resistance-to-the-paranormal.pdf", "source_sha256": "adbdc0dfc68d1881dd8cfadb9d525e38287eb5543a35b182000c17e27b3f9e0d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2142, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•.
-
1
THE CRUMBLING MAINSTREAM RESISTANCE
TO THE PARANORMAL
NEW SCIENTIFIC CONFIRMATIONS REGARDING THE
EXISTENCE OF CERTAIN PSI FACULTIES
YOUR SEVENTEEN SENSES
XXX
Synopsis of a talk presented to the
United Nations Parapsychology Society (NGO)
How many of you here today would like to have seventeen
senses rather than just five of them?
How many think that
seventeen would be better than just five? How many of you here
already know than you have more than five senses?
When Mohammed Ramadan and Clarence Robins asked me to come
here and rap about something, we had a little difficulty deciding
interest. Finally it dawned on me
that there exists what we might call a Particular Situation
regarding psychic perceptions.
We might perhaps
better grasp the
nature of this Particular Situation if I ask you:
(1) How many of
you are vaguely or more deeply aware that
parapsychology exists and what it deals with?
(2)
How many of you are vaguely or more deeply aware of the
scientific non-acceptance of parapsychology?
well, for those of you who know little of this,
parapsychology deals with human psi faculties (such as ESP,
telepathy, and clairvoyance), and does so more or less outside of
mainstream scientific acceptability. I'll discuss the whole of
this in what follows.
The Particular Situation I've already referred to is that on
the leading edges of science during the last twenty years or so,
a somewhat new interdisciplinary field has been coming into
existence between parapsychology and the scientific rejection of
it. This new field is not comprised of parapsychologists; but it
is comprised of scientific disciplines completely accepted in
science.
Shortly, I'll risk boring you to distraction by
identifying twenty-one of these cutting-edge fields. However, in
this new interdisciplinary field the biological and organic basis
for many forms of ESP have been conclusively discovered. All of
these discoveries have been published in some form, scientific or
popular, with commentary that the entire question of human psi
periormance should be completely and positively reevaluated by
science, psychology, psychiatry, and society.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2646, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
= 1•
2
You would therefore think that the debate about whether ESP
exists or not should be retired into history. Yet nothing of the
kind has happened, and our society, its hard
and soft sciences,
its skeptics, its
media, its academe, and its attitudes just go
on as if nothing has taken place along these lines.
Some of you
here may already know which discoveries I'm referring to: but
chances are that you may not be at all aware of them.
I myself
know many parapsychologists and scientists who are not even aware
of them.
In fact, about the only group that has taken adequate
and accurate interest in these astonishing discoveries are the
scriptwriters of the TV series Star Trek:. The Next Generation.
So I decided to review this Particular Situation for you
here today, and perhaps find out what you think about it, or how
it can be explained more thoroughly.
But first, let me give you a little of my background.
During the course of 1970, I began volunteering as a test subject
in psi experiments in several New York parapsychology
laboratories.
Some of these experiments demonstrated unusual
and subsequently, by 1972, a good deal of media
attention.
I was then
invited to take part in experiments in a
number of
other laboratories, and in 1973 became part of a large
effort at Stanford Research Institute International, the nation's
second
largest "think-tank" based in Menlo Park, California.
worked
within these
auspices, supported by on-going official
funding, until I letired from active lab research in 1989.
The overall scope of the project at SRI presented unusual
opportunities regarding what had been called psychic or
parapsychology research, but which evolved there into novel
concepts, such as psychoenergetics and bio-communications.
concepts
were formulated on basic principles somewhat differing
from those typical of parapsychology that had held sway from
approximately the early 1930s.
The on-going project at SRI
ultimately came to involve over 500 participants, scientists, and
serious over-sight officials, all collected into
a broad
multidisciplinary examining body which considered a large and
diverse number of factors relating to human psi potentials.
significant
sh othe seed a til da endently
considerably outside of the scope of parapsychology. To the
surprise of those non-parapsychological researchers, many of
their discoveries
were applicable to determining the real
existence of certain psi or extrasensory faculties in the
biological human.
Our project began incorporating these new
discoveries into our understanding.
The meaningful implications
of the sum of such discoveries is the topic of this talk.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2806, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* ..
3
Unfortunately, in order really to put all this into
perspective, it seems necessary to first drag you through what
might be called the anti-psychic historical situation, since it
is this situation that contains
the reasons for earlier
scientific and mainstream resistance to psi and against which the
meanings of the new discoveries
have to be contrasted. You can
sleep through this part of this
talk if you want; but
in any
event don't mistake it for an attack upon science
or psychiatry
or social values.
I'm merely reviewing historical contexts that
are pertinent to the new discoveries -- and to your seventeen
senses that are ripe in potential.
so, to first give some historical perspective nere, it Is
well-known that organized scientific resistance to all forms of
psychical research has prevailed since at least 1882 when the
first Psychical Research Society was founded in London both
outside of and ultimately as an antagonistic and discredited
counterpart to other modern-age scientific disciplines.
societal power and influence of modern science was absolutely
enormous, and its precepts were concretely extended into academic
and media
collectives, and hence into what is often called the
"mainstream."
As but one social-influencing example of this, when I first
entered into psychical
experiments in 1970, Time magazine, when
it took note of parapsychology research and developments, did so
by reviewing them in what was,
in print, entitled "The Fraud
Bоx."
Such parapsychological luminaries as Dr. J. B. Rhine, and
wife and co-worker, Dr. Louisa Rhine, found themselves
reviewed in the fraud
box.
It's worth noting that Iime stopped
featuring its fraud box only in about 1973 when it was learned
that the Pentagon and the CIA had become interested in psychic
matters, since it would have been slightly politically incorrect
to feature either the Pentagon or the CIA in the Fraud Box.
The general rationale and specific reasons behind the
rejection of psi during the modern scientific epoch have always
been understood and openly stated.
The reasons are both
philosophical and scientific.
Within the constructs of
philosophical materialism that dominated modern-age scientific
understanding and expectations, it was broadly held that psi
faculties belong to superstition, and if not that, at least to
the religious concepts of the soul,
the religious
concepts
themselves being considered as unscientific in origin.
fore basic to scientific concepts themselves, though, it was
inderstood that the biological human possessed only five physical
senses,
and that none of these, as then known, could account for
the existence of extraordinary perceptual faculties.
The formal
for scientific resistance to psi was that until a direct
biological or organic basis for psi perceptions could be

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2711, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
discovered, hard scientists were obliged to ignore claims that
they existed.
The absence of such bio-organic explanations for psi
faculties was extended into the modern soft sciences of
psychology and psychiatry
as the basis for considering all claims
of such
• faculties to be either of illusory, hallucinatory, or
psychopathological etiology or cause.
These attitudes against
psi have been maintained for over a century, and are still
maintained via many professional and mainstream concepts of them.
As but one example, I'm now going to refer to the third
edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental
Disorders, published by the American Psychiatric Association in
1987.
I'm
• Ieferring to this Manual not as an antagonist to
psychiatry, but because it serves as a general and authoritative
professional reference book widely available in our cultural
mainstream.
The third edition is a revision of two earlier
Manuals, themselves based in part on even earlier manuals
generally grouped together as The International Classification of
Diseases begun in France about 1900. The present edition of the
International Classification is a function of the World Health
Organization today, and thus a function of the United Nations
complex of activities.
The present 9th edition of the
International Classification contains a Section V regarding the
classification of mental disorders, and which was incorporated by
the American Psychiatric Association into its 1987 Manual.
I'm obliged to point out here that the Manual is not only
counsellors, educators, sociologists, higher-education students,
law enforcement officials, government officials, congressional
persons, and, of course, various scientific disciplines.
.In My
experience as
an artist
living in New York, I've even found it
consulted by museum curators and gallery dealers.
NOw,
as I'1l discuss ahead, because the American Psychiatric
Association is about to make a startling and extraordinary change
in its upcoming fourth revised edition of the Manual, its worth
our understanding to take a very brief
excursion into the
pertinent part of the third edition.
If you consult that third edition of the Manual, you will
pages 194 and 195, under the heading of "Diagnostie
Criteria
for Schizophrenia," a listing of most of the standard
descriptions of psi faculties as, and I quote, "characteristic of
psychotic symptoms"
Some of the
"symptoms"
are given as thought
broadcasting, superstitiousness, beliel in clairvoyance,
telepathy, the sixth sense,
claims the one can feel
or others
can feel one's feeling. Also alluded to are religious-type
visions and ecstasies, and all of these "symptoms"
specifically characterized as, and I quote,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2608, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
1
5
magical thinking, influencing behavior and inconsistent with
cultural norms.
More basically, these "characteristic psychotic symptoms"
are generally grouped under the heading of "bizarre delusions,"
which are immediately defined in the Manual, as, and I quote:
"involving a phenomenon that the person's culture would regard as
totally implausible."
In other words, one of the fundamental
bases for determining whether something should be thought of as
psychotic or not exists with
whatever your culture would regard
as totally implausible.
Well, I am now old enough to have been
born into that culture which generally believed and taught that
men would never walk on the moon; and that the atom was so
indestructible that its would never be split or its energy ever
released.
I distinctly remember, in my childhood, people
speaking of
such "bizarre delusions"
In fact, this criterion of "the person's culture would
regard as totally implausible"
appears to be almost the exclusive
basis for such determinations.
This was confirmed within our
project at Stanford Research Institute where we possessed
extensive
capabilities,
through the national interlibrary-loan
system, of collecting all relevant research on. the mind.
At SRI
we were naturally interested in discovering the clinical research
data and documentation utilized to determine how and why psi
faculties had been
psychosis.
identified and confirmed as symptomatic of
We were especially ardent in this search, for we
wanted to learn if we working on the project researching psi
faculties were
a group of psychotic lunatics.
To be thorough and
impartial, a good part of this documentation
research was sub-
contracted to Stanford University Medical Hospital, one of the
most renowned in the United States.
The result of this gargantuan collection effort was this:
what was
called the
England and Europe who volunteered to admit that they had
experienced some kind of hallucination.
It's important to note here that both the advance hypotheses
and the preconceived model of this Census was that the phenomena
were hallucinatory or illusory and were to be interpreted in no
other way.
The results
of the Census, and its theoretical
concepts, were ultimately made widely available in 1898 as
Hallucinations and Illusions: a Study of the Fallacies of
Perception, by Edmund Parish, published as a volume of the then
enormously influential Contemporary Science Series.
Via this Census, it was determined that about less than 108
of the sane had temporarily experienced some kind of telepathic
or clairvoyant hallucination, but in some categories of

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2822, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
experience the average was much higher.
Immediately thereafter,
several international congresses utilized this data, and it was
generally determined that the less-than-108 figure indicated that
the hallucinatory abnormalities were only very marginal and thus
unimportant occurrences of the
phenomena.
But the direct result
here should be pointed up.
It's this:
that psychical faculties
not judged to exist within 108 of the population, since the
possibility of such faculties were excluded by the survey model;
rather it was judged that only a minimal 10% of the sane
population experienced hallucinations and illusions part of the
As the documentation research at SRI revealed, as of 1973
when our project there got underway, no other effort of any kind
had been made to survey populations with regard to determining
the frequency of occurrence among them of the allegedly
psychotic, psychical, and parapsychological phenomena.
76-year epoch had passed, during which no scientific research nad
place either to substantiate or contradict the prevailing
mainstream idea
that psi faculties were hallucinatory and hence
of psychotic etiology.
It's also worth pointing up here that
parapsychology never launched such a survey, when, in fact, doing
so might have
been expected of it.
In 1973, though, under the supervision of Dr. Andrew Greely,
larger national surveys were undertaken under the auspices of the
University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Council (NORC).
In 1985, the same research organization conducted larger
additional
surveys along these lines.
As a result of the latter
1985 poll it was determined that 678 (two-thirds) of all adults
reported having experienced various forms of ESP.
statistics were publicly presented in various forums and
for example, in
an article by Dr. Greeley entitled
"Mysticism Goes Mainstream" published in American Health, Jan-Feb
In 1989, the TV program 48 Hours, not content with the
Chicago polls, conducted one of their own -- and turned up with
similar and even more suggestive high statistics.
Thus, to let my sardonic nature vent itself here, if the
American Psychiatric Association's Manual is to be utilized, then
two-thirds of the American
population polled by the Chicago
university are psychotic.
Now, to return to the mainframe of this talk, public
perception of psi faculties and general scientific perception of
it are two different things.
As I mentioned earlier, the
justification in modern science for the rejection of psi was that
no biological or organic basis for it existed -- and until
basis was discovered, psi phenomena were to be considered
5s phenomena
such a
products of psychological disorientation, the judgmental basis of
which has
now been
established by what I've just reviewed
briefly. It's worth pointing up here that the absence of a

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2755, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
biological basis for ESP, and so Iorth, accounts for why the
phenomena were considered to be only psychological. Hence the
term Parapsychology - instead of Parabiology.
Public perception of the existence of psi has little meaning
here, and in fact does not inspire scientific mind-sets to alter
either their venues or purviews.
and the leading science magazine
Nature impblished in ongland)
follows its established editorial policy of automatically
rejecting any scientific papers submitted to it involving
parapsychology or psi phenomena.
Scientific American follows
suit, as do most other leading
publications.
scientific periodicals
In a descriptive sense, then, psi and
parapsychology are still "ghettoized"
• in the sense
that they
represent what the American Psychiatric Association's Manual says
they do: "bizarre delusions involving phenomenon that the
person's culture would regard as totally implausible."
The continued rejection in these terms, or any other, is
exceedingly strange -- because, as I'1l review shortly,
biological
and
organic bases for at least
several extraordinary
human perceptual faculties
commonly classified as
psi in
parapsychology have been discovered. And
discovered not by parapsychologists, but by neurophysiologists,
neuroanatomists, and biopsychologists -- and which fields are
3. ana Biopeyehologists"
they have been
perfectly respected in science in general.
But this leads now,
as it did during the 1970s, to which or
what culture is being utilized to determine misfitting
implausibilities.
If, as I will show, and others have already
announced, a bio-organic-causative basis does exist for some psi
faculties,
the rejection of psi has having no biological
basis is to be voided or considered
fulfilled and resolved. ' Some
aspects of the discovered biological basis for certain psi
faculties have existed since the 1950s
-- certainly enough time
for the implications to have penetrated even remote corners of
mainstream science and media coverage. Yet this positive shift
nas not taken place in mainstream culture, which apparently
remains recalcitrant toward the discoveries regarding the
biological basis for psi.
Now, "mainstream culture" is not really a culture of and in
itsell; rather it consists of a number oi sub-cultures that
integrate enough
so as to have attitudes and expectations in
common.
How many of you here know what a Chinese Box is? You
open one box only to find another one inside of it.
When you
open the second one you find a third, and so forth.
Here is one of these endless boxes.
If bio-bases for
certain kinds of psi have been
discovered, and if science in
general still ejects the fulfillment of its own demands in this
regard, then something else is crucially involved. A clue to

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2794, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
what this "something else" might be was somewhat inadvertently
revealed behind the scenes of general public information, and
more or less kept concealed by lack of media-outlet interest.
During 1986 and 1987, a formal debate between skeptics and
parapsychologists was arranged, principally under the auspices of
Drs. K. Ramakrishna Rao and John Palmer on the parapsychologists
side, and Dr. James E. Alcock, a psychologist and leading
scientific skeptic, on the skeptics' side.
The way the debate
was formulated was that the parapsychologists would gather a
series of papers from a number of parapsychologists showing
statistical evidence that psi existed.
In reply, the skeptics were to present a series of papers
commenting on what they thought to be inadequacies of the
parapsychologists, and showing that psi didn't exist.
All the
papers were to be studied by a third independent refereeing group
which was to compare the two bodies of papers and see what could
be made of them.
The whole of these papers, along with the
commentaries of the third refereeing group, were then published
in toto by the Cambridge University Press in Behavioral and Brain
Sciences (1987), pages 539-643.
The parapsychologists' papers were grouped under the general
heading oi
"The anomaly called psi:
Recent Research and
Criticism."
In the
"Abstract" heading the parapsychologists'
papers, they offered that statistical
evidence for psi was good
but not enormous, but that the statistical samples were
consistent enough to lead them to feel that "a wide range of
research seems to converge on the idea that, because ESP
"information'
seems to behave like a weak signal that has to
compete for the [converging] information-processing resources of
the organism ...
that such a meaningful convergence of results
suggests that psi phenomena may represent a unitary, coherent
process whose nature and compatibility with current
physical
theory have yet to be determined."
More simply put, this means that psi information signals
exist within the noisy information-processing resources of our
organisms, and that a reduction
of the noise may permit psi
signals to emerge more clearly.
Now, in response to the parapsychologists' papers, presented
under the heading of "The anomaly called psi: Recent Research
and Criticism," the skeptics produced their answering collection
of papers under their heading of "Parapsychology:
Science of the
anomalous or
the search for the soul?"
In part, the "Abstract"
of the skeptics' papers reads:
"Although many parapsychological
research projects have been carried out under what have been
described
well-controlled conditions, this does not by itself
make a science, for unless and until it
can be demonstrated that
paranormal phenomena really exist, there is no subject matter

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2604, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
around which a science can develop... It is argued in this paper
that parapsychological inquiry reflects the attempt to establish
than a leach far expateral a for oman exesten, rather
Now, I've worked full-time for twenty years in the stygian
gloom of parapsychology laboratories of all kinds. I've many
criticisms to voice as many parapsychologists have found out,
mostly because I can't keep my big mouth diplomatic enough.
But
I've no criticism here concerning their alleged search for the
-- simply because I can't remember hearing any of them use
the term, and I've very seldom seen it in print in the entirety
of psychical research and parapsychological archives.
As a matter of real fact, the accumulating of statistics
under well-controlled conditions is the accepted mainstay of the
scientific process. It's the accumulating of the statistics that
gives
evidence of
except parapsychology, even statistics of lesser minute degree
are automatically taken as evidential.
Although
I probably don't need to point out to your
excellent qualities of
understanding, both the parapsychologists
and skeptics brought the best they could offer in the way of
eminence and expertise to this debate.
The parapsychologists
presented
statistical evidence:
in response the skeptics
presented
a philosophical (or anti-religious) argument about
the
soul.
It was clear to the independent third-party referees that
the
two groups weren't talking about the same or even similar
substantive matters,
and most of them said as much in print --
after which the documents published in the esteemed Behavioral
and Brain Sciences issue were ignored by media outlets
and thus
settled into the cultural oblivion where implausibilities are
urged to go and not bother anyone.
In fact, two years
before they organized their curious
debate, if both the parapsychologists and the scientific skepties
had read a book that came out in 1984, and was easily available
via the esteemed publisher, Simon & Schuster, both sides might
have approached the facts
and issues involved quite differently.
Now, having dragged you all through the foregoing, let me
begin to readjust our cultural
perceptual understandings, psychic
or otherwise, about this. This won't take long, and is actually
quite simple.
The term parapsychology came into use because no biological
bases
for psi had been
discovered, or were even thought to be
plausible by the socially prevailing opinions of the hard
were ascribed to the soft
sciences as being exclusively mental or psychological in origin.
But the socially prevailing opinions of the soft sciences didn't

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2549, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
-feel that the faculties were plausible, either, and thus held
them to be hallucinatory.
So the term Para (meaning "beyond")
Psychology was adopted
-- this a term never accepted as meaning
anything real in the soit sciences,
but accepted as the illusory
matter of scientifically rejectable parapsychology only.
Upon these grounds, then, or the lack of them, both the hard
and soft sciences of the modern epoch rejected as culturally
implausible the real
existence psi faculties in the bio-
psychological human
-- sometimes expressed as the mind-body
human.
Thus, we
are dealing here with the two mind-sets of the
hard
and soft
sciences, both
of which rejected psi
faculties as
being, in their terms, culturally implausible.
I'll be brave
enough to point out that the socio-cultural rejection of psi by
both
socio-mind-sets rests on an almost total vacuum of direct
research by their own functionaries and representatives -- albeit
with one novel and even shocking exception, to which I'll allude
at the end of this talk.
The new and now on-going discoveries of biological bases for
many psi faculties is now best expressed, perhaps, as
Parabiology, meaning beyond former standard concepts of biology.
OI, perhaps, the term Parapsychobiology -- which, if translated
into Russian, would become the term translated back into English
as bio-communications or bio-information transfer.
The new discoveries regarding the biological bases for psi
faculties
so far roughly fall into
Iive categories.
I have to
get a little technical here, but
I'll simplify just ahead.
These
five general categories are:
minute chemical
receptors and
sensors; minute chemico-electro receptors and
sensors; neural-
network
exchanges of information in the bio-internal body
substrates; bio-electromagnetic information receptors and
sensors; and bio-information transfer networks at the atomic,
molecular, and neurological levels.
If these new terms are
somewhat confusing, well don't worry
too much.
What they amount to is the confirmed scientific
understanding, in the novel hard sciences, that the human bio-
body possesses at least seventeen delicate systems of receptors
and sensors that can integrate with our normal five, and, given a
chance' in,
can also integrate with our mental cognitive powers
-- to
faculties, "Yes, what have otherwise generally been called "psi
Now, to give
sciences
you here some broad idea of the cutting-edge
involved, I'll quickly read through a list of 21 of
them:
Electro-chemical physiology
Neurobiology
Neurophysiology
Neuropsychology

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2433, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
Bio-radiation studies
Hormone and Hormonal
transmission research
Chemical signal research
Bio-electric research
Brainwave research
Bio-sensitivity research
Bio-electric information transfer research
Sensory coding research
Bio-magnetic navigation research
Bio-electronic systems research
Bio-electric field detection research
Electrophysiological studies
Pheromone and pheromone transfer research
Multi-stability in perception Iesearch
Subliminal perception research
Neuro-magnetic response research
Bio-infrared and bio-ultraviolet perception research
At this point, I could adumbrate upon many
more than just a
thousand scientific papers about these discoveries published in
science literature, even in the esteemed leading science
periodicals such
as Nature and Scientific American.
The
authors
of these papers, though, never use the terms psi, psychic, or
parapsychology, since the mere introduction of them would cause
their
papers
to be rejected.
The editors
and peer-review systems
such publications
apparently don't realize, for
example, that
"bioinformation transfer over distance" means about the same
thing as
"telepathy"
and/or "clairvoyance"
But this is merely
part of the Particular Situation I referred to at the beginning
of this talk.
hold up in my hand before you, so that you
can see
that
it really exists, a
book published in 1984 via simon
Schuster, by Robert Rivlin and Karen Gravelle.
This book is
complete
with bibliography of scientific sources, but is easy to
It's entitled, somewhat misleadingly, as Deciphering the
The Expanding World of Human Perception.
It should have
been called something like The Discovery of the Biological Basis
for Psi and Other Anomalous Perceptions.
The discoveries brought
in this book, although in popular style,
re based on hard scientific discoveries that have been achieved
in other disciplines outside and independent of parapsychology;
such the sum of them clearly fulfills -- at least
regarding certain forms of psi «- the earlier scientific demand
that a bio-organic basis for psi be discovered.
I quote from the fly-leaf: "For centuries we have used an
oversimplified and inaccurate
model to explain the human senses.
Even now, high school biology classes still teach the 'five
senses'
But recent scientific research
has discovered that
there are many more than five senses, and these discoveries have
radically changed our understanding
of what the senses are and

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2652, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
how they work.
Rivlin and Gravelle redefine for the general
reader the spectrum of human perceptions from the normal to the
newly discovered to the extra-sensory." As chapter
indicates, the book discusses
"The seventeen senses" additional
to our usual five ones, and then goes on to place the newly-
discovered
senses in context with the usual five.
They consume
eight chapters
to do so before they reach chapter 9, entitled
"Extra-sensory perception."
Now, lest there be some misunderstanding here, the two
authors are not describing psychological or mental
functions.
They are discussing the actual existence within our biology of
minute physical-chemical-bioelectromagnetic "receptors"
"gensors" that interact within networks of the "information-
processing resources of the organism" as hypothesized by the
parapsychologists in their debate with the skeptics. As is
pointed out, five senses are obviously not enough to account for
the huge range of
sensory possibilities of which the human
species is capable, while seventeen senses is probably a more
accurate count, with more probably yet to be discovered.
As to what these
seventeen new senses are.
The seventeen
new senses interact with each other to provide a rather extensive
list, many of which have in the past been referred to as
"psychic.
Since we don't have time here to go through them,
I've brought a few copies of that list to hand out, along with
some copies
of this lecture, and all of which you are free to
duplicate.
But, for example, the bio-body is now know to have a
functioning vomeronasal
system containing receptors enabling, at
the bio-subliminal level, the detection of minute amounts of
chemical signals that tell us about another's sexual receptivity,
fear,
anger, and other emotions -- an
aptitude more commonly
referred to
as
"psychic vibe-sensing."
In another category, through the use of a newly invented
device called the SQUID, scientists can and have measured and
begun to classify the brain's electrical activity outside of the
scalp, which in turn has led to discoveries that bio-electric
activity extends to some distance beyond the skin, which in turn
has led to the discovery of bio-electric sensors
not only in the
skin, but in the neuropeptide activity that transmits all kinds
of subtle senses information through the immune system and into
the brain and back again into the body's extremities and all its
internal organs, including into its surrounding bio-
electromagnetic field.
the scalp and outside of the skin clearly egseeing..the
that many clairvoyants have specialized in
Rivlin and
Gravelle even hypothesize that, and I quote, "thoughts may,

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2799, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
indeed, have wings, and some of us may have the ability to sense
what others are thinking," via these newly discovered bio-
electromagnetic receptor-sensing networks.
The two authors
wonder:
"Do some psychics and mystics have this ability, vastly
magnified, so they can sense the electricity from considerable
distances?"
Actually, this is the same question that those researching
electromagnetism and bio-electromagnetism have been wondering
about for over fifty years.
So it's worth pointing up here that
the existence of extensive bio-electromagnetism essentially was
demonstrated late during the last century, but its existence has
not figured very much either into scientific psychology or in
scientific parapsychology -- both of these two fields having
managed mutually to ignore it altogether.
Did you know that in addition to yourself being a meat body
with eyes, livers, hearts, and appetites of various kinds, you
are also a bio-electronic one?
Have you
ever thought of yourself
as such? If you begin to, well, some interesting might begin to
happen.
is one of the leading researchers
in the
United States regarding electromagnetism and bio-
electromagnetism.
With
2, he published, in 1985, a
book entitled The Body Electric:
Electromagnetism and the
Foundation of Life (William Morrow, New York), and which
"tells
the story of our bioelectric selves."
A companion book is Harold
Saxton Burt's Blueprint for Immortality:
The Electric Patterns
of Life (Neville Spearman, London, 1973-1988).
Becker has made many unequivocal
statements regarding
the psi implications of bio-electromagnetism.
For example,
published in Psychoenergetic Systems, 1977, Vol. 2, PP. 189-196,
"An Application of Direct Current Neural
to Psychic Phenomena, " he states that "The concept of a
primitive electronic communication system in all living things
can be a useful tool in understanding both 'normal' and
"paranormal' phenomena that have lacked a rational biological
explanation.
Indeed, it appears that human beings are tied
to
the universe in a web of electromagnetic energy."
At this point, I believe I've now presented for your
consideration
the rudiments
of
the Particular Situation I
referred to here at the beginning. The Particular Situation
consists of three
facts:
(1) science demanded that a bio-organic
explanation for psi
faculties be found before it could accept
them as real; (2) bio-organic explanations have been found for
many kinds of psi faculties; and (3) everyone seems to be
ignoring both the facts and the implication of (2) as just
stated.
Well, not exactly "everyone."
But certainly academia
and media, even the venerable Jime magazine, so far -- which, I
predict,
Will one day ahead publish a cover-story advising:
'Surprise!
Everything you thought you knew about psi is wrong."

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2834, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
As to more of what the seventeen senses are. Did you know
that the soles of your feet and the palms of your hands contain
minute magnetic receptors and sensors that "recognize" minute and
gross changes in local magnetism?
Here are the rudiments of
dowsing, healing, and various rough forms of psychometry which
means psyching-out what something is by merely holding it.
though.
en it built
Alas,
If you haven't built neural pathways to your cognitive
faculties, you probably won't be able to sense what the soles of
Of course, I could extend this lecture
indefinitely and outline why most of us haven't built such
neural-cognitive pathways -- largely because we don't want to
seem implausible in our culture, do we?
In coming to the end of my alloted time here, I'd like to
report to you an astonishing event that's about to occur. I've
referred several times to the venerable third revision of the
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders published
by the American Psychiatric Association, and which refers
195 to "superstitions"
on
page
as being at least
schizophrenic in origin,
and which goes on to include, and I quote: "unusual perceptual
experiences such
as sensing the presence of a force or person
not
actually present."
Among other things this is
taken to refer to
are religious and spiritual problems that entail experiencing
clinical
or near-death episodes in which disembodied or non-
physical forces
and persons are encountered, and then coming back
from them to life.
In it's February 10, 1994 pages, the venerable New York
Times reports that
the APA is about to publish
a fourth revised
edition of its Manual.
In it will be a new category of interest,
which is, and
I quote,
"In a change intended to encourage mental
health professionals to view a patient's religious experience
more seriously, the next edition of the standard guide for
psychiatric diagnoses includes
a new entry entitled "Religious or
Spiritual
Problem'
."
The Time's article goes on to state that
in
the past "such problems were being misdiagnosed and mistreated"
and then goes on to state that "researchers now recognize that
near-death or after-death experiences are not uncommon, but that
in the past psychiatrists might have mistakenly diagnosed then as
a symptom of a mental disorder."
An article published in The
American Journa, of Psychiatry is guoted as saying, and I guote
it here, too,
"that the stereotyping of religion as clinically
harmful
... contradicted the extensive findings that religion
and/or spiritual experiencing was positively associated with
mental health."
It appears that the skeptics of
parapsychology have
new forum in which to discuss the soul, don't they, and this
forum doesn't any longer consist of timid parapsychologists, but
which is no less than the esteemed American Psychiatric
Association.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 190, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
Upon this sardonicism, I now rest my case before you, or at
least rest whatever you've
been able to make of it.
I hope I
haven't bored you to death, and I thank you for your attention.
-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2253, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A PARTIAL LISTING OF
NEWLY-DISCOVERED HUMAN "PSI" SENSES
NOW KNOWN TO HAVE BIO-ORGANIC BASES
The normal 5-senses are: seeing, hearing, feeling, tasting,
smelling.
Note that the extent of these differ from individual
to individual, and because of cultural-environmental reasons.
Bio-organic bases have been discovered for the following
additional senses:
Receptors in the nose that "smell" emotions, and that can
identity motives, sexual receptivity, antagonism,
benevolence, etc.
(Psi vibe-sensing).
Receptors in the
ear that "hear" differences in pressure and
electromagnetic irequencies. (ESP-1ike).
skin receptors that detect balance and imbalance regarding what
is exterior to the bio-body. (Remote-sensing, a form of
ESP) •
receptors that
detect motion outside of the body, even when
the body is asleep.
(A form of ESP).
Directional-finding
and locating receptors in the endocrine and
neuropeptide systems. (Directional dowsing, a form of ESP or
intuition).
Receptors that identify "fluid" motions of horizontal, vertical,
diagonal, even if
not visually perceived. (As in the psi
portion
of the martial art Akido.)
} Subliminal sense of pitch of sound:
} Subliminal
sense of heat:
• Subliminal
sense of frequencies
(Forms of ESP, vibe-
sensing)
and waves, either mechanical
or energy:
}
Sense of non-visual wave motion. (A form of ESP).
Sense of non-visual
oscillating patterns.
(A form of ESP).
Receptors that identify positively- or negatively-charged
particles at the atomic level.
psi"
(Psi equivalent is "micro-
rare or otherwise
unidentitied, except in the case of
(the famous Theosophist and clairvoyant) who
published Occult Chemistry (1908, 1918), who correctly
described
sub-atomic particles, many undiscovered at the
time, but discovered since.
Micro-psi faculties are
mentioned
as one of the "sidhis" in the Yoga Sutras of
Pataniali.)
Remote-sensing
systems. (Forns of clairvoyance.)
Skin receptors
that "recognize" the temperament
of other
iological organisms.
(A form of psi "reading").
Eidetic senses -- seeing images after their source has beer
removed from the visual field. (A type of clairvoyance.)
Sense of magnetic fields
}
Sense of infrared
radiation) (All commonly thought of as forms
Sense of electrical
energy y
of ESP).
-

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2379, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
Sense-traducing of various forms of mechanical, chemical, and
electromagnetic energy into meaningful nerve impulses.
commonly thought of as forms of ESP).
(All
Whole-body receptors (hundreds of different kinds of them) to
detect pheromones, sexual receptivity,
feat, love,
admiration, danger, pain in others. (All forms of ESP).
Receptors that sense gravitational changes.
(Dowsing.)
Neurological sense of appropriate and inappropriate food
substances.
(A substrate for psi healing.)
Neurological senses for interpreting modulated electronic
information by converting them into analog
signals for
mental storage, interpretation, and cognition. (One of the
bio-bases for telepathy.)
Bio-electronic receptors for sensing radiation, including X-rays,
cosmic rays, intrared radiation, and ultraviolet light, all
oi these receptors being found in the retina oi the eye.
(Psi equivalents not known,
and only have been researched in
the bio-communications model of the former Soviet Union and
the People's Republic of China.)
Sense-receptors for local and distant sources of heat. (An
unnamed psi aptitude, but one familiar to Amerindians.)
Receptors that respond to
exterior electrical fields and systems.
(The basis for "aura" perceiving.)
The following are generally referred to in the new sciences as
"Human Semaphore Capacities":
Skin receptors for sensing perceptions of bonding or antagonism.
(Thought of as forms of intuition.)
Senses for
"languages" of nonverbal sensory communicating.
(Usually grouped with "vibe-sensing.")
Receptors that trigger alarm and apprehension before their
sources
are directly perceived. (A form of psi foresight or
foreseeing or intuition.)
Combined
senses (neural networks) for making meaning out of 130
identified nonverbal physical gestures and 20 basic kinds of
nonverbal messages.
(Sometimes thought of as intuitional
character assessment, and
as a psi faculty.)
Senses for registering nonverbal emotional waves. (Another form
of intuition.)
It is now known.
for sure, that the PINEAL gland, if in good
working order, responds to:
Cycles of light and darkness, anticipating them with accuracy as
the daily motion of the sun and moon change. (A kind of
foreseeing.)
Solar and lunar rhythms, solar disruptions (flares) and moon-
sense "coming"
(A form of
predictive ESP, especially noted in farmers, but also in
cows, dogs, cats, and snakes.)

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 317, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
“ALF

Geo-electromagnetic “pulses". (Psi equivalent unidentified).

Magnetic fields, especially biological ones. (Aura-sensing).

If the pineal is fully functional, it acts as a nonvisual photo-
receptor. (Psi equivalent is sometimes thought of as "X-ray
vision)..

Please note that this list is not complete.

x * X
