{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:39:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 668740, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123011-witness-10452-united-states-oct-26-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "f12a102606eecd092c56a7accfa2303c0be224ab556af0b9a76455314841c3ed"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 702, "chars": 4110, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Dear
My wife and I are living out of a small mobile home while our new home is being constructed on our property. For that reason,
we have many items in storage among which is my pilot's log book which would remind me of the exact date of the event. For
now I can only recall that it was a perfectly clear night with a blanket of stars overhead. Anyway, the details as / recall without
the prompting of my log book, are as follows:
I was an Air Force 1st Lt. serving as an all-weather interceptor pilot in the 10th Air Division, 64th Fighter Interceptor Squadron,
operaling out of Elmendorf AFB, Anchorage, Alaska from 1954 thru 1956. My radar obsener, >
XX, and myself were
launched on a "weather hop" which consisted of a flight around an area encompassing probably 200 or 5o nm square, maybe
more. Our mission was to report weather observances from a flight level of usually 25,000 fi. We usually departed around
100 and arrived back perhaps an hour or so later. We departed from Elmendorf AFB, 64th FIS. We had virtually complete
he flight and were about 50 or so miles southwest of Anchorage and had just passed Kenai on the east edge of the Coo
Inlet, heading towards Anchorage. We were level at 25,000 ff. The night was so bright and clear that I had gradually tumed
my cockpit instrument lights lower and lower as my eyes adjusted until they were completely off (hence no canopy
reflections). Unfortunately my radar observer was fighting boredom and had selected ground map on the radar and was
"painting" the coast line as we flew along it. I say unfortunately as he was unable to quickly go into an inflight search mode to
try to paint the unknown. I became aware of an object at about my 11:00 position. It was clearly seen as a dark obiect
withoutLights and with what appeared to be an exnaust plume behindit and several times longer than the length of the object.
The FO was heading approximatel.180 degrees fom my heading, and such that its flight path. took it to my left and
somewhat higher in elevation Somewhere in this time frame! started to transmit the sighting to. our UFO frequency. Our
instructionwas to select the channel and start transmitting.
We were not to wait, for response or acknowledgement from the
ground. I reported my sighting in detail as it was happening. When the object reached a point across from.my positich, the
plume suddenly reduced in length from severatimes longer than the crait to about its same.length. recall thinking, that it
must be slowing down, as fit, also had seen me. Although it seemed not to be illuminated the UFO remained clear, visible
against the stadit sky.!! was "cigar shaped". I have no idea as to its actual size as I don't know how close it was to me. If it
was "aircraft size",
, it would have been a few thousand feet above me and perhaps a half mile or so away. L also estimated the
speed (based on "aircraft size) as approximately 2000 mph, I maneuvered the F-89D in a hard left climbing tum in order to
keep the UFO in sight as it passed. I also had asked my radar observer to try and make radar contact. He was unable to do
so. I also don't think that he was able to make visual contact as he had his face in the radar screen and was blinded for
several seconds. I watched the object continue in a straight and level flight path passing almost directly over Kenai
proceeding SW.
I was asked to be available for debriefing when I landed. It probably took no more than 5 to 10 min. max for me to land. I was
told to park at the 65th (or perhaps 66th) FIS and not the 64th from where I had departed for the debriefing. When I taxied in
fook perhaps a half of an hour. Theard nothing further about the incident except my squadron officers had somehow been
made aware as there was an announcement made in a general meeting that was held a few days later for some other
purpose. It was not treated as a "bia deal".
It has been about 45 years since this occurred so my recall is probably not complete but I can certainly visualize the incident
as I typed this response.
Hope that this helps
Wednesday, October 25, 2000
xXXXXX
Page: 2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 971, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XXXXXXX
J
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
Re: Archive Project
10/26/00 7:26:09 AM Eastem Daylight Time
Thank you for the interest. I wish that I could participate but this is a most busy time for us. We are having a home built and !
am doing all of the interior. It has taken longer than expected to get to the home ready for interior finishing and winter is
coming on so my wife and I spend every available hour working on it so hopefully we can occupy it in the near future. We also
run an aircraft consulting business out of our home and work about half of each day on that. I would not be able to make
either of those schedules. It is also quite difficult to fly out of here. We have to commute to a neighboring city and
sometimes as far away as Portland (4 1/2 hrs) in order to make connections that are close to being reasonable in price.
I am interested in Dr. Greer's work and enjoy the information received from time to time.
Thank you,
Thursday, October 26, 2000
Page: 1
