{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T05:25:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2459386, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123031-harry-jordan-statement-of-ufo-navy-incident-5.pdf", "source_sha256": "7830108b45a1b764416e8ec825fb5bad6d04d38421fbcbeffb712fb9077a2eea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2350, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
track
FROM:
INTERNET:>
INTERNET: 11X
TO:
"Steven M. Greer M.D.", Dr_ET
DATE: 3/30/97 4:12 PM
xXS,
Re:
Re: DC Briefing
Sender: 1XX
Received: from esu3.esu3.k12.ne.us (esu3.esu3.k12.ne.us
[162.127.3.1]) by axXX
xXXXXXXXXX (8.6.10/5.950515)
id QAA11231; Sun,
30 Mar 1997 16:12:53 -0500
Received: from ppp_161.esu3.k12.ne.us by esu3.esu3.k12.ne.us;
(5.65v3.2/1.1.8.2/06Apr96-1022AM)
id AA08167; Sun, 30 Mar 1997 15:12:42 -0600
Message-Id: <3X
XXxxXXs>
Date: Sun,
30 Mar 1997 15:20:12 -0600
From: X
XXX
XXS>
Reply-To:
Organization: ESU#3
X-Mailer: MX
(Macintosh; I; 68K)
Mime-Version: 1.0
To: "Steven M. Greer M.D."
Subject: Re: DC Briefing/
References: <1X)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Dr. Greer" Here is my statement of the UFO incident I
experienced while in the Navy
XXXXX
XXXX MFA
U.S.S. Franklin D. Roosevelt CVA-42
Affidavit filed with C/SETI Committee March 30th 1997
FYI: Dr. Steven Greer , Director of C/SETI holding closed hearings
with former military and civilian sources who have had UFO
experiences while on active duty.
These hearings
are being held
April 8 thru 11 1997 .
I cannot be present at the closed hearings.
have agreed to testify at any public hearings if scheduled by the
Senate and have been in touch with Senator Kerrey9s office.
From October 1962 to December of 1965 I served in the United
States Navy on the destroyer escort U.s.s Lattey , destroyer U.s.s.
Loeser and the aircraft carrier
U.S.S. Franklin D. Roosevelt CVA-42
I was assigned to the Operations
Intelligence Division on all
three
ships. My duties were to display, analyze, report, record radar,
radio and electronic emission data within the Combat Information
Center. I was trained on Radar and Electronic Counter Measure
equipment at the Naval station in Newport , Rhode Island in 1963. I
served
two Mediterranean cruises aboard the aircraft carrier
Roosevelt from 1962 to 1964. Upon discharge from active duty I
was assigned to Jones Point
Naval Reserve Training Station in
Alexandria, Virginia as an instructor • I trained enlisted as well as
naval officers on use of navigation equipment and reporting
methods particular to radar intelligence recognition. I was
an expert
on identifying aircraft and ships while at sea with
various
electronic
equipment. After a major overhaul in Bayonne, New Jersey in late

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 611, "chars": 3736, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 1962 equipment
aboard the Roosevelt could detect surface or air
contacts from 300 miles on depending upon altitude of
During my second active duty cruise aboard the Roosevelt while
operating off the coast of Sardinia at approximately 0200 hrs. Zulu
time, I was
standing mid watch on a radar repeater and height
finding equipment. My IFF box was enabled and I was in the
process of challenging an aerial contact approaching the ship from
a true bearing northeast of our course.
The aerial contact was
detected at 300 miles according to the calibration rings on my
scope.
I made several adjustments to the calibration settings
because I didn9t believe I had detected such a strong contact at that
distance.
The aerial contact was at a height over 35,000 Ieet
then
dropped to 20,000 feet
in about 10 seconds upon my first 30
seconds of observation. The contact then stayed completely
stationary for about fifteen minutes.
I could have used the contact
as a fixed point for measuring our course and speed its position was
that steady.
The radar return was as strong as those I had seen
from ships the size of the Roosevelt herself. The unusual thing was
that
I had never seen an aircraft generate a radar return of that
magnitude.
I estimate from the signal
strength for this aerial bogey
that its size was at least half the size of the Roosevelt herself.
It was
not a dummy contact nor an artifact of a hostile ECM (Electronic
Counter Measure) system being tuned to homing frequencies
generated by electronic gear aboard the Roosevelt. During this
period the watch oilicer woke the Division Commander and
informed him of our situation. U.S. Naval Task Forces operating in
the med in those days were being subjected to frequent fly overs by
Russian Bear aircraft with electronic warfare capability. It was our
job to stay alert for such a scenario. This was no Russian Bear
Turbo bomber hovering at that altitude. The Division Commander
came into CIC observed the radar returns,
expedited his own ECM
scan of the contact and then using the ships telephone, phoned an
orderly standing watch at the Captains stateroom. The Captain was
appraised of the situation, ordered a course change into the wind
and increased ships speed to launch aircraft. During this time I was
continuing to observe the contact
and watched two Phantom F4B9s
once they attained sufficient altitude.
burners vectoring to a course straight
The Phantom9s went to after
• for the bogey on my scope.
After a period of about 15 to 20 minutes the F4B9s were within 60
miles of the bogey due north of our course. They turned on their
conical
• scan radar, after being on for only about ten seconds the
bogey disappeared from my scope. It was then gone for at least 45
minutes. The pilots did not detect any contact on their scope were
turned by the C.O. and headed back to the ship. The Captain had
kept the ship on a heading into the wind during this entire operation
so aircraft could be launched or recovered at will. The Phanton9s
returned to the ship and were recovered.
About five minutes after
the recovery of the last aircraft and during the process of turning
the
ship back to our original course the contact winked back on again !
This time it closed from a distance of 300 miles from the ship to
right
above us in about 30 seconds. I estimate the bogey9s speed was
around
3600 miles an hour at an altitude of 30,000 feet. I never saw
any heat signature nor heard a sonic boom which one could hear
frequently from CIC iI a jet happened to be at that speed when
passing over the ship. Someone in CIC yelled out 3dam it what the
hell is that 12 I couldn9t determine who made the conment. Lookouts
on the port and starboard look out wings of the conning tower could

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 3511, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
not see anything above the ship with their binoculars. It was a very
clear night at sea with no land in sight. ECM became jammed with
personnel and I remained in CIC.
They would not let me in the ECM
Ioom to examine the contact further. I don9t think the guys in there
knew what was going on. I heard some yelling. I noticed an officer
had never seen before standing at the entrance to CIC as though he
was guarding access
to CIC and ECM. The guy looked a little like a
very young Admiral Inman only he wasn9t an Admiral then but a very
thin, tall JG. If it was Inman, he would definitely remember this
incident.
It was like some preplanned security had been enabled to
confine and isolate information flow between certain personnel on
watch in CIC. If you were in ECM you didnt talk directly to your
buddy on a radar scope,
TERES
guy (whom none of us had ever seen before) standing watch at the
door to the companionway not through you headset you normally
used. We could only talk to the bridge and 1ookouts. One armed
Marine showed with the Captain. There was always orderly with the
Captain. The situation was bizarre and watch personnel. looked
scared but calm.
Watch logs were are always kept particularly while
underway on board a Naval ship.
General Quarters practice drills
are another matter but this wasnt a practice drill.
The Captain
did
not call General Quarters. I recall vividly when it was I first
determined how unusual the situation had been.
The C.O. asked
me later what I had put in my log if anything. He said to me
3Jordan,
this never happened?.
I replied 3yes sirl. I never mentioned
anything to fellow sailors or anyone else in my division even after
my
Honorable Discharge from the Navy. I was Honorably Discharged
from the Navy in December of 1965 at Jones Point Naval Training
Center in Alexandria, Virginia. On watch that night aboard the
Roosevelt were a plotter on the DRT, one on the VG, myself on the
radar scope, the watch officer, a plotter in the con and two look
outs. We all normally rotated every hour but this night everyone
stayed put the entire watch. It was my distinct impression from
5222222
airmen during chow time at breakfast that they were
confused about why the heck they would have such an unscheduled
launch and not be told what had been going on that night. It was
their duty to arm aircraft, etc. to me they had been obviously kept
the dark on this one operation.
I never said anything to them about
what happened that night.
During active duty I stood lookout watch
night and day. I logged well over 4000 hours operating radar
equipment and
standing watch during active duty with the sixth fleet
for two med cruises.
What I experienced that night wongt be
forgotten. Within one week one individual on my watch was flown off
the ship and we never saw him again. He was not scheduled for
release nor he did have any medical problem. He was on watch in
ECM that night.
A important point here, on several occasions while
on lookout we were able to spot satellites which traveled from pole
to pole and could even see
them with the naked eye sometimes.
They appeared as bright white lights with no strobes, without green
starboard or red port running lights. On two separate ocassions we
could see a larger white light fly up close to a satillite, pass it
head
off at a different angle and be over the horizion in a matter of
seconds. Satellites travel at 18,000 m.ph. and would be visible at
sea on a clear night from horizon to horizon line for about a minute

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3485, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
or two if you happened to sight one
while looking for ships or bogeys
and these things were passing them ! In both instances I reported
these observations immediately to the OOD or Officer On
Deck who
viewed the same objects. Whether these matters were written up in
official reports
somewhere is another matter.
I could care less if
what I say here is confirmed by former shipmates I know these
things happened
and other matters I don9t care to mention at this
time. My experiences with the UfO phenomenon since discharge
from active duty have become more fascinating as the years
progressed. I was 19 when I had the experience in the Navy, I9m
now 53. I do not " believe in" ufo's as though it were some personal
philosophy or religion. I know ufo's exist, period !
In 1985 I met Dr. John Kasher a physics professor at the University
of Nebraska in Omaha. His son was in one oi the Architecture
classes I teach at Creighton Preparatory Jesuit High School in
He9s a NASA consultant at Lawrence Liver Moore Labs in
California and presently a summer consultant on plasma physics at
Huntsville for NASA. He is currently the State Director for the
Mutual
Unidentified Flying Object Network of Nebraska.
and I
have personally investigated many cases related to
• UF09S.
cases involve people from age 5 to 709s across many professions.
we have video tapes of private interviews, physical trace cases and
Jab reports.
Some
cases involve events which occurred on the
ground
simultaneous with STS-Nasa missions. There are uncut,
unenhanced video tapes generated by cameras aboard the space
shuttle.
At present, cameras aboard the shuttle are monitored video
signals are delayed
several seconds and sometines minutes
before being fed to public video feed networks.
Immediately after
the STS-48 mission UfO mission flap in which Dr Kasher and I were
involved, Nasa began to delay the live feed. NASA9s premise for
altering video coverage of each mission was
that they didnt want
the world privy to the medical condition of the astronauts. This is
pure hogwash as never has the medical condition of astronauts
been public knowledge through video monitoring on public
channels.
I have a copy of the original NASA directive which went
out to all ground facilities the day after the STS-48 UFO flap. I
also
have listened on shortwave radio for thousands of hours to most
shuttle mission transmissions on 28.650 and 14.295. I have heard
astronauts mention 3alien spacecraft2 not just
3ufo9s under
observation2
• In one instance they flew seven astronauts to
Goddard immediately after
a particular mission who were debriefed
in a private banquet room in a restaurant across from the main
entrance at Goddard. That mission was STS-48.
Current facts and obvious military posture toward UF09s
UF09s
‚currently fly on station when the space shuttle is up. They
are being fired upon by high performance aircraft (Aurora replaced
the SR-71) using state of the art particle beam weapons.
The very
character of a particle beam does not need an atmosphere to be
seen as it imparts its own coherence upon the vacuum of space.
There are video tapes of STS-missions as recent as SIS-80 during
March 1997 wherein one can clearly see these beams coming up
from the earth through cloud cover below the space shuttle. What
concerns me most from field experience is that out of all the
Interviews with eye witnesses not one instance of a negative or
sordid nature has been told . Virtually all close encounters on the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1217, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- ea
ground have been very passive,
bizarre and extraordinary to
ordinary people. Whatever 3ordinary2 means these days is another
It is with legitimate concern for American citizens and the
world at large we should vigorously and immediately question
reasons why UF09s are being fired upon. I could care less if anyone
believes UFO9s exist or me but believe this, if what the federal
government knows about UF09s is not forthcoming someday soon,
those in the know will be held accountable by the American people•
Ihe current status of this posture and reasoning behind it should be
explained to the American people as soon as possible. If these
matters have been kept beyond knowledge of the Senate,
Congress and the President oi the United states then
this world is
in big trouble and we arengt being told the whole story. If
uncensored live public hearings were held today regarding some of
the current scenario9s mentioned here, there would be some red
faces at the Pentagon and NASA.
The truth needs to be brought
forward without further hesitation. More conditioning movies funded
by black programs isngt a solution they only cloud a bigger truth
here. The truth must be told, now.
Per Ardua Ad Astra9
589-92-03
