{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:37:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 233967, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123025-harry-jordan-southern-iowa-ufo-incident.pdf", "source_sha256": "e54ce9e5b90947f663ca0e6a2f36eabc272bdb2ba575b95e2b93896d05300c64"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1641, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Southern lowa Incident
by
Harry A. Jordan
On September 27th 1989 the call came in from lowa to Dr. "K"at a
well known mid-west University. Mr."C.R." had been farming for
over forty years and wanted someone to examine his farm field.
Dr. "K" has worked with plasma physics at the Lawrence
Livermoore Lab, at Huntsville for NASA as early as 1992 and
current Section Leader for MUFON in Nebraska. I've always had
respect for Dr. K, he's not above working long hours in the rain to
obtain accurate data. Several eye witnesses from age five to
eighty had been seeing strange lights for over thirty days Mr.
"C.R." stated. Dr. K asked if I could take a team to the site in
southern lowa where the sightings were experienced. Mr. C.R.
claimed nine UFO's landed in his farm field and Dr. K. had to leave
for a conference in Germany early the next morning. Dr. K. was
concerned we get to the site as soon as possible. I immediately
left home in the middle of a driving rain storm, went to the lab
at school, picked up two Geiger counters, calibrated them with
three different radiation samples, packed extra batteries and
made two phone calls. By 7:30 am there were three of us on
were on our way south via Route 29 toward Kansas City. Mr. "C"
and Miss"A" were great companions, besides knowing planetary
science and physics they were experts with video and technical
equipment. We arrived around 11:36 a.m. just north of
Drakesville in an area much like the countryside in Switzerland
where Billy Meir lived.
After passing the farmhouse at least three times, down the road
came another car with the farmers wife and granddaughter who
led us in.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1654, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We were greeted by the seasoned face of Mr. C.R.. C.R. was a
kindly man, one you respected immediately. His face showed
lifes experience and quiet wisdom. C.R. had inherited the farm
from his father and his grandfather was an original homesteader.
It was around 12:30 p.m.. The sun began peeking thru clouds as
we reloaded equipment into the truck and ORV for a half mile
ride to the farm field. We left the end road and traveled east
along a ridge then up a gentle slope to a corn field. As we pulled
up one could see the first set of circles near some haystacks.
We couldn't believe our eyes. The first two circles were about
six feet apart, one was forty foot in diameter the other twenty.
The grass outside the burn area was green, a six inch very light
beige colored band encircled both rings with the remaining
interior diameter of a darker tan. Although it had been raining
the ground was barely wet inside the circies. Each burn had a 6
foot concave bite or unburned area which interrupted each circle
that would've otherwise been perfectly round. At the bite in the
twenty footer one could see impressions where something had
walked toward two haystacks and had cut samples. C.R. used the
phrase " wallered down" to describe impressions in crop area's
outside the circles. One haystack had been there for some time,
was dark brown except one spot 28" above the ground which
measured 6"x4"x8", it was oval in shape and looked like an ice
cream scoop had been taken to it. We placed two samples from
hay "scooped" areas into plastic bags for examination at the
Lincoln Lab and later discovered at 350 magnification no
crushing of epidermis cells.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1612, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
Whatever instrument made the scoop was capable of cutting
discriminately between plant cells! The pathology report from
UNL later indicated damage to grass cellular structure within
burn areas could not have been caused by lightening, unnatural
sporation, disease or any known insect common to the region.
The conclusion was; "unknown irradiation" had been the source of
damage.
C.R. had his hand plug with him so we took core samples to a
depth of 12". After some difficulty in removing the hardened
cores, we were able to obtain samples both inside and outside of
the rings. Between a depth of 8" to 10", the ground had been
visibly hardened or oxidized a reddish or bisqued color, the dirt
above this line was very black and below. The two inch oxidized
area was replicated under lab conditions using an electric kin.
A temperature of 1700F had to be reached in order to duplicate
the same oxidized color and hardness. Someone out there had
one hell of a microwave generator. We had Alpha, Beta, and
Gamma radiation samples to test the Geiger counters. The plug
samples and areas inside the circles measured .5 millirads per
hour which was slightly above nominal background noise. One
core sample measured 1.5 millirads, C. and A. recorded that
reading on video tape .
When "Dr. K" and I returned two weeks later the
previous radiation levels were gone. This meant any theory regarding "gamma"
radiation was eliminated. Had there been gamma radiation at anytime it would've
still been present. The energy which focused on those areas was something quite
different than any manmade or "known" energy source.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1735, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
There were a total of nine circles found on Mr. C.R.'s farm. One
seventy footer with six equally spaced twenty footers around
the outside and two burned circles isolated near haystacks, the
forty-footer with a single twenty. As we were taking pictures
of the seventy from atop a tractor, Mr.C and Miss A called out
with urgency in their voices. When CR and I arrived the linear
burn marks going up hill were already being measured. There
were nine of them spaced forty feet apart and ninety feet long
running contrary to contour plowing. Mr. CR doesn't use
chemicals on his crops. We took pictures of very distinct lines
in crop areas outside of the circles. Where radiation had
occurred the crop was bleached almost white.
As we walked the lines on the hill I thought, at a time like this
is when one wished guys like Phil Klass and James Oberg were
around to answer questions live since they're so "expert in their
field". With a public looking on nationally | doubt if even Dan
Rather would have guts enough. I believe what my friend John
Lear said about media conditioning is true. When Current Affairs
came to cover the story they had Mr. C.R. walk toward the camera
twelve times trying to get him to say "flying saucers". Anymore
when you say that people immediately hang a sign on you and the
media types know it. Mr. C.R. is a very level headed guy, he
knows his crops and farming well, he's in the field everyday and
had an awful lot to share. The media types really blew it when
they talked to C.R. and his family the way they did. When the
story came out that it was a rash of "Sorghum Weavels" that ate
his crop I really had to laugh at that one. They must've been the
size of a horse to consume the amount of crop loss.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1660, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
We took panorama shots of the irradiated lines in CR's field. C.R.
made a remarkable statement which caught us all off guard, he
said: " Oh yeah, these were what my father used to call "hover
burns" when he saw them for the first time back in the fifties.
We even have a picture of more circles from the air taken by the
Department of Interior in 1962 which shows this same hill with
circular impressions. Way back then people around these parts
used to call them "fairy rings" cause you'd see so many. Noone
ever wanted to make a report out for fear of the government
coming in and driving you off your land. You can see where they
just kinda hovered along the southwest edge of the creek bed
then skipped up the hill and landed where you see the burns."
We've returned to C.R.'s farm three times and have collected
dozens of pictures the latest of which were taken in April of
1992. The ground where the nine circles appeared now has nine
circular cracks each three foot deep and three inches wide
marking the perimeter of at each location. Nothing will grow
within the circles. Lights in the night sky continue to be seen by
local residents, reports taken by the local sheriff and
correspondence is ongoing with C.R. myself and "Dr. K". This
summer plans are underway for an extended site visit with
cameras to record the current activity in the area. Our efforts
and those of Mr. C.R. and friends seeking the truth about the UFO
situation has gained attention of the Senate House Committee
on Science Space and Technology much to the dismay of some
NASA people. We're not involved in this to cause trouble but to
resolve what will obviously not go away.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1654, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
In one day we spoke with six other farmers from surrounding
townships, a sheriff, a WW Il bomber pilot, examined two other
sites and listened to personal testimony of a dozen
eyewitnesses to other various events. The area has had this
type of activity for over forty years. Much evidence has been
collected by local residents which proves something of unknown
origin has been setting down on a regular basis within a
particular county. When you are honest in your investigative
research people will recognize sincerity more readily and begin
to share what has been some of the most extraordinary events in
their lives. The stories coming from this one county in Southern
lowa some might say is the stuff of "space folklore" and wax
vainly contrived truths about UFO's. Over the long haul they will
come up short on knowing the real facts gathered in the field.
Those of you who would read this article will have the facts
that will lend strength and human grace to survive whatever may
come to pass •
To those who would assault all UFO truths coming from honest
citizens of our country I give you this warning; Someday, within
our lifetime, any debunker, politician in the know or anyone else
who has kept knowledge of such matters locked behind closed
doors will eventually have to reckon with the American peopie.
Knowledge that should've been the property of every American
has corrupted a greater good for humankind. I hope and pray I'm
counted among those who helped pour the first white hot light of
truth into the dark chambers of deception and on unholy
"UnFunded Opportunities". People are being abducted and the
government knows UFO's exist.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 1128, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
Property is being damaged, cattle destroyed, children are being
taken from their mothers womb for the sake of alien research
and experimentation. The "Deal" struck between a government or
military leaders without the knowledge of duly elected
representatives of the people was not only illegal but a
treasonable offense. I don't care if you are with the
C.l.A.,F.B.I.,N.S.A., O.S.I.,NASA or a General whose earned a Medal
of Honor, the American people will eventually hold you
accountable. As a former Navy man, an American citizen and a
Nebraska Educator I take pride in teaching the truths of history.
I take exception with anyone who'd corrupt human history by
acts which exhibit extremely deceptive malice toward the
greater good of humankind everywhere. The truth must be told
by those responsible, only then will solutions be possible.
Harry A. Jordan MFA, BFA
Assistant State Director ~Nebraska MUFON 1986~1998
Director~Mars Project in Omaha ~ 1985~2000
Operations Intelligence Division ~
Uss FDR CVA -42 ~ Oct. 1962-Dec 1965 & USS Laffey ~ 1961,
Honorably Discharged
USS Loeser DE 680~ July 18, 1967 ~ Washington D.C.
