{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:23:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 299754, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123014-roswell-recovered-vehicle-witness-10748.pdf", "source_sha256": "657d21142cee331cc01e5d287c12441233fc3763e3434748ba72c26bb9745c18"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2131, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is an admission to the fact of US Government involvement with the
study of extraterrestrial craft since 1947. In 1953 the Central
Intelligence Agency's Robertson Panel convened to discuss the
implications of unidentified flying objects (UFO) on National Security
in the United States. The panel discussed this aspect but the larger
implication is that the Robertson Panel was tasked with covering up
and hiding evidence of a recovered extraterrestrial craft on Earth.
The craft recovered from Roswell was concealed with a well-placed
cover story which lasted until the late 1970s. At which time the
Agency felt that independent researchers were about to uncover the
truth about a crashed alien vehicle in the desert outside Roswell, NM.
An effort was made to convolute the story and discredit independent
researchers through acts of misdirection, seeding of false
information, pyscho-social manipulation and harnessing the media.
The Roswell crash vehicle (RCV) along with biological remains were
retrieved and first flown to Fort Worth AAF (Carswell AFB) in Fort
Worth, TX. The craft was flown to Wright Field (Wright-Patterson AFB)
in Dayton, OH where it was studied by engineers and technicians from
the U.S. Air Force Air Material Command T-2 Intelligence and the CIA
Office of Scientific Intelligence aka. "The Wizards of Langley". The
"wizards" refers to CIA employees with direct knowledge of the CIA UFO
program. The biological remains of unknown origin and clearly "not of
this Earth" (NOTE) were flown from Carswell to the Aviation Medical
School at Brooks Field, TX.
The overall project name for the study of extraterrestrial encounters
was CONJURE. The study of alien craft and various fragments was
codenamed SORCERER and the study of the biological remains was
codenamed OCCULT. This has all changed and the most recent project
names are MERIDIAN for ET craft, ICON for biological samples and the
umbrella project was until recently known as CORNERSTONE. There are
many subprojects under CORNERSTONE, my project was facilities
management called OVERCOAT. CORNERSTONE is a joint CIA / Defense
Department program.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2428, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A permanent and more secure location was sought for both the craft and
the biological remains and the task was undertaken by Dr. Thornton
Page head of the CIA's UFO program 1952-1976. The location was found
in the coastal region of Eastern Virginia area outside of the tourist
destination known as colonial Williamsburg. Camp Peary is a secret CIA
base where operatives learn intelligence tradecraft. Officially known
as the Armed Forces Experimental Training Activity (AFETA) run by the
Department of Defense this is a cover for a CIA training school which
is a cover for the extraterrestrial visitation study program conducted
by the CIA and is not accountable to any federal agency. The head of
this group known popularly as "MJ-12" (incorrect) is the Under
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics a fictitious
position at the Pentagon which deals solely with extraterrestrial alien
reconnaissance, surveillance and infiltration. Infiltration is defense terminology for
"visitation"
The facility at "The Farm" (Camp Peary) was a six story structure
with another four stories underground. The facility included space for
these various functions: vehicle recovery and storage unit with
laboratory; cryogenic storage facility for biological samples with
laboratory; fragments identification and storage from various global
sites; quarters for personnel on continual alert to respond to
reported crash sites globally within 6 hours (Detachment 2 of 8 global
detachments), helicopter hangar and tarmac; motor pool; agency
management bureau; onsite clinic; decontamination and isolation
facility; crisis management center; deep underground shelter; CIA
Spectrum Management Office Det. 2; Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)
intercept detachment (with feed from offsite location at Northwest,
Va); passive exploitation activity; Marine Corp Special Operations
unit (facilities security); offices for personnel of the psychological
warfare division recruited from Special Forces psychological warfare
school at Fort Bragg; media relations, historical research and
archives specialists. Many of the military personnel had been fed a
false cover story that the extraterrestrial investigation activity is
in fact a counter-terrorism unit. Of the 427 people involved in the
program at Camp Peary only 54 knew the truth about the facility as it
was highly compartmentalized. Various American government agencies are used

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1375, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
as cover for operations at Camp Peary.
The facility at Camp Peary was known as the Defense Exotic Technology
Activity (DETA) and it was shut down July 27, 2009 when Dr. Steven
Greer leaked the location and function of the facility in an interview
(July 26, 2009) with a UFO studies organization called Project
Camelot. It was unknown how Dr. Greer came about this information but
this leak was enough to put the entire agency into crisis mode. The
alien craft, fragments and biological specimens were immediately
transported to an alternate site and within one week the demolition of
the building, grounds and underground components had begun on the
facility at Camp Peary. All relevant research material that was
transportable was shipped to an unknown facility somewhere within a
200 mile radius of Washington D.C. Those of us involved in the
dismantling process speculated that this new site is Mount Weather but
there is no confirmation. Dr. Greer was never read in on the facility
and its function and to CIA's consternation it is not known how he
acquired this information, at times various personalities in the UFO
research community are used in false flag media operations but only
two of these people are "self-aware" or have any idea that they are
being used in such a capacity and Dr. Greer is not one of them.
Media control in this situation has been successful.
