{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T15:17:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 73, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 43202948, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304164398842184, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123000-dr-jack-kasher-nasa-star-wars.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540934250000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/123000-dr-jack-kasher-nasa-star-wars.pdf", "source_sha256": "25d20372bcd1838a0939ab0803fa22895681a065dcf63d84215e9e43fc628747"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1436, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vita of Dr. Jack Kasher
Dr. Jack Kasher is professor of physics and astronomy at the University of
Nebraska at Omaha, where he was a Peter Kiewit Distinguished Professor from
1981-87. He also received the Excellence in Teaching Award in 1985 and the
Burlington Northern Foundation Faculty Achievement Award in 1986. From 1975-
1992 he was a consultant and summer employee at Lawrence Livermore National
Laboratory in Livermore, California, where he specialized in electromagnetic theory
and, among other things, did work on the Star Wars defense system. He spent the
summer of 1991 working at NASA's Marshall Spaceflight Center in Huntsville,
Alabama, and has continued his research with NASA since that time, studying the
surface of the sun. He has published 38 articles and reports in various jourals,
including The Physical Review and The American Journal of Physics, and has
delivered or co-delivered seven papers at national meetings.
Dr. Kasher is a consultant, Nebraska state director, and central states regional
director for the Mutual UFO Network, an international organization dedicated to the
scientific study of UFOs, and is past president of Paranormal Claims Research, a
now-disbanded statewide organization dedicated to the scientific study of
paranormal phenomena. He has spoken more than two hundred times on UFOs
during the past ten years, including appearances on local, regional, and national radio
and television.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1340, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ISSN: 0730-5748 ;
JOURNAL OF UFO
STUDIES
New Series, Vol. 6
1995/1996
CONTENTS
ARTICLES
Editorial
Stuart Appelle
Psychotherapy for the UFO Abduction Experience
. David A. Gotlib
The Abduction Experience: A Critical Evaluation of Theory and Evidence*
.... Stuart Appelle
29
Anomalous Images on Videotape from Space Shuttle Flight STS-48:
Examination of the Ice-Particle Explanation..
Jack Kasher
80
"The University of Colorado UFO Project: The "Scientific
Study of UFOsi...
A Reference Guide for the Condon Report
Michael D.. Swords
*149
'Willy* Smith". 185
#Donald E. Keyhoe and the Pentagon: The Rise of Interest in the
UFO Phenomenon and What the Government
Really Knew
Michael D. Swords
" 195
ewer Sighings in the National Press: A Content Analysis of
UFO News Coverage in The New York Times, 1947-1995
John C. Hickman, E. Dale McConkey II, and Matthew A
. Barrett
: 213
COMMENTS AND RESPONSES
Robert R. Young, John S. Carpenter
BOOK REVIEWS
Alien Discussions, ed. by Andrea Pritchard, et al., and
Close Encounters of the Fourth Kind, by C. D. B. Bryan
Encounter at Buff Ledge, by Walter N. Webb.
•Thomas E. Bullard 231
Richard F. Haines
:248
The Gods Have Landed, ed. by James R. Lewis
M Watch the Skies!, by Curtis Peebles..
•Charles F. Emmons 251
... Mark Rodeghieri
฿254
THE J. ALLEN HYNEK CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES
Chicago, Illinois

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 940, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL OF UFO
STUDIES
EDITOR
• Stuart Appelle, Ph.D. i
•State University of New York College at Brockport
* ASSOCIATE EDITOR
Mark Rodeghier, Ph.D
University of Minois at Chicago
MANAGING EDIȚOR
"George' M. Eberhart
CONSULTING EDITORS
Thomas E. Bullard, Ph.D
Indiana University
* David 'A. Gotlib, M.D
Johns Hopkins Hospita.
Richard F. Haines, Ph.D
NASA Ames Research Center
David M. Jacobs, Ph.D
Temple University
Michael Persinger, Ph.D.
Laurentian University:
• i David E. Pritchard, Ph.D.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
'Frank Salisbury, Ph.D.
*Utah State University
Michael D. Swords, Ph.D
Western Michigan University
Vof UrO Studies (ISSN: 0730-5748) is published by the J. Allen Hynek Center for
The cost for Volume 6 is $21.00. Volumes 1 and 2 are $15.00 each, and Volumes
O cach. Purchasers outside the United States add $3.00 per volume for mailing
Issues should be sent to CUFOS, 2457 W. Peterson A veạ Chicago; IL. 60659

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2673, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE J. ALLEN HYNEK
CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES
2457 W. Peterson Avenue, Chicago, IL 60659, U.S.A
(312) 271-3611
http://www.cufos.org/
* Mark Rodeghier
John Timmerman
George M. Eberhart
Jerome Clark
David Boras
Frank J. Reid
Jennifer Henderson
Scientific Director:
a Treasurer:
•Director of Publications:
Editor, International UFO Reporter:
Assistant to the Director:
Historical Consultant:
Office Manager:
The Center for UFO Studies is an i
tional group of scientists, academics, investigators
and volunteers dedicated to the continuing examination and analysis of the UFO phenomenon
The purpose of CuFOs is to be a clearinghouse for the two-way exchange of information-
where UFO experiences can be reported, and where UFO experiences can be researched
CUFOS maintains one of the world's largest repositories of data about the UFO phenomenon
The material, is available for study, research or examination by any qualified individual or
organization. CUFOS currently has more than 50,000 cases of UFO sightings and experiences
on file, and a library of more than 5,000 books and magazine volumes on all aspects of the UFO
phenomenon
The mission of the Center for UFO Studies is to promote science and scholarship in
Tology
through the scientific collection, study, evaluation, and dissemination of information about the UFO
phenomenon.
CUFOS promotes a general public understanding of the UFO phenomerion through various
activities and projects The International UFO Reporter, published quarterly, reports on current
news and sightings and includes articles on UFO topics. The Journal of UFO Studies presents
scholarly papers on ufological matters. CUFOS also publishes monographs and special reports
, of interest to the field.
The Center was founded in 1973 by Dr. J. Allen Hynek (1910-1986), who became Involved
with UFOs as scientific consultant to the U.S. Air Force from 1948 to 1968. He was the first
speaker to present testimony at the 1968 hearing on UFOs held by the House Committee on
Science and Astronautics and later appeared before the United Nations to support the proposed
establishment of an agency to conduct and coordinate researca into UFOS and related
"phenomena. In the early 1970s, Hynek coned the phrase "close encounters of the third kind,
'and acted as technical adviser to director Steven Spielberg on the movie of the same name
He was scientific director of CUFOS until his death.
CUFOS is a non-profit organization supported solely by contributions. All contributions
are tax-deductible and enable CUFOS to continue its work. A $25.00 contribution entities you
to become an associate of CUFOS and receive the International UFO Reporter for one year

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3041, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Journal of UFO Studies, n.s. 6, 1995/96, 80-148
© 1996 J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies
ANOMALOUS IMAGES ON VIDEOTAPE
FROM SPACE SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48:
EXAMINATION OF THE
ICE-PARTICLE EXPLANATION
JACK KASHER
Department of Physics, University of Nebraska at Omaha, Omaha, NE 68182, U.S.A.
ABSTRACT: On September 15, 1991, one of Space Shuttle Discovery's TV cameras cap.
tured several anomalous, glowing objects that floated along and then sharply changed di-
rection, apparently in response to a flash in the lower left portion of the picture. The x and
y coordinates of several of the objects have been obtained, frame by frame in ⅓o-second
intervals, from a 640 by 480 grid imposed on a videotape of the events. Numerical deriva-
tives were taken for two of the objects, yielding their velocity curves. The data have been
analyzed to determine whether the objects' motions are consistent with ice particles accel-
erated by the exhaust from one of the Shuttle's vernier attitude-adjustor rockets. The analy-
sis leads to five separate proofs that the objects were not ice particles, and therefore were
objects out in space away from the Shuttle.
The first proof follows from the position-time curve for the main object, which shows
that it stops for about half a second before it begins accelerating, whereas an ice particle in
a rocket exhaust would continually change speed without stopping. The second proof fol-
lows from tracing the trajectories of the main object and the second one below it back from
the directions in which they accelerate. The trajectories diverge, whereas they should meet
at the location of the vernier rocket. The third proof follows from the comparison of the
velocity of the main object after it has accelerated with its expected velocity after being in
the exhaust plume for at least 1.7 seconds. From the data the velocity was 5.5 ft/sec, whereas
the expected value is more than 8000 ft/sec. A shorter method for finding the velocity leads
to the fourth proof, which yields about 54 ft/sec instead of the 8000 ft/sec. The fifth proof
follows from putting the "ice particle" out where it would need to be to have the correct
velocity, which is a distance of more than 8 miles from the Shuttle.
Other facts are troublesome for the ice-particle theory. The second object starts to ac-
celerate half a second later than the main object, putting it more than 4000 feet farther from
the Shuttle than the first object, if they are ice particles, and an object on the right of the
screen accelerates horizontally first, then 0.4 seconds later accelerates vertically. Finally,
an ice particle that moves in agreement with the experimental data would have a radius of
3.9 × 10 meters-smaller than the cells in most living organisms.
In light of these analyses, alternative explanations such as meteors, satellites, space
junk, and spacecraft are discussed.
On September 15, 1991, between 20:30 and 20:45 Greenwich Mean Time, as
Space Shuttle Discovery was passing near the western coast of Australia, the TV
80

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3431, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
81
camera located at the back of the cargo bay was trained on the Earth's horizon while
the astronauts were occupied with other tasks. A glowing object suddenly appeared
just below the horizon and slowly moved from right to left and slightly upward in
the picture. Several other glowing objects had been visible before this, and had been
moving in various directions. Then a flash of light occurred at what seemed to be the
lower left of the screen; and the main object, along with the others, changed direc-
tion and accelerated away sharply, as if in response to the flash. Shortly thereafter a
streak of light moved through the region vacated by the main flash, and then another
streak moved through the right of the screen, where two of the other objects had
been. Roughly 65 seconds after the main flash, the TV camera rotated down, show-
ing a fuzzy picture of the side of the cargo bay. It then narrowed its aperture, turned
toward the front of the cargo bay, and stopped broadcasting.
Donald Ratsch, a UFO researcher in Maryland, happened to be taping the se-
quence on NASA Select, a national cable TV channel that broadcasts NASA activi-
ties. He thought the sequence quite unusual, and wrote to his legislator, Rep. Helen
Bentley/requesting that she look into what the glowing objects might have been. In
addition, he contacted Vincent DiPietro, a NASA engineer at Goddard Space Flight
Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, who also found the videotape interesting enough to
write to his legislator, Rep. Beverly Byron,
asking her to research what the objects
might have been.
Byron sent the tape to Rep. George E. Browne, Jr., chair of the House Committee
on Science, Space, and Technology, who showed it to several members of his staff.
They concluded that the glowing objects were probably ice particles that had been
ejected by the Shuttle, and that their sudden change in direction was caused by a
blast from the Shuttle's attitude-adjustor rockets (these change the orientation, or
pitch angle, of the Shuttle as it floats in orbit around the Earth). This would also
explain the flash in the lower left part of the picture. Rep. Bentley sent the tape to
Martin P. Kress, an assistant administrator for legislative affairs at NASA. He showed
it to four NASA scientists, who concurred that the objects were probably ice par-
ticles accelerated by the adjustor rockets. To the best of my knowledge, the indi-
viduals who suspected ice particles merely watched the videotape, and did no fur-
ther scientific analysis. Also, it appears from the wording of the letters that these
individuals did not comment specifically about the two streaks that went through
the picture several seconds after the glowing objects accelerated. It is possible that
they meant to include the streaks with the other objects when they spoke of ice
particles. Copies of the replies from Congressman Brown and Mr. Kress are in-
cluded in Appendix L.
The film has attracted a great deal of attention, and was discussed on national
television on Hard Copy, Larry King Live, Sightings, and Encounters. The incident
also appeared in several UFO magazines, was treated in the fine videotape by Rich-
ard Hoagland, and was discussed widely among UFO enthusiasts. The reason that
interest was so high, of course, is the possibility that the accelerating objects were
spacecraft maneuvering out in space away from the Shuttle.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1855, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
82
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Air Glow
Fast
Slow
First Streak
-Second Streak
X = when flash occurs
Fig. 1. Trajectories traced by placing a transparency over a 13-inch television set.
The analysis on the television shows, and the articles in the UFO journals, were
very qualitative, and therefore somewhat speculative. Mark Carlotto (1995) has
written a rigorous scientific analysis of these events that was published in the spring
1995 issue of the Journal of Scientific Explortion, followed by a referee's report
(Wieder, 1995b), and Carlotto's response to the referee. A further exchange between
the two appears in the summer 1995 issue of the same journal (Wieder, 1995c).
Wieder (1995a) has also sent me a copy of the actual telemetry of the vernier rocket
firings several minutes before and after the events. It turns out that two of the verni-
ers did fire just before the main object accelerated. I will comment more explicitly
about the telemetry and its implications in Section 5, and will discuss Carlotto's
paper and his exchange with Wieder in Section 6.
My analysis is a study of the actual motions of the objects as observed on the
videotape, and the inconsistency of their behavior with what would be expected of
ice particles. As such, it does not depend on whether the vernier rockets actually
fired or not. (As a matter of fact, if no verniers fired during this time period my
analysis would be unnecessary-it would not be possible for the objects to be ice
particles accelerated by the vernier adjustor rockets.) I traced the trajectories of
several of the glowing objects, as well as those of the two streaks, by placing a
transparency over a 13-inch television set. The results are displayed in Figure 1.
The air glow is a region above the Earth's surface that ends at an elevation of about
sixty miles.
bet
the
flig
lin
as
to
mc
ant
wa

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3098, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
83
My analysis has led to five separate proofs that the main object could not have
been an ice particle near the Shuttle. For those with sufficient background, most of
the scientific derivations and mathematical details underlying these proofs can be
found in the appendices. For the less technical reader, the main text can be fol-
lowed without attending to the appendices.
There were four other interesting events that occurred during the same shuttle
flight. I did not analyze them, either because the objects moved only in straight
lines, or because those that accelerated did so too slowly. During one of the events,
as an object moved from left to right on the screen, NASA's cameraman zoomed in
to get a closer look, then expanded the field of view as the object was about to
move out of the picture on the right side. Then a streak came up from the bottom
and appeared to narrowly miss the object. From the actions of the cameraman it
was quite clear that he was very interested in the object.
1. EQUIPMENT AND METHODOLOGY
The University of Wisconsin supports a microbiology laboratory in Milwaukee
near Lake Michigan. The laboratory, headed by Dr. Rudy Strickler, has research
equipment that includes computer software designed to track small living crea-
tures that have been filmed in Lake Michigan. The software uses a 640 by 480
pixel grid that is placed over the picture, and the x and y coordinates of the crea-
tures are obtained, frame by frame in ⅓0 of a second intervals, as they swim through
the water. The equipment and software are ideally suited to track the glowing ob-
jects in the Shuttle videotape. Thanks to a grant from the Fund for UFO Research I
was able to hire two students who work for Dr. Strickler, Guy Hussussian and John
Reimer, to track several of the objects. As a result, I ended up with 30 x-y position
coordinates per second for the objects over multiple-second ranges around the main
flash, and position coordinates at one-second intervals for several seconds before
the finer data. I was then able to graph the data, take numerical derivatives, and
calculate nonlinear least-squares curve fits to obtain the desired results. My meth-
odology is described more thoroughly in the appendices of this report, and to some
extent in the main sections as well.
Normal VHS videotapes have a nominal horizontal resolution of about 240 lines,
so if the objects were points on the screen we would be limited to this level. How-
ever, they all had definite shapes that extended well beyond the resolution of the
videotape. Thus the main object, for example, could be tracked by noting its oval
shape and estimating which pixel in the 640 by 480 grid was nearest to its geomet-
ric center. The same spot could then be estimated and noted frame by frame, lead-
ing to data that is considerably finer than the 240-line horizontal limit of the video-
tape.
The computer software, used on a Commodore Amiga 2000, was the VidiTrack
System, version 1.0, developed by Hugh C. Crenshaw (1992). The following para-
graph describes the process:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2759, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
The VidiTrack System was designed to provide the accuracy of
videodigitization without sacrificing economy, flexibility, ease of use,
or quality of the video image. The VidiTrack System is used for the
precise measurement of the screen coordinates of objects on video
images. The hardware provided with the Vidi Track System allows
you to superimpose the computer's graphics onto an incoming video
signal. To accomplish this, an incoming video signal is encoded into
analog video, the computer's graphics are generated in analog, and
the two signals are combined and displayed on the computer monitor
of the Amiga. By displaying the combined image in analog video,
both the original video image and the computer's graphics remain
clear and sharp. Consequently, the original video image can be ana-
lyzed with single pixel accuracy on a screen with 640 × 480 resolu-
tion. [Crenshaw, 1992: 1-2]
Crenshaw (1995) also sent me the following comments concerning the resolu-
tion possible from a conventional videotape:
The resolution of measurements made from video images, or, more
frequently, recorded video images, is a common point of confusion.
This confusion arises from misinterpretation of the definition of the
term "resolution" for the video signal. The horizontal resolution of a
typical VHS-recorded image is stated, by convention, as 240 TV lines.
More specifically, this means that 120 vertical black-white line pairs
can be resolved over the central three-fourths of the active image area.
Thus, over the entire image area, the horizontal resolution is 240 / 0.75
= 320 TV lines. The vertical resolution is determined by the number of
active scan lines in the video frame. For NTSC video, this is typically
486 lines. Multiplied by the Kell factor (~0.7), the vertical resolution is
given as 320 lines, or 160 line pairs. For a single field of NTSC video,
there are half as many scan lines, thus vertical resolution of a single
field is 160 lines (80 line pairs). Therefore, when attempting to resolve
alternating black and white lines in a single field, the resolution of
VHS-recorded video is about 320H by 160V.
This resolution is valid, however, only when measuring alternating
black and white lines, and only when black corresponds to full black
in the video signal (~0.05V) and white corresponds to full white
(0.714V) (also assuming the equipment is performing optimally)
The resolution of video can be something very different for other
types of images. For example, with a small white spot moving verti-
cally on a black background, the motion can be resolved for every
scan line (at worst), so the vertical resolution equals the number of
active scan lines (243) rather than the vertical resolution for alternat-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2812, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
85
ing black and white lines (160, as stated above). Additionally, the ver-
tical resolution can be increased when the object is small (~/ooth the
width of the screen and crossing 2-10 scan lines). In this case, the
object will span different distances along each scan line, and the cen-
troid of the object will be seen by the viewer as lying between scan
lines. Changes in the distance spanned along each scan line can then
be accurately interpreted as changes in the position of the centroid to
a resolution of at least 0.5 scan lines, doubling the vertical resolution
to 480.
The same is true for horizontal resolution. The motion of a small
object horizontally along one scan line can be resolved at a resolution
far in excess of the conventionally stated resolution of 320 TV lines.
The VidiTrack System has been used to track such objects in sev-
eral laboratories. Even when used by untrained users, repeatability of
measurements is very high. With a digitizing resolution of 640H by
480V, the maximum error is less than plus/minus 3 pixels (depending
on the user). The average error typically is plus/minus 0.1 pixels. In
fact, data has been of sufficient accuracy to obtain useful measures of
the third time derivative of motions that oscillate over about 80 pixels.
2. PROOFS THAT MAIN OBJECT WAS NOT AN ICE PARTICLE
(a) First Proof
Figure 2a shows the horizontal position of the main object as a function of time. In
Figure 2b we see a portion of the data on much smaller vertical and horizontal scales.
This is the raw data, extracted frame by frame from the videotape taken by the Shuttle.
The numbers along the vertical axis are the pixel locations of the main object, in-
creasing from left to right on the videotape. Thus the line will extend down and to
the right as the object moves to the left, and up and to the right as the object moves
back to the right.
Notice that the line stays even at 233 pixels from about one second to 1.5 sec-
onds. This means that the object stops and sits there during this period. We would
not expect an ice particle accelerated by an attitude-adjustor rocket to do this. The
rocket exhaust would exert a continuous force on the ice particle, causing it to slow
down, stop only at an exact instant of time (for example, at 1.2 seconds exactly),
then immediately start back to the right. It is difficult to conceive of a mechanism
by which a rocket exhaust could stop an ice particle and allow it to sit at its loca-
tion for about half a second, then accelerate back to the right.
To test whether the pause actually stands out beyond the noise in the data, I
averaged each point of the data twice over five pixels. The first was a weighted
average using the formula
X = (-0.086xn-2 + 0.343xp-1 + 0.486x, + 0.343xn+1 - 0.086x,+2)
5

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 406, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
86 JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES

280

280

Horizontal Position, Main Object, Raw Data
&
o

240

220

Time, Seconds
Fig, 2a. Horizontal position, main object, raw data.

241 ai
T
. 240 rc
< rc
; 239 SI
ic b.
B 238 b
5 it
c= 237
=
§ 236 a
E F
a 995 I
Z 5c
234
= ol
as sc
233 at
232 f
0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 12 1.4 1.6 1.8 2.0 ‘
al
Time, Seconds gi

Fig, 2b. Horizontal position, main object, raw data, smaller scale. ac

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 1938, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
87
242
Horizontal Position of Main Object, Smoothed
Actual Curve from Data
236
234
232
230
228
Expected Ice Particle Curve
0.0
02
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2.0
Time, Seconds
Fig. 2c. Horizontal position of the main object, smoothed, one pixel thick.
and the second average was just a straight one using the five pixels noted above.
Thus each data point was a double average of the five pixels including and sur-
rounding it. I then smeared out the resulting curve to a width of one pixel. The
results are shown in Figure 2c. Note that the three distinct types of behavior are
still clearly there. The object drifts to the left, then pauses, then sharply accelerates
back to the right. The double averaging would tend to smooth out the boundaries
between the three types, so that the pause only seems to last about 0.4 seconds. But
it is still there.
I extrapolated the curve to show the behavior expected if the main object were an
ice particle by calculating the pixel change in 0.4-second intervals around the pause.
From 0.3 seconds to 0.7 seconds the curve drops about 2.7 pixels, and from 0.7 to
1.1 seconds about 2.6 pixels. It then rises about 0.4 pixels from 1.1 to about 1.5
seconds, and rises sharply from 1.5 to 1.9 seconds, jumping up 6 pixels. If the
object did not pause, the curve would have dropped about 2.6 pixels from 1.1 to 1.5
seconds, then started its sharp acceleration. The two curves are clearly distinguish-
able, and are not lost in the noise of the data.
The objection could be raised that the "stopping" is actually a viewing-angle ef-
fect, like when we stand at the edge of a highway and watch a car as it passes by us
and drives off into the distance. The further away it gets, the slower it seems to be
going. This objection doesn't hold up, for two reasons. First, the object would never
actually appear to stop-it would only continue to appear to be going slower and

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 1843, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
88
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Necessary
Location
Fig. 3. Necessary location of the main object if its pause was a viewing-angle effect.
slower. Second (and more significant), the location where the main object would
appear to stop due to a viewing-angle effect is about 280 pixels farther to the left
than the actual location of the object. This is four-and-a-half times farther to the left
of center than where the object actually was, and is actually off the TV screen (the
details of the proof are given in Appendix F). The actual location of the main object
at the time of the flash and the spot where it would appear to stop due to a viewing-
angle effect are shown in Figure 3. Clearly, the object actually stops.
Another interesting bit of information, and possibly another proof that the object
is not an ice particle, is the following. In Appendix E, I show that the velocity com-
ponents of the main object before the flash, in the Shuttle's frame of reference and in
pixels per second, are Vx/ r1 = -9.1, vy/ r1 = 16.8 ‡ 1.2, and vz/ri =
25.1 ‡ 1.2, where r1 is the distance to the object as it passes through the horizontal
center of the screen. The ratio v½/ Vy allows us to draw the vector indicating the
direction the 'ice particle" was moving before the flash, and is shown in the rear
view of the Shuttle in Figure 4. The force that stops the object would have to be
directed toward the Shuttle from out in space. An attitude-adjustor rocket simply
cannot do this. In addition, the exhaust would then have to turn around and acceler-
ate the object back away from the Shuttle.
In my description of the events given above, I mentioned that there was a flash of
light in the lower left part of the screen. Actually, two separate flashes occurred-
a shorter pre-flash, and then the main flash. It is of interest to note when the two

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2016, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
89
Fig. 4. Direction that the alleged ice particle would be going before the flashes.
flashes occurred with respect to the flat line in Figures 2a and 2b. The pre-flash
started and finished just before the main object stopped, and the main flash began
at or just after this time. The pre-flash lasted 150 milliseconds, and the main flash
400 milliseconds.
The Shuttle has two kinds of attitude-adjustor rockets-regular strength for stron-
ger thrusts, and much tinier vernier rockets for very small changes in orientation.
The telemetry given in Appendix K indicates that two of the verniers, LSD and
RSD (see Appendix J, fired just before the main object began to accelerate-LSD
1.2 seconds before, and RSD 1.68 seconds before. They both stopped firing at very
nearly the time that the main object started moving. I show in Section 5 that the
exhaust from R5D, because of its location, could not have reached the main object
if it was an ice particle. (I also point out problems with the exhaust from LSD
getting there.)
Vernier rockets can either fire in consecutive 80-millisecond pulses, or continu-
ously for intervals from one to 125 seconds. In Figure 5 we see the brightness curve
for the 400 millisecond pulse, as supplied by Jeff Sainio, MUFON photoanalyst.
According to Sainio (1993)iồẠại
... assuming the gamma curve that produced this
curve is fairly flat... . I doubt that persistence distorted this curve muchiSainio
made an adjustment for persistence for the curve, as calculated by using lightning
previously shown in the videotape. This indicates that the curve is a true representa-
tion of the actual brightness of the flash. The pre-flash started about one-third of the
way through the LSD firing (and lasted about one-eighth of the firing), and the flash
occurred during the last third of the firing.
These considerations about the flashes and the LSD firing lead to a corollary to
this proof, and perhaps a separate proof on its own (call it proof la). I show in

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 463, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
90
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Relative Brightnecs
100
90
•
10
12
Number of Frames
Fig. 5. Brightness curve for the main pulse. Twelve frames equals 400 milliseconds.
420
400
380
Horizontal Position, Main Object, Raw Data
L5D vemier firing-curve
should tum back up here
340
320
300
pre-flash
flash
240
220
Time, Seconds
Fig. 6. Horizontal position, main object, raw data, with flash, pre-flash,
and LSD vernier firing.
Ар
ver
tha
WC
the
int
the
the
sec
po:
as
ver
раз

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3200, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
91
Appendix I that if the main object was an ice particle it was about 65 feet from the
vernier rocket that would have done the accelerating. I also show in the third proof
that the exhaust velocity of the vernier along the line leading to the main object
would have been about 8800 ft/sec. This means that the exhaust would have reached
the main object, and the main object would have had to start accelerating, in a time
interval of 65/8800 seconds, or less than 0.008 seconds. If the exhaust reflected off
the wing before it got to the main object, the distance would be about 85 feet, and
the time less than 0.01 seconds. The object actually started accelerating nearly 1.2
seconds later, or more than 120 times longer than the 0.01 seconds. It is simply not
possible for an ice particle to behave in this fashion. The pre-flash and main flash,
as well as the beginning of the vernier firing from LSD, are shown in Figure 6 (the
vernier firing ends when the flash does). In terms of this figure, the curve for an ice
particle would have to start turning upward at the line that defines the start of the
vernier firing, instead of where it actually does go up.
Another approach to the same idea is this. If the exhaust took 1.2 seconds to
reach the "ice particle," then the particle must be about 10,500 feet away (1.2
seconds times 8800 ft/sec.) It's hard to imagine that the particle could have drifted
that far away, much less that it would still be visible at that range. Yet another
aspect of this idea is given below in proof number five, where the numbers are even
more difficult to reconcile with the ice-particle explanation.
The problem is compounded when we look at Figure 11. Note that the second
object does not begin to accelerate horizontally until about half a second later than
the main object. So this "ice particle" would be about 4400 feet farther away from
the Shuttle than the main object-about 15,000 feet from the Shuttle in all. Can
this really be true for ice particles that are supposed to be on the order of dozens of
feet from the Shuttle?
(b) Second Proof
The second proof that the main object is not an ice particle also proves that the
object just below and to the left of it is not. The proof is based on the trajectories of
the two objects after the main flash, and is perhaps best illustrated with an analogy.
Suppose two dandelion seeds are floating motionless in the air near my mouth. If
I blow on them, they will each move away from my mouth along the lines that
connect my mouth to their original positions (see Figure 7). To locate my mouth,
one only needs to extend these two lines backwards, and my mouth will be at the
point where the two lines meet. Similarly, if two ice particles are at rest, and are
then blown by an attitude-adjustor rocket, we can locate the rocket by drawing lines
back along the trajectories of the two particles. If the rocket did the blowing, the
lines must meet, and they must meet at the location of the rocket. Recall that in
Appendix J, I prove that only one rocket, a vernier, could have accelerated the
objects. The two lines, when extended back, would meet at the location of this
rocket.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2378, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
92
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
first seed
location of
mouth
second seed
Fig. 7. Two dandelion seeds being blown by someone's mouth. Lines traced back along
their trajectories meet at the mouth.
We need to modify our analogy somewhat to fit the real situation. As I will show
shortly, the second object was at rest in the horizontal direction, but was floating up
vertically a tiny bit at the time of the flashes. This corresponds to the second dande-
lion seed having a slight upward motion when I blow on it. If we can subtract out
this upward motion, what is left has been provided by my mouth. So the line must be
drawn back in the direction of the final velocity with the original upward component
removed.
We now need to look at the velocities of the main and second objects before and
after the flashes. Notice that in the previous proof I only analyzed the horizontal
velocity component of the main object as seen in the videotape. This is all that is
necessary to prove the point, since a zero horizontal component means that both V.
and vy were zero for a full half second. An ice particle cannot stop and sit for half
a second in these two directions. We now need to establish that the third compo-
nent was also zero during this time span. This can be done by analyzing the vertical
position of the main object as a function of time. The curve is shown in Figure 8
over a longer time span, and in closeup in Figure.9. (Note that the data is somewhat
noisier for this curve. This is due to the fact that the main object did not move
upward in the picture very much.) The vertical position remains constant for nearly
the same length of time as the horizontal position does. Since v, and vy have al-
ready been shown to be zero, the equation for Vzo (see Appendix D),
Vo = -de / dt = (Vx/ r) cose coso - (vy/ r) cose sino + (vz/ r) sine, (DSb)
collapses into Vo = v½ sine = O. Since 0 is a nonzero constant, the only possibil-
ity is that v½ is also zero. In other words, the main object is completely at rest
during this time period.
We now need to establish that the second object is also at rest, or nearly so. In
our analysis we do not need to prove that each of the three velocity components was
zero. We only need to show that the horizontal and vertical velocities in the video-
tape were. The reason for this is that when an object is moving in a straight line with

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 841, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
r Le
A mt at
Pee * *
Pd
. ad oat
T =! oe
rr mel? “
1. *: wee
.
bl ‘.
ig .
“ “an P
7
a ne Py 0 ghee
7 “i ry. tg 7
ye Aine S ca a s
. ry 4s * a, >
en or ae
- 2 * 6 soit
oF a*f
= uo. te et a, Red
. * La o a - PA af tp :
7 . -
Re. p st, oa : Ya hey x EEO AS ae
rh. ene om - : ent & ah ” : a aie ig pa o ees hal
a ae 2 mata thie a itn eauntiiiene : sp ae Coo yet it. phe ai et Pesij ; > tie
f * " 1 all a bet ead pies
' n
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48 93 :
s 2
7
at
* : aa
400 &
=
af
cs
s

395

rr

Vertical Position, Maln Object

375

ee aie ‘i
A ees =

370

~ 6 he ee et
Re ag

Time, Seconds

Fig. 8. Vertical position, main object, raw data. r

et
BERNER ARRAY
CON
TAAL
TPE

1.8 2.4

aa Ao ep
*

ta

378

Se eeeiatewigpere atthe

378

374

Vertical Position, Main Object

372

Fig. 9. Vertical position, main object, raw data, smaller scale.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
= ara = ri = tl ed a TT he vt see gt ST a wlan tpt eee, tot we
rei, rgd rs ae me ae Seite ETAL Lk As Fe ate omg at ey afit9t Pd Paik ce Mayan t Aste * E

ee —+ +

94.

210

190

Horizontal Position, Second Object

180
170

160

Time, Seconds

Eee
Tite ie
PTT Tye yy fel

195

190

185

180

175

Horizontal Position, Second Object

170

165
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

Time, Seconds

Fig. 11. Horizontal position, second object, smaller scale.

it

“e P Pe yilta ee OS asi Le ,» spay tae:

~~, “ee -™ , * Proms Sere tae : 5 L-
- a ame “ ao Ry iniitt Cok
‘- bs gh bi By wah ae Se! 4 ‘: iF.
a . tk ee eh ered ret y
+
t.
cs
"a
ise
- x a
= *" a i +h. m Be
iad ratwert iy a "
. e a i one * < ij ~

einai Ny Sy PRR teh SPS, gat crc ee re

ee re ee ee ites beer bet Yt re  S 2 Ta T

teri See ie a 2s

—

a oe

Saas a tierra

!
i
\
{
|

a Ci

cor

of
Tr
ou

to:

iter

{MR

a)

+e

in
ti
b]

tic

li

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3168, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
95
a constant velocity, it will appear to an observer to be moving in a straight line, no
matter what the observer's viewing angle is. Thus when an object moving with a
constant velocity is filmed, the camera will see it trace out a straight line in the
picture it captures, and the object will also move in a straight line when it is seen on
the TV screen. So if we trace this line back on the flat screen, we will see where the
object came from; or, if it started from rest, we will see where the push that acceler-
The horizontal position of the second object is shown in Figure 10, with a closeup
in Figure 11. The flash and pre-flash are shown in the latter figure. The horizontal
position clearly did not change for several seconds before the flashes.
The vertical position probably does change slightly, though, as shown in Figure
12. If the object were an ice particle, the adjustor rocket would add to this (tiny)
vertical movement when it fired. The amount added, and hence the acceleration
provided, can be calculated from the difference in the slopes of the vertical posi-
tion curves before and after the flash. From the data these slopes were determined
to be 0.95 before the flash, and 3.61 after. This means that
100% × (3.61 - 0.95) / 3.61 = 74%
of the vertical motion after the flash would have been provided by the adjustor rocket.
Thus about one-fourth of the upward motion of the second particle needs to be taken
out before we trace its trajectory back to the rocket.
In Figure 13 we see the two lines we need to compare. The main object's trajec-
tory is simply extended straight back, since it was completely at rest. The adjustor
rocket must be somewhere on this line. The second object's added velocity is de-
termined by choosing a point on the trajectory after the flash. We then draw a right
triangle connecting the two points with horizontal and vertical legs. Since all of the
horizontal motion and three-fourths of the vertical motion would have been added
by the adjustor rocket, we draw a line from three-fourths of the way up the vertical
leg back through the position at the moment of the flash. The rocket must be lo-
cated somewhere on this line.
Obviously, the two lines diverge-
-there is no way that they will ever meet at one
point. If they were ice particles accelerated by the one possible vernier rocket, the
two lines must meet at one point. This proves that the two objects were not ice
particles accelerated by the vernier adjustor rocket.
We can extend our discussion to include the fast and slow objects on the far right
in Figure 13, although the case isn't as strong, since they were both moving at the
time of the main flash. If we assume that these two ice particles" were so strongly
blown by the adjustor rocket that their final trajectories coincide with the direc-
tions they were blown in, then we can draw lines straight back from their final
paths, and these lines must also meet at the location of the adjustor rocket. The
lines obviously diverge much more than the first two did; but our argument is
weaker because of our assumption about the strength of the rocket exhaust.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 367, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Vertical Position, Second Object
pre-flash and flash
270
260
250
15
20
25
Time, Seconds
Fig. 12. Vertical position, second object.
Air Glow
30
35
40
Fast
Slow
X = when flash occurs
Fig. 13. Lines along which the main and second objects would have to be accelerated by
the single attitude-adjustor rocket. The lines should meet, and they don't.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3224, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
97
(c) Third Proof
In Appendix I, we see that the actual terminal speed of the "ice particle" would
have been 5.5 ‡ 0.8 ft/sec, and that it would have been 77.5 = 5.3 feet from the
camera when it crossed the horizontal center of the screen. In Appendix B, I also
show that an ice particle would have to reach a terminal velocity equal to 98% of
the exhaust velocity of the vernier rocket for an exhaust pulse is 400 milliseconds.
I also show in Appendix B that for Wieder's (1995a,c) pulse length of 1.2 seconds
the particle would have to reach a terminal velocity equal to about 36% of the
vernier's exhaust velocity. It is important to emphasize that these percentages are
based on the length of time that the object actually accelerates, as calculated from
the data. Since it accelerates for at least 1.7 seconds, it must be in the vernier
exhaust for that length of time. If it stays in the exhaust for that long, it must reach
the 98% (for 400 milliseconds) or 36% (for 1.2 seconds), as shown in Appendix B.
The vernier velocity is about 8800 feet per second along the central axis of the
exhaust from LSD. Since vy and v, for the object are 3.0 + 0.5 and 4.1 = 0.6 feet per
second, respectively (see Appendix I), the object is at a 143.5° = 8.5° angle in the
y-z plane with respect to a line drawn straight down from the camera, which was in
the rear middle of the cargo bay. The 143.5° becomes about 152° when measured
from the location of LSD. I show in a more detailed analysis in Section 5 that there
would be practically nothing left of the plume at this angle, so that the only way
the plume from LSD could accelerate the main object would be after reflecting off
the Shuttle's left wing. I also show in Section 5 that at the angles involved the
speed of the exhaust would be 99.6% of the speed along the central axis. That is,
virtually the same as the 8800 feet per second there. So the ice particle should have
a terminal velocity of about 8600 ft/sec for a 400-millisecond pulse (0.98 × 8800 ft/
sec), and about 3200 ft/sec for the 1.2-second pulse from LSD (0.36 × 8800 ft/sec).
Quite obviously, the 5.5 ft/sec calculated above is orders of magnitude too small,
and so we must conclude for the third time that the object in the videotape could
not have been an ice particle near the Shuttle.
(d) Fourth Proof
The fourth proof is quite brief, and much simpler than the other three. It is also a
variation on the corollary given for the first proof. Recall that the main object was
at rest for about half a second during the period of the main flash, and then accel-
erated sharply back up to the right. Also, the time interval from the beginning of
the vernier firing (Wieder 1995a,c) until the main object began to accelerate was
about 1.2 seconds. Presumably this was the time the rocket exhaust was moving
through the vacuum up to the ice particle?" In Appendix I, we see that the object
would have been 63.9 + 4.3 feet from the vernier rocket-roughly 65 feet. If the
exhaust reflected off the left wing first, this distance would have been about 85
feet. Thus the speed of the rocket exhaust would have been approximately
Vexhaust = 65 feet / 1.2 seconds = 54 feet / second

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1739, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
98
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
for exhaust coming directly from LSD, and
Vexhaust = 85 feet / 1.2 seconds = 71 feet / second
for exhaust reflecting off the left wing. These are also orders of magnitude smaller
than the 8600 feet/second (400-millisecond pulse) and 3200 ft/sec (1.2-second pulse)
needed, and so we have the fourth proof that the main object could not have been an
ice particle.
(e) Fifth Proof
Another and perhaps better way to locate the alleged ice particle would be the
following. We already have seen in Appendix I that the object must be located
between the camera and the horizon along a line from the camera through the
object as seen on the screen. I have also shown above that the ice particle" would
have to reach a terminal velocity of about 3200 ft/sec if it was accelerated by the 1.2-
second pulse from LSD. We can calculate where the particle would have to be by
forming a simple ratio, using values computed in Appendix I:
(3200 ft/sec) / (5.5 ft/sec) = distance / 77.5 ft.,
where 77.5 feet is the distance to the object as it passes the horizontal center of the
picture. Thus the distance is 45,000 feet, or about 8.5 miles. The situation is illus-
trated in Figure 14. The view is from the top, and the Shuttle's nose is pointing
toward the top of the page. (The circle indicating the Shuttle is much too large. On
this scale the Shuttle would be a dot about 0.01 of an inch in diameter. Similarly,
even if the ice particle were as large as a foot in diameter, it would be a dot about
0.0001 inch wide.)
SHUTTLE
8.5 miles
ICE
PARTICLE
5.7 miles
REQUIRED LOCATION
OF EXHAUST
Fig. 14. Relative positions of Shuttle and ice particle if particle velocity
is 3200 feet/second. This is a view from above the Shuttle.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3242, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
99
Two problems with the ice-particle interpretation immediately surface. First, a
(large) particle one foot wide would subtend an angle of about 0.001 degrees. This is
more than an order of magnitude smaller than the limit of resolution of the human
eye-the particle would be a point source of reflected light. It is difficult for me to
accept the possibility that it would be visible at that distance. And how could the ice
particle have drifted that far from the Shuttle? Moreover, the main object is extended
and oval in shape, hardly a point source of light.
The second problem is much more serious. Recall that we know the direction the
particle moves after the flash. Thus we only need to trace back along this line to
locate the necessary position for the attitude-adjustor rocket to accelerate the par-
ticle in this direction. From the diagram it is clear that the rocket would have to be
located more than five miles below the Shuttle. This is clearly unacceptable, and is
yet another proof that the object was not an ice particle.
3. SOME CONSIDERATIONS ABOUT THE FASTER OBJECT
ON THE FAR RIGHT OF THE VIDEOTAPE
I also studied the faster object located on the far right side of the videotape. Since
it does not stop before or during the flash, its motion requires a more complicated
analysis than that used on the main object. In addition, it was moving more slowly
than the main object, and so the data are noisier. These two considerations make it
more difficult to calculate the expected terminal velocity of the object. But it is
enlightening nonetheless to consider one peculiarity about the fast object on the
right.
I took numerical derivatives of the data for both the horizontal and vertical posi-
tions, with the same intervals as for the main object. Since this object did not stop
during the flash, I used the same method from the beginning to the end of the data,
from the initial constant velocity through the acceleration period to the final con-
stant terminal velocity. (Once again, if we assume that the object was an ice par-
ticle, it must have had constant initial and final velocities.) This process would
smear out the acceleration period somewhat; but since the same method was used
for both the horizontal and vertical positions the calculated velocities can be com-
pared and analyzed. The horizontal and vertical velocity curves are shown in Fig-
ure 15, along with lines indicating the start and end of the main flash. The acceler-
ated parts of the curves show that the fast object behaved in a very strange fashion.
It actually began decelerating in the horizontal direction about four-tenths of a
second before it started accelerating upward. It is very difficult to understand how
an ice particle could do this. It is similar to what a person driving a car would do
when he makes a right-hand turn. The individual would first put on the brakes, slow-
ing down in the direction he is going, and then turn right. But an ice particle, unlike
the car, would have to respond immediately in both directions when it is hit by a
rocket exhaust. It simply cannot respond to part of the exhaust by slowing down in
one direction, then respond to the rest by accelerating upward.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1611, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
ocities, Fast Object
(Vertical velocity
Main Flash
Hortzon
Horizontal velocity
-10
-12
-14
6
8
10
12
14
Time, Seconds
Fig. 15. Horizontal and vertical velocities, fast object on the right.
16
18
The objection could be made that the disparity in the two accelerations could
possibly be caused by random oscillations or torques that could shift the camera,
leading to an apparent time differential for the accelerations. This does not work
for two reasons. First, if this were true, it would be evident in the motions of the
main and second objects analyzed earlier. There is nothing in the horizontal and
vertical data in Figures 2a, 8, 10, and 12, and the velocity curves for the main
object in Figures H2, H3, H7, and H8, that supports this objection. Second, the
horizontal acceleration of the fast object coincides with the horizontal acceleration
of the main object. This correlation certainly supports the interpretation that it is
real. The (later) vertical acceleration simply cannot be attributed to camera flutter-
the object does move up in the picture, so it obviously does accelerate vertically.
4. THE RADIUS OF AN ICE PARTICLE THAT MOVES IN
A MANNER CONSISTENT WITH THE DATA
Pearson (1990) calculated the dynamic pressure exerted by the main adjustor
rocket plume at distances up to 1000 feet from the rocket nozzle. This pressure is
about 0.005 1b/ft2 over an area that would include the main object. Since the forces
exerted by the vernier and main rockets are 24 and 870 pounds, respectively, one
would expect the vernier pressure to be (24/870) × 0.005 1b/ft2, or about

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2799, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
412
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
101
1.4 × 10-4 1b/ft?. An ice particle accelerated by this pressure up to 5.5 fu/sec at 65
feet would move less than three feet during a 1.2-second vernier pulse. Hence its
acceleration time would be very nearly just the 1.2 seconds. Its change in momen-
tum is given by FAt = PAAt = mAv, where P is the pressure, A is the cross-sec-
tional area, m is the mass, Ar is the time interval of the pulse, and Av is the change
in velocity which, for a particle starting at rest, is its final velocity.
For a spherical ice particle A = mr and m = 4pmr / 3, where p is the mass
density of the particle. The momentum equation thus reduces to r = 3PAt / 4pAv.
= 1.4 × 104 1b/ft? = 6.7 × 103 Newtons/meter?
At =
1.2 seconds
pr
= 0.917 × 103 kilograms/meter3
Av = 5.5 ft/sec = 1.68 meters/second
we find that, at 65 feet, the ice particle would have a radius of 3.9 × 10-6 meters.
This is smaller than the cells in most living organisms. Using the fact that 65 feet is
19.8 meters, we calculate the angular diameter of the ice particle to be 2 × (3.9 x
106 meters) × 180° / (19.8 meters) × n = 2.3 × 10-5 degrees. Since each pixel
is about 0.05 degrees, it would take more than 2000 of these particles to fill one
pixel. The actual object in the video was about eight pixels wide, or more than
16,000 times larger.
If we assume, contrary to the data, that the object was closer than 65 feet, then it
would be going slower, Av would be smaller, and thus the radius would be larger.
(The smaller velocity can be calculated from Av / R = Av / 65, where R is the closer
distance.) Figure 16 shows how the angular diameter in pixels and the radius would
vary with distance from the Shuttle. As I mention in Section 5ẠạẠithe vernier thrust-
ers are oriented to avoid plume vectors toward the payload bayiại (NASA, 1981).
Since the edge of the cargo bay was about 8 or 9 feet from the camera, the mini-
mum acceptable distance in Figure 16 is about ten feet. Even at that distance the
ice particle would be less than 0.02 pixel in width, or more than 400 times smaller
than the main object in the video.
5. COMMENTS ON THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THE REAR VERNIERS
COULD HAVE ACCELERATED THE MAIN OBJECT
In Appendix J, I show the locations of all six vernier rockets; and, using the telem-
etry (Wieder 1995a) in Appendix K, I then show that only the two verniers firing
down from the back left and right pods could be responsible for accelerating the
alleged ice particles. I will now eliminate the vernier on the back right, and examine
more closely the likelihood that the left vernier could have produced the accelera-
Figure 17a is a rear view of the Shuttle, and shows the directions of the exhausts
from the left (LSD) and right (RSD) rockets that fired during the time of the flashes

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1795, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Radius and Angular Wich of a Spherical Ice Particle
I.OE+01
1.OE+0C
angular width in pixels
1.0E-04
1.0E-05
1.0E-06
radius in meters
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
Distance from Camera in Feet
Fig. 16. Radius and angular width of a spherical ice particle that moves in a manner
consistent with the data.
in the videotape. The location of the main object, if it was an ice particle, is also
included. Figure 17b is a side view from the right, and shows more clearly the
locations of the tail and three main engines with respect to R5D and the direction
of its exhaust, which is down and away from the location of the alleged ice particle.
The tail and three main engines would clearly block the plume from R5D and
prevent it from reaching the ice particle." In fact, the three engines themselves
would probably prevent the plume from even reaching the tail. And even without
the tail and main engines, it is difficult to see how the plume could spread back and
up that far. Thus we can eliminate the burst from RSD that occurs before and
during the main flash.
So we are left with the 1.2-second burst from LSD, which ended very nearly at the
end of the main flash, when the main object began to accelerate. As I pointed out
earlier, my proofs are based on the motion observed in the videotape, and not on
whether a vernier rocket fired. Nonetheless, for the ice-particle theory to remain in
any way plausible there must be a reasonable way for the plume from LSD to spread
back and up to the proper location indicated in Figure 17a.
Pearson (1990) has calculated velocity and plume percentage profiles for one of
the main adjustor rockets (i.e., not one of the verniers). Figure 18 was constructed
from one of the graphs in his report. If the plume from LSD were to spread directly

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 242, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
+

a Pat

KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48 103

NN Main Object

Fig. 17a. The two rear verniers that fired just before the main object accelerated.

_~ Main Object

Fig. 17b. Location of RSD with respect to the three main engines and the tail.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1955, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
104
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
back to the alleged ice particle (i.e., without reflection), it would make a 152° angle
with the central axis of the plume (see the third proof). Pearson has shown that 99%
of the plume for the main adjustors is contained within 97° of the central axis, and
98% within 84°. If we assume that the verniers spread like the main adjustors, ex-
trapolating his calculations shows that at 152° there would be practically nothing
left of the plume. In addition, LSD is located underneath the back part of the pod,
near the middle. The plume would have to curl around the edge and back up in order
to reach the ice particle." So we must rule out the possibility that the direct exhaust
from LSD could get to the proper location.
The only other reasonable possibility is that the plume somehow reflected off the
left wing. I will ignore the fact that the wing is partially blocked from LSD by the
pod itself. To reach the ice particle" the plume would have to spread back and
down at an angle of about 30°. According to Pearson's calculations (see Figure 18)
the exhaust speed at this angle would be 99.6% of the speed along the central
axis-virtually the same. This is not that surprising, since the gas is expanding into
a vacuum, and the molecules do not experience collisions with the atmosphere.
There is a problem with this interpretation. As the plume reflects off the wing it
is an expanding cone, not just a group of gas particles moving up in a straight line.
Simple geometry shows that if the cone would expand 40 to 45 degrees from the
reflection point on the wing the plume would enter the cargo bay. But the vernier
11,300 (99%)
1000
11,800 (95ł
11,500 (98%)
Radial Distance From Central Axie, Feet
800
12,200 (60%)
1
11,970 (90%
800
12,250 (30%)
400
200
11520
12,265 ft/sec
-200
200
400
600
800
1000
Distance Along Central Axis, Feet
Fig. 18. Velocity and percentage profiles for the spreading of a main adjustor rocket.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3258, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
105
rockets have been designed so that their plumes will not enter the cargo bay. Accord-
ing to NASA's Space Shuttle News Reference (1981), "The vernier thrusters are used
for fine attitude control and payload pointing where contamination or plume im-
pingement are important considerations. The vernier thrusters, which have no re-
dundancy, are oriented to avoid plume vectors toward the payload bayẠỊiIt would
appear that reflection off the wing would violate this design requirement. In addi-
tion, reflection off the wing would make LSD less efficient, since that would pro-
duce a downward thrust that would tend to nullify the upward thrust for which LSD
One further consideration. The telemetry shows that the six verniers fired 21
times during the 15 minutes preceding the main flash. It is odd that there were no
flashes that occurred during the 19 firings before the two analyzed here.
6. DISCUSSION
There are several other possible explanations for the objects seen in the videotape,
in addition to the ice particle theory. Some have suggested that they were tiny par-
ticles near the camera lens, instead of ice particles dozens of feet from the Shuttle.
Other prosaic explanations might be that they were meteors, satellites, or space junk.
Finally, and most spectacularly, they could have been some kind of spacecraft ma-
neuvering in outer space away from the Shuttle. This is a necessary conclusion if
none of the other explanations holds up, since the main object clearly accelerated
and moved above the Earth's airglow in the videotape. Thus it would have been an
intelligently directed craft that was above the atmosphere; that is, it would have been
a spacecraft. Let us look at each of these possibilities in greater detail.
The objects could not have been tiny particles close to the camera lens, since the
camera was focused at infinity, as can be seen on the videotape when the camera
turns down until the side of the cargo bay is visible. Any tiny particles near the
camera would have been indistinguishable blurs, and would not have been visible.
Moreover, the alleged tiny particles near the camera would have to be in the cargo
bay. The vernier rockets are designed so that their exhaust does not enter the cargo
bay. What mechanism could there be to accelerate tiny particles near the camera?
Also, the glowing objects clearly cannot be meteors, satellites, or space junk,
since none of these can change direction. This leaves us with only two alterna-
tives-the objects were either spacecraft maneuvering out in space away from the
Shuttle, or ice particles on the order of dozens of feet from the cargo bay.
I have given five separate proofs that the main object in the videotape could not
have been an ice particle, and therefore was an object out in space away from the
Shuttle. In addition, I have also indicated that the other objects were not ice par-
ticles either. Carlotto (1995) agrees with my conclusions. He digitized 51 frames
in one-second intervals around the flash, and analyzed the motions of nine different
objects observed in the videotape, including several on the right that I did not study.
Three of the objects display curved trajectories that strongly suggest that they

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
106
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
were considerably removed from the location of the Shuttle. Also, from the magni-
tude and variation in intensities of the objects he concludes that some of them were
closer than others; yet the closer ones did not accelerate until well after the farther
objects. This is difficult to explain in terms of ice particles.
Wieder (1995b,c), in his capacity as reviewer of Carlotto's article, has correctly
pointed out that two of the verniers fired during the period just before and includ-
ing the flashes. However, I have shown in Section 5 that the plume from one of
these verniers, RSD, could not have reached the main object; and that there are
problems associated with the plume from the other, LSD, getting there. Moreover,
my proofs are based on the actual behavior of the objects as analyzed from the
videotape, and do not depend on whether a vernier fired or not.
If the object was a spacecraft, its performance characteristics were extraordi-
nary. Let us examine the possible accelerations involved. I have not been able to
determine from the tape just how far away from the Shuttle the main object was.
Since the Shuttle was about 355 miles above the Earth when the film was taken, the
horizon would be slightly more than 1700 miles away. Obviously the object was
somewhere between the Shuttle and this location. As shown in Appendix I, we can
calculate the terminal velocity of the craft if its distance from the Shuttle is known.
We can then approximate its acceleration at this distance by using Figure H4 from
Appendix H to find a Av / Ar for the rising part of the curve. I chose At to be one
second, which means that Av was nearly 0.9 of the terminal velocity. The results of
these calculations for various distances are given in the following table. The accel-
erations are given in g's and the final velocities in miles per hour. (Since the five
proofs given earlier establish that the main object was out in space away from the
Shuttle, there is no point in showing calculations for locations near the Shuttle.
Besides, I have already included a final velocity of 5.5 ft/sec = 3.4 miles/hour for
a distance of 65 feet.)
Distance, Miles
Acceleration
Final Velocity
1710 (horizon)
18,000 g's
430,000 mph
1000
10,500
250,000
100
1,050
25,000
10
105
2,500
1
10.5
250
Except for the one-mile distance, these numbers are far beyond the capability of any
known earthly craft. If the object was a ship as close as 10 miles, the 100 g accelera-
tion would have absolutely flattened a human pilot. If it was at the horizon, it was
behaving in a fashion that was quantum leaps beyond any craft we have on the Earth.

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2670, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
re
-£
e
ove
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
107
REFERENCES
Carlotto, Mark J. (1995). Digital video analysis of anomalous space objects. Journal of
Scientific Exploration, 9 (1), 45-63.
Crenshaw, Hugh C. (1995). Private communication.
Crenshaw, Hugh C. (1992). The VidiTrack System, Version 1.0, User's Manual, Durham,
N.C.: Headlight Systems.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (1981). Space Shuttle News Reference.
pp. 4-6.
Pearson, Don J. (1990, October). Plume Impingement Modeling. Mission Operations
Directorate, Rockwell International.
Sainio, Jeff. (1993). Private communication.
Wieder, Irwin. (1995a). Private communication.
Wieder, Irwin. (1995b). Report of referee on "Digital analysis of anomalous space ob-
jects." Journal of Scientific Exploration, 9 (1), 65-69.
Wieder, Irwin. (1995c). Comments on digital video analysis. Journal of Scientific Explo-
ration, 9 (2), 289-91.
APPENDIX A.
. THE CAMERA VIEWING ANGLE, THE GRID USED,
AND THE GRID PIXEL SIZE IN DEGREES
Figure Al is a NASA drawing of the cargo bay intended to show the general
locations of the cameras. The camera used to obtain the video we are analyzing is
the one in the rear of the cargo bay. By coincidence, the camera in the drawing is
pointed in the same direction that it was that night.
Sixty-five seconds after the main object accelerated up and to the right, the Shuttle
camera turned down and rotated to show the front of the cargo bay. When it began
to turn down, there were three objects at the bottom of the picture. As the camera
panned down, these objects did not spread or grow closer with respect to one an-
other. This means that the viewing angle of the camera was not changing. Once it
stopped rotating down, the side of the cargo bay was visible, but was very fuzzy and
out of focus. This shows that the camera was focused at infinity, as mentioned in the
text in Section 1. So we must conclude that the objects seen in the videotape could
not have been very tiny particles just outside (or even inside) the camera lens. Tiny
particles close to the camera would have been indistinguishable blurs with the
camera focused at infinity.
Once the camera stopped rotating downward, it narrowed its aperture, bringing
the side of the cargo bay sharply into view. However, as this happened, the same
width of the railing was visible, indicating that the camera angle did not change. The
camera then panned around to the front, and the sequence ended with a shot of the
front of the cargo bay and Shuttle.
I determined the width of the camera viewing angle by measuring the full width
of the cargo bay on my TV screen, and comparing it to the total width of the picture.

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1408, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
108
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
MANIPULATOR
ARM TV
CAMERA.
AFT
BULKHEAD
TV CAMERA.
FORWARD
BULKHEAD
TV CAMERA
OPTIONAL
TV CAMERA
IN KEEL
PUBLIC
AFFAIRS
TV CAMERA
IN COCKPIT
Fig. A1. NASA drawing of the Shuttle showing the possible locations of the TV camera.
The cargo bay is 17 feet wide, from outer side to outer side, and I assumed that the
camera at the back of the cargo bay was between 58 and 58.5 feet from the front (the
cargo bay is 60 feet long). The width of the cargo bay on my TV screen was 28.0
cm = 28.0 / 2.54 = 11.02 ‡ 0.1 inches, while the total picture was 21.7 inches
wide. (I consider this latter figure accurate enough to keep as it is. I measured the
height of my TV screen at 16.2 inches. This means that the diagonal is
(21.72 + 16.22)½ = 27.08 inches. This is quite accurate for a 27-inch TV screen.)
The angular width of the screen is calculated by using the similar triangles shown
in Figure A2. Yo is the equivalent distance the "camera" would be from the TV screen
if the cargo bay were 11.02 + 0.1 inches wide. This distance is calculated from the
ratio
17 / (58.25 + 0.25) = (11.02 = 0.1) / Уо
Solving this equation leads to % = 37.76 ‡ 0.51 inches. yo is then used as one side
of the right triangle in Figure A3, the second side being half the width of the screen,
or 21.7 / 2 inches. The full angular width of the screen then follows from
tan(ow / 2) = 0.5(21.7) / (37.76 =0.51)

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1262, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
e
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
109
17 ft. or 11.02 in.
58.5 ft.
or
Yo
Fig. A2. Similar triangles from which one can
calculate the equivalent distance the camera
would be from the TV screen, if the cargo bay
were 11.02 inches wide.
Solving for 0w, and realizing that the vertical height of the picture is 0.75 times the
width, we get
Ow = angular width = 32.07 = 0.41°
Oh = angular height = 0.75 0w = 24.05 = 0.31°
The grid used was comprised of 640 horizontal by 480 vertical pixels, and did
not completely cover the TV screen. In addition, the television set I used to calcu-
late the viewing angle did not contain the entire picture provided by the video. So
I had to make some careful measurements of the grid, my TV screen, and the actual
picture to come up with the size of each pixel and the location of the center of the
screen.
Figure A4 shows the total picture provided by the videotape, and the location of
the grid on it. I have also drawn in lines across the top and right side of the picture
indicating the part that is visible on my TV screen. Measuring by hand, I determined
that the grid and TV are 18.20 ‡ 0.1 and 19.53 = 0.1 units wide, respectively. A
• 21.7 in.-
Yo
Fig. A3. Triangle from which the viewing angle
can be calculated.
2
.. ...

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1145, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
110
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Fig. A4. The entire TV picture (full dark rectangle), the 640 by 480 pixel grid (smaller
rectangle surrounded by the white line), smaller picture covered by my 27-inch TV set,
and horizontal and vertical lines that cross at the center of the full picture.
simple ratio determines the width of my screen in pixels:
(19.53 + 0.1 / 18.20 = 0.1) × 640 = 686.81 ‡ 7.29 pixels
Since the locations of the objects are given in pixels, we need to recalculate yo in
pixels. This is done from the ratio
21.7 / (37.76 + 0.51) = (686.81 ‡ 7.29) / Yo,
or yo = 1195.28 = 28.83 pixels, where I realize that the number of significant
figures is excessive. Again, I will round off in each case at the end of my calcula-
tions to get acceptable levels of significance. o will be used to find the spherical
coordinate angles o and O that will be needed at various times during the calcula-
tions. I will define these angles in Appendix D. For now it is enough to realize that
the horizontal and vertical angles 41 and 01, as measured from the center of the
screen, are obtained from
tand, tane1 = number of pixels from screen center / Yo

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2779, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:t,
in
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
111
It is instructive to calculate the approximate size of each pixel. This follows from
tan01 = 1/ Yo, which leads to a value for 01 of about 0.048°, or less than one-
twentieth of a degree.
We need to know the angle that the camera was tilted up from the cargo bay. This
can be calculated quite easily, since the camera can rotate downward at only two
speeds-either 12 degrees per second or 1.2 degrees per second. Since the camera
took more than 38 seconds to turn down to the cargo bay, it obviously rotated at the
slower rate. I measured the rotation from start to finish ten times, then averaged and
found the standard deviation. The duration of the camera movement was 38.37 +
0.24 seconds, where the 0.24 is two standard deviations, assuring 95% certainty.
Rounding off to two decimal places, the camera angle 0, was 1.2°/second × 38.37
* 0.24 seconds, or 46.04 = 0.29°. This figure will be used when we rotate from the
camera frame of reference down to the Shuttle frame.
APPENDIX B.
ACCELERATION OF ICE PARTICLES
PUSHED BY ATTITUDE-ADJUSTOR ROCKETS
For the moment let us assume that the objects seen in the videotape actually were
ice particles, so that I won't have to qualify my statements as I develop the theory in
this section of the paper. Arguments against the ice particle theory will be given
later.
The total time duration of the firing of the attitude adjustor rockets, At, can be
determined from the length of the flash on the videotape. The exhaust will form a
cone of length V At, where Vis the average velocity of the particles in the exhaust.
It is reasonable to assume that the particles are nearly monoenergetic, since they
will be pushed out in the same direction by the same exhaust force, and any small
variation in distribution will be sharply peaked around the average exhaust veloc-
ity. The exhaust is above the atmosphere, and so will not experience any dispersion
due to atmospheric collisions. The only spreading possible would be caused by
collisions among the exhaust particles themselves. We should expect this to hap-
pen, since the exhaust is a gas at a hot temperature, and will tend to spread as it
moves away from the Shuttle.
So we have a cone of length VAr that approaches and passes the main ice par-
ticle, accelerating it sharply as it does so. This implies that the ice particle is small
enough to be strongly influenced by the exhaust cone. When the cone drags the
particle, the particle experiences a drag force proportional to the relative velocity
between the cone and the particle. This drag force can be expressed by the equa-
tion
F = b(V - V) = ma
where b is the drag coefficient, V is the average speed of particles in the exhaust
cone, and m is the mass of the ice particle. Thus

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1584, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
....
112
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
a = (b/ m)(V - v) = dv / dt
(B1)
As I will show later, analysis of the videotape clearly shows that the main object
stops at or just before the beginning of the flash. Thus I will use the initial condi-
tion that v and x = 0 at t = 0. The details of the solution to (B1) are given in
Appendix C. The results are
x = Vt - (m /b)V(1 - e-b/ m)
(B2)
v = V(1 - e01/ m)
(B3)
a = (b/ m)Ve-b: / m
(B4)
Note thatv < Vand v → Vast → ∞. Thus the cone will eventually move past the
particle, ending its acceleration, since the particle never actually reaches V, the speed
of the cone. Let te be the time the particle is at the back edge of the cone. From
Figure B1 (At is the duration of the cone),
cone hits particle
particle at end of cone
-cone length
VAt
Vie
Figure B1. Relation between exhaust cone length and distance an ice particle would
remain inside the cone.
Therefore, × = Vie - V At, or x - Vie = -V At. Evaluating (B2) at t = te, this
occurs at
× - Vte = -VAt = -(m / b)V(1 - e-bie / m)
Eliminating V, multiplying by -1, and rearranging,
e-bie / m = 1 - (b/ m)At
(BS)
If we express te as a multiple of Ar, fe = AAr, then equation (B5) can be put into the
form
672(1 - 2) = 1,
(B6)
wherez = (b/m) 4r. From the videotape we can measure both At and te. Thus we can
find the constant A in (B6). We can then solve (B6) for z, and find b / m. This constant
can be put into equations (B2), (B3), and (B4) to find the shapes of the position,
velocity, and acceleration curves.
At is 400 milliseconds, or 0.4 seconds, as determined from the videotape. In Ap-

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1943, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
B1)
ject
ndi-
1 in
32)
33)
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
113
pendix H I show (see Figure H4) that te is at least 1.7 seconds. So the constant A is
4.25. This value of A in (B6) leads to z = 0.984783, where I have kept too many
significant figures. Thus
b / m = z/ At = 0.984783 / 0.4 = 2.46.
Equation (B3) thus becomes
v = V(1 - e-2.46r)
(B7)
This leads us to a very important conclusion. Since the object accelerates for at least
1.7 seconds, we can now calculate the final velocity of the ice particle in terms of the
exhaust velocity V of the attitude adjustor rocket. Inserting 1.7 for t in (B7) leads to
v = 0.98 V. In other words, if the object is an ice particle, it must be going at better
than 98% of the rocket's exhaust velocity. I show in Section 5 of the main text that
this condition is fatal for the ice-particle theory.
If we assume that the 400 millisecond flash is an indication of Wieder's (1995b)
1.2-second pulse, then we use A = te / At = 1.7 / 1.2 = 1.4167 in equation (B6).
This leads to z = 0.52399402, and z/ At = 0.43666. Thus equation (B3) no be-
comes v = V(1 - e-0.44), which for t = 1.7 seconds yields v = 0.36V. So if we
use the 1.2-second pulse, the ice particle would still have to reach 36% of the speed
of the vernier exhaust, since it accelerated for 1.7 seconds.
APPENDIX C.
SOLUTION OF THE DRAG FORCE EQUATION
As shown in Appendix B, the drag force can be expressed by the equation
F = b(V - v) = ma
where b is the drag coefficient, V is the average speed of particles in the exhaust
cone, and m is the mass of the ice particle. Thus
a = (b / m)(V - v) = dv / dt
(C1)
dv / dt + (b/ m)v = (b / m)V
v = (01 m) e-b/m/vebs|m dt + Cets/m
= (b/ m) e-b/m V(m /b) ebt /m + Ce-b: /m
v = V + Ce-bil m
As I showed in the text, analysis of the videotape clearly shows that the main
object stops at or just before the beginning of the flash. Thus I will use the initial
condition that v and x = 0 at t = 0; therefore

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1264, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
114
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
O = V + C
C = -V
So the velocity of the ice particle is given by the equation
V = V(1 - e-b / m)
(C2)
The acceleration is simply the derivative of this expression:
a = (b / m) Ve-bi/m
(СЗ)
The distance traveled by the particle is gotten by integrating the velocity equation:
V = dx / dt = V - Ve-bt / m
Jax = Vde - fre-bi/m dr + C1
x = Vi + (m/b) Ve-bi/m + C1
Att = 0, x = 0; therefore,
0 = 0+ (m/6) V+C
C1 = -(m / b)V
So, finally, the distance traveled by the ice particle is
x = Vt - (m / b)V(1 - e-b/ m)
(C4)
Putting these equations all together,
x = Vt - (m/b)V(1 - e-br/ m)
(C4)
v = V(1 - e-br/ m)
(C2)
a = (61 m)Ve-bi / m
(СЗ)
APPENDIX D.
OBTAINING THREE VELOCITY COMPONENTS
FROM A TWO-DIMENSIONAL VIDEOTAPE
One apparent problem with analyzing a two-dimensional videotape is that one is
looking at a flat screen, so all the observed motion is either left-right or up-down.
This would seem to exclude knowledge of the motion in the third, or in-and-out,
dimension. This is not the case.
Suppose, for example, that I am standing in the middle of a road holding the
camera such that it points straight down the center of the road. Suppose also that as
I run the camera someone is walking away from me along the left side of the road.

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3237, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2)
n:
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
115
This person is actually moving in the in-and-out direction, or perpendicular to the
flat screen that would show the videotape. When I watch the videotape later I can
see the person walking along the side of the road; and as time passes the person's
position on the flat screen changes from left to right on the screen. In other words,
information about motion in the third dimension is contained on the two-dimen-
sional, flat screen, and appears as left-right motion. We only need to figure out how
to extract this information to get the velocity component that is perpendicular to
the screen. The situation is more complicated if the person also walks across the
road as he or she moves away from me. Then the left-right motion observed on the
flat screen contains information about both the true in-and-out and left-right mo-
tions. We need to separate these two motions if we want to find all three velocity
components.
Let me point out another aspect of the left-right and in-and-out velocity compo-
nents. If the person walks directly away from me down the middle of the road (and
thus in the middle of the videotape picture), then I observe no left-right motion on
the screen when I watch the tape. The person must be left or right of screen center
for me to observe left-right motion from true motion directly away from me. Simi-
larly, someone walking across the road in true left-to-right fashion will produce left-
right motion on the tape no matter where that person is on the screen, middle or
otherwise. So a combination of the left-right and in-and-out motions of someone
walking away from me at an angle will be contained in the videotape only at loca-
tions off the middle of the screen. At the center of the screen only true left-right
motion will be observed.
Consider now a two-dimensional videotape showing a scene in space, such as
was filmed by the Space Shuttle Discovery. If we define a set of Cartesian coordi-
nates with respect to the Shuttle, with positive x toward the right, positive y di-
rectly away, and positive z upward, then the videotape will be lined up in the x-z
plane, with they direction the third, or in-and-out, dimension. As I just indicated, the
videotape will show just the true x velocity component, without motion in the y
direction, only along a line from top to bottom through the exact center of the
screen. At all other locations on the screen the observed left-right motion will
include both the x and y velocity components. The velocity component in the z
direction is even more restricted. When we observe up-and-down motion on the
screen we see just the z component only at the exact center of the screen. At all other
locations the observed up-and-down component will include parts of the motion in
all three directions as well. Figures D1a and D1b show the observed x and z compo-
nents, respectively. The observed x component (call it Vxo) will include the true vx
and Vy, and the observed z component, zo, Will contain Vp, Vy, and vz. To prove this,
we first need to see how Cartesian and spherical coordinates are related, and how
these apply to our situation.
The velocity vector in Cartesian coordinates is
v = iVx + jVy + kVz
(D1)

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1565, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
116
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Vxa
+У
TOP
VIEW
Vzo
SIDE
VIEW
line of
sight
+У
Fig. D1a. Top view of line of sight,
showing that Yxo equals -Vp-
Fig. D1b. Side view of line of sight,
showing that Vzo equals -Ve.
The unit vectors i, j, and k in spherical coordinates are
i = r sine coso + 0 cose coso - d sing
(D2a)
j = r sine sino + 0 cose sino + q coso
(D2b)
k = r cose - 0 sine
(D2c)
where r, 0, and o are the appropriate unit vectors in spherical coordinates. Substitut-
ing (D2a-c) into (D1) and rearranging,
v = r (v, sine cos + Vy sine sino + v¿ cose)
+ e (v, cose cosp + v, cose sino - V, sine)
+ (-V, sing + V, cosp)
This means that, in spherical coordinates,
V, = V¿ sino cosp + Vy sine sing + v½ cose
(DЗa)
ve = V cose cos + Vy cose sing - v¿ sine
(D3b)
Vo = Vy coso - Vx sino
(D3с)
As we look at the Shuttle video, if x increases to the right and z increases upward,
then the angle o starts directly to the right along the positive x axis (i.e., point your
arm straight out to the right, not to the right of the TV screen), and e starts directly
overhead, along the positive z axis. This means that the center of the screen is at o
= 90°, 0 = 90°, with o increasing toward the left and e increasing downward.
The observed velocity component perpendicular to the line of sight in the x direc-
tion in the video, that is, observed left-right, is actually in the o direction (see Figure
Dla). Since I have defined x as increasing to the right, and since o increases to the
left, the velocity component perpendicular to the line of sight in the x direction, VaL,

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1676, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SIDE
VIEW
at,
(D2a)
D2b)
D2c)
titut-
›За)
3b)
3c)
ird,
pur
tly
eC-
ire
he
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
117
is the negative of vp. Similarly, the velocity component perpendicular to the line of
sight in the z direction is the negative of ve, which is positive for O increasing
downward (see Figure D1b):
(D4a)
Vz1 = -Ve = -V, cost coso - Vy cose sino + V, sine
(D4b)
where (obviously) the units of VI, VI, V» Vy, and v, are all the same.
We can also derive equations (D4a) and (D4b) strictly from an analysis of the
geometry. I will illustrate with equation (D4a) (D4b is considerably more compli-
cated, so I will omit it here).
VaL is perpendicular to the z axis, so it does not contain v¿. Thus it will contain
only v, and Vy. Let us examine each of these components separately. v, can be
expressed in terms of components parallel and perpendicular to the line of sight
(see Figure D2a):
where n 1 and n, are unit vectors in the perpendicular and parallel directions, respec-
tively. Similarly (see Figure D2b),
Vy = n1vy sing + n, cosợ
+y
TOP
VIEW
TOP
VIEW
+X
Fig. D2a. V¼ and its perpendicular
and parallel components.
Fig. D2b. Vy and its perpendicular
and parallel components.
Motion in the parallel direction is not visible, so motion perpendicular to the line of
sight in the x direction is the sum of the two components perpendicular to the line of
sight:
VIL - n1(V, coso' + Vy sing)
ф is measured from the center of the screen, while o in equation (D4a) is measured
parallel to the screen, to the right. In other words, = 4 - 90°. If we use the
identities cos(ф - 90º) = sing and sin( - 90º) = -coso, we see that the above
equation is identical to equation (D4a).

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2074, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
118
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Clearly, the observed velocities contain information about the third velocity com-
ponent, Vy. In other words, the velocities measured on the flat screen include all
three components, not just two, as one might expect from a flat picture. The trick is
to extract all three components from the apparently two-dimensional data.
This can be done if the objects are moving with a constant velocity. A constant
velocity means that all three components are constant; so that as the angles o and e
change, V., Vy, and v, are the same. So if (D4a) is evaluated at two separate points (i.e.,
known values of vaL and d), then the true v, and vy can be calculated. Once this is
done, (D4b) can be evaluated at one other point (or one of the original two) to find
Vz:
Before we do this, however, there is another complication that must be resolved
The objects on the screen are tracked by pixel location, and so their observed
velocity components are given in pixels per second. Since each pixel can be ex-
pressed as an angular width, either in degrees or radians, the observed components
in the x and z directions (call them xo and v½o instead of VAL and Vz1), are actually
angular velocities, and are not the VAL and Vz1 in equations (D4a) and (D4b). A
simple example will perhaps clarify the situation.
Suppose there are two objects, both along the same line of sight, one twice as far
away from the camera as the other. If they both are moving in the same direction,
and if the farther one has twice the velocity as the nearer, the camera will track
both of them identically. That is, the farther one will always be directly behind the
nearer one. Figure D3 shows the similar triangles involved, and indicates clearly
that what is being observed is the angular motion across the screen, not the veloci-
ties in feet per second. Even though the farther object is moving at twice the speed
Second Object
2V
V
Г
First Object-
Fig. D3. Two objects moving with the same angular velocity, although the second object
has twice the linear velocity of the first.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2245, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
om-
: all
K is
tant
id 0
i.e..
:s is
Find
sed.
ved
ect
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
119
of the nearer one, it stays directly behind the nearer one on the screen because they
both have the same angular velocity. So the observed velocities, xo and zo, must
be angular velocities in the negative o and e directions, respectively; whether these
velocities are expressed in pixels, degrees, or radians per second:
Vxo = -do / dt, ½o = -dO / dt.
To find out how xo and Vo are related to the three Cartesian velocity components
Vp› Vy, and v½, notice from Figure D3 that tand' = x / y. Taking the derivative,
d(tanợ) / dt = (1/cos?ф) dộ / dt = (r2/y2) dộ'/ dt = Vy/y - (x/y3) vy
dộ'/ dt = (v/7) V - (x/P) vy = coso (Vx/r) - sind (V,/r)
Since d' / dt = -d / dt, ' = 90° - , cos' = sind and sind' = cos, we have
Vxo = d'/ dt = -dộ / dt = (vx/ r) sind - (Vy/ r) cos@
Thus Vxo = -dộ / dt = Vx1 / r. This means that equations (D4a) and (D4b) must be
adjusted before they can be used in analyzing the videotape. The proper forms are
Vxo = -d / dt = (Vx/ r) sino - (Vy/ r) cosp
(D5a)
Vo = -de / dt = -(Vx/ r) cose cos - (Vy/ r) cose sind + (v½/ r) sine
(D5b)
So when xo and ½o from the videotape are used to find the velocity components,
what we get are actually v, / r, Vy/ r, and v/r, where Vp, Vy, and v, are given in the
proper units, feet per second, and r is the distance to the object, in feet, at the time
the equations are evaluated. This means that we must solve the two equations from
Vxo1 = (Vr/ r1) sinф1 - (Vy/r1) COSф1
Vxo2 = (Vx/ 72) sino2 - (Vy/ r2) coS2,
and then solve equation (D5b) at one of these points, say r1, to find the three velocity
components Vx/ Vy / r1, and v½/ r1:
To do this we must solve for r2 in terms of ry and quantities we know. I will solve for
r2 at the appropriate times in Appendices E and H.
There are two regions where the objects, if they are ice particles, must be moving
at constant velocities-before the flash, and after they have finished accelerating. To
find the terminal velocities, one would, of course, evaluate (D5a) and (D5b) after
It will be more convenient to express the velocity components in a Cartesian coor-
dinate system aligned with the Shuttle, instead of along the line of sight of the TV

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1312, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
120
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
camera. The camera is tilted up at an angle 0, with respect to the cargo bay. Fortu-
nately this angle is in the y-z plane, so the x axis we have been using is directed
along the Shuttle, from back to front. Thus the x component of the velocity as
calculated above will not be changed. The y and z components will, though. If we
rename the old y and z position and velocity coordinates ye, Ze, Vyc, and vzc, and call
the new coordinates and velocity components aligned with the Shuttle y, 2, Vy, and
V½ then the old and new systems are shown in Figure D4 below.
+Ус
+<0
Camera
Frame
REAR
VIEW OF
SHUTTLE
+Z
Shuttle
Frame-
+y .
Fig. D4. Camera and Shuttle frames of reference. The positive x axis for each is into the page.
The transformation we wish is a rotation of the ye - 4c axis clockwise through the
angle 0c. This transformation is well-known, and the relevant velocity equations are
given by
Vx = Vxc
(ба)
Vy = Vyc COsec - Vzc Sinoc
(Dбb)
Vz = VycSinOc + VzçCOs®c
(Dбс)
Note that the calculated velocity components are actually v, / r1, etc., and are
expressed in units of pixéls per second. To determine them in feet/second, we must
find the location of the object with respect to the Shuttle at the first point used in the
calculations, and then convert from pixels to feet.

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 830, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fortu-
trected
city as
If we
1d call
y» and
OF
LE
*age.
the
are
5a)
ib)
re
ISt
le
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
121
APPENDIX E.
DERIVATION OF THE THREE VELOCITY COMPONENTS OF
THE MAIN OBJECT BEFORE THE MAIN FLASH
The data before the flash is given in the following table.
time (sec)
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
6.5
7.0
7.5
8.0
8.5
9.0
9.5
10.0
10.5
11.0
11.5
12.0
12.5
13.0
13.5
14.0
14.6
351
340
329
320
311
302
293
286
277
269
262
254
248
241
236
233
Vxo
-11
-11
-9
-9
-9
-9
-7
-9
—8
-7
-8
-6
-7
-5
Vyo
329
334
335
341
342
4
346
351
354
355
360
364
364
370
370
372
374
As noted earlier, the location of the center of the screen is at x = 306, y = 266.
The object is at mid-screen (x = 306, = 90°) at t = 4.56 seconds. My least-
square curve fits for Vxo and v½o are
Vxo = -11.21 + 0.505t - 0.009r2
(E1a)

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1068, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
122
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Vzo = 3.96 - 0.125t
(EIb)
where I have kept too many significant figures. These curve fits, along with the
original data, are shown in Figures E1 and E2.
We know from equations (D5a) and (D5b) that
Vxo = -do / dt = (vx/ r) sing - (Vy/ r) cos
(D5a)
Vo = -de / dt = (Vx/ r cose cos - (Vy/ r) cose sino + (vz/ r) sine
(D5b)
where r is the distance from the camera to the object located at (4,0). Substituting
1 = 4.56 seconds into equations (E1a) and (E1b),
Vxo = -9.10, Vzo = 3.39
At t = 4.56 seconds, then,
Vxo = -9.10 = (Vxc/ r1) sin 90° - (Vyc / 71) cos 90°
where I use the notation Vxc› Vyc as above, since these are the components as mea-
sured in the frame of reference of the camera. Clearly Vc/ r1 = -9.10. (I have not
included any ‡ factor for the value of Vc/ r1, since even a ten-pixel error in locating
90° would lead to an uncertainty that is two decimal places past the 9.10.) Now
Horizontal Velocity, Main Object, Before The Flash
-8
-10
Curve fit
Time, Seconds
Fig. E1. Horizontal velocity of the main object before the flash.

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1223, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Е1b)
with the
s mea-
:ve not
›cating
) Now
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
123
Vertical Velocity, Main Object, Before The Flash
5
4
Curve fit
10
12
14
Time, Seconds
Fig. EZ. Vertical velocity of the main object before the flash.
choose t = 13.5 seconds in order to find Vyc / r1. At this time x = 238.5, and the
angle o follows from (remember that yo = 1195.28 + 28.83 pixels, from Appendix
ф = 90° + tan-[(306 ‡ 1 - 238.5 ‡ 0.5) / y%]
ф = 93.24 ‡ О.15°
Thave used an uncertainly of +1 pixel for the center of the picture, and +0.5 for the
location of the object at 13.5 seconds. At r = 13.5 seconds, Vxo = -6.03. We will
find vyc / r1 from
Vxo = -6.03 = (Vxc / r2) sin(93.24 + 0.15°) - (Vyc / 72) cos (93.24 ‡ 0.15°)
(E2)
We need to eliminate r2 from the above equation by solving for it in terms of ry and
known quantities. Since Vrc / ry is negative, Vxc is negative. (This is no surprise,
since the object is moving to the left on the screen.) There are two possibilities for
Vyc-the object is either moving toward the camera (Vyc negative), or away from the
camera (Vyc positive). From Figure El we suspect that the object is moving away,
since the absolute value of xo is decreasing, which is what would happen if the

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1294, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
......
124
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Ov
180° - (4-0v)
900 - 0,
• ф - 90°
+X
Fig. E3. Relationship between r, and ry if the object was moving in the
negative y direction before the flash.
object were getting farther away, and the viewing angle effect would make it appear
to slow down. But we must prove this conclusively, since if the object was moving
away from the Shuttle, the attitude-adjustor rocket could not push back on it toward
the Shuttle to stop it. So let us assume that object was moving toward the Shuttle.
Then the relationship between r2 and r1 is shown in Figure E3.
From the law of sines,
sin[180° - (ф - 0)] / r1 = sin(90° - 0x) / 72
Using sin(90° - 0) = cose, and sin[180° - (ф - 0)] = sin(ф - 0) = sino
cose, - cos sine and realizing that tane, is positive and = Vyc / Vxc› We get
72 = r1 cose, / (sing cose, - coso sino,) = 71 / (sino - coso tano,)
= 71 / [sing - (Vyc / Vxc) Cos)].
Substituting this into equation (E2),
Vxo = (Vxc Sing - Vyc COS) / 72
= [(Vxc / r1) sing - (Vyc / r1) cos¢][sin - (Vyc / Vxc) cos]
or
Vxo / (Vxc/ 71) = [sind - (Vyc / Vxc) cos¢]?
Since r2 must be positive, the quantity inside the brackets on the right-hand side
must be positive. Thus we take the positive square root:
sin¢ - (Vyc / Vxc) cos = [Vxo / (Vxc / r1)] ½.
and solve for Vyc / Vxc:

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1395, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
it appear
s moving
it toward
: Shuttle.
= sino
get
￾Q„)
d side
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
125
Vyc / Vxe = tane - (1/cos¢) ['xo / (Vxc / r1)1/½
Substituting = 93.24 ‡ 0.15°, Vxo = -6.03, and Vxc / 71 = -9.10, we get Vyc /
Vc = -3.26. This is not possible, since from Figure E3 we can see that both Vyc and
Vc are negative, and thus that Vyc / Vxc must be positive. So we must conclude that
our assumption about the original direction of Vyc was wrong, and that the object
must be moving away from the Shuttle before the flashes. As I mentioned above in
Section 3, it is difficult to understand how an attitude-adjustor rocket could push an
ice particle back toward the Shuttle from out in space.
Since the object is initially moving away from the Shuttle, we use Figure E4 to
find the relationship between r2 and r1:
1800-(ø+0y)
-ф - 90°
- +x
Fig. E4. Relationship between r, and ry if the object was moving in the
positive y direction before the flash.
From the law of sines,
sin[180° - (¢ + 0x)] / r1 = sin(0, + 90°9) / r2
Using sin(0, + 90°) = cose, and sin[180° - (4 + 0)] = sin( + 0) = sinó
coso, + coso sino,, we get
r2 = r1 cose, / (sino cose, + coso sino,) = r1/ (sing + coso tane,)
= r1 / [sind - (Vyc / Vxc) CosQ
where I use tane, = -Vyc / Vxc› since tane, is positive and Vyc / Vxc is negative. In-
serting this expression for r2 into equation (E2),
Vxo = (Vxc Sino - Vyc COS) / r2

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1301, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
126
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
= [(Vxc/ r1) sing - (Vyc / cosф][sinф coso][sing - (Vyc/ Vxc) cos]
or
Vxo / (Vxc / 71) = [sing - (Vyc / Vxc) cos]
Again, since r2 > 0 we must take the positive root:
sing - (Vyc / Vxc) cos = [Vxo / (Vxc / r1)]½
or, finally,
Vyc / Vxe = tan - (1 / cos) [Vxo / (Vxc / r1)]/½2
which is the same expression we had before. When the error factor is used, Vyc / Vxc
= -3.27 ‡ 0.16, and Vyc / r1 = 29.75 = 1.40. To find vc / r1, use equation (DSb) at
t = 4.56 seconds, so ф = 0:
Vzo = -(Vyc / 71) cose + (Vzc/ r1) sine
To find 0, use y at t = 4.56 seconds. Extrapolating from the data table, y = 344.22.
Thus
0 = 90° - tan- [(344.22 ‡ 0.5 - 266 = 1) / yo]
0 = 86.25 ÷ 0.16°
Using this value for 0, and Vzo = 3.39 and Vyc / r1 = 29.75 ‡ 1.40 as calculated
above, we find that
V½c / r1 = [zo + (Vyc / T1) cose] / sine = 5.35 ‡ 0.18.
Putting all three components together,
Vxc / r1 = -9.10
Vyc / 71 = 29.75 + 1.40
(Е3)
Vzc / F1 = 5.35 + 0.18
It is more convenient to transform these coordinates to the frame of reference of the
Shuttle. This is done by using equations (Da), (D6b), (D6c), as shown earlier:
Vx = Vxc
(Dба)
Vy = Vyc COSOc - Vzc sinoc
(D6b)
Vz = Vye Sinoc + Vze COSOc
(Dбс)
Using equations (E3) and, from Appendix A, 0c = 46.04 = 0.29°, we arrive at our
final equations:

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2184, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vyc / Vxc
D5b) at
344.22.
culated
(ЕЗ)
of the
Dбa)
Эбb)
Эб¢)
t our
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
127
Vx/ 71 = -9.1
Vy / r1 = 16.8 ‡ 1.2
V½ / r1 = 25.1 = 1.2
(E4)
APPENDIX F.
PROOF THAT THE MAIN OBJECT'S PAUSE
IS NOT A VIEWING-ANGLE EFFECT
One might question whether the main object really does stop, or whether it only
appears to do so, due to a viewing-angle effect. The latter is not the case. The angle
at which this occurs is unique, and can be determined from equation (D4a), where
Yo, the left-right velocity component on the screen, is zero, and 4va is the angle at
which this occurs:
Vxo = 0 = Vxe Sinova - Vyc COSQva
Or
Vyc / Vxc = tan¢va
As calculated in Appendix E, Vxc = -9.1 and Vyc = 29.75 ‡ 1.40. Thus ¢va =
107.0 + 0.8°. This is at least 16.2° to the left of the center of the screen, whereas the
flash occurs when the main object is no greater than 3.6° to the left of the screen
center. Thus the location where the viewing angle would account for the pause in the
main object is four-and-a-half times further to the left of screen center than where the
object actually is when it stops. This is about 280 pixels farther to the left than where
it actually is, and is actually off the TV screen. The two locations are shown in
Figure 3 in the main text. Obviously, the object appears to stop because it actually
APPENDIX G.
PROOF THAT THE MAIN OBJECT WAS NOT STOPPED
BY AN ATTITUDE-ADJUSTOR ROCKET BEFORE THE MAIN FLASH
The main object did not stop at the beginning of the main flash because it was
pushed by rocket exhaust from the pre-flash. The proof follows from an analysis of
the data in a manner similar to the method used in finding the terminal velocity of
the main object. If the object really is an ice particle, it must float along with a
constant velocity before it is pushed by the rocket exhaust. Thus we can use the
position-time data before the flash, along with equations (D4a) and (D4b), to find
the actual velocity components of the object as it floats along. If it then stops, there
must be a force directly opposite these components acting on the object. In Appen-
dix E, I show that the three velocity components of the main object are given by

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2316, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
128
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Vx/ 71 = -9.1
Vy / 1 = 16.8 ‡ 1.2
vz/ r1 = 25.1 ‡ 1.2
(ЕЗ)
APPENDIX H.
DERIVATION OF THE THREE VELOCITY COMPONENTS OF
THE MAIN OBJECT AFTER THE MAIN FLASH.
The approach here is similar to that used in Appendix B, except that there are 230
data points instead of 16. The numerical computations are considerably more com-
Figure 2a in Section 3 showed the raw data for the horizontal position of the main
object as a function of time. I smoothed this data by calculating a simple average of
each point along with the two points on either side-five values in all for each data
point. I did not use this method for the time period when the object was at rest, since
the edges would have been artificially curved and the stopping period unnecessarily
shortened. I simply defined the position as the 233rd pixel for the half second it
stopped. The two points immediately after 1.5 seconds were interpolated between
233 and the third point ahead. The smoothed curve is shown in Figure H1.
Next I took a numerical derivative of this curve, in order to get the horizontal
velocity as a function of time. I defined the velocity as zero during the half second
the object was at rest; and for the rest of the curve for each data point I used as my Ax
the distance between the fifth point on either side of the data point. The correspond-
ing Ar was then the time interval between ten data points, or 10/30 = 0.333 sec-
onds. The velocity at each time was then calculated from v = Ax / Ar. This time
interval seemed to be a good compromise between taking a very small Ar, which
would have resulted in a very noisy curve; and a larger one, which would have lost
some of the character of the true curve. The results are shown in Figure H2. The
curve is obviously somewhat noisy, as would be expected from a numerical deriva-
tive; but the general character of the velocity is quite apparent. The curve rises as the
object accelerates, then reaches a maximum, and falls off at later times.
In order to smooth out the curve, I used a nonlinear, least-squares curve fit of the
following form:
f(t) = (a + bt + cr) / (d + et + fi + 81),
(H1)
which is, of course, a quadratic divided by a cubic. The resulting fit seems quite
good, and is shown in Figure H3. The values for the constants turned out to be a =

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 438, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hat the
e main
ointing
his.
"e 230
com-
main
uge of
1 data
since
sarily
nd it
ween
ontal
sec-
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
129
Horizontal Positon, Main Object, Smoothed
300
280
260
240
220
Time, Seconds
Fig. H1. Horizontal position of the main object, smoothed by averaging five cells.
40
Horizontal Velocity, Main Object, Stop Included
30
25
Time, Seconds
Fig. H2. Horizontal velocity of the main object, including when it was at rest.

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1542, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Horizontal Velocity, Main Object, Including Curve Fil
2
4
5
7
Time, Seconds
Fig. H3. Horizontal velocity of the main object, including curve fit.
-132.97, b = 82.709, c = 4.439, d = 1.108, e = -1.005, f = 0.706, g =
0.004.
One aspect of the curve stands out immediately, and at first glance seems to sound
the death knell for the ice-particle theory. The curve turns back down after it reaches
its maximum value. This suggests that the object reaches a peak velocity, and then
slows down again. There is absolutely no way that an ice particle could do this-it
would have to reach a terminal velocity, then stay at that velocity as it floated through
space.
The only way we can keep the ice-particle theory alive is by assuming that the
downturn is a viewing-angle effect, caused by the fact that the object is moving to
the right in the picture. This would be similar to what one would experience by
standing at the side of a road and watching a car move by at constant speed. As the
car passes directly in front of us, it would appear to be moving very rapidly. As it
moves farther to the right and into the distance, it would seem to be going slower,
even though it is going at the same speed.
This assumption means mathematically that instead of the true, constant terminal
velocity, what is actually observed is Vxo from equation (D5a), as derived in Appen-
dix D:
Vxo = -ф / dt = (Vx; / r) sinộ - (Vyr / r) cosq,
(DSa) and (H2)
where Vy, and Vy, are the constant x and y components of the terminal velocity, and r

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 1950, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
& =
the
‡ to
by
the
S it
'er,
nal
en-
2)
1r
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
131
is the distance from the camera to the object. The observed xo decreases as the value
of o decreases toward the right of the picture.
So to make the sloping curve become a curve that slopes up to a terminal velocity,
we need to find the constants Var and Vy in equation (H2) that match the Vo calcu-
lated by equation (H1). We can force this to happer by choosing two points at later
times on the curve fit, inserting the appropriate values of xo and o, and solving for
the two constants Vs/ F1 and Vyy / F1, where ry is the distance to the object at the
earlier point.
For the first point I chose the center of the screen, because o = 90° there, and so
Var / r1 = Yxo at that location. This occurred at t = 3.944 seconds (x = 306 at the
center). Inserting this time into the equation for the curve fit leads to Vx = 31.33
pixels/second. As above in Appendix E, I did not include a + factor for Vx / r1, since
even a ten-pixel error in o leads to an uncertainty beyond the two decimal places for
The situation is complicated somewhat because the distance r in equation (H2) is
different for the two points. We resolve the difficulty by solving for r2 in terms of r1
and known quantities in the following way.
Since the first point is at the horizontal center of the screen, ry is directly perpen-
dicular to it. The adjustor rocket in the lower left of the screen would have to blow
the "ice particle" away in the positive x and y directions; so the relation between r1
and any r to the right of the screen center is shown in Figure H4.
From the law of sines,
sin(ф - 0) / r1 = sin(90° + 0) / 72
Using the identities
sin(90° + 0) = cose, sin(ф - 0) = sing cose, - coso sino,,
and realizing that tane, = Vyr / Vr, we find that
12 = 71 / [sino - (Vyr / Vxt) Cos]
Vy
LOv
• 900 - ф
— +X
Fig. H4. Triangle showing ry along the central axis and any r farther away to the right.

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2245, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
132
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
So equation (H2) applied to the second point is
Vxo = (Vx: Sino - Vyr COS) / 72
= [(Vx / 71) sin - (Vyr / 71) coso][sin - (Vyr / Var) cos]
Vxo / (Vx / r1) = [sing - (Vyr / Vxz) cos]?
(1H3)
Since r2 must be positive, sin¢ - (Vy, / Vx) coso must be positive; and so we must
take the positive square root:
Solving for Vyr / Var s
(H4)
We already know that Var / r1 = 31.33. For the second point I chose t = 7.4 sec-
onds. At this time xo = 21.27, and from the smoothed data x = 390.4. I chose an
uncertainty of # 1 for the location of the center of the picture, and =0.5 for the
smoothed value for the position. Remembering that yo = 1195.28 ‡ 28.83 pixels
from Appendix A, we calculate o from
ф = 90° + tan - [(306 ‡ 1 - 390.4 10.5) / yo]
ф = 85.96 ÷ 0.17°
Inserting Vxo = 21.27, ф = 85.96 ‡ 0.17°, and Vx / r1 = 31.33 into equation (H4)
leads to a value for Vy, of 77.32 ‡ 3.34 pixels/second.
This assumption, namely that the downturn in Figure H3 is a viewing-angle effect,
can be displayed graphically by dividing the curve fit by the change due to the view-
ing angle, as expressed in equation (H3). In other words, for each point after the
main object accelerates, we calculate the following expression and graph it:
f1 (t) = f(r) / 31.33(sin - 2.468 cos)2
(H5)
where f(r) is given in equation (H1), and 2.468 = Vyr / V. = 77.32 / 31.33. The re-
sulting curve is shown in Figure H5. Notice that it very nicely slopes up to a final
terminal velocity. This should be no surprise, since we made it do so. The curve in
Figure H5 is not a proof that the object reaches a terminal velocity; it is simply a
result of our assumption that it does, and the ensuing mathematical calculations that
make it happen.
Our assumption also leads to a valuable piece of information. From Figure H5 (or
the data used in graphing it) we can determine that it takes 1.7 seconds for the object
to reach 97% of its terminal velocity. In other words, it accelerates for at least 1.7
seconds, and actually a bit longer. So 1.7 seconds can be used for te in Appendix B
when the drag force theory is used to calculate the theoretical terminal velocity of an
ice particle being accelerated by an attitude-adjustor rocket. As I show there, this

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 539, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(H3)
› we must
(H4)
7.4 sec-
chose an
i for the
3 pixels
›n (H4)
effect,
• view-
ter the
(H5)
he re-
• final
"ve in
iply a
s that
5 (or
bject
г 1.7
lix
B
»f
an
this
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
133
Horizontal Velocity, Main Object, Corrected Curve Fit
0.0
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
Time, Seconds
Fig. HS. Horizontal velocity of the main object after the curve fit correction.
400
Vertical Position, Main Object, Smoothed
395
390
385
380
375
370
Time, Seconds
Fig. H6. Vertical position of the main object, smoothed by averaging five cells.

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 424, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
134 JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES

6.5
8.0
5.5
§.0
4.5
4.0
3.5
3.0

Vertical Velocity, Main Object

2.5
2.0
1.5

1.0

Time, Seconds

: 6.5
* 6.0
fe 55 ;
4 3
- o 50 :
= 4.5 ;
ce “
an Fd
= c
: “a 3.5 : —|
= a
soi | | [ Vee :
a 3.0 ; YT SST
-_ ff Vy SAA
2 foi | | | Ty ep
| - +t | TT}?
1.0

3.0 35 4.0 4.5 5.0 2.5 6.0 6.5 7.0 7.5

Time, Seconds

Fig. H7. Vertical velocity of the main object from three seconds, including curve fit.

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2795, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
135
leads to a terminal velocity equal to 98% of the exhaust velocity of the rocket.
Actually, it is probably quite reasonable to expect that the object does reach a
terminal velocity, whether it is an ice particle or some kind of spacecraft. If it really
is an ice particle, it must reach a terminal velocity; if it is a spacecraft, we might
expect it to accelerate, then level off and continue at a constant speed. So our math-
ematical manipulations to make the curve level off are quite reasonable, no matter
what the object was.
But notice what our manipulations have led us to. We now have the x and y com-
ponents of the terminal velocity of the main object, in pixels per second, if it really
is an ice particle. To find the z component, we need the vertical position of the object
as a function of time. This curve is shown in Figure H6, and has been smoothed like
the curve in Figure H1, by averaging over five points. Notice that it is somewhat
noisier than the horizontal position curve, since the object doesn't rise nearly as
much as it moves left to right. I calculated the numerical derivative of the curve in
Figure H6 in the same way as for the horizontal component. That is, I took the fifth
point on either side to get the derivative. I didn't bother to fix the edges when the
object was at rest, since we will only be interested in the shape at later times. The
results are shown in Figure H7. The curve is a good deal noisier than the horizontal
one; but the general trend at later times is clear-the downturn occurs for this com-
ponent too. I curve fitted the data from 3.2 seconds on with the same formula used
for the horizontal component (i.e., a quadratic divided by a cubic), and got the fol-
lowing values for the constants: a = 27.313, b = 9.237, c = 3.666, d = 9.646, e
= 0.789, f = -0.324, g = 0.309. The curve fit is shown over the vertical numeri-
cal derivative in Figure H8.
The z component of the velocity follows from the second equation relating spheri-
cal and Cartesian coordinates:
Vzo = (Vx / r) cose coso - (Vy / r) cose sino + (Vzr/ r) sine
(H6)
We already know Vr / r1 and vyr / r1. I chose t = 7.4 seconds again, since we know
ф there (0 = 85.96 + 0.17°). This means that r = r2 in equation (H6). Inserting the
values of the above constants and t = 7.4 seconds into the curve fit,
[z(t) = (a + bt + cr) / (d + et + fi + 813),
we get zo = 2.41. 0 follows from the equation
e = 90° + tan-' [(266 ‡ 1 - 396.5 + 0.5) / yo]
e = 83.76 + 0.22°,
where 266 is the z coordinate of the middle of the picture, and 396.5 is the z coordi-
nate of the main object at t = 7.4 seconds. From above,
T2 = P1/ (Sino - (Vy / V) cos¢)].
When all of these are inserted into equation (H6), Var / ry is calculated to be 11.58 +
. *.
........

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1854, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
136
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
0.73 pixels/second. To summarize, then, the three velocity components of the main
object after it reaches terminal velocity are
Vs/ P1 = 31.33 = Vxc / r1
Vy: / F1 = 77.32 + 3.34 = Vyc / P1
Vzr / 1 = 11.58 ‡ 0.73 = Vzc / 11
where I have introduced the c subscript because these components are in the frame
of reference of the camera. The uncertainty is due to possible error in the measure-
ment and calculation of 0 and p. To switch to the Shuttle's frame of reference (see
Appendix D) we must use the equations for rotation about the x axis:
VxS = Vx = Vxc
(ба)
Vys = Vy = Vyc COSec - Vze Sinoc
Vzs = Vz = Vyc Sinoc + Vzc COSOc
(Dбc)
Using 0c = 46.04 ÷ 0.29° (see Appendix A), we have, finally, the three components
in the frame of reference of the Shuttle, rounded off to the proper significant figures:
Vx/ 71 = 31.3
(H7a)
Vy / r1 = 45.3 = 3.2
Vz/ r1 = 63.7 ‡ 3.2
(H7c)
APPENDIX I.
THE ACTUAL LOCATION OF THE ICE PARTICLE,
AND THE VELOCITY COMPONENTS IN FEET PER SECOND
The values of the three velocity components of the main object, in pixels per
second in the Shuttle's frame of reference, as just shown in Appendix H, are
Vx/ 1 = 31.3, Vy/ r1 = 45.3 + 3.2,
vz/ r1 = 63.7 ‡ 3.2.
The 1 factors refer to uncertainty due to angle measurements. Once the three
terminal-velocity components of an object initially at rest have been calculated, in
pixels per second, the actual location of the object can be determined, if it truly is an
ice particle. This is done in the following way.
If we draw a line from the camera in the direction of the object, and extend it out
to near the horizon, then we know that the object lies somewhere on that line. If we
select the booster rocket that is most likely to be responsible for accelerating the
object and draw a line from this rocket in the direction of the terminal velocity, then

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1491, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
f the main
the frame
measure-
ence (see
(D6b)
(D6c)
ponents
: figures:
(H7a)
(H7b)
(H7c)
els per
e three
¡ted, in
ly is an
1 it out
. If we
ng the
Y, then
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
137
Object Somewhere
Along This Line-
Direction of Final Velocity
Location of Object
Attitude
Adjustor
Rocket
do po
a
TOP VIEW
Camera
Fig. I1. Location of the object at the intersection of the line-of-sight
and exhaust-velocity vectors.
the point of intersection of this line with the other one is the location of the object
if it is an ice particle.
One way of finding this point is to first consider only the x-y plane; that is, to
consider what one would see when looking straight down from above the Shuttle.
This is shown in Figure I1. Notice that the positions of the camera, the booster
rocket, and the object are at the corners of the triangle. The distances a and b are
known, since their locations on the Shuttle are known. The angle do is calculated by
finding the position of the object relative to the center of the picture. Oa and 0,
follow from the relationships
tanta = b/ a,
tane, = Vx / Vy
The distance do follows from the law of sines:
sin(7 / 2 - 0, + 0a) / do = sin(0, + Фо) / (a? + 62) /½
(I1)
Once do has been calculated, the x and y coordinates of the object with respect to the
camera, x, and Yo, are given by
xo = -do singo.
Yo = do cosoo
The third coordinate, Zo, is calculated (see Figure I2) by using yo and the angle that
Z, and yo make with the camera:
tan (Oc + 00) = 2o Yo

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 1113, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
138
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
°6 + 00
Zo
Fig. I2. Triangle from which the z coordi-
nate of the object with respect to the camera
can be calculated.
Thus, putting all three components together,
*o = -d, sindo
(I2a)
Yo = do cospo
(12b)
Zo = % tan(Đc + 00) = do coso, tan(0c + 00)
If we denote by c the distance that the adjustor rocket is below the camera in the z
direction, then the coordinates of the "ice particle" with respect to the rocket are
X- = a + Xo
(I2c)
(L3a)
Ур = Yo - b
(I3b)
Zp = 2o + ął
(1Зc)
where a, b, and c are all positive quantities. Since the camera and the vernier adjustor
rocket were on the same level on the z axis, c = O. The values used to calculate the
coordinates with respect to the camera and the rocket were (again, I have used too
many significant figures here, rounding off at the end of the calculations):
a = 21.0 ÷ 0.1 feet, b = 17.8 ‡ 0.1 feet,
c = 0.0 + 0.1 feet
Yo = 1195.28 + 28.83 pixels (see Appendix A)
Ф = tan -1 [(306 ‡ 1 - 233 + 0.5) / yo]
Ф = 3.50 ÷ 0.16°
0o = tan [(374 ‡ 1 - 266 = 1) / yo]
Đ0 = 5.17 + 0.22°
Đa = tan-1 [(17.8 ‡ 0.1) / (21.0 # 0.1)] = 40.3 ‡ 0.3°

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 2092, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
coordi-
• camera
(12a)
(12b)
(12c)
in the z
et are
(13a)
(13b)
(13c)
Jjustor
ate the
ed too
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
139
0, = tan - [31.3 / (45.3 = 3.2)] = 34.73 ‡ 1.90°
do = 44.37 + 2.09
Also, as shown in Appendix A, 0c = 46.04 + 0.29°. When these values are inserted
into (12a), (12b), and (12c), and then used with thèse equations in (Ia), (13b), and
(LBc), we get
xo = -2.7 + 0.3 feet,
Yo = 44.3 + 2.1 feet,
2g = 55.2 + 3.6 feet,
Xp = 18.3 = 0.4 feet,
Yr = 26.5 = 2.2 feet,
Zr = 55.2 + 3.7 feet
Squaring components, adding, and taking the square root, we get
To = 70.8 ‡ 4.2 feet,
rp = 63.9 + 4.3 feet
for the distances the "ice particle" would be from the camera and rocket, respec-
tively, when it begins to accelerate.
To find the actual velocity components of the main object in feet per second, we
recall that vx, in pixels per second, was found from the horizontal-velocity compo-
nent on the videotape at = 90°. In other words, Vx = Yxo there. The angular width
of the pixel at this location is
tan-1 (1 / yo) = 0.047963 ‡ 0.001157°
Thus the angular velocity in the x direction at this location is
@ = (0.047963 = 0.001157°) × 31.3 = 1.501 = 0.036° / second.
Multiplying this by rt / 180, we get
@ = 0.0262 ‡ 0.0006 radians /second.
We must now find out how far the object would have been from the camera at o =
90°. Sincex = 0 at this point, the x coordinate would be shifted Ax = 2.7 = 0.3 feet
to the right of where the object began to accelerate. The shifts in they and z direc-
tions follow from vy / Vx = 4y / Ax and v½ / Vx = Az / 4x:
4y = (vy / vx) Ax = [(45.3 + 3.2) / 31.3] (2.7 = 0.3)
Az = (V½ / Vx) Ax = [(63.7 ‡ 3.2) / 31.3] (2.7 = 0.3)
or 4y = 3.9 = 0.8 and Az = 5.5 + 0.9. Adding these to yo and Zo, we get, for the
coordinates at 4 = 90°,
×1 = 0.0 = 0.3 feet, 1 = 48.2 ‡ 2.9 feet,
z1 = 60.7 + 4.5 feet
Squaring each, adding, and taking the square root, we get, finally, a value of r1 =
77.5 ‡ 5.3 feet for the distance to the "ice particle" at = 90°. Multiply ry by the w
given above to find v, in feet per second. Then the true vy and v, can be calculated by

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2449, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
140
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
multiplying this v, by the ratio of the components in pixels per second:
Vy (ft/sec) = V¼ (45.3 + 3.2) / 31.3, ½ = Vx (63.7 = 3.2) / 31.3
The final results are
Vx = 2.0 = 0.2 ft/sec, Vy = 3.0 ‡ 0.5 ft/sec, v½ = 4.1 = 0.6 ft/sec.
Squaring these components and taking the square root leads to the magnitude of the
*ice particle's" terminal velocity, v = 5.5 ‡ 0.8 ft/sec.
APPENDIX J.
IDENTIFYING THE SHUTTLE'S ATTITUDE-ADJUSTOR ROCKETS
THAT COULD HAVE ACCELERATED THE ICE PARTICLES"
The Shuttle has a total of forty-four attitude-adjustor rockets. Of these, thirty-
eight are main adjustors, and the remaining six are verniers. The purpose of the main
rockets is to cause significant changes in the orientation of the Shuttle, and so they
are more powerful (870 pounds of thrust). The vernier rockets are smaller (24 pounds
of thrust), and are designed to produce tiny corrections to keep the Shuttle from
rotating out of alignment as it orbits the Earth. The three general locations of the
adjustors are shown in Figure J1. Fourteen of the main adjustors are in the nose of
the Shuttle, while twelve are in each of the two rear pods. In addition, there are two
verniers in each of these three locations. As might be expected, the rockets fire in a
multitude of directions; so ice particles located practically anywhere around the
Shuttle could be pushed if the proper rockets would fire.
Since the thirty-eight main adjustors cause significant changes in the orientation
of the Shuttle, they could not have been responsible for accelerating the alleged ice
particles in the video. To prove this point I need the following table:
Rotation
Maneuver
Roll
+Pitch
-Pitch
Yaw
Table J1. Average Orbiter Acceleration (degrees/sec)
Normal
Low PRCS
PRCS
Forward
Aft
0.923
1.230
0.851
0.703
0.696
0.478
0.449
0.534
0.373
0.242
VROS
0.021
0.019
0.008
0.014
Table J1 lists the angular accelerations produced by the adjustor-rocket maneu-
vers, both main and vernier. The main adjustors are designated PRCS, and the verni-
ers are VRCS. The smallest of the main accelerations is 0.242° / second?. If the 400-
millisecond pulse had been produced by one of the main adjustors, the minimum
angular velocity produced by this maneuver would be 0.4 seconds × 0.242° / sec-
ond?, or 0.0968° / second. The Shuttle camera remains trained on the horizon for 65
seconds after the flash. Thus the angular rotation resulting from this angular veloc-

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 587, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sec.
le of the
thirty-
e main
o they
ounds
from
of the
›se of
₴ two
: in a
1 the
.tion
ice
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
141
RIMARY THRUSTER (14)
OXIDIZER
• ELECTRICAL
DISCONNECT
BRACKET
ACCESS
COVER
SERVICING
PANEL
FUEL TANK
PURGE AND
CHECKOUT PANEL
-HELIUM TANK
VERNIER THRUSTER (2)
RCS HELIUM
TANKS
ROS PROPELLANT
MANIFOLD VALVES
RCS FUEL
TANK
RES OXIDIZER
TANK
ROS
PRESSURIZATION
COMPONENTS
- VERNIER
THRUSTERS
12 PER AFT
PODI
PRIMARY
THRUSTERS
(12 PER AFT POD)
Fig. J1. The three locations of the Shuttle's attitude-adjustor rockets:
In the nose, and the two rear pods by the tail.

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1817, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
142
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Air Glow Before
Air Glow After
Fig. J2. The amount the air glow would have shifted if one of
the main adjustor rockets fired
ity would have been 0.0968° / second × 65 seconds, or 6.3°. As I show in Appendix
A, the horizontal viewing angle of the camera is about 32.1°. Thus, if the rocket
fired, for example, in such a way as to cause a left-right angular acceleration in the
picture, the horizon would have rotated 20% of the picture width during the 65-
second span (and more, if any other main maneuver took place). It obviously did not
do so; and so we must conclude that the flash could not have been caused by the
firing of one of the thirty-eight main attitude-adjustor rockets. Figure J2 shows what
a 6.3° left-right rotation would have looked like in the picture.
It might be objected that the orientation of the camera would probably have been
such that the rotation produced would not have been left or right in the picture. This
is correct; but the point is that the weakest maneuver of the main rockets would have
caused 6.3° of rotation, whether it was left-right, up-down, around an axis in the
center of the picture, or a combination of any of these three. 6.3 degrees of rotation
of any kind would have been clearly visible after the 65-second time span. Since it
wasn't, we can eliminate all thirty-eight of the main adjustors.
So we are left with just the six vernier rockets as possible candidates for acceler-
ating the alleged ice particles. The vernier rocket telemetry for the STS-48 mission
during this time period is listed in Appendix K, and indicates that three of these
verniers actually fired during the minute leading up to the acceleration of the main
object. I will now point out the locations of these three rockets, and the directions in
which they fire.

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1695, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
143
Fig. J3. Side view showing the direction the two front vernier rockets fire.
Figure J3 is a side view of the Shuttle showing the directions in which the two
front verniers, one on either side, fire. In the picture the second vernier would be
directly behind the first, firing down along the same line. The nearer vernier is FSL
(front-5-left), and the one directly behind it is F5R (front-5-right). Thave also marked
the location of the main object, and the direction it would have moved, if it truly was
an ice particle. F5L fired for 400 milliseconds; but it stopped firing about 49 seconds
before the main flash started and the main object accelerated. In addition, F5L fires
down and away from the action, and could not have pushed the objects in the direc-
tions that they moved. So we can eliminate F5L as the cause of the acceleration.
Figure J4 is a back view of the Shuttle, and shows the directions that the other four
verniers fire. The main object would have been in the upper left of the picture, as
shown. L5L (left-5-left) fires directly to the left, LSD (left-5-down) and RSD (right-
5-down) fire straight down; and R5R (right-5-right) fires directly to the right.
LSL did not fire during this time period, and so can be eliminated. LSD, RSD, and
R5R all fired. However, like F5L, R5R stopped firing about 49 seconds before the
main flash. In addition, in order to reach the main object the plume would have to
pass over the cargo bay, which by design cannot happen (NASA, 1981). For these
two reasons we can eliminate RSR. Thus the only two verniers that could have
accelerated the objects in the video were LSD and RSD, the two rockets firing

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1375, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
144
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Main Object
R5R
L5D
- R5D
Fig. J4. Back view showing the directions the four rear verniers fire.
straight down in Figure J4. They both stopped firing at precisely the same time, very
nearly at the moment the main object started to accelerate. LSD fired for 1.2 seconds,
and R5R fired for 1.68 seconds.
APPENDIX K.
THE ACTUAL TELEMETRY FOR THE VERNIER FIRINGS FROM FOURTEEN
MINUTES BEFORE UNTIL TEN MINUTES AFTER THE MAIN EVENT
Wieder (1995a) was kind enough to supply me with the telemetry of the vernier
rocket firings from 14 minutes before the main event until about 10 minutes after-
wards. The main flash occurred from very nearly 258:20:39:24.55 to 258:20:39:24.95.
The main object began accelerating at the end of the main flash. About 65 seconds
later, the TV camera was rotated down for 38 seconds until the side of the cargo bay
appeared. It then turned toward the front of the cargo bay and the picture stopped
There were no vernier firings from the end of the main flash until the camera stopped
broadcasting. Since vernier firings after this time are not of interest to us here, I will
omit them. The locations of the six verniers are shown in Appendix J. The four
firings that occurred during the minute just before the end of the main flash are in
boldface. For the sake of clarity I have omitted the 258:20: that begins each of the

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 1118, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ne, very
econds,
EN
ernier
after-
24.95.
conds
o bay
pped.
'pped
I will
four
re in
f the
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
145
times. NASA has added 0.04 seconds to the duration of some of the pulses that lasted
less than one second, in order to make them a multiple of 0.08.
Start Time
Stop Time
Duration, seconds
F5L FIRINGS
25:17.04
26:14.16
36:17.44
36:55.44
38:36.08
F5R FIRINGS
32:10.48
36:17.44
36:18.40
L5D FIRINGS
25:17.07
26:14.19
26:36.43
39:23.79
L5L FIRINGS
25:17.07
26:14.19
32:10.51
R5D FIRINGS
26:29.8zł
26:31.95
26:35.95
36:55.47
39:23.31
R5R FIRINGS
38:36.11
25:17.24
26:14:44
36:18.52
36:55.80
38:36.44
32:11.40
36:17.92
36:18.48
25:17.23
26:14.43
26:26.75
39:24.99
25:17.2ął
26:14.43
32:11.39
26:29.95
26:32.03
26:35.75
36:55.79
39:24.99
0.24
0.32
1.12
0.40
0.40
0.96
0.48
0.08
0.16
0.24
0.32
1.20
0.16
0.24
0.88
0.08
0.08
0.80
0.32
1.68
38:36.43
0.32
APPENDIX L. LETTERS
Responses from Rep. George E. Brown and NASA's Martin P. Kress stating that
the glowing objects were probably ice particles.
October 25, 1991
The Honorable Beverly B. Byron
2430 Raybur House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2375, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
146
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
Dear Ms. Byron:
Thank you for forwarding to me the letter and video tape that was sent to you by
your constituent Mr. Vincent DiPietro. As you recall, these materials depict events
filmed during the STS-48 mission of the Space Shuttle which Mr. DiPietro thought
were "curious."
I asked my staff to review carefully the materials as you requested. I might add
that my staff has accumulated a great deal of experience in these matters and would
be happy to meet with you or Mr. DiPietro.
My staff tells me that the objects that Mr. DiPietro observed are probably ice
crystals. Each day the Space Shuttle dumps overboard a significant volume of waste
water. This water forms crystals that travel along with the Shuttle. When lighting
conditions are proper, these crystals can be seen floating by in various directions.
This is a phenomenon that is regularly seen on all Shuttle flights.
At one point of Mr. DiPietro's "Event #2," he notes that several of these objects
make a radical change in direction in response to a flash that occurs to the left of the
TV screen. This flash was most likely the firing of an attitude control rocket on the
Orbiter-these firings are normally in the form of very short bursts which appear (as
it does on the DiPietro video) as a bright flash. In response to this firing, the ice
crystals that are in the path of the rocket's exhaust are propelled rapidly in a direc-
tion opposite the flash.
As I noted earlier, these are common events that occur on all missions of the Space
Shuttle. This no doubt accounts for the lack of attention by the astronauts and every-
one in Mission Control to the events noted by Mr. DiPietro even though it is clear
that the astronauts were looking in the direction of the camera and ground control-
lers were watching the transmissions from the camera.
I am confident that when NASA responds to your request their conclusions will be
similar, if not much more detailed.
Thank you again for contacting me about this concern of your constituent.
Sincerely,
(Signed) GEORGE E. BROWN, JR.
Chairman
November 22, 1991
The Honorable Helen Delich Bentley
House of Representatives
Washington, DC 20515
Dear Ms. Bentley:'
Thank you for your October 22, 1991, letter on behalf of Mr. Donald B. Ratsch
concerning unusual events that he observed in videotapes of the STS-48 Space Shuttle
mission.

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 3574, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: to you by
pict events
-o thought
night add
nd would
bably ice
of waste
lighting
ections.
* objects
•It of the
:t on the
pear (as
the ice
1 direc-
: Space
every-
s clear
›ntrol-
vill be
sch
ttle
KASHER: SHUTTLE FLIGHT STS-48
147
The Johnson Space Center (JSC), which is responsible for official videotapes of
all manned missions, has informed us that a team of scientists reviewed the video-
tapes in question. The team, Dr. Andrew Potter, Chief, Space Science Branch; Dr.
David Pitts, Chief, Flight Science Support Office; Dr; Karl Henize, astronomer and
former astronaut; and, Mr. Mark Mulrooney, staff astronomer, Lockheed Engineer-
ing and Sciences Co., looked at all the video sequences flagged by Mr. Ratsch and
found his description of the events to be accurate. However, they do not agree with
his interpretation that they represent UFOS.
By way of background, manned vehicles in space are constantly surrounded by
particles that are dislodged from the spacecraft. John Glenn saw them in his first
orbital flight, when he observed what he called "fireflies," which appeared just be-
fore sunrise, and could be produced by a sharp blow to the wall of his capsule. These
were particles of ice that were dislodged from the surface of the spacecraft, and were
floating in space beside the spacecraft. When the Sun illuminated them, they ap-
peared to glow with an inner light. Similar particles of various kinds surround the
Shuttle orbiter. These include ice from water dumps, oxygen ice from residual liquid
oxygen, and dust from the payload bay. Similar to John Glenn's observation, these
particles are generally invisible until illuminated by the Sun against a dark back-
ground, either the sky in space, or the Earth's surface at night. Then, these particles
are clearly visible. They can move in many different ways, depending on their initial
trajectory, and the forces on them from gas jets of the attitude thrusters and water
dumps. With these factors in mind, the team reviewed the video sequences pointed
out by Mr. Ratsch.
Event 1: September 13, 1991, at 03:39-04:10 Greenwich mean time (GMT): This
sequence shows objects moving in the field of view that are typical of orbiter-gener-
ated debris illuminated by the Sun. We believe that the brightest object in this field is
a fragment of oxygen ice.
Event 2: September 15, 1991, 20:30-20:45 GMT: At this time, the spacecraft was
flying over the darkened Earth, but was itself in sunlight. The objects seen are or-
biter-generated debris, illuminated by the Sun. As noted in Mr. Ratsch's account,
there is a flicker of light on the screen, following which, the particles abruptly
change course. The flicker of light is the result of firing of the attitude thrusters on
the orbiter, and the abrupt motions of the particles result from the impact of gas jets
from the thrusters.
Event 3: September 16, 1991, 08:40-19:10 GMT: In this case, the orbiter was on
the dayside of the Earth, but the cameras were pointed to dark space. Consequently,
the orbiter-generated debris is visible by scattered sunlight against the dark sky. The
particles describe abrupt motions in different directions, just as Mr. Ratsch described.
Thruster firings caused these motions, just as in Event 2.
Event 4: September 15, 1991, 19:00-19:10 GMT: As before, the orbiter was on
the dayside of the Earth, and the cameras were pointed to dark space. Two bright
objects are visible, which appear to oscillate, but more likely are just spinning slowly.
Faint, fast-moving objects cross the screen. Again, these are orbiter-generated de-

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1491, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
148
JOURNAL OF UFO STUDIES
bris that are only a short distance from the camera. The video recorder was switched
from one camera to another at the instant that one small particle appeared to contact
one of the bright objects. The field brightness increased abruptly at this instant be-
cause the other camera was subject to scattered sunlight at its location.
In summary, we explain all the observations reported by Mr. Ratsch as orbiter-
generated debris illuminated by the Sun against a dark background, either the dark
sky or the dark Earth before sunrise or after sunset. The particles move as a result of
whatever force dislodged them from the orbiter, and as a result of forces from thruster
firings or water dumps. They are close to the spacecraft, so that motions of only a
few feet per second appear to be very fast motions if the objects are believed to be
distant.
NASA does not destroy the tapes from any of the manned missions. These video-
tapes are archived, and are available for inspection and research. If Mr. Ratsch wishes,
he can find many hours of observations of orbiter-generated debris on every mission
that has been flown with the appropriate video camera coverage. Mr. John E. Riley,
Chief, Media Services, may be contacted by anyone wishing to review the tapes at
(713) 483-1111.
Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.
Sincerely,
(Signed) Martin P. Kress
Assistant Administrator for Legislative Affairs
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
