{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:28:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 662395, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123284-witness-10651-united-states-foundation-for-ufo-research-executive-summary.pdf", "source_sha256": "c59dd1dbba0835af6f7a80cf4026899fa881992a226ef9593c1b637e391fcf23"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 327, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
——- ee '-— i |

Foundation for UFO Research

Executive Summary

UNIVERSITY OF THE STARS™

An Educational, Research, and
Cultural Institute Dedicated to the
Study and Understanding of
Extraterrestrial Life
Throughout the Universe

Copyright 1997. Foundation for UFO Research. All Rights Reserved. Proprietary and Confidential.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 2008, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Planned Project: UNIVERSITY OF THE STARS™ - An Educational,
Research and Cultural Institute Dedicated to the Study and Understanding of
Extraterrestrial Life Throughout the Universe
Market Opportunity/Structural Analysis:
There is an incredible yearning by people around
the world who are thirsty for information on the
possibility of life in outer space. At no other time
in the modern 20th century has there been such a
great interest in this topic. And currently no
institution of higher learning addresses this
information from this perspective.
Mission/Competitive Strategy: To create an exciting educational complex, positioned
as the premier nexus point of higher education, dedicated to the study of extraterrestrial
life and civilizations throughout the universe.
As a dynamic and focused information
repository, it then disseminates this new extraterrestrial knowledge to Earth's people, and
educational systems.
Focus/Benefits: For the thousands, even millions, of people from around the world who
have ever dreamed of learning about extraterrestrial life - learning through the
UNIVERSITY OF THE STARS™ will be a total immersion in their dream. No place
else in the world will people find a focus dedicated to the study of extraterrestrial life - a
study that is challenging, stimulating, educational and enjoyable.
• The UNIVERSITY OF THE STARS™ acquires,
researches, studies and analyses extraterrestrial
information - resulting in an
extensive
extraterrestrial knowledge repository.
•
Develops, and distributes,
curriculums
and
knowledge packages, for educational institutions
world wide
• Educates Earth's scholars, teachers and diplomats.
• Hosts guest scholars, teachers, and diplomats from earth, and other star systems, to
educate earth people about the various societies, cultures, sciences and technologies
throughout the universe.
Serves the individual, business, industry and government.
Copyright 1997. Foundation for UFO Research. All Rights Reserved. Proprietary and Confidential.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2453, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• This approach will help foster a greater understanding of various extraterrestrial
civilizations, cultures, and life forms, as earth societies someday soon prepare to join
a greater universal community of planets and civilizations.
General Description/Major Components: As a major part of this educational complex,
an Extraterrestrial Culture Center will incorporate a museum, and library, for collections,
artifacts, and exhibitions.
Advanced digital multi-media entertainment technologies will be used in educational
applications for accelerated learning and comprehension. Combined with the use of
immersive environments, people will have very vivid and memorable learning
experiences.
• Extraterrestrial Culture Center: museum for special collections, artifacts, and
exhibitions research, paper and electronic library, auditorium, amphitheater
• Educational Center: teaching, classroom facilities and cirriculum development
• Conference Center: conference, seminar, meeting and teaching facilities
• Business and Trade Mission Center: extraterrestrial technology, industry, trade and
commerce pavilion
• Media and Communications Center: television, radio, motion picture and video
production studios, satellite uplink capabilities
• Living Center: Hotel, casitas, health spa, restaurant
Location: Tucson, Arizona
Phase I, Planned Opening Date: Fall Semester 1999
Physical Size: 300+- acres, depending on land use research and finalized masterplan.
Semjase, of the Pleiades, is known to have said, "..If everyone
on earth works together, you could be where we are in 300 years."
HYBBIOS
grey
The UNIVERSITY OF THE STARS™ can help prepare Earth's
people for a broader universal consciousness, so that we can
become fellow citizens of the universe. It can help facilitate the
shift from that of a competitive society to one whose races,
cultures, and people work, live and join together in harmony. It
can encompass a system based upon spiritual equality and the
healthy recognition of the self worth of each being. It can help
bring about a new consciousness, a new people, and a new world.
Agit weings
As Robert O. Dean, noted extraterrestrial researcher and scholar
is known for saying, "
... we can start thinking of ourselves as one
race, one people, from one little tiny planet... and we must go into
the 21st century, and the universe, together."
Copyright 1997. Foundation for UFO Research. All Rights Reserved. Proprietary and Confidential.
