{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T07:04:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 17, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2521703, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123292-alfred-webre-united-states.pdf", "source_sha256": "57e34c10503f7e57e4ec5d3a4ce4ab554a2a7c5e34fbfa7a30543a26efa6164e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 1041, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ACADEMIC EDUCATION
2000-2001
1995
1993-97
1967-68
1964-67
1960-64
1957-60
The Writing Centre
University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC
Harvard School of Public Health, Boston, Massachusetts
Certificate, Managing Ambulatory Health Care for Physicians in
Community Health Centers
University of Texas at Brownsville
Master of Education in Counseling
Fulbright Scholar, Montevideo, Uruguay
Economic Integration
Yale Law School, New Haven, Connecticut
Juris Doctor, International Law
Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut
Bachelor of Science, Industrial Administration Honors
Georgetown Preparatory School, Garrett Park, Md.
Honors Graduate in Classics
BOOKS
Books by
--
The Age of Cataclysm. (New York: GP Putnam's Sons 1974);
(New York: Berkeley Medallion 1975); (Capricorn Books, 1975);
(Tokyo: Ugaku Sha 1975)
The Levesque Cases, (Ontario: PSP Books, 1990)
Earth Changes: A Spiritual Approach. (Universebooks.com, 2001)
Recovery: A Personal Journey, (Universebooks.com, 2001)
Exopolitics: A Decade of Contact, (Universebooks.com, 2001)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1631, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1996
1993
1965-67
1993-98
1997-98
1999-2001
1996-97
1993-97
1996-98
ACADEMIC TEACHING EXPERIENCE
University of Texas at Brownsville
Multicultural Counseling Module, Dr. Alma Leal
Multi-Cultural Counseling, Education Department
University of Texas at Brownsville
Adjunct Faculty Member
Constitutional Law: Civil Liberties
Government Department
Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut
Assistant in Instruction, Economics Department
US Federal Taxation
HEALTH CARE ADMINISTRATION
BROWNSVILLE COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER, Brownsville, Texas
Federally qualified health center providing 90,000 indigent health care
encounters annually in lower Rio Grande Valley.
Position: Deputy Director
Responsibilities: Deputy CEO exercising administrative authority over $10
million annual budget, 14 health care providers and 100 support staff;
development of regional integrated service networks and managed care.
VALLEY PRIMARY CARE NETWORK
Position: Coordinator
Responsibilities: Development of an integrated services network among
primary health care providers in the lower Rio Grande Valley.
MENTAL HEALTH COUNSELING EXPERIENCE
Aboriginal Healing Foundation - Project Development
Guni's Tsi Nedzedundeli' - The Kaska Project
Multi-year traditional and Western psychotherapy healing project
Kaska First Nation, Watson Lake, Yukon.
University of Texas at Brownsville, M.Ed (Counseling) Program
Practicum I and Practicum Il, supervised psychotherapy with adult
clients.
Counselor and facilitator - support group for adults with
mood disorders. NDMDA, Brownsville, Texas.
Member, Board of Directors, Texas Depressive and Manic Depressive Association.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1859, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-
3
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
A. CLEARY, GOTTLIEB, STEEN & HAMILTON
Position: Associate, New York, N.Y.
Responsibilities: International finance, tax, and litigation practice for
Investment banking, corporate, and public sector clients.
Dates: 1968-70
B. NYC ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ADMINISTRATION, New York
Position: General Counsel and Assistant Administrator
Responsibilities: Design and enforcement of environmental standards for
air, water, and noise pollution, and solid waste management. Enforcement
and contract approval for constituent agencies: Water Resources,
Sanitation, Air Resources, Noise Abatement, Environmental Control Board.
Line authority over 25 attorneys and professional staff.
Dates: 1970-73
C. FORD FOUNDATION, New York City
Position: Consultant, Resources and Environment
Responsibilities: Evaluation and program recommendations in public
interest environmental law program for grantees including Natural
Resources Defense Council and Environmental Defense Fund.
Dates: 1973-76
D. STANFORD RESEARCH INSTITUTE (SRI International), Menlo Park, California
Position: Futurist, Center for the Study of Social Policy
Responsibilities: Studies in alternative futures, innovation diffusion, and
social policy applications for clients including:
1977 Carter White House Non-terrestrial Study,
National Science Foundation, U.S. Congress (Office of Technology Assessment),
U.S. Department of Energy, and State-of California (Energy Plan).
Dates: 1977-78
E. NEW YORK STATE LEGISLATIVE INSTITUTE, New York
Responsibilities: Public policy studies and legislative initiatives for
New York State Legislature; Development of Graduate School of
Dates: 1983-87
F. LEGAL ACCESS WORLDWIDE (L.A.W.), INC. New York, N.Y. and Ontario,
Canada
Position: President
Responsibilities: International legal access and litigation management firm
Dates: 1986-1990

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 1338, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2000
Presenter, Presidential Forum on Non-Terrestrial Policy, Santa Clara Convention
Center, CA.
1996-2001
Public Participant, Joint Public Affairs Committee, Commission for Environmental
Cooperation (CEC), Montreal, Quebec, Canada
1997-98
1996
1986-87
Member, Audubon Sabal Palms Wildlife Sanctuary, Rio Grande Valley, Texas, USA
Elected Delegate, Texas Democratic Presidential Convention, Dallas, Texas
WBAI-FM - New York, Pacifica Network
Co-Producer/host of live public affairs radio programming
Moscow-New York Live/New Age Radio/Radio en Espanol/Politics: Talk Show
CoProducer & Host of Instant of Cooperation, first radio broadcast between
USA and Soviet Union, carried live by Gosteleradio and NPR satellite.
1982-87
Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) Delegate
United Nations, New York, USA
Communications Coordination Committee for the UN
UNISPACE Conference (Vienna)
UN Second Special Session on Disarmament
1980-82
Member ate rolfonia, Usacy Taskforce on Earthquake Preparedness,
1974-78
Co-Director, Assassination Information Bureau, Washington, DC, USA
Public interest counter intelligence
Public interest research - House Select Committee on Assassinations
Attorney at Law: Member, District of Columbia Bar - #412541, Washington, DC, USA
LANGUAGES: BiCultural in English and Spanish; working French
COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1738, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Universebooks.com
EcoNews Service
AUTHOR
JD, MEd brings to his work
credentials as a futurist at Stanford Research Institute, studying
extraterrestrial communication in conjunction with the National Science
Foundation and the Carter White House. His context communication
theory of extraterrestrial intervention was first introduced in his earlier
book The Age of Cataclysm, (New York: GP Putnam's Sons 1974); (New
York: Berkeley Medallion 1975); (Capricom Books, 1975); (Tokyo: Ugaku
Sha 1975). Webre is a science journalist who is frequently consulted by
national and international media on cometary and near space issues. In
the summer of 1999, Webre appeared on over 60 media programs in the
United States and elsewhere on issues of near space catastrophe. A
recent book is a work of futuristic political journalism, The Levesque
Cases, (Ontario: PSP Books, 1990).
A Fulbright Scholar, graduate of Yale University, Yale Law School (where
he was Yale Law School National Scholar) and the University of Texas
Counseling Program, Alfred Webre has been an Environmental lawyer,
Futurist, University teacher, Author, Radio talk show host, Community
health and social activist. He has taught at Yale University and the
University of Texas. Webre has been a Non Governmental Delegate to the
United Nations, as well as a delegate to the Texas Democratic
Convention. Webre resides in Vancouver, BC with his wife, Dr. Geri
DeStefano-Webre, a psychotherapist and psychic with Global Psychics.
Webre serves as Editor of EcoNews Service, Vancouver, BC:
http://www.ecologynews.com
His most recent books, available through UniverseBooks.com, include:
EXOPOLITICS: A DECADE OF CONTACT
EARTH CHANGES: A Spiritual Approach
RECOVERY: A Personal Journey

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 663, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Universebooks.com
EcoNews Service
February 5, 2001
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
-
Heven
Dear Steven:
I am enclosing a copy of my affidavit to the CSET Disclosure Project regarding the
1977 Carter White House study, together with some personal background
information.
As we discussed, please feel free to include the affidavit as part of the Disclosure
Project presentation.
I am preparing a series of pre-briefing recommendations, and will be in touch shortly.
I am also starting to free up my schedule so as to be able to be in Washington, DC
during some part of the pre-briefing period.
Please let me know of any other information that would be useful.
Best wishes,
-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1782, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Affidavit of
SWORN AFFIDAVIT
p affirm and swear the following to be true and
factual:
1. My name is
I was born
at the US
Naval Air Base, Pensacola, Florida. My present address is
hold a Bachelor of Science degree from
Yale University, 1964. I hold a Juris Doctor degree from Yale Law School, 1967.
I hold a Master of Education in Counseling from the University of Texas at
Brownsville, 1997. I am a member of the Bar of the District of Columbia.
2. 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study - As Senior
Policy Analyst at the Center for the Study of Social Policy at Stanford Research
Institute (now "SRI International"
", Menlo Park, California), I was Principal
Investigator for a proposed civilian scientific study of Extraterrestrial
communication. This Study presented to and approved by appropriate White
House staff of President Jimmy Carter, during the period May 1977 until its
unlawful termination of contract research on or about September 1977.
3. At the time of such unlawful termination, the Proposal for the 1977 Carter
White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study had been approved for
implementation by the management of Stanford Research Institute, and by
appropriate White House Domestic Policy staff. On information and belief, the
1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study was also
pending review by James Fletcher, the Administrator of NASA in or about
September 1977.
PERSONS WITH DIRECT AND PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF THE 1977
CARTER WHITE HOUSE EXTRATERRESTRIAL COMMUNICATION STUDY
4. On information and belief, the persons, together with their then positions,
having direct personal knowledge of the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study include at least the following:
1

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 2220, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A.
institute for the Future, Palo Alto, Ca. Position in Study:
B.
C.
Scientific Investigator
Chairman, Dept of Physics, Stanford University. Position in
Study: Scientific Adviser.
Supervisor, Center for the Study of Social Policy, Stanford
Researen institute. Position in Study: Line Supervisor
D.
Senior Policy Analyst, Center for the Study of Social Policy,
Stanford Research Institute. Position in Study: Policy Adviser. Present
position: Chairman, Global Business Network
E.
Senior Policy Analyst, Center for the Study of Social Policy,
Stantord Research Institute. Adviser. Deceased.
African American), Senior administrative official, Stanford
Research Institute. Position in Study: Internal administration of Study.
G. .
SRI-Pentagon Liaison Officer, Washington, DC. Position in
Study: Terminates 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication
Study through unlawful interference with contract, in or about September 1977.
H.
Administrator, National Aeronautic and Space Administration
(NASA). Position in Study: Contract review of Proposal. NASA Administrator
has copy of proposal and orders staff review in or about September 1977.
l.
Staff member, White House Domestic Policy Staff, Washington,
DC. Position in Study: White House Liaison contract officer for Study, who
reviewed and approved 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication
Study during period May 1977 to September 1977.
DESCRIPTION OF UNLAWFUL TERMINATION OF 1977 CARTER WHITE
HOUSE EXTRATERRESTRIAL COMMUNICATION STUDY.
5. During the period May, 1977 until the unlawful termination of the Study in
September, 1977, I met at the Executive Office Building, White House
approximately every 20 days with appropriate White House staff to review and
secure contract research approval of the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study. On information and belief, my signature is
recorded with the security gate of the Executive office building for each such visit.
The only other occasion on which I have accessed the Executive office building
and signed in at the Security Gate was in 1988, when handling a legal matter on
behalf of a client who had brought legal action for acts of President George HW
Bush, Sr.
2

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2881, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6. During the period May to September, 1977, I presented verbal briefings, a
written outline, and a written proposal for the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study to the appropriate White House staff
member
The purpose of such presentations and proposal was to
secure sole-source contract research approval from the White House, as well as
to facilitate contract relations with the Study's proposed contracting agencies,
NASA and National Science Foundation. Such presentations included the
proposed Study as a collaborative effort of the National Science Foundation,
NASA (National Aeronautic and Space Administration), Stanford Research
Institute and the White House Science Advisor's Office and Domestic Policy
Staff.
7. An outline and overview of the proposal for the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study is set out in Appendix | hereof. During the
May 1977 - September 1977 period, such proposal was, on information and
belief, in the possession of White House staff members of the Domestic Policy
Staff and of the White House Science Advisers Office, in addition to White House
staff member
The 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study was designed as a major, civilian, scientific, multi-
disciplinary study of the phenomena, with a duration of at least three (3) years.
8. The proposal for the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study was prepared with the direct, personal assistance of
and
both then expert scientists in the field.
personally handed a version of the preliminary proposal to me on
the morning of my airplane flight from Palo Alto, Ca. to Washington, DC in or
about September 1977 to meet with White House staff on contract research
approval of the proposal.
9. At a meeting in or about September 1977,
of the White House
Domestic Policy Staff approved in principle the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study as a sole source contract research project.
Jane Doe also approved my representing to officials of the Study's cooperating
agencies - National Science Foundation and NASA - that the White House had
approved the Study for application for sole source funding. On information and
belief, Jane Doe had authority to make such determination, and communicated
such determination to appropriate personnel within the White House Domestic
Policy staff and White House Science Adviser's office.
10. On information and belief, copies of the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study proposal are on file in the office archives of
the NASA Administrator, and/or personal archives of the former Administrator.
On information and belief, copies of 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study proposal may be on file in archives of the White House
Science Adviser, White House Domestic Policy Council, at the Carter
3

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2688, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Presidential Library or elsewhere. On information and belief, copies of the 1977
Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study proposal may be in
the files of SRI International or former SRI personnel, Study investigator Jacques
Vallee, and Study adviser Peter Sturrock.
11. Following the September, 1977 meeting at which White House Domestic
Policy staff approved the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study, I returned to SRI Headquarters in Palo Alto, Ca., and was
directed to attend a meeting with
an African American senior
administrative officer of SRI. Also present at the meeting was Peter Schwartz,
SRI policy adviser to the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study.
stated to me that in a few minutes John Doe2,
SRI-Pentagon liaison would be joining the meeting. John Doe indicated that
John Doe2 had stated that SRI's research contracts with the Pentagon would be
jeopardized if SRI went forward with the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study.
stated that the Study was hereby being
terminated and advised me, in his words, to "dissimulate" any negative reaction I
might have.
12.
entered the meeting, and stated to me that he had been
personally informed by Pentagon officials that SRI's research contracts would be
terminated by the Department of Defense if SRI proceeded with the 1977 Carter
White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study. John Doe then stated that
the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study was being
terminated "because there are no UFOs."
13. I vociferously confronted
and verbally presented evidence for the
extraterrestrial presence and the UFO phenomena. At the end of the meeting,
John Doe and John Doe2 verbally decided that the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study was immediately terminated. Both these
persons were fully aware of the prior approval by the White House staff of the
Study. On information and belief, SRI does not in practice terminate contract
research with US government agencies after prior approval by the White House.
14. The evening of this meeting with
le and
SRI staff
member Peter Schwartz, who was present at the meeting, telephoned me at
home and acknowledged my confrontation with
earlier that day.
15. Starting in or about September, 1977, following termination of the 1977 Carter
White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study, I was personally subjected to
electronic and chemical intrusions on my person which bear the same
symptomology and electronic signature as those ascribed to non-lethal "mind
control" electronic and chemical weapons of the MKULTRA ("Mind Kontrol
ULTRA") program.
•
4

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2251, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16. During this time period, I was the target of three separate intrusions of such
non-lethal weapons, two of which occurred with coordinated ground weapon's
personnel.
17. Such three intrusions occurred at the Pentagon, in New Orleans, Louisiana
prior to a meeting with Judge
at the New Orleans Athletic Club, and
at the grounds of Stanford Research Institute at Palo Alto, Ca. As a result of
such advanced non-lethal weapons intrusions, I was hospitalized for health
reasons, forced to take a health-related leave of absence, and to resign from my
position at SRI on health grounds.
18. On information and belief, I suffered adverse health effects from such non-
lethal weapons attacks as were described in testimony before a US Senate
Committee and other Congressional committees regarding the MKULTRA non-
lethal weapons program of the US Central Intelligence Agency and other
intelligence entities.
19. On information and belief, such non-lethal weapons intrusions against me
were carried out as part of MKULTRA or related programs, at the direction of
personnel of the US intelligence agencies, or surrogates thereof, for the purpose
of deterring me from pursuing the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study. On information and belief, such attacks were carried out
for the purpose of disabling me as a research professional, and destroying me as
an economic entity.
20. On information and belief, such attacks have directly caused and contributed
to serious personal health symptoms and syndromes I have suffered in the years
1977 to present, for which I am entitled to and seek lawful compensation.
21. On information and belief, such termination of the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Study as herein described constitutes unlawful and malicious
interference with contract research, as well as a civil tort and criminal assault on
my person.
22. On information and belief, the underlying public need for the research and
public recommendations envisioned by the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study remain as necessary at present as at the
time of the original proposal for the research.
SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED IN SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA THIS 30th
DAYOF AUGUST, 2000.
-
Notary Publie
-
5

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2438, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX I
To the Affidavit of Alfred Lambremont Webre
1977 CARTER WHITE HOUSE EXTRATERRESTRIAL COMMUNICATION
STUDY
The over-all purpose of the 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial
Communication Study was to create, design and carry out an independent
civilian-led research compilation and evaluation of phenomena suggesting an
Extraterrestrial and Interdimensional intelligent presence on Earth. The outcome
of the Study was to have been a public report by the White House, detailing the
compiled evidence and evaluation, together with possible scientific models for
the implications of the research. The White House report was to have contained
public policy recommendations emerging from the evaluations and conclusions of
the Study. These, if warranted, included transformation of secrecy regulations of
US military-intelligence agencies. It is clear from the evidence that the
phenomena to be studied are worldwide and in the public domain.
The scientific and public policy goal of the 1977 Carter White House
Extraterrestrial Communication Study was to fill a substantial gap in civilian
scientific knowledge of the UFO (Unidentified Flying Object), Extraterrestrial
Biological Entities (EBEs), and related phenomena. This knowledge gap was
created and maintained by excessive secrecy practices and regulations of US
Department of Defence agencies in the various generations of its UFO-programs
since the late 1940s, including but not limited to Project Grudge and Project Blue
Book, as well as other alleged secret programs.
Historically, the agencies proposed for the Study were:
White House - Principal sponsorship and policy coordination of Study
NASA - Consultative line agency regarding UFO and Near Space
phenomena, including terrestrial-UFO or EBE interaction
National Science Foundation - Advice and consultation by the National
Science Board
SRI International - Principal Investigators of Study
Scientific experts on UFO, EBE and related phenomena - Scientific
Advisers
It should be noted that the structure and contributors to the 1977 Carter
White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study are similar and parallel to the
COMETA Report, issued by a high-level private Committee in France after a
three year study. That Committee included the former head of the French
equivalent of NASA. The COMETA Report endorses the Extraterrestrial
hypothesis as the most plausible interpretation of the data. The 1977 Carter
6

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2284, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"=..
White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study antedated the COMETA
Report by approximately twenty (20) years.
The 1977 Carter White House Extraterrestrial Communication Study was
designed and structured around several research phases and tasks:
• Compilation of UFO, EBE. and related phenomena database - The Study
team would compile a complete, objective, scientific data base of all UFO,
EBE and related incidents trom all available sources: US private and non-
protit UFO and EBE data bases; International governmental, non-profit, and
private UFO and EBE data bases (e.g. the Government of France, China,
Russia, Brazil, Mexico); UFO and EBE data bases held by US military
personnel and agencies, under a White House-mandated pardon from
relevant security regulations affecting disclosure.
• Evaluation of UFO, EBE and related phenomena database - The Project
team, employing its expertise in the areas of UFO, EBE, and related
phenomena, would evaluate the compiled data base, and develop alternative
interpretive models of data, including but not limited to the Extraterrestrial
hypothesis. The Study contemplated contracting with relevant research
scholars and experts in this field, as necessary.
• Report and Recommendations - The Study would produce a public report,
including the full UFO, EBE, and related phenomena database, as well as the
full results of the evaluation and model-building phases of the research. The
Report would also include public policy recommendations as justified by its
evidentiary and analytical conclusions. The Study proposal envisioned that
recommendations might include:
• Global and regional UFO and EBE data banks, under independent
scientific and community-based control.
• Public, international funding in the UFO, EBE and Extraterrestrial
communication fields.
• Rescission of military-intelligence secrecy regulations that inhibit
the flow of UFO and EBE reporting in the field.
• Design and implementation of a public Extraterrestrial
Communication Program for intentional terrestrial non-hostile
communication with such Extraterrestrial intelligence as might be
posited by the Study.
• Design and implementation for an international public order system
to facilitate integration of Earth into a Universe governmental order.
7

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 625, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: West Coast Interview Schedule Update
Date: 08/15/2000 8:09:50 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
To: DrSGreer
Update on the following witness:
Webre will be attending the UFO Expo in the Bay Area Friday, 8/25 through Tuesday, 8/29. He will then be visiting his brother
in Sacramento between 8/29 through 9/1. After which he returns to Vancouver and is also available from then on. Do we want
to schedule an interview with him while he is in California or wait until Sept. 5th - 9th to do it in B.C.?
Phone numbers for Webre in CA:
At the UFO Expo:
At his brother's:
R.
Tuesdav, Auaust 15. 2000
CombuServe: DrSGreer
Pace: 1

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 3541, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: WITNESS REPORT
Date: 7124/00 6:34:11 PM Easter Daylight Time
From:
To: DrSGreer
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record same.
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony (ie, govemment, military, intel., corporate)
JD, MEd brings to his work credentials as a futurist at Stanford Research Institute, studying
extraterrestrial communication in conjunction with the National Science Foundation and the Carter White House. His context
communication theory of extraterrestrial intervention was first introduced in his earlier book The Age of Cataclysm, (New
York: GP Putnam's Sons 1974); (New York: Berkeley Medallion 1975); (Capricom Books, 1975); (Tokyo: Ugaku Sha 1975).
Webre is a science joumalist who is frequently consulted by national and intemational media on cometary and near space
issues. In the summer of 1999, Webre appeared on over 60 media programs in the United States and elsewhere on issues of
near space catastrophe. A recent book is a work of futuristic political joumalism, The Levesque Cases, (Ontario: PSP Books,
1990).
A Fulbright Scholar, graduate of Yale University, Yale Law School (where he was Yale Law School National Scholar) and
the University of Texas Counseling Program, Alfred Webre has been an Environmental lawyer, Futurist, University teacher,
Author, Radio talk show host, Community health and social activist. He has taught at Yale University and the University of
Texas. Webre has been a Non Govemmental Delegate to the United Nations, as well as a delegate to the Texas Democratic
Convention. Webre resides in Vancouver, BC with his wife, Dr. Geri DeStefano-Webre, a psychotherapist and psychic with
Global Psychics.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony, providing salient information on date, location, position and
involvement at the time of the UFO/ET event or project.
While serving as a resident futurist at SRI in 1977, Dr. Webre was asked to join an early Carter Administration study on
UFOs and extraterestrial communication.
Webre claims that this Carter White House study was abruptly and secretly terminated at the behest of Pentagon
officials, led by the SRi liaison with the Pentagon. The study was to have been undertaken jointly by the National Science
Foundation and the Center for the Study of Social Policy at SRI where the witness was a futurist and principal investigator of
the study. Their goal had been to produce an assessment akin to the 1999 French COMETA report. When the project was
shut down, the reason for doing so given by the Pentagon official overseeing its demise was simply "UFOs dont exist."
Webre and other project participants were told by the ranking senior VP of SRI at the time to "dissimulate", or to forget
that the project had ever existed, and to not talk about it. Due to his long standing public interest and social activism
commitment, Webre decided that he would go public with his knowledge at that point.
Immediately following termination of the project in September of 1977, Webre was subjected to a high level of sunveillance
and MK Ultra-style electronic mind control intervention. He was incapacitated for six months. The witness points out that
prior to his involvement with the UFO subject at SRI, he had previously spearheaded research into both the JFK and MLK
assassinations; neither of which had ever resulted in counterintelligence intervention. Such massive intervention only emerged
Morday, Juty 24, 2000 Compuserve: DiSGree:
Page: 1

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2315, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
following the ending of the UFO project and his open statements regarding his willingness to go public with what had just
taken place.
4. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation: Is he / she willing to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we
want to discourage this except in rare cases) ?
1000% committed to Disclosure. He will go on camera. Witness is prepared to approach former SRI colleagues with
invitations to participate in Disclosure, and will send them printed literature that we provide to him. For reasons of
confidentiality, he is reluctant to provide names of most SRi project participants. All of the participants are "household
names", and they are all high profile individuals. He did name former SRI Director, the late Dr. Willis Harman, as a participant,
as well as physicists and remote viewing pioneers Dr. Hal Puthoff and Dr. Russell Targ. Another participant who was a direct
witness to the project shut down was futurist Peter Schwartz, now working with Standard Oil. Schwartz was present at the
meeting with the SRI Pentagon liaison which resulted in the project's termination, and he was very disturbed by what he saw
and heard. He may be willing to come forward, but Webre is not sure. He hasn't spoken to Schwartz in 23 years. Webre will
query Schwartz on our behalf.
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or corroborating documents and other materials.
He knows of several people who could corroborate, but there are no guarantees they will be interested in coming forward.
Probably not, but he will try nonetheless.
6. Always ask if the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to other witnesses which could be useful to the project
(they may not offer this and so this should always be asked).
Yes. His former SRI network bridges over to other classified projects at that time in remote viewing, energetics, psi
applications.
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and credibility, and HOW the witness comes across (
articulate, etc) .
Highly articulate and credible. Can provide individual names and institutions involved.
8. Let the witness know that we will be contacting him/her later to set up a date to conduct a full interview.
Done.
Monday, July 24, 2000 Compuserve: DrSGreer
Page: 2

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1813, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
Fwd: Atin Dr. Stephen Greer & CSETI
05/27/2000 8:20:05 PM Eastem Daylight Time
(Steven M.Greer M.D.)
Polgh-58
›Delivered-To: r
>From:
> To:
>Date: Sat, 27 May 2000 17:10:22 -0700
>Subject: Attn Dr. Stephen Greer & CSET
> Reply-To:
›Priority: normal
>X-mailer: Pegasus Mail for Win32 (V3.12b)
> Dear Dr. Greer &
- I wanted to draw your attention
>to our new book EXOPOLITICS. May I suggest that the exopolitics
›approach provides a dynamic path by which the human population
›can, in a 10 year program, reintegrate itself into Universe society.
>I would like to explore the possibility of co-promotion with you and
»CSETI, not so much of books, but of substantive exopolitical
›programs.
>
›Excerpts from Exopolitics as well as media is set out below. I
»experienced similar disinformation episodes as you did with the
>CIA Director, in my 1977 Carter White House/National Science
›study alluded to below.
>
>I am a fellow member of EWAR-L with Tony Craddock. Looking
> forward to your favorable response.
JD, MEd
>MEMORIAL DAY -
juthor of EXOPOLITICS will be
ghtings, May 29 @ 7:00 PM PT. On Real Audio
>at http://www.sightings.com or at any time in archives at:
>http://broadcast.com/shows/endoftheline/
>Sightings will discuss a 1977 Carter White House-NSF Study into
›extraterrestrial communication that was suppressed, along with the
›concept of Exopolitics, or political and governmental forms in the
> Universe.
>
>A complementary copy of Episode One of EXOPOLMICS, along
»with Nicky Molloy's review, can be found at:
>http://www.universebooks.com/nicolareview.html
> Thanks.
Witness!
>UniverseBooks.com - Electronic books for a visionary age.
>http://www.universebooks.com/universebooks.html
>352-1917 West 4 Ave. Vancouver, BC V6J1M7
Sunday, May 28, 2000 ComuSorro: DrSGracr
Pago: 1
