{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T18:31:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 47049, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123280-michael-smith-ufo-on-radar-keno-radar-site-fax-3-11-97.pdf", "source_sha256": "25b686854a8c8ba09ceb9e6fd01e7f1c0a3c0e009d7cbffb761d05039fc230c6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 2580, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Was stationed Klamath Falls in Oregon and was stationed in Klamath Falls and worked at the
"Keno" radar site (USAF). He and about 10 others were gathered around the radar watching a
UFO. This is when he first learned that the sightings on radar were common-place. He found
out that the radar operators did not want to report sightings officially or the military would make
them out to be idiots by giving them psychological examinations and "determining" that they
were mentally unstable.
A lot of UFO activity occurred over Ape Valley where they would often hover. He would watch
these object travel 200 miles in 20 seconds and come to a complete stop. Approx once a week
he would see these craft.
One night he was sleeping (was supposed to be on duty) when Norad called to say there was a
UFO coming up the California coast - they just wanted to let him know.
In Sault St. Marie saw a UFO late at night on the radar scope - he was the only one working.
The state police called to say that a UFO was over Mackinac (he is not sure of the spelling)
Bridge. He went to the radar and couldn't see anything at first. The police told him that one of
the UFOs had broken off and had come back to the other three. He had to tell police that there
was nothing on the radar. All 3 ufos followed I-75 up North and state police chased it.
Watched them on the radar (UFOs). He decided to go outside to see if he could get a visual.
It was a foggy/misty night and when he went outside to see if it was there, he couldn't see it
because they were below the horizon. However, he did see lights go by (the objects illuminated
the night mist) and then saw the flashing lights of the police go by soon after. He then ran back
to the radar scope and found that they were gone. He says there was a log book that you can fill
out, so he logged it in the log book. The base is closed now and he does not know where the
book would be. He logged it in red ink:
He is not sure who issued the orders that UFOs on the radar were not to be reported, but it was
definately implied that if you admit it, and want to report it officially, that they will do a
psychological profile. He did not want to jeopardize getting an honorable discharge as he was
about to retire anyway.
In total, he had about 7 sightings on radar personally, including the episode in Sault St. Marie.
Has talked to other radar operators and about 90 percent have NOT seen UFOs, so he thinks
UFO activity is localized in certain areas. He was stationed stationed in Northern Oregon and
feels there is a lot of UFO activity in that region
