{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:07:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1788328, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123297-witness-10611-united-states-journal-article-on-experiment-spring-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "23615267fd2f4873ccc78013f298c7452a2f96c0db580ea9e4d3054803dfcc90"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 572, "chars": 3908, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Presumed Materialization of Blood:.
Experiment with
M.D.
with till you dont Ta's
Abstract
A clinical psi experiment with paragnost >
Am explores the development of
presumed telekinesis, materialization of fresh blood stains on a Tibetan ceremonial dagger
and associated psychic nexus events. The dissociated, trance-like state is a prerequisite and
the chronology preceding, during and after the major effects is described and related to
psychodynamic factors. DNA analysis of the blood on the dagger is compared with the
analysis of blood from Nuzum, his wife, and the author: the presumed materialized blood
on the dagger was different from the others and unexplained. The possible application of this
data to various medical states is mentioned and the method of study should be useful in
attempting to understand the mechanisms of psi and its possible role in psychophysiology
and experimental design.
Introduction
Sapped Criste
Attention has been directed to
(N) [1-6), paragnost and 35 year-old martial arts in-
structor, and his extensive repertoire of psychic feats.
Many of his psychic experiments which included tele-
kinesis, matter through matter, apportation, fire im-
munity, and levitation have been recorded on more
than 159 videotapes. Also, since 1983 until the present,
there have been 287 audiotaped telephonic interviews.
Wastinger
Lsastriffe
These transcripts and protocols comprise more than
2,250 pages. This study will present a recent series of
videographed experiments made in Nuzum's home-
town. In particular, the apparent materialization of a
hot, blood-soaked, triangular-bladed, ceremonial Ti-
betan dagger is documented. Although this presumed
•psychic event and associated nexus is rare, it did hap-
pen; and it might give reason for those who are inter-
ested in psychosomatics to ponder the applicability of
this type data to more everyday, mundane situations
which might occur occasionally in their practices as
well as to open up for clinicians possible new vistas of
neuroscience and theories of the mind. For unless psi is
ing visiting of the two women who were present, JN's
experiments were discontinued and he was frustrated
and disappointed; however, although he did not real-
ize it, at the time of his 'failure' to telekinetically un-
screw a nut from a bolt which he had given up trying to
accomplish, I had fortunately kept the Handycam fo-
cused close-up on the nut and the bolt. I subsequently
recorded a spontaneous pivoting of the bolt and two to
three turns of the nut [7). This session was concluded
and my wife and I returned to our motel. Later, just as
I was ready to retire for the night at 11:59 p.m., the
room's telephone rang and JN suggested that I come at
once, meeting |N at N'sMartial Arts Studio. Thurriedly
dressed and placed recording equipmentinto thevehicle
and drove all over IN's part of town trying to find his
studio on a dark, mostly moon-obscured, intermittently
drizzling, rainy night. After circling several streets and
ready to admit defeat, I suddenly was inspired to take
a different turn and immediately saw JN standing
outside on a building's balcony waving and yelling,
"Hurry! Hurry!"
I found IN's large studio room which was
originally lit with fluorescent ceiling fixtures attached
Congratutions ente for
integrated into these schemes, the study is
woefully incomplete and research horizons
could be seriously restricted.
First Night: Apportation of
Blood-Soaked Dagger
On a field trip to JN's home the
evening of October 6, 1995, JN attempted
several psychic experiments which were
videographed by two camcorders (my. own
Sony Video Hi 8 Handycam CCD-TROI
and IN' wife's Magnavox VHS CVN310).
For whatever reason, perhaps the distract ALTERNATE PERCEPTIONS
Figure 1: Twisted plastic lighter.
Alternate Perceptions - Page 38
Journal of UFOs, History, Native
Spirituality, & Paranormal
• Phenomena; Issue #38, Spring 1997

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1533, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to steel beams; now these lights were
turned off, and the gain on the halogen
lamp was turned up. The flat ceiling was
an estimated 18 feet high. At the far end
of the room JN had placed 12 votive
candles on the floor circumferentially
arranged according to the hours of a
clock, with a diameter of approximately
10 feet. JN then approached his wife and
myself and gave each of us heavy brass
medallions with an engraving of Arch-
angel Michael and an accompanying
folder which stated: The Angel of the The
Lord encamps around others who fear him.
And he delivers them. (Psalm 34:7). JN told
us to hold the medal while he retreated
behind the circle of candles. He took
two, glass candlesticks — one contained
a tall, white candle and the other con-
tained a tall, black candle. JN placed the
candlesticks to his sides, in front of him
OCTa
— the black candle on his left, the white
candle to his right — within the circle.
He then placed his brass medal beside
the white candle and took from his pocket a permanently
sealed, red, transparent plastic reservoir:lighter with a
chromium top and attempted to manually light the
candles. He appeared perplexed and disappointed
Figure 2: Spontaneous combustion/apportation sequence.
(A) JN behind the circle of lit candles.
stating, "There was fluid in here earlier and it worked,
now it's empty...
I noted JN becoming entranced.
IN slowly took the lighter in his hands and
PA-9
1:55
(2 B) suppliciatory posture/entrancement.
(2 C) brilliant illumination.
Alternate Perceptions - Page 39

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 3966, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
twisted it approximately 180 degrees [Figure 1]. JN's
wife intervened by giving JN some matches and he
proceeded to manually light all the candles; then he
situated himself in a lotus position close to the wall and
outside the circle, behind the votive candle that was
positioned at the hour I2. IN's wife activated audiocas
sette music and the now-entranced JN flexed his el-
bows and held his outstretched hands and fingers up
toward the ceiling. In approximately two minutes, JN's
hands began to tremble. All of a sudden there was a
blinding illumination inside the entire room. JN's wife
and I saw what looked like a sun several feet to JN's left
Figure 3: (A) Blood-stained, Tibetan, apported dagger.
in the ceiling accompanied with a whooshing sound. In
the same instant something descended from the air and
a group of physicians and their families. These were
crashed to the floor in front of IN.
recorded videographically with two camcorders.
Shortly afterward, JN roused from his trance.
Then the third night began at JN's apartment
I walked to the circle of candles and picked up
and was videographed with the Hi 8 Handycam.
a brass, Tibetan, triangular-bladed dagger [8] whose,
Wearing a blue T-shirt and trousers, JN greeted us and
metal felt hot and appeared to have wet, fresh blood on
then brought a lighter with an empty, clear plastic
the blade by appearance and smell. The tip of the
reservoir and sealed chromium top with a green, plastic
dagger was dented approximately 2 degrees. After
bank covering the junction of the metal and the reser-
close-up videographing the dagger, I noted that the
voir. IN asked for a quarter and I scratched my initials
halogen lamp which was near IN's wife's camcorder
(BES) and the date onto the quarter. Within slightly
and an estimated 30-40 feet from jN, was now bent in
more than 60 seconds of failing to teleport the quarter
the middle of the shaft approximately 3-4 degrees; this
(during this time it rested on top of the lighter-reservoir
lamp was also videographed. JN's wife videotaped the
in JN's left palm with the tip of JN's right index finger
ceiling from where the fireball and dagger apparently
in apposition to it while he was entranced and music
originated; she then became very upset and importuned
played in the background) JN dropped the coin, picked
us to quickly leave the studio before arousing curiosity
it up, and then slapped it against the reservoir with the
and trouble [Figure 2: A, B, C; Figure 3: A and B; Figure
instantaneous presumed teleportation of the coin to the
inside of the lighter's fuel chamber.
This state of "numismatic incarceration" lasted
Third Night: Unfinished Business
and Telekinesis
approximately 65 seconds during which time IN re-
peatedly shook the clanking coin until, suddenly, the
coin vacated the interior of the reservoir. JN immedi-
The second night of our stay had been notable
for ]N's demonstration of approximately 30 feats before
ately dropped both the coin and the lighter onto the
table and attributed this' deteleportation' to theinherent
instability of this type of matter-through-
matter experiment [9). The interior of the
lighter also now seemed to have several
metallicparticlesinside, approximately 1 mm.
in diameter. JN then compared the alleged
teleported/ materialized Tibetan, blood-
stained (blade) dagger oftwo nights previous
with a similar dagger which he owned. The
halogen lamp was then inspected and
revideographed — but now there was no
bend, thetwolampsweresimilar and straight.
In an elaborate ritual, JN now at-
tached two, MASTER key locks and a chain
to thematerialized dagger whilemusicplayed
in the background; he was entranced and
presumably telekinetically sealed the locks
and telekinetically (?) influenced these so
these could not be unlocked or detached
from the dagger. IN quietly explained that
this ritual was necessary to undo the de-
(3.B) presumed apportation ceiling site.
Alternate Perceptions - Page 40

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1784, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
took his studio key
from his pocket to
open the heavy,
metal door with the
thick, half-glass top;
as JN tried to insert
his key into thelock,
thekey underwenta
spontaneous 180
degree twist on the
shaft and no one
could enter theroom
[tigure 5].
Ibegan vid-
eotaping not know-
ing what to expect.
JN
sud-
denly took out his
Tibetan dagger (the
same dagger that he
showed me previ-
ously when
he
compared it to the
apported specimen)
Figure 4: Bent shaft to halogen lamp (right, above camera).
from his right pant's
• pocket and thrust
structive valence (murderous rage) attached to the
the point against his right nasolabial fold. IN breathed
dagger and make it mechanically difficult to use the
heavily repeatedly and shouted, "Do you see him sit-
weapon in a lethal manner, i.e. some innocent/ suggest-
ting on the chair?".
ible person to pick it up and be 'overcome by the
Ireplied, "No, I don't see the person butI do see
'influence!
the fold-up, upright, wooden chair." The chair was
At 11:00 p.m. after experimenting and inter-
approximately eight to nine feet inside the room from
viewing, JN impulsively declared. "I need to go to the
the door and visible due to the ceiling lights suddenly
studio. You can come with me if you wish."
(spontaneously?) going on.
Itookthe Handycam, attaching a 30 minute
battery.
When JN, his wife, and I entered the ve-
hicle whose radio was set to the 'on' position from
prior use, the radio was now playing funereal
organ music so gloomy that IN's.wife commented.
I turned off the radio. Arriving at the studio, the
flight of cement stairs was climbed to the landing
where N went into an immediate trance. There, he,
Figure 5: Spontaneously twisted studio key.
•Figure 6: (A) Knife pressed to JN's right cheek.
Alternate Perceptions - Page 41

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 2935, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(N)." That is, bent on killing JN until mat-
ters were precipitously reversed as de-
scribed and JN symbolically killed, "..the
phantom murderer who had just used the
dagger to kill someone," JN said (killed
with the dagger two nights prior during the
apparent materialization of the dagger).
Lex talionis.
In interviews it was clear that JN
did not know what to exactly expect, and
whatwould/ did happen. Nreiterated that,
"You see him. You see him. He seemed like
you and me. I wondered why you (BES)
didn't see him."
Later, JN commented, "I think
that's why I think you will like The Shadow
movie. After I stabbed him (phantom in-
truder) with the dagger, he fell back and
dematerialized."
Videographic Results
Study of the two, videographed
sections of the first night's experiment revealed for the
Handycam: (1) the lighter twisted approximately 180
degrees; (2) sequential photographs made from the
videotape showing the entranced jN sitting in lotus
position with his hand turned upward behind the hour
of 12, the circle of lighted votive candles with the two,
tall candles in front of him to his sides (note the two
pulses oflight and the faint outline of the falling Tibetan
dagger from the top of the television screen —photo-
to thefloor, total time from entrancement to theapported
dagger wastwo minutes and four seconds); (3) close-up
photograph of the apparent blood-soaked dagger blade
(6 B) dagger thrust against door/phantom.
The tension of JN's. muscles to his partially
flexed; right, upper extremity which held the dagger
against his face was extreme and I was fearful that IN
might seriously injure himself — or worse, enter the
orbit:
While still videotaping, I intervened, "God
Jesus, help this good man! There will be no harm done
to (N). God protect him. He is goodness, all goodness."
With that, JN's trance-associated, clonic move-
merits against his face with the dagger reversed to
powerful thrusts of the dagger in his right hand against
the thick glass door (toward the phantom in the chair).
Oddly, the studio lights went
off and then on four times. When the
lights were on, I could clearly see the
folding chair which immediately col-
lapsed [10] with a loud crash when the
lights went out the fourth time Figures
6A and BJ.JN s wife, who was observ-
ing all this, exclaimed, "There's other
chairs at the far end of the room...they
also moved around and collapsed." She
and JN confirmed this when they went
to the studio the next day; they also
noted a large hole in the ceiling with
associated cracking and charring [Figure
8].
When IN, his wife, and I re-
tured to their apartment, IN described
his subjective experiences, the visual
hallucination was of a "..middle-aged,
white man with long, dark brown hair,
wearing a T-shirt.. and evil look. Look-
ing right at me, and bent on killing me
Alternate Perceptions - Page 42
Figure 7: (A) Spontaneously lit studio with upright, wooden, folding chair.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3834, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with a bent tip; (4) the bent (approximately 3
degrees) halogen lamp stem; and (5) the
ceiling fixture from the angle it was video
taped had no visible defect or charring. These
Handycam effects were confirmed from
wide-angle taping made with the Magnavox
camcorder by JN's wife.
The third night's developments that
were videographed with the Handycam
showed: (1) the spontaneously twisted 180
degrees key to the studio's metal door; (2)
the entranced IN with the dagger thrusting
against his right cheek; (3) violent plunges of
the dagger against the glass partition to the
metal door; and (4) the studio lights going
off and on and the wooden chair in the
upright position which subsequently col-
lapsed when the lights were off.
Associated videographically re
corded phenomena already described are:
(1) suddenly pivoting bolt and untwisting
(7 B) collapsed chair.
nut; (2) chained and locked blood-soaked dagger, (3)
tissue is required for PCR DNA analysis.
teleported quarter into the sealed, plastic lighter res-
ervoir, and (4) shortly afterward the empty lighter with
Subsequently obtained blood specimens from
flecks of apparent metal fragments (?) [Figures9, A and
IN and JN'swifeby Karen Cardiso, LPN, on January 25,
B]. Also, later on JN's wife's videograph of the studio
1996, and sent to BES, and blood specimens from BES,
ceiling's purported site of the presumed apportation;
were analyzed by the Crime Laboratory. Daniel Nippes
this was askew from a perpendicular below IN by an
reported: "The blood standards were extracted, am-
estimated several feet. There was no indication of a
plified by polymerase chain reaction, and typed for the
previous ceiling hole or charring effect. How could the
following DNA loci, with the results as indicated:
dagger trajectory have come from an angle and then
appear on videotape to be perpendicular?
Exhubit
DOAI. LDLR GYPA HBGG D7S8
GC
#8-JN's Wife
1.1,41
AA
AA
AB
AB
BB
Crime Lab Analysis of Blood on the Dagger
3,4
AB
AB
AA
BB
CC
#10-BES
1.3,3
• AB
BB
AA
AB
AB
The apparently apported dagger blade with
presumed blood was never touched; the dagger was
Remarks:
placed in a plastic bag and subsequently analyzed by
Previous examinations identified human bloodstains
Daniel C. Nippes, Chief Criminalist of the Regional
on a dagger and a paper towel, with a PCRDNA profile
Crime Laboratory, Fort Pierce, Florida. He concluded
• subsequently established. Thebloodstains on the dagger
that the blood on the dagger was human. Nippes re-
did not originate from (N's wife), (N), or (BES). The
ported: "Under the microscope, the dagger looks like it
bloodstains on the paper towel contained the same
was dipped into a specimen of blood, it's perfectly even
profile as (IN).
as far as depth of penetration. Human bloodstains were
identified on the daggerblade ard on the exhibit num-
Discussion
ber two paper towel. These stains were amplified by
polymerase chain reaction, and typed for the following
For reasons already expressed [1-6] about the
DNA loci, with the results as indicated:
validity and integrity of JN's psi experiments, there are
no readily acceptable explanations such as
Exhibit
DOAT LDLR GYPA HBGG D7S8 GC
11-Dagger
11,12
AÁ
malobservation or fraud. Rather than delving into a
litany of tortured Rube Goldberg-like possibilities
#2-Paper Towel
AB AB
(which can sometimes strain one's credulity more than
the psi hypothesis), one might better ponder what
Remarks:
happened and where did the dagger and the blood
The bloodstains on the two exhibits originated from
come from? How did the dagger and the blood materi-
different individuals. The hair from (JN) did not con-
alize? What is the connection between the fireball,
tain a root or follicular tissue. A root with follicular
ceiling site, and the videographically recorded perpen-
Alternate Perceptions - Page 43

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 679, "chars": 4476, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dicular dagger trajectory path which
was more than 10 feet, estimated
**
circumference of the the circle of the
Lit candles, lateral and anterior to
IN? Are the two separate events
related to the fire/ energy / materi-
alization hypothesis? What might
the mechanism(s) be in relation to
other analogous materializations/
apportations with IN? For example,
the time that N heated two lumps
of glass to white-hot heat with a
blowtorch and then, when en-
tranced, he passed these across his
face and closed eyes — these then
absolutely vanished [Research vid-
eotape #149, May 1, 1995). As in
other instances, there was no indi-
cation of any acute thermal injury to
JN's eyes, hands, or other parts of
his body.
In the dagger experiment, it might be won-
dered if there was a connection with the sudden and
surprising absence of lighter fluid, and the episode of
apparent spontaneous combustion [4]. Thetwin-pulsed
brilliance of the light as videographed and experienced
would also suggesta tremendousexpenditureofenergy.
The physicist hopefully can analyze this and make
calculations and inferences.
Needlessto say, IN had been preparing for this
experiment for a long time and he was in a
hyperattentive entrancement.Therelationship between
hismental contentand ability to 'focus' the hypothesized
energy and presumably altered physiology can be
speculated on. It is of interest that he did not know until
the ultimate moment that what was going to happen
might happen, and that he would include myself (BES)
in his experiment. The implicit dangers and stresses
might have been surmounted by the success of the
experimentas symbolically portrayed by the protection
afforded by the circle of lit candles and the Archangel
Michael brass medal, one of which was placed by the
white (good) candle.
As in numerous other feats, the accompanying
psychodynamic constellations are complex and difficult
to boil down to words. However, the symbolic richness
of the data, elaborate preparations and rituals,
automatisms and entrancement, the paradoxes and
apparent projection to physical psi acting. out (Materi-
alization? Spontaneous combustion? Telekinesis?) is
analogous to psychophysiological literary material
presented in several ot Donala Morse s erudite arțicles
[12-14]. It might be conjectured how JN would express
if he was immersed over a period of time in a medical
milieu where he would be in rapport with biological/
psychosomatic constructs and might be motivated to
create and apply his talents in these directions as he has,
Alternate Perceptions : Page 44
Figure 8: Hole in ceiling
by analogy, done or had happen with metal objects in
experiments/experiences that are in harmony with his
past encounters as a foundry worker. What fundamen-
tal molecular differences might there be between
melding metal objects, human skin, or paper and in
attempting to repair ('heal) broken bones? Between his
matter-through-matter experiments with coins
teleporting into closed spaces or linking metal rings
and possibly affecting tissue cultures of beta cells or
teleporting healthy beta cells into animals rendered
surgically or chemically diabetic? Far fetched, perhaps,
but in view of JN's inscrutable abilities it would be
reprehensible to overlook or fail to attempt, after suit-
able safeguards, controls and the critical entrancement/
rapport/programming of these basicpsychic-dynamic/
psychosomatic experiments. What good is the psi hy-
pothesis unless it is tested in verisimilitude!
The psychic nexis is a continuum that is intri-
cately interwoven with suggestion and myriad other
influences. For example, during my stay with JN he
presented me with a commercial videotape, The
Shadow, which featured a Tibetan dagger, scenes which
were suggestive of the life and death struggle/ conflict
drama acted out by the entranced IN. JN was unaware
of the possible connection between these two factors
but he recalled how several years earlier in ourrelation-
ship, I had once introduced JN on the telephone to
Walter Gibson [15], author of The Shadow and many
classic books on magic, magicians, and psychical phe-
nomena. Unfortunately, Mr. Gibson died before IN
could meet him in person and demonstrate some feats,
yet JN always respected and acknowledged my friend-
ship for Walter and in particular also for Joseph
Dunniger, who was a lifelong friend of Mr. Gibson and
the one who introduced me to Mr. Gibson. The bonds
and sinews of rapport and to psychic nexus are often

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2441, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
--
deep and have many layersover
time and space.
... ..
I have personally been
aware of the affinity by many
gifted psychics for old or simu-
lated ancient objects d'art. Al-
though one would be reluctant
to concur anything with this, an
impression lingers that some
valence is attached to certain
objects of deep personal/
mythological/religious signifi-
cance which can be related to
• the art of successful psychom-
etry (suggestion to expansion
tr..
into full-blown psi), talismans
superstitious, and religious rel
ics. The metaphysiology of be-
lief, "confidence, and 'rapport
begsstudy. From theinfant child
who transfers his attachments
(love, dependency, survival
needs) from the breast to the
blanket, rag doll and so forth, to
collections of various items, to
building business empires, per-
haps the core to the acquisitive-
ness is similar in roots. Any-
thing that threatens these at-
tachments, actual or symbolic,
can cause disruptions in ho-
meostasis, induce psychologi-
cal stress (anxiety), and contrib-
ute to psychosomatic disorders.
Conversely, alleviation of these
forces (misdirected energies) can
be thermal Sud gifted
gifted
paragnosts could have an earth-
quake effect on our understand-
ing of suggestion, hypnosis,
ASC, trance, dissociation, and
psychosomatic effects [16]. No
theory of the mind or mental function can be consid-
ered complete without taking psi into account.
References and Notes
i.Schwarz, B. E: "Presumed Physical Mediumship
ofUFOs," Flying Saucer Review, Vol. 31, No: 6, 1986, pp. 18-
2. Schwarz, B. E.: Follow-up Notes on Psychiatric
and Paranormal Aspects of Ufology," Pursuit, accepted for
publication, 1989.
9:48:04 PM
Figure 9: (A) Teleported quarter into plastic lighter reservoir.
9:48:55 PM
(9 B) seconds later.
3. Schwarz, B. E.: "Joe A. Nuzum's Possible Levita
tions," Pursuit, accepted for publication, 1991.
4. Schwarz, B. E.: "Observations on Presumed Psi-
induced Spontaneous Combustion with Joe A. Nuzum,
Paragnost," Journal of Fortean Research Center, Special
Issue May, 1995, pp. 1-32.
5. Schwarz, B. E.: "Presumed Paranormal Linkage.
of Rings, Part I: Human Aortic Rings - SORRAT; Part Il:
Paranormally Linked rings, Rubber Bands and Brass Nut,"
International Joumal of Psychosomatics, Vol. 41, No. 's 1-4,
- 1994, pp. 95-99..
6. Schwarz, B. E.: "Presumed Case of Telekinesis,"
Intemational Joumal of Psychosomatics, Vol. 32, No. 1, 1985,
Alternate Perceptions - Page 45

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 991, "chars": 6714, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pp. 3-21.
7. See Research Videotape No. 120, January 31,
1991, for twice telekinetically unscrewing a nut from a bolt
which is beneath an overturned glass.
8. Although it was not possible to weigh the apported
dagger beforehand, the dagger was found to weigh 550
Grams with the later attached, sealed locks and chain; under
the circumstances of the experiment, such a heavy weapon
could be an exceedingly dangerous missile.
9. For variegated matter-through-matter
videographed experiments, see Research Tapes, No.'s 82,
87, 92, 93, 99, 105, 112, 114, 115, 116, 118, 119, 123, 125,
126, 128, and 137.
10. Since this episode of the metal chair collapsing,
JN has been able to 'control' this telekinetic action and has
incorporated it into some of his performances, including once
in the psychic nexus a humorous unanticipated collapse of a
fold-up chair next to a woman in the audience who was
involved with some of the experiments and who was giving JN
a difficult time.
11. It should be noted that previously (January 4,
1993) JN had sent me some presumed telekinetic specimens
and unbeknownto JN, one of the specimens that was wrapped
in a paper towel was stained with blood; this was the paper
towel specimen submitted for DNA analysis. Dan Nippes
stated that for the blood on the dagger, there was a chance of
1:3800 that the blood was of Hispanic origin, and 1:7000 that
it was of Caucasian origin. The third specimen of blood was
obtained in my laboratory on January 29, 1995, after
videographically interviewing JN and going over past feats. In
this discussion, I mentioned once seeing Sister Susan (Syrian
Catholic from India) in Irvington, New Jersey, who had stig-
mata every Friday for years since her first experience on a
Good Friday years before. Shortly afterward, at 4:34 p.m.,
JN's wife brought to my attention, very upset, stating that
profuse blood was dripping from JN's left index finger. I
immediately examined JN's finger and could find no reason
for the bleeding. JN's bleeding finger was wiped with a wet
towel which, unfortunately hemolysed the blood so it was not
suitable for later DNA analysis; however, as expected, this
paper towel gave a positive phenolphthalein test for blood.
Research videotapes by J's wife pertaining to experments
with blood include: No. 67, near instantaneous healing of a
razor cut and bleeding; No. 118, October:27, 1993, a razor cut
with bleeding with rapid healing with no subsequent trace of
blood - but the immediate, near simultaneous discoloration
of a clear wine glass filled with water (into blood?) and No.
144, January 26, 1995, recorded by me with the Handycam in
my laboratory, the telekinetic forming of the letter 'C' from a
puddle of virgin blood - the 'C' corresponded to JN's ap-
prehension of the initials CC' which were correct. JN had told
an inductee that although the initials were 'CC', the same as
those of her niece, Cindy Crawford (the actress), these
belonged to another person of the same initials, which was
"also correct. JN knew of the aunt/niece relationship but was
not fooled by spurious conscious/memory logic. Later, when
with the aunt/inductee, JN phonetically approximated the
telepathically perceived surname.
12. Morse, Donald R.: Martin, John; Moshonov,
Joshua: "Stress Induced Sudden Cardiac Death: Can It Be
Prevented?." Stress Medicine, Vol. 8, 1992, pp. 35-46.
13. Morse, Donald R.; Martin, John; Moshonov, :
Joshua: "Psychosomatically Induced Death - Relative to
Alternate Perceptions - Page 46
Stress, Hypnosis, Mind Control, and Voodoo: Review and
Possible Mechanism". Stress Medicine, Vol. 7, 1991, pp. 213-
232.
14. Morse, Donald. R.: "The Stressful Kiss: A
Biopsychosocial Evaluation of the Origins, Evolution, and
Societal Significance of Vampirism," Stress Medicine, Vol. 9.
1993, pp. 181-199.
15. The Shadow, Universal City Studios, Inc., and
Bregman/Baer Productions, inc., VHS Hifi Stereo Surround
82007, ISBN 0-7832-1173-2, color, 1 hour 48 minutes, ®
1994.
16. About the psychic nexus pertaining to most of
these experiments, Walter B. Gibson told me that in one year
during the depression he wrote more published words, sec-
ond only to The Bible. Throughout his long and proffic life, he
exerted his keen intelligence and prodigious energies in
writing numerous books about his friends, the most famous
magicians of his time. Once he told me about a famous
English murder case at the tur of the century. Oddly, or
through synchronicity, I had just heard about the same case
I' first-hand from my next-door neighbor, Dick Stoney, whose
family was associated with the murdered, famous
Shakespearean actor, William Terriss, and which event and
connections are described in a book about Mr. Stoney's family
and written by his cousin (see Holloway, David: Playing the
Empire, the Acts of the Holloway Touring Theater Company.
Harrap, London, 1979, p. 80) Mr. Gibson, who began his
career as a crime reporter for a Philadelphia newspaper, was
amazed that at alawn party when he had recently been talking
about the famous, forgotten case of long ago, his waiter
introduced himself as the murdered man's son who then
completed the story! Also, another time wiile at a party, Mrs.
Litzka Gibson who was formerly a well-known penormer and
once married to a magician, the Great Raymond, and who had
a life-long interest in psi, when in Hollywood years before she
was afriend of Cheiro (Count Hammond), the leading psychic
palmist of his times. Mrs. Gibson also had a skill for palmistry
and told me when reading palms for a charitable gathering
she once took the palm of an eamest, young man and inwardly
recoiled in horror since she "...knew that he would soon be
killed, murdered." At the time of this reading she did not know
that she hadjust met Bobby Kennedy! Some of Gibson's other
books are - Gibson, WalterB.; Witchcraft, Grosset and Dunlap,
New York, 1973; Dunninger as Told to Walter Gibson:
Dünninger's Secrets, Lyle Stuart, Inc., 120 Enterprise Avenue,
Secaucus, New York 17094, 1974; Gibson, Walter B, and
Gibson, Litzka, R.: The Mystic and Occult Ans, Parker Pub
lishing Company, inc., West Nyack, New York, 1969.
17. The fluctuating trancelike states, like the bor-
derlands between suggestion to deep-trance hypnosis, beyond
the semantic differences, are analogous to the thin, dividing
line between illusion and reality. For example, in Research
Tape No. 148 (March 18, 1995, 12:11 a.m.) JN placed a
quarter on the table and positioned a mirror's edge at an acute
angle on the middle of the coin. As JN reduced the angle of the
mirror on the coin, the illusion was created of the coin bending.
However, when JN removed the quarter, the coin was in fact
bent like a taco.
may be contacted at:
