{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T03:42:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1044322, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123395-witness-10893-11-19-09.pdf", "source_sha256": "6a486ecfa41fce7bffc70fd19c86dd30ddecfa5d1826eefe77f55c5cb851513c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1594, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer
Thursday, November 19, 2009 3:46 PM
wa. Coincidental Meeting
fyi
em: pls save in vip network file and data base
- Forwarded message -
From: Steve Greer
Date: Thu, Nov 19, 2009 at 3:45 PM
Subiect: Re: Coincidental Meeting
To:
Dea
Thank you for your very informative email.
I know great healing can occur through spirit and have seen it happen - even in the ER!
You are correct about your dad- he was not majestic but certainly knew some of them - perhaps unaware that he
did...this is not uncommon among industrialists.
I wish I could have known your father- he sounds quite remarkable. David and Sandy have been wonderful here
in Joshua Tree!
We are headed to AZ saturday then back east monday. If you happen to be in the DC or VA areas let me know-
It would be a pleasure to discuss the energy project further with you, as well as the situation with John.
It would be wonderful to see your electric boats running on a new energy charging system- off the grid! I hope
this scientists who has been freed from his national security restrictions can come through with a major
breakthrough soon...
It was a pleasure meeting you and hope we can work together in the near future to advance our civilization and
create a new way of living on the Earth!
Best always,
Steven M. Greer MD
On Tue, Nov 17, 2009 at 1:52 AM, Shanda Lear-Baylor 4
Dear Steve,
wrote:
I was very pleased to come to your meeting Friday in Costa Mesa. My brother
sent me a link to
your UTube talk and I had already listened to that. Your talk was pretty much the same: which is a good thing I

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 677, "chars": 3711, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
heard again the part about ETs being loving and basically being able to do all the stuff we know is possible
because Jesus did it and
did a lot of it too.
I don't think my dad was part of the Majestics because he was a blabber mouth and wouldn't have been able to
keep secrets. In fact he told me, one summer night at our home in Switzerland, when I was fifteen, (he was
teaching me about the stars) that if a space ship landed on the lawn, he would go with the visitors. He said he
knew he probably would never see us again and he would miss us but he would learn so much. Afterwards he
took pictures of two flying saucers that followed his airplane. And, remember, he was the one who came up
with the idea, in 1940 that one day we would be able to dematerialize and travel as easily as making a call in a
phone booth. That idea was the origin of the movie called the Fly.
I have been studying Christian Science for years and focusing on the ABSOLUTE Truth that the infinite Mind
is All -in-all and is the 'Be'ing, the only ONE that I am one with. And using Mental engineering to shut out the
RELATIVE (which is all the rest that isn't absolute.) I teach Sunday School to middle school children and
have been studying the mental warfare the Romans used to get people back in toe in 325AD when they
established the HOLY ROMAN CATHOLIC EMPIRE and exchanged the top god in the roman panoply of
gods Jupiter with, are you ready???, Jesus. And said that Jesus was now top god. And the vestal virgins and
priests of the temples were still getting the money from the people. It is sad but true then that IF IF IF you
were doing any healing like Jesus (that was how you proved that you were a real Christian - really really
loving ...by healing the sick) they put you on the rack to see if you were lying. (Strange that healing the sick
through prayer went out of fashion at that time. Tsk.) The dark ages and keeping the people ignorant was how
they controlled people. But you already know all that.
What I knew was that the pictures of the flying saucers that followed Dad's airplane were never acknowledged
by the pentagon. But what is very sad and creepy is that after your meeting I called my brother John. John has
studied ETs, he is an acknowledged expert on ETs but he says he has never personally seen one. He has been
in great pain for a couple of years and I called to tell him about Suzy London who is a well known healer to
suggest that he call her. He doesn't really talk to me ever. I'm not sure why but it's like two magnets that
deflect. He is full of hatred and bitterness. (now I know why he never saw an ET, thanks to your talk on
Friday.) I'm bold and if I see someone who needs help I'll do my best to help. He knows Suzy, she helped him
with his feet years ago. I told him that you said to say hello. He said, Oh thanks. Then I said, Hey, John, I
never knew that there was such a powerful organization called the Majestics that was keeping this all secret,
what do you know about them. He abruptly asked me for the telephone number of Suzy and cut the
conversation off.
was part of a group in Sedona. I went to some of their meetings and we talked about extra terrestrials and
astral bodies, photon bodies and causal bodies. I had been told to fear extraterrestrials by this group, and I
basically did a Christian Science treatment on all the beings who came into my consciousness reassured them
that there was nothing to fear, that the divine mind provided infinitely for all his creatures and I certainly was
not afraid because the Infinite I AM only created GOOD and all the rest is a mental construct that only has
power if YOU give it life. I have never experienced any fear as a result.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 1993, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1 I spent thirty years of my life teaching mothers and fathers and nurses and doctors about breastfeeding and was
the first international board certified lactation consultant in Europe. I founded the Italian La Lech League and
have basically using my show business background to tell doctors that they have to stop disseminating
misinformation and pushing manmade food for babies. I worked with WHO in Geneva in setting up training to
get the world turned around in that arena. Using Bill Lear chutzpah and Christian Science prayer to get into
hospitals, work with health professionals, change and rewrite protocols and stop the nonsense.
Right now i am solving the problem of pollution one boat at a time. I, of course am very interested in not only
having access to this new energy source for our boats, but also in offering the expertise of Terry my husband
who is on a list of creative problem solvers at Boeing and does a lot of the really intricate pattern work and
development. He certainly can help as can others on our team here at Lear Electric Boats.
Our Dealer in Maryland is in California, Maryland. He will be getting a new Learboat in a couple of weeks.
I'm sure he would love to show it to you, as would I, if you were here. His telephone number is 4435369082.
His name is Ron Olsen.
So thank you so much for giving me your card. I wasn't able to come on Saturday. Spent time pouring over
your book Contact and taking notes.
I'm working on a project of how to get Mary Baker Eddy better known. Apparently 80% of the public don't
know who she is or what she discovered. And of course it is clear that fear and ridicule have prevented people
from getting involved with Christian Scientists. It is a sales technique called F.U.D. Fear, uncertainty and
doubt. The best way to win over a competitor who has better quality than you do.
That is all for now. Good to meet you, I will do what I can to help.
All the best,
; p.s. here is a list of websites of things that I have done.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 123, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "clean-vision"}
success of
and
7 minute promo on my motivational talk about "the secrets to the
..and the Learjet"
President and CEO
lll
4
