{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:56:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1772307, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123333-phil-schneider.pdf", "source_sha256": "48f49c5faa29d8dcf10ac4a504bebcda62e071f19fd1b0b647189343ac9db000"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3189, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Steve Greer
Monday, February 23, 2009 11:22 AM
*** SPAM *** Fwd: F
do we have a file on
- Forwarded message
From:
Date: Mon, Feb 23. 2009 at 11:13 AM
Subject: Fw:
To: Steven Greer
Any info /does? Steve
Steven:
Is there any truth in this story? If so can his documents be obtained?
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T
From: "Rev
Date; Mon, 23 Feb 2009 21:20:15 +0530
To:
Subject:
One of the bravest men that have ever lived,
who was about
to publish a book listing the exact locations of all 129 U/G bases in the
US with interlinking Mach 2 maglev tube shuttles was found dead with a
rubber hose around his neck on 17th Jan 1996 at his apartment in
had a 'Rhyolite 38' security clearance ie. 38 points
higher than the H-bomb, and had access to 140,000 pages of top secret
documentation relating to the US Govt's ongoing liaison with aliens which
Phil threatened to plaster all over the Internet. This liaison was
officially ratified by President Eisenhower at Edwards AFB in Feb 1954
when he signed the 'Greada Treaty'. So, hang on to your seats, folks,
as our 'X-Man'
blows the lid off everything!!
'U/G Bases' by Phil Schneider May 1995
It is because of the horrendous structure of the federal government that I feel directly imperiled not to tell anybody about this material. How long I will be able to do this
is anybody's guess. However, I would like to mention that this talk is going to be broken up into four main topics. Each of these topics will have some bearing on what
you people are involved in, whether you are patriots or not. I want you to know that these United States are a beautiful place. I have gone to more than 70 countries, and
I cannot remember any country that has the beauty, as well as the magnificence of its people, like these United States. To give you an overview of basically what I am, I
started off and went through engineering school. Half of my school was in that field, and I built up a reputation for being a geological engineer, as well as a structural
engineer with both military and aerospace applications. I have helped build two main bases in the United States that have some significance as far as what is called the
New World Order. The first base is the one at Dulce, New Mexico. I was involved in 1979 in a firefight with alien humanoids, and I was one of the survivors. I'm
probably the only talking survivor you will ever hear. Two other survivors are under close guard. I am the only one left that knows the detailed files of the entire
operation. Sixty-six secret service agents, FBI, Black Berets and the like, died in that firefight. I was there. Number one, part of what I am going to tell you is going to be
very shocking. Part of what I am going to tell you is probably going to be very unbelievable, though, instead of putting your glasses on, I'm going to ask you to put your
'scepticals' on. But please, feel free to do your own homework. I know the Freedom of Information Act isn't much to go on, but it's the best we've got. The local law
library is a good place to look for Congressional Records. So, if one continues to do their homework, then one can be standing vigilant in regard to their country. I love

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 2269, "chars": 13785, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the country I am living in more than I love my life, but I would not be standing before you now, risking my life, if I did not believe it was so. The first part of this talk is
going to concern deep underground military bases and the black budget. The Black Budget is a secretive budget that garners 25% of the gross national product of the
United States. The Black Budget currently consomes $1.25 trillion per year. At least this amount is used in black programs, like those concerned with deep underground
military bases. Presently, there are 129 deep underground military bases in the United States. They have been building these 129 bases day and night, unceasingly, since
the early 1940's. Some of them were built even earlier than that. These bases are basically large cities underground connected by high-speed magneto-leviton trains that
have speeds up to Mach 2. Several books have been written about this activity. Al Bielek has my only copy of one of them. Richard Souder, a PhD architect, has risked
his life by talking about this. He worked with a number of government agencies on deep underground military bases. In around where you live, in Idaho, there are 11 of
them. The average depth of these bases is over a mile, and they again are basically whole cities underground. 'They all are between 2.66 and 4.25 cubic miles in size. They
have laser drilling machines that can drill a tunnel 7 miles long in one day. The Black Projects sidestep the authority of Congress, which as we know is illegal. Right now,
the New World Order is depending on these bases. If I had known at the time I was working on them that the NWO was involved, I would not have done it. I was lied to
rather extensively. Basically, as far as technology is concerned, for every calendar year that transpires, military technology increases about 44.5 yrs. This is why it is easy
to understand that back in 1943 they were able to create, through the use of vacuum tube technology, a ship that could literally disappear from one place and appear in
another place. My father, Otto Oscar Schneider, fought on both sides of the war. He was originally a U-boat captain, and was captured and repatriated in the United
States. He was involved with different kinds of concerns, such as the A-bomb, the H-bomb and the Philadelphia Experiment. He invented a high-speed camera that took
pictures of the first atomic tests at Bikini Island on July 12, 1946. I have original photograpbs of that test, and the photos also show UFO's fleeing the bomb site at a high
rate of speed. Bikini Island at the time was infested with them, especially under the water, and the natives had problems with their animals being mutilated. At that time,
General MacArthur felt that the next war would be with aliens from other worlds. Anyway, my father laid the groundwork with theoreticians about the Philadelphia
experiment, as well as other experiments. What does that have to do with me? Nothing, other than the fact that he was my father. I don't agree with what he did on the
other side, but I think he had a lot of guts in coming here. He was hated in Germany. There was a $1 million reward, payable in gold, to anyone who killed him.
Obviously, they didn't succeed. Anyway, back to our topic - deep underground bases. Back in 1954, under the Eisenhower administration, the federal government
decided to circumvent the Constitution of the United States and form a treaty with alien entities. It was called the '1954 Greada Treaty', which basically made the
agreement that the aliens involved could take a few cows and test their implanting techniques on a few human beings, but that they had to give details about the people
involved. Slowly, the aliens altered the bargain until they decided they wouldn't abide by it at all. Back in 1979, this was the reality, and the fire-fight at Dulce occurred
quite by accident. I was involved in building an addition to the deep underground military base at Dulce, which is probably the deepest base. It goes down seven levels
and over 2,5 miles deep. At that particular time, we had drilled four distinct holes in the desert, and we were going to link them together and blow out large sections at a
time. My job was to go down the holes and check the rock samples, and recommend the explosive to deal with the particular rock. As I was headed down there, we found
ourselves amidst a large cavern that was full of outer-space aliens, otherwise known as large Greys. I shot two of them. At that time, there were 30 people down there.
About 40 more came down after this started, and all of them got killed. We had surprised a bole underground base of existing aliens. Later, we found out that they had
been living on our planet for a long time, perhaps a million years. This could explain a lot of what is behind the theory of ancient astronauts. Anyway, I got shot in the
chest with one of their weapons, which was a box on their body, that blew a hole in me and gave me a nasty dose of cobalt radiation. I have had cancer because of that. I
didn't get really interested in UFO technology until I started work at Area 51, north of Las Vegas. After about 2 yrs recuperating after the 1979 incident, I went back to
work for Morrison and Knudson, EG& G and other companies. At Area 51, they were testing all kinds of peculiar spacecraft. How many people here are familiar with
Bob Lazar's story? He was a physicist working at Arca 51 trying to decipher the propulsion factor in some of these craft. Now, I am very worried about the activity of
the the federal government. They have lied to the public, stonewalled senators, and have refused to tell the truth in regard to alien matters. I can go on and on. I can tell
you that I am ratber disgruntled. Recently, I knew someone who lived near where I live in Portland, Oregon, He worked at Gunderson Steel Fabrication, where they
make railroad cars. Now, I knew this fellow for the better part of 30 yrs, and he was kind of a quiet type. He came in to see me one day, excited, and he told me 'they're
building prisoner cars'. He was nervous. Gunderson, he said, had a contract with the federal government to build 107,200 full length railroad cars, each with 143 pairs of
shackles. There are 11 sub-contractors in this giant project. Supposedly, Gunderson got over 2 billion dollars for the contract. Bethlehem Steel and other steel outfits are
involved. He showed me one of the cars in the rail yards in North Portland. He was right. If you multiply 107,200 times 143 times 11, you come up with about 15,000,000.
This is probably the number of people who disagree with the federal government. No more can you vote any of these people out of office. Our present structure of
government is 'technocracy', not democracy, and it is a form of feudalism. It has nothing to do with the republic of the United States. These people are god-less, and have
legislated out prayer in public schools. You can get fined up to $100,000 and two years in prison for praying in school. I believe we can do better. I also believe that the
federal government is running the gambit of enslaving the people of the United States. I am not a very good speaker, but I'll keep shooting my mouth off until somebody
puts a bullet in me, because it's worth it to talk to a group like this about these atrocities. There are other problems. I have some interesting 1993 figures. There are 29
prototype stealth aircraft presently. The budget from the U.S. Congress five-year plan for these is $245.6 million. You couldn't buy the spare parts for these black
programs for that amount. So, we've been lied to. The black budget is roughly $1.3 trillion every two years. A trillion is a thousand billion. A trillion dollars weighs 11
tons. The US Congress never sees the books involved with this clandestine pot of gold. Contractors of stealth programs: EG&G, Westinghouse, McDonnell Douglas,
Morrison- Knudson, Wackenhut Security Systems, Boeing Aerospaco, Lorimar Aerospace, Acrospacial in France, Mitsibishi Industries, Rider Trucks, Bechtel, I.G.
Farben, plus a host of hundreds more. Is this what we are supposed to be living up to as freedom-loving people? I don't believe so. Still, 68% of the military budget is
directly or indirectly aflected by the black budget. Star Wars relies heavily upon stealth weaponry. By the way, none of the stealth program would have been available if
we had not taken apart crashed alien disks. None of it. Some of you might ask what the 'space shuttle' is 'shuttling'. Large ingots of special metals that are milled in
space and cannot be produced on the surface of the earth. They need the near vacuum of outer space to produce them. We are not even being told anything close to the
truth. I believe our government officials have sold us down the drain - lock, stock and barrel. Up until several weeks ago, I was employed by the US Govt with a Ryolite.
38 clearance factor - one of the highest in the world. I believe the Star Wars program is there solely to act as a buffer to prevent alien attack - it has nothing to do with
the 'cold war', which was only a toy to garner money from all the people - for what? The whole lie was planned and executed for the last 75 years. Here's another piece
of information for you folks. The Drug Enforcement Administration and the ATF rely on stealth tactical weaponry for as much as 40% of their operations budget. This
in 1993, and the figures have gone up considerably since. The United Nations used American stealth aircraft for over 28% of its collective worldwide operations from
1990 to 1992, according to the Center for Strategic Studies and UN Report 3092. The guardians of stealth. There are at least three distinct classifications of police that
guard our most well-kept secrets. Number one, the Military Joint Tactical Force (MJTF), sometimes called the Delta Force or Black Berets, is a multi-national tactical
force primarily used to guard the various stealth aircraft worldwide. By the way, there were 172 stealth aircraft built. Ten crashed, so there were at last count about 162.
Bill Clinton signed them away about six weeks ago to the United Nations. There have been indications that the Delta Force was sent over to Bosnia during the last days
of the Bush administration as a covert sniper force, and that they started taking pot shots at each side of the controversy, in order to actually start the Bosnia conflict
that would be used by succeeding administrations for political purposes. I was hired not too long ago to do a report on the World Trade Center bombing. I was hired
because I know about the 90 some odd varieties of chemical explosives. I looked at the pictures taken right after the blast. The concrete was puddled and melted. The
steel and the rebar was literally extruded up to six feet longer than its original length. There is only one weapon that can do that - a small nuclear weapon. That's a
construction-type nuclear device. Obviously, when they say that it was a nitrate explosive that did the damage, they're lying 100%, folks. The people they have in
custody probably didn't do the crime. As a matter of fact, I have reason to believe that the same group held in custody did do other crimes, such as killing a Jewish rabbi
in New York. However, I want to further mention that with the last explosion in Oklahoma City, they are saying that it was a nitrate or fertilizer bomb that did it. First,
they came out and said it was a 1,000 pound fertilizer bomb. Then, it was 1,500. Then 2,000 pounds. Now its 20,000. You can't put 20,000 pourds of fertilizer in a Rider
truck. Now, I've never mixed explosives, per se. I know the chemical structure and the application of construction explosives. My reputation was based on it. I helped
hollow out more than 13 deep underground military bases in the United States. I worked on the Malta project, in West Germany, in Spain and in Italy. I can tell you
from experience that a nitrate explosion would not have hardly shattered the windows of the federal building in Oklatoma City. It would have killed a few people and
knocked part of the facing off the building, but it would have never have done that kind of damage. I believe I have been lied to, and I am not taking it any longer, so I'm
telling you that you've been lied to. I don't perceive at this time that we have too much more than 6 mths of life left in this country, at the present rate. We are the
inughing stock of the world, because we are being hoodwinked by so many evil people that are runing this country. I think we can do better. I think the people over 45
are seriously worried about their future. I'm going to run some scary scenarios by you. The Contract With America. It contains the same terminology that Adolph Hitler
used to subvert Germany in 1931. I believe we can do better. 'The Contract With America is a last ditch effort by our federal government to tear away the Constitution
and the Bill of Rights. The black helicopters. There are over 64,000 black helicopters in the United States. For every hour that goes by, there is one being built. Is this the
proper use of our money? What does the federal government need 64,000 tactical helicopters for, if they are not trying to enslave us. I doubt if the entire military needs
64,000 worldwide. I doubt if all the world needs that many. There are 157 F-117A stealth aircraft loaded with LIDAR and computer-enhanced imaging radar. They can
see you walking from room to room when they fly over your house. They see objects in the house from the air with a variation limit of 1 inch to 30,000 miles. That's how
accurate that is. Now, I worked in the federal government for a long time, and I know exactly how they handle their business. The federal government has now invented
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2963, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an earthquake device. I am a geologist, and I know what I am talking about. With the Kobe earthquake in Japan, there was no pulsewave as in a normal earthquake.
None. In 1989, there was an earthquake in San Francisco. There was no pulse wave with that one either. It is a Tesla device that is being used for evil purposes. The
black budget programs have subverted science as we know it. Look at AIDs, invented by the National Ordinance Laboratory in Chicago, Illinois in 1972. It was a
biological weapon to be used against the people of the United States. The reason I know this is that I have seen the documentation by the Office of Strategic Services.
which by the way is still in operation to this day, through the CDC in Atlanta. They used the glandular excretions of animals, humans and alien humanoids to create the
virus. These alien humanoids the government is hobnobbing with are the worst news. There is absolutely no defense against their germs - none. They are a biological
weapon of terrible consequence. Every alien on the planet needs to be isolated. Saddam Hussain killed 3.5 million Kurdish people with a similar biological weapon. Do
we, the people of this planet, deserve this? No, we don't, but we are not doing anything about it. Every moment we waste, we are doing other people on the planet a
disservice. Right now, I am dying of cancer that I contracted because of my work for the federal government. I might live 6 mths. 1 might not. I will tell you one thing. If
I keep speaking out like I am, maybe God will give me the life to talk my head off. I will break every law that it takes to talk my head off. Eleven of my best friends in the
last 22 years have been murdered. Eight of the murders were called 'suicides". Before I went to talk in Las Vegas, I drove a friend down to Joshua Tree, near 29 Palms. I
drove into the mountains in order to get to Needles, California, and I was followed by two government E-350 vans with G-14 plates, each with a couple of occupants, one
of which had an Uzi. I knew exactly who they were. I have spoken 19 times and have probably reached 45,000 people. Well, I got ahead of them and came to a stop in the
middle of the road. They both went on either side of me and down a ravine. Is this what its going to take? I cut up my security card and sent it back to the government,
and told them if I was threatened, and I have been, that I was going to upload 140,000 pages of documentation to the internet about government structure and the whole
plan. I have already begun that task. Thank you very much. Phil Schneider
So, friends, now YOU know the TRUTH about EVERYTHING, how's about getting
up off your butt and spreading this info all over the Internet and the
front pages of every newspaper NOW!!
Yours in the battle for planet earth,
Rev
Cosmic Research Foundation
Markapur,
E-Mail
Tel
Date
23rd Feb 2009
Get a view of the world through MSN Video. Some things just cannot be left unseen. Try it!
3
