{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T17:30:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 37, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3809780, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123332-phil-schneider-august-18-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "ba309d9ed878b58f95a78fc0130c68184a1d2197aa18c108c733d889fba26ab9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 617, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
---=
Subject: [Fwd: Fw:
TYS (2). htm]
Date: Fri, 18 Aug 2000 09.30.50=0700
From: Cookie Best l
To: Kathy Best
Subject: Fw:
VS (2). htm
Date: Tue, T5 Aug 2000 09:47:37 -0700
Fror
Organizatio
T
vsJust a word of apology, I do believe this is the article :
senc
chat ended up a blank.
Hopefully this will not end up a blank, Thanks
Vonnie----- Original Message
From:
To:
Sent: Monday,
July 17, 2000 2:12 PM
subject:
Vs (2). htm
*
VS. THE NEW WORLD ORDER
•
¡the following article was downloaded from the INTERNET...]
Underground Bases! A Lecture by Phil Schneider: May 1995
=∞≥…Ğ====…_================
144
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3078, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1н налитилиці Yо (<).П1M]
a very brave man, recently lost his life due to what
appeared to be a military-style execution in January 1996. He was found dead '
in his apartment with piano wire still wrapped around his neck. According to
some sources, he had been brutally tortured repeated before being killed.
was an ex-government engineer who was involved in building
underground bases. He was one of three people to survive the 1979 fire fight
between the large Greys and U.S. intelligence
and military forces at Dulce
underground base. (Actually, one of several firefights, according to other
sources. A man by the name of L. Anderson of Denver, has informed this
writer that the survivors of the Dulce wars were taken and placed together
in groups of three and told that they were the only survivors of the
conflict. Apparently this was done to maintain more control over these
personnel and prevent potential leaks of information. - Branton)
In May 1995,
did a lecture on what he had discovered. Seven
months later
he was tortured and killed by those for whom he had previously
worked. This man's final acts should not go unnoticed.
—=--
___=_=-
"It is because of the horrendous structure of the federal government that I
feel directly imperiled *not* to tell anybody about this material. How long
I WIll be able to do this is anybody's guess. However, I would like to
mention that this talk is going to be broken up into four main topics. Each
of these topics will have some
whether you are patriots or not.
"I want you to know that these United states are a beautiful place. I have
gone to
more than 70 countries,
and I cannot remember any country that has
the beauty, as well as the magnificence of its people, like these United
States.
"To give you an overview of basically what I am, I started off and went
through engineering school. Half of my school was in that field, and I built
up a reputation for being a geological engineer, as well as a structural
engineer with both military and aerospace applications. I have helped build
two main bases in the United states that have some significance as far as
what is called the New World Order. The first base is the one at Duice, New
Mexico. I was involved in 1979 in a firefight with alien humanoids, and I
was one of the survivors. I'm probably the only talking survivor you wil.
ever hear. Iwo other survivors are under close guard. I am the only one left
that knows the detailed files of the entire operation. Sixty-six secret
service agents, FBI, Black Berets and the like, died in that firefight. I
was there.
"Number one, part of what I am going to tell you is going to be very
unbelievable, though,
you to put your copticals n. But piese tee Free to do you ore 5k
homework. I know the Freedom of Information Act isn't much to go on, but
it's the best we've got. The local law library is a good place to look for
Congressional Records. So,
if one continues to do their homework, then one
can be standing vigilant in regard to their country.
Seep Underground Military Bases and the Black Budget ::
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3416, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'I love the country I am living in, more than I love my life, but I would
not be standing before you now, risking my life, if I did not believe it was
so. The first part of this talk is going to concern deep underground
ilitary bases and the black busget. The Black Budget is a secretive budge
at garners 25% of the gross national product of the United states. Ir
Black Budget currently consumes $1.25 trillion per [2] years. At least this
amount is used in black programs, like those concerned with deep underground
military bases. Presently, there
are 129 deep underground military bases in
the United States.
"They have been building these 129 bases day and night, unceasingly, since
the early 1940's. Some of them were built even earlier
than that. These
bases are basically large cities underground connected by high-speed
magneto-leviton trains that have speeds up to Mach 2. Several books have
been written about this activity. Al Bielek has my only copy of one of them.
Richard Souder, a Ph-D architect,
has risked his life by talking about this.
He worked with a number of government agencies on deep underground military
bases. In around where you live, in Idaho, there are 11 of them.
"The average depth of these bases is over a mile, and they again are
basically whole cities underground. They all are
between 2.66 and 4.25 cubic
miles in size. They have laser drilling machines that can drill a tunnel
seven miles long in one day *The Black Projects sidestep the authority of
the New World Order is
depending on these bases. If I had known at the time I was working on them
that the NWO was involved, I would not have done it. I was lied to rather
extensively.
::: Development of Military Technology, Implied German Interest in
Hyperspacial Technology, and More :::
"Basically, as far as technology is concerned, for every calendar year that
he increase rate of
technology!. This is why it is easy to
understand that back in 1943 they were able to create, through the use of
vacuum tube technology, a ship that could literally disappear from one place
and appear in another place. My father, Otto Oscar Schneider, fought on both
sides of the war. He was originally a U-boat captain, and was captured and
repatriated in the United States. He was involved with different kinds of
concerns, such as the A-bomb, the H-bomb and the Philadelphia Experiment. He
invented a high-speed camera that took pictures of the first atomic
(Hydrogen or H-Bomb - Branton) tests at Bikini Island on July 12, 1946. I
have original photographs of that test, and the photos also show UFO's
fleeing the bomb site at a high rate of speed. Bikini Island at the time was
infested with them, especially under the water, and the natives had problems
with their animals being mutilated. At that time,* General MacArthur felt
that the next war would be with aliens from other worlds.
"Anyway, my father laid the groundwork with theoreticians about the
Philadelphia experiment, as well as other experiments. What does that have
to do with me? Nothing, other than the fact that he was my father. I don't
agree with what he did on the other side, but I think he had a lot of guts
in coming here. He was hated in Germany. There was a $1 million reward,
payable in gold, to anyone who killed him. Obviously, they didn't succeed.
Anyway, back to our topic -- deep underground bases.
::: The Fire Fight At Dulce Base :::
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 3502, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Back in 1954, under the Eisenhower administration, the 'federal' government
decided to circumvent the Constitution of the United States and form a
treaty with alien entities.*It was called the 1954 Greada Treaty, which
basically made the agreement that the aliens involved could take a few cows
and test their implanting techniques on a few human beings, but that they
had to give details about the people involved. Slowly,
aliens altered
the bargain until they decided they wouldn't abide by it at all. Back in
1979, this was the reality, and the fire-fight at Dulce occurred quite by
accident. I was involved in building an ADDITION to the deep underground
military base at Dulce, which is probably the deepest base. It goes down
seven levels and over 2.5 miles deep. At that particular time, we had
drilled four distinct holes in the desert, and we were going to link them
together and blow out large sections
at a time. My job was
holes and check the rock samples,
and recommend the explosive to deal with
the particular rock. As I was headed down there, we found ourselves amidst a
large cavern that was full of outer-space (or "inner-space"? - Branton)
aliens, otherwise known as large Greys. I shot two of them. At that time,
there were 30 people down there. About 40 more came down after this started,
and all of them got killed. We had surprised a whole underground base of
existing aliens. Later, Awe found out that they had been living on lin] our
planet for a long time... This could explain a lot of what is behind the
theory of ancient astronauts.
*(Note: This report seems to reveal a limited 'perspective' on the overall
'Dulce war' conflicts based on the experience of one individual. It appears,
.. however,
as if there was much more involved in the overall scenario than
what Phil Schneider describes. For instance from Phil's description, it
appears as if his team broke-in to the base
'accidentally'. It could be that
IN RESPONSE to the captured scientists mentioned by Thomas Edwin Castello
and others, the special forces and intel agents intentionally attempted to
break-in to the underground alien bases through a "back door" so-to-speak,
yet Schneidet may have not been aware of this part. Other reports would
suggest that the conflict was more complex than this, and involved more than
one firefight. According to other sources, the "Dulce Wars" involved AT
LEAST a hundred highly-trained special forces. - Branton)
"Anyway, I got shot in the chest with one of their weapons, which was a box
on their body,
that blew a hole in me and gave me a nasty dose of cobalt
radiation. I have had cancer because of that.
"I didn't get really interested in UFO technology until I started work at
Area 51, north of Las Vegas. After about two years recuperating after the
1979 incident, I went back to work for
Morrison and Knudson, EG&G and other companies. At Area 51, xthey were
testing all kinds of peculiar spacecraft. How many people here are familiar
with Bob Lazar's story? He was a physicist working at Area 51 trying to
decipher the propulsion factor in some of these craft.
:::
Contracts :::
Worries About Government Factions, Railroad Cars and Shackle
"Now, I am very worried about the activity of the 'federal' government. They
in Portland, Oregon. He worked at Gunderson Steel Fabrication, where they
nake railroad cars. Now, I knew this fellow for the better part of 30 years,
and he was kind of a quiet type. He came in to see me one day, excited, and
:
8/23/00 8:44 AM
:

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3278, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ed: Fw: PHIL SCHNEIDER VS (2) htm]
he told me "they're building prisoner cars." He was nervous.
said, had a contract with the federal government to build 107,200 full
length railroad cars, each with 143 pairs of shackles. There are 11
sub-contractors in this giant project. Supposedly, Gunderson got over 2
billion dollars for the contract. Bethlehen Steel and other steel outfits
are involved. He showed me one of the cars in the rail yards in North
Portland. He was right. If you multiply 107,200 times 143 times 11, you come
up with about 15,000,000. This is probably the number of people who disagree
with the federal government. No more can you vote any of these people out of
office. Our present structure of government is 'technocracy", not democracy,
and it is a form of feudalism.
(Note: I would venture to say
that it is more like a techno-monarchy, since
several of the U.S. presidents have been placed in office with Rockefeller
financial and media backing, suggesting that these same presidential
hirelings were inclined to favor certain Rockefeller and in turn
International banking agendas. Techno-Monarchy would constitute
those parts
of the Military-Industrial Complex or M.I.C. that are largely influenced by
Rockefeller interests. According to various
sources, the German immigrant
13 Wicca Masons, 13 Black Nobility, and 13 Maltese Jesuits who have joined
together UNDER the covering of the Bavarian Illuminati -- which in turn is
the modern manifestation of the joint human-alien 'serpent cult' which seems
to have had its origins within the ancient underground Masonic systems of
- Egypt, a cult of collaboration that was brought to Bavaria by the early
Germanic Trade Guilds during the height of the so-called 'Holy Roman'
[German] Empire - Branton).
It Ithis 'technocracy'| has nothing to do with the republic of the United
States. These people are god-less,
and have legislated out prayer in public
schools. You can get fined up to $100, 000 and two years in prison for
praying in school. I believe we can do better. I also believe that the
federal government is running the gambit of enslaving the people of the
United states. I am not a very good speaker, but I'll keep shooting my mouth
off until somebody puts a
bullet in me, because it's worth it to talk to a group like this about these
atrocities.
::: America's Black Program Contractors :::
"There are other problens. I have some interesting 1993 figures. There are
29 prototype stealth aircraft presently. The budget from the U.S. Congress
five-year plan for these is $245.6 million. You couldn't buy the spare parts
for these black programs for that amount. So, we've been lied to. The black
budget is toughly . trillion every two yeais. A trillion is a thousand
billion. A trillion dollars weighs 11 tons.
The U.S. Congress never sees the
books involved with this clandestine pot of gold. Contractors of [thesel
programs: EGaG, Westinghouse, McDonnell, Douglas, Morrison-Knudson, Wackenhut
security systems.
France, Mitsubishi Industries, Rider Trucks, Bechtel
Ten Aerospace rumar erose PersOn
Farben*, plus a
host of hundreds more.
Is this what we are supposed to be living up to as
freedom-loving people? I don't believe so.
::: Star Wars and Apparent Alien Threat :::
•{44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2770, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* "Still, 688 of the military budget is directly or indirectly affected by the
black budget. Star Wars relies heavily upon stealth weaponry. By the way,
*none of the stealth program would
have been available if we had not taken
apart crashed. alien disks. None of it. Some of you might ask what the "space
shuttle" is "shuttling" *Large ingots of special metals that are milled in
space and cannot be produced on the surface of the earth. They need the near
vacuum of outer space to produce them. We are not even being told anything
close to the truth. I believe our government officials have SOLD us down the
drain - Iock, stock and barrel. Up until several weeks ago, I was employed
by the U.S. government with a Ryolite-38 clearance factor -- one of the
highest in the world.*I believe the Star wars program is there
solely to aft
as a buffer to prevent alien attack - it has nothing to do with the "cold
war", which was only a ploy to garner money from all the people -- for what?
The whole lie was planned and executed for the last 75 years.
Stealth Aircraft Technology Use by U.S. Agencies and the United Nations
"Here's another piece of information fOr you folks."The Drug Enforcement
Administration and the AIF rely on stealth tactical weaponry for as much as
of their operations budget. This in 1993, and the figures have gone up
considerably since. The United Nations used American stealth aircraft for
over 28% of its collective worldwide operations from 1990 to 1992, according
::: The Guardians of Stealth and Delta Force Origins of the Bosnia Conflict
:::
"The Guardians of Stealth: There are at least three distinct classifications
of police that guard our most well-kept secrets. Number one, the Military
Joint Tactical Force [MUTE), sometimes called the Delta Force or Black
Berets,
is a MULTI-NATIONAL tactical force primarily used to guard the
various stealth aircraft worldwide. By the way, there were 172 stealth
aircraft built.
Ten crashed,
so there were at last count about 162. Bill Clinton signed them
away about six weeks ago TO THE UNITED NATIONS.*There have been indications
that the Delta Force was sent over to Bosnia during the last days of the
Bush administration as a covert sniper force, and that they started taking
pot shots at each side of the controversy, in order to actually START the
Bosnia conflict that would be used by succeeding administrations for
political purposes.
::: Thoughts on the Bombings in the United States :::
The concrete was puddled and melted. The steel and the rebar was literally
extruded up to six feet longer than its original length. There is only one
veapon that can do that -- a small nuclear weapon.. That's a
construction-type nuclear dêvice. Obviously, when they say that it was
:44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3716, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nitrate explosive that did the damage, they're lying 100%, folks. The people
they have in custody probably didn't do the crime. As a matter of fact, I
have reason to believe that the same group held in custody did do other
crimes, such as killing a Jewish rabbi in New York. However, I want to
further mention that with the last explosion in Oklahoma City, they are
saying that it was a nitrate or fertilizer bomb that did it.
"First, they came out and said it was a 1,000 pound fertilizer bomb. Then,
it was 1,500. Then 2,000 pounds. Now its 20,000. You CAN'T put 20, 000 pounds
of fertilizer in a Rider Truck. Now, I've never mixed explosives, per se. I
know the chemical structure and the application of construction explosives.
My reputation was based on it. I helped hollow out more than 13 deep
underground military bases in the United States. I worked on the MALTA
project, In west Germany, in Spain and in Italy. I can tell you from
experience that a nitrate explosion would not have hardly shattered the
windows of the federal building in Oklahoma City. It would have killed a few
people and knocked part of the facing off the building, but it would never
have done that kind of damage. I believe I have been lied to,
and I am not
taking it any longer, so I'm
telling you that you've been lied to.
CALy bombing ander the te pain ye and end pings in a possibi
United Nations - New World Order agenda. - Branton)
#1 - From the WWW-INTERNET Page: THE EYE OF THE EAGLE SPEAKS:
•..An evil element of the U.S. government's CIA,
known as the "Committee of
Ten, " admittedly blew up the Federal Building in Oklahoma City. The blame
The children were murdered to procure sympathy, money,
was put on Timothy Meveigh la "throw-away/patsy" like lee karend swatto
over thè American people,
and the "Constitution-loving" people known as
patriots are BLAMED Iproof: see Internet, also Associated Press
Investigation -- Call EDI Short-wave Channel 12160, satellite Galaxy 6, 5-G2
transponder 141. Iwo CIA agents, James Black and Ron Jackson, admit to
Boswell they were part of the
"Committee of Ten" who blew up
the oklahoma
city Federal Building on April 29, 1995. They gave sworn affidavits to U.S.
Justice Department officials lout
of guilt for the dead children?). They are
in hiding until the case comes to court..
On the Dan Gregory Radio Talk Show WPBR 1540, Florida, Ted Gunderson,
cetired FBI Regional Director -- Mr. Gunderson tells how IWO explosions
escurred, and that the bomb used was called a barometric bomb, or "daisy
cutter:" The fertilizer bomb was also a smoke screen. The ATF Office was the
blast target -- and ALL 17 ATE EMPLOYEES DID NOT SHOW UP FOR WORK that
morning.
'Call CNN News for a transcript of CNN News correspondent's Gary
Tuchman's May 29, 1995, CNN News interview with Edye Smith, a mother who
lost two children. She wanted to know if government employees had advance
warning of the blast because her two little boys, Chase (3 years] and Colton
[2 years], had none. "We [all the mothers who lost children] are being
to keep our mouths shut, not talk about it, don't ask those questions."
12 - "The Phoenix Project" is an Ashtar Collective outlet, although they do
carry 'conventional' conspiracy-related news releases. Before quoting from
"The Phoenix Project" paper I would like to make some comments on the
"Ashtar" alliance which backs this organization and its intervention in the
affairs of planet earth. It is the policy of the channeled 'Ashtar' sources
to expose certain conspiracy-related information, however in most cases the
for these conspiracies are
on 'Jewish Zionism'. When you
understand the conflict between 'Jewish' and the Ashtar-backed 'Bavarian'
14
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 4293, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• •
secret societies you may further understand this animosity. True, because
Zionism is a political force they do have some connection with the Masonic
element of the 'conspiracy', the B'nai Brith and so on,
as do ALL religious
movements who stray into areas of masonic-economic-political manipulation
Iwhich constitutes most of the major denominations by the way, considering
the massive Scottish Rite infiltration of the major denominational
However 'Jewish Masonry' is NOT the dominant Masonic faction,
that place is reserved for the Jesuit's 'Scottish Rite' and the Black
Nobility's Rite of the 'Illuminati'. So then, some elements of 'Jewish
Masonry' may be 'cooperating' with the New world Order agenda, but they are
ultimately subservient to the racist power cults of BAVARIA, This is
Zionist Rothschilds were UNABLE TO PREVENT the slaughter of over 6 million
Jews in the Holocaust,
because the Jewish Masons were NOT the dominant
The Rothschilds' supposed economic collaborators in America,
Germanic-racist Rockefellers, were pressured into serving and carrying out
the RACIST-EUGENIC policies of their cultic superiors in Bavaria, in order
to be allowed to maintain their economic stranglehold on America Following
worid war II,
the Rockefellers recieved a flood of Nazi War criminals into
their fold, giving them refuge and immunity within their massive corporate
The Jewish Masons, such as the Rothschilds, were only a PART of a THIRD
[Wicca Masonic] element of the global power network, competing with the
other two-thirds working within the Black Nobility and the Maltese Jesuit
That is, until all three agreed to work together under the
'Bildeberger' organization in order to implement the NWO and then decide
later Just who would dominate it. Just why the Rothschild Wicca-Masons would
agree to become a part of the Bildeberger cult is uncertain. Perhaps they
were not fully aware of the part that the Jesuit-Rockefeller elements played
in the Nazi Holocaust, or the actual extent of the influx of Nazi war
criminals into the Rockefeller empire following the war? A more likely
explanation would be a combination of the following Some of the Zionists
who collaborated with the Rockefellers were not fully aware of the racist
Anti-Jewish elements involved; some of the 'Jewish Masons' just didn't care
and were in essence willing to sell out their own kind in exchange for
POWER; also the Jesuit's Scottish Rite had succeeded in Infiltrating Jewish
York Rite British] Masonry to the point where its assimilation into the
Bavarian-controlled NO Bildeberger cult would be
ensured.
XIn fact there is some reason to believe that the Bavarians [and aliens?]
were using the Wicca Masons, Black Nobility and Maltese Jesuit as HIGH-LEVEL
Machievellian 'arms' to create political, economic and religious conflict in
the world. In other words the lower levels of these three formerly
'competitive' global power cults would be individuals who were devoted to
the idea that THEIR respective lodge[s] should be in control of the New
World Order and were therefore to engage in fraternal warfare with the
backed Jesuits. The Sirian humanoids and the Rigelian reptiloids, being
formerly at odds, were now being brought together by the Aldebaran-backed
Ashtarian collectivists and their 'New Galactic Order' agenda. Planet earth
is NOT the only place where 'Machievellian/Hegalian' political agendas have
'Bavarian Black Nobility' allies and repeats the same
thesis-antithesis-synthesis scenario on earth between the Masons and
Jesuits,
eventually merging them into a power structure that is ultimately
controlled [on earth] by the Bavarian black gnostic 'serpent' cult from it's
secret hideaways below Gizeh, Egypt; Pine Gap, Australia; Dulce, New Mexico,
etc. This power-center would
in turn have placed its agents within the
Jesuit, Nobility and Masonic 'arms' in order to manipulate these three
power-groups towards their own ends. For instance, even though lower-level
initiates of these three lodges would favor their own lodge over the others,
the CONTROLLING ELITE of all three elements would never-the-less be agents
of the Bavarian 'Babylonian Serpent Cult' itself. Certain members of the
Black Nobility families would sell out to the cult and turn these families
{44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3627, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
wu: Fw: PHIL SCHNEIDER VS (2) htm]
in whatever direction the cult dictated; high-ranking Scottish Rite members
of the Wicca Mason faction would likewise be serving the Bavarian agenda via
the Illuminati; and the high-ranking Jesuits themselves would in turn be
serving the Bavarian elite, since Germany was after all the headquarters of
the [Un]Holy Roman Empire and NOT Rome, which capitulated its
center-of-power over to Germany following the decline of the earlier Roman
Empire.
*This is one 'perspective' from which this can all be viewed, although it is
certainly not the only perspective.
According to contactee Israel Norkin however, the Ashtar or Astarte alien
collective - which has a large following in Aldebaran and other systems and
which played an integral part in the ancient Sirian-Orion conflict over
ancient Egypt -- is a subterran/exterran alliance, a virtual 'collective
group mind', that has since been infiltrated by the 'Unholy Six' Empires of
orion. If this is true, then this does not necessarily mean that ALl of the
collective' are working for UH, especially when more
recent contactee accounts have stated that a civil war has been taking place
in Sirius. This 'war' has apparently been waged because the 'infiltrated"
faction of the collective that has been infiltrated and commandeered by the
Orionite forces, has in turn broken free from the remaining segment of the
collective.*This remaining segment has since established close ties with
Pleiadean non-interventionists. Actually, IF they hold true to the
non-interventionist policies, one would think that this remaining element of
the 'alliance' would give up the collectist agenda altogether, and adopt the
" sovereigntist philosophy which teaches the respect for personal sovereignty
from a planetary down to an individual level. Since a collective, hive or
group mind tends to KILL human individuality and sovereignty,
existence would seem to be ever at odds with non-interventionism.
*Just as non-interventionists believe in planetary sovereignty, which is a
more
'cosmic' manifestation of the same principles which appear in the
American
'Bill of Rights' in respect to personal sovereignty,
realize that just as with America, the non-interventionists have not
"arrived" at the perfect fulfillment of their philosophy any more than the
'American dream' has become a full reality. Since this universe is imperfect
and subject to human agency, it is a continuous struggle to EIGHT to defend
liberty, freedom and sovereignty whether on an inter-planetary or an inter
personal level, So even though we must continue to fight and struggle to
maintain planetary, national or personal sovereignty in a universe where it
is continually being threatened by parasitical- interventionist-imperialistic
forces, the non-interventionist charters of the 'Federation'
Constitutional charters of 'America' are nevertheless GOALS for us to work
(towards.
With this foundation laid then, the following are excerpts from CONTACT: THE
PHOENIX PROJECT, June 20, 1995:
"I happened to mention that I had heard, very early after the oklahoma city
bombing, some mention of there being an 18-story underground associated with
was discussing the bomb pattern with, I think, the building's original
designer or architect.
"But I never heard it mentioned again, in all the days of further reporting,
as the enormous magnitude of that tragedy continued to unfold,
doctoring of the most dazzling intensity (that is, anti-militia and
anti-patriot 'spin-doctoring'. - Branton)
"As happens in such cases of instant news sanitation, one begins to question
{44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 623, "chars": 3900, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"So, in that 5/30/95 Front Page editorial I asked if anyone else out there
had heard about this interesting and apparently 'neglected' feature of the
Oklahoma City federal building. After all, Jongtime CONTACT readers are well
aware of all the diabolical, tunnel-intercornected, secret underground
facilities around the country. Thus, even the mere
possibility of a major
UNDERGROUND aspect to the structure
beings a whole new provocative array of
dimensions into this already bizarre picture called the
'official' Oklahoma
City blast story. For instance, the 'rumors' about serious Fed-incriminating
Waco evidence being stored at that Oklahoma City site take on new life if an
underground connection is genuine (for instance, there were reports that
some agents IGNORED wounded children and employees among the ruins and went
instead straight into the rubble to 'rescue' the boxes of secret implicating
documents deeper within the building. Or did they remove these documents
only to be destroyed at a later time,
so that 'they' could claim that all of
this 'evidence' had been destroyed in the blast? - Branton).
"On 6/7/95 we recieved an interesting, excited telephone call at the CONTACT
offices from someone who had read my editorial and could confirm having
heard EARLY news reports which were not only similar to what I had heard,
but made what I heard sound like last week's used coffee grounds. Rick
: Martin took the call and, after hearing the news, asked this person to take
a deep, calming breath and then put their thoughts down on paper.
"Let me quote from that letter,
recieved at the CONTACT offices on 6/15/95.
This is from E.B.W., writing from the Pacific Northwest State of Washington.
- "[QUOTING] I watched the Oklahoma bombing RIGHT AFTER it happened. I had the
TV on and all of a sudden it switched to this scene where a bombing had just
taken place. At first, I did not pay much attention; I was busy doing
something else. I would listen in every once in a while. The anchorwoman, oI
reporter, from
the local IV station, was running around, babbling excitedly.
At least once,
that I remember,
people were asked to leave the scene and
it showed everybody running like mad. They HAD FOUND ADDITIONAL BOMBS, or
bomb, and the detonation squad was called in to defuse it.
"During all this commotion, running and
reporting, the lady reporter kept
talking about the UNDERGROUND TUNNELS, which had been blown open. She kept
referring to the HUGE UNDERGROUND TUNNELS and there may be people trapped in
there. I heard her refer to the UNDERGROUND TUNNELS at least about 6 to
the period I watched. I'm not quite sure how long that was.
Maybe 1 to 2 hours.
"A lady friend of mine called me and wanted to know if I had seen the
FIREMAN ON THE SCENE, who went in front of the camera, totally freaked,
wide-eyed and scared, who talked about HUGE UNDERGROUND TUNNELS, where
ENORMOUS SUPPLIES OF ARMS WERE STORED. He said he saw MISSILES,
ETC. I don't remember what else he saw. But HE WAS TOTALLY FREAKED OUT. He
looked like he had seen a ghost. Hope this helps.
Please don't use my name. I will try to get my friend to write down
what she knows. [END OF QUOTING]"
*An 18-level underground base? CIA involvement? A huge military arsenal?
Unless I'm mistaken, could this be ONE of the NEW WORLD ORDER underground
bases mentioned by Phil Schneider? If so,
UNITED NATIONS crack-down on American Patriots, AND/OR a possible European
NEW WORLD ORDER invasion of American soil occurs... could such an invasion
points when things get tolling, or so the Commu-Nazis running the New
world Order plot hope.*There are some who believe that the Y.N. - N.W.O.
forces are attempting to precipitate internal civil crisis' in America as a
‚retext to bringing in multi-national U.N. "peace-keeping" forces to restore
"order", that is, the "New World" type of "Order". If there is too much
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3291, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.:.
di
resistance, then a possible U.N.-backed invasion by U.N. member countries --
many of whom despise America anyway thanks to the likes of the CIA -- will
be initiated to help these "peace-keepers". I recently read a news-story
where the entire Iranian parliament collectively shouted "Death to America",
and from what I've heard that wasn't the first time another countries'
leadership declared their hatred for the USA and their desire to see it land
Israell destroyed... and we can include several Communist dictators as well.
The Iranian reaction may have been partly due to the CIA's intervention in
their affairs, however I think the main reason is that the USA is one of
Israel's strongest allies I would suggest that we remember that Israel is
the oldest continuous culture on earth -- predating the Chinese culture by
500 years; it is one of the smallest cultures whereas numbers are concerned;
has fought more enemies who have sought its destruction than possibly any
other nation on earth: and has against ALL possible odds survived to this
as a single people. I would suggest that we DO NOT cease from an
alliance with the Jews. Whether one considers Israel as having 'God' or
'good-fortune' on their side, history nevertheless has shown that those
cultures that have opposed Israel have a strange I way of disappearing from
the face of the earth.
*As for a possible New World Order takeover, some skeptics -- in spite of the
lessons that should have been learned from World War II -- claim that
conditions could never reach such a point. However what if the following
report has any truth to it?
*#3 - Keep in mind that the following incident ties-together the UNITED
NATIONS - NEW WORLD ORDER scenario [which 1s obviously Intent on destroying
the American Independence movement which is the last MAJOR obstacle to World
Government], the OKLAHOMA CITY AREA, and multi-national U.N.-backed military
forces now training on American soil. The following information comes from a
source which has investigated actual UNITED NATIONS preparations, IN THE
UNITED STATES, to deal with any resistance to a 'New World Order'
dictatorship.
Take note that FEMA iS a major New World Order front with SEVERAL extensive
operational underground bases which,
Tike ünderground Trojan horses, exist
beneath strategic locations throughout the United States:
"'FINCEN' CONFIRMED PRE-DEPLOYMENT LOCATIONS: south and east-central
California; west-central Montana; north Texas: west-central Wisconsin;
north-east Illinois; south-east Michigan; central Indiana; south-west Ohio;
north New York; south Delaware; south Maryland; north-east Virginia.
north-east North Carolina; central, south Florida.
"ALL FINCEN EQUIPMENT_IS BLACK, FINCIN UNIFORMS, HELICOPTERS, ETC. FINCEN
ARE FOREIGN MILITARY AND SECRET POLICE BROUGHT INTO THE UNITED STATES FOR
DEPLOYMENT AGAINST THE U.S. CITIZENS. MOST IDENTIFIED FINCEN UNITS ARE AT
COMPANY STRENGTH (160+). SOME ARE AS LARGE AS BRIGADE STRENGTH (2600+)
* "FINCEN'S MISSION IS:
House to house search and seizure of property and arms.
Sarge paration and categorization of men, women and children as prisoners in
" Transfer to detention facilities of aforementioned prisoners.
"CONFIRMED MUTE (Multi-Jurisdictional Task Force] POLICE LOCATIONS:
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 3064, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
north-west washington; central, south California, south-west, south-east, north
Wyoming; north, north-west, south-west Nebraska; north Texas;
Missouri; west-central, south-east wisconsin; north-east Illinois;
central, south-east Michigan; central Indiana; north-central Kentucky;
south, south-west ohio; north, south-east New York; south-central North
Carolina; west-central Georgia; south-east Florida; central (?) Alaska.
* "'THE MTE IS THE VELVET GLOVE ON THE IRON FIST' -- MOTTO ON THE COVER PAGE
OF THE MJTE GUIDELINES AND AUTHORIZING LEGISLATION.
"The MJTE Police is made up of:
) MILITARY - Converts those National Guard Units that are not banned by
the president, into a National Police Force.
Converts all surviving local and state police to national police.
"3) Converts street gangs into law enforcement units for house to house
searches [L.A., Chicago, and New York are in the process now]
"MJTE POLICE MISSION:
House to house search and seizure of property and firearms.
Separation and categorization of men, women and children as prisoners in
large numbers.
Transfer to and the operation of detention camps in the U.S. |43+ Camps]
"UNITED NATIONS COMBAT GROUPS CONFIRMED LOCATIONS: east-central, south
california; north-west, west, south-west Montana; south Arizona; north Texas;
north, south-east New York; north New Jersey;
north-west, north-central, north-east North Carolina; west-central Georgia.
"UNITED NATIONS BATTLE GROUPS ENTRANCE TO UNITED STATES PASSED UNDER
PRESIDENTIAL EXECUTIVE ORDERS SIGNED 11 NOVEMBER 1990 (Note: There are those
who are convinced that WITH the Assassination of President John F. Kennedy a
'coup d'etat' took place within the Executive branch of American government
via Internationalist groups
who are determined to destroy the U.S.
constitution, and that the 'presidents' who were manipulated into office
since that time -- mostly C.E.R., T.L.C. and BILDEBERGER members -- have
signed numerous un-constitutional 'executive orders' designed to pave the
way for world dictatorship. If this is the case, then Americans have the
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT to resist this FOREIGN U.N. - N.W.O. government, a
right which is also laid down in the DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. As for the
Kennedy assassination itself,
and those behind it, Louisiana District
itorney vames Garrison in an interview with Playboy magazine made th
ollowing statement in regards to Lee Harvey Oswald: ".*.Our office ha
positively identified a number of his associates as neo-Nazis. Oswald would
have been more at home with Mein Kampf than Das Kapital. " - Branton)
"DETENTION FACILITIES AUTHORIZED THROUGH FEMA AND AUGMENTED BY DOD BUDGET
AMENDMENT PASSED WITH 1991 FISCAL BUDGET:
"north, south-west, south-east wyoming; north-west, north-east, south
Nebraska; north, central (?) Texas; central Wisconsin;
central, south-west, south, south-east Michigan; north-east, west-central, south
Indiana; north-west, north-east, central, south Ohio; west, north, east New York.
" Each site can detain between 32, 000 to 44,000 people min.
{44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2520, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-on men.
It is indicated that the Iexas and Alaskan sites may be much larger and
more heavily armed.
For the areas west of the Mississippi, OKLAHOMA CITY is the central
processing point for detainees and can handle up to 100,000 people at a
time.
The Eastern processing center is not yet identified at this time.
"DETENTION FACILITIES -- 23 FEMA Authorized and stationed; 20 DOD
[Department of Defensel Budget authorized and stationed -- 43 TOTAL.
Note: In Red China an untold number of people are suffering in Communist
'Laogai' camps as slave laborers; in soviet Russia it was the 'Gulag' camps.
In Nazi Germany the 'Concentration' camps were not only used as slave camps,
but also as extermination camps to carry out the genocidel plans of American
Corporate and European Militant 'Nazis'. The enemy of SOVEREIGNTISM_1s
COLLECTISM, which is also known as "Socialism". Socialism comes in many
forms: Global Socialism (Communism]; National Socialism_ [Fascism): and
¡ Corporate Socialism [Technocracy) *All three movements are ultimately
controlled by the same Luciferian cults of Bavaria who backed Vladimir
Lenin, Adolph Hitler, and John D. Rockefeller, and who are descended from
the very same cults which ruled the (Un]Holy Roman Empire during the Dark
Ages [see Revelation chapter 17]. I have only one thing to say concerning
these plans for confinement camps here in America, and I'm sure that most of
"our jewish-American citizens who share this country with us -- ALl of us
motormentals on those ten bate ery.
nose ancestors came from all parts of the world and from all differen
ultures in order to be free from tyranny - will agree with m
whole-heartedly when I share their battle-cry: "NEVER AGAIN!!!"
#4 - The following is from the Patriot Archives ftp site at:
ftp://tezcat.com/patriot
If you have any other files you'd like to contribute, e-mail them to
alex@spiral.org.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA
::: : ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::::: ::: ::: :
Although an excellent article, the January 1995 edition of 'Monitoring
Times' magazine published only a tiny portion of what FEMA has been tasked
by Executive Order to perform*FEMA was brought into existence by E.O. [That
is, by Presidents like those who replaced or came after JFK!!! -- many of
whose campaigns were financed by the Rockefellers and promoted by
cats sect i cary naustria see agent generce that are i and
subject to Congressional oversight!]
All the frequencies I have for FEMA follow my comments here:
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2733, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Federal Emergency Management Agency [F.E.M.A.] [and other emergency
agencies]:
F.E.M.A. (Federal Emergency Management Agency] has been 'authorized' for the
past 15 years by Presidential Executive Orders to confiscate ALL PROPERTY
from the American People, separate families in the current 43 internment
camps [already built and operational by the way, 5 of which are located in
Georgia. The largest can confine somewhere
on the order of 100,000 American
citizensl, called relocation camps by the
'government', for assignment to
work camps; declares martial law and TOTALLY OVER-RIDES the U.S.
Constitution. Presidential Executive Orders that are related or control this
are given at
the end of this. Iwo of the state prisons here in Georgia are
currently empty, although manned by a minimal number of staff, have been
setup and intentionally unpopulated by prisoners just to support this
political policy.
Concentration [internment) Camps. An Executive Order signed by then
President BUSH in 1989 authorized the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(F.E.M.A.] to build 43 primary camps [having a capacity of 35,000 to 45,000
prisoners
EACH] and also authorized hundreds of secondary facilities. It is
interesting to note that several of these facilities can accommodate 100,000
prisoners. These facilities have been completed and many are already manned
but as yet contain no prisoners. [Remember all the TALK of over-crowded
prisons that exist...]. In south Georgia there are several state prisons
that except for a few guards, are completely devoid of prisoners.
• Under F.E.M.A., the Executive Orders which are already written and is the
current law of the land, Yalls for the COMPLETE suspension of the United
States Constitution, all rights and liberties, as they are currently known.
The following executive orders, which are in the Federal Register located in
Washington DC for anyone to request copies of, call for the suspension of
all civil rights and liberties and for extraordinary measures to be taken
in, as most of the orders state,
"any national security emergency situation
that might confront the government." When F.E.M.A. is implemented, the
following executive orders will be immediately enforced:
E.O.
*E.O. 12148 - FEMA national security emergency, such as: national disaster,
social unrest, insurrection, OR national financial crisis.
#E.O. 10995 - '...
provides for the seizure of ALL communications media in
the United States."
NE.O. 10997-"... provides for the seizure of ALl electric power, petroleum,
fuels and minerals, both public and private."
*E.O. 10998 - "... provides for the seizure of ALl food supplies and
resources, public and private, and ALL farms, lands, and equipment."
"44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1925, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*E.O. 11000 - "... provides for the SEIZURE OF ALL AMERICAN PEOPLE for Work
forces under federal supervision, including SPLITTING UP OF FAMILIES if the
government has
to."
*E.O. 11001 - "... provides for government seizure of ALL health, education
and welfare functions."
*E.O. 11002 - .
REGTSTRANION of
and signate the postmas gene pea
all persons."
local post office to be separated and assigned to a new area. Here is where
families would be
separated].
KE.O.11003-"
... provides for the government to take over ALL airports and
aircraft, commercial, public and PRIVATE."
·E.O. 11004 - "... provides for the Housing and Finance Authority to relocate
communities,
designate areas to be abandoned and establish new locations for
populations."
* E.O. 11005 - "... provides for the govérnment to TAKE OVER railroads, inland
waterways, and public storage facilities."
E.O. 11051 - "... the office of Emergency Planning [has] complete
authorization to put the above orders
into effect in time of increased
international tension or economic or financial crisis."
(What about an 'engineered' financial crisis, which in turn would most
likely lead to 'social unrest'? This all depends on the decision of the
current President. But then we must
Presidency anyway? MANY within the Continental Congress, fearing the rise of
Monarchy, had originally opposed the establishment of a Chief Executive
position süch as the one that General George Washington was elected to. They
do a tea never eaten do i enter relie beanen arost son :
governe tat get control deadle now that daccording to mace the
coup of 1963=- and give back control of the government to the CONGRESS as
It was in the beginning. Congress by majority vote CAN do away with the
Executive position if they choose to de se - Branton)
All of the above executive orders were combined by President NIXON (I rest
my case - Branton) into Executive Order 11490,
14
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4287, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Executive Order 12919: "National Defense Industrial Resources Preparedness"
signed by CLINTON June 3, 1994, delegates authorities, responsibilities and
allocations of F.E.M.A.'s Executive Orders [last entryl for the confiscation
of ALL PROPERTY from the American people, and their re-location and
assignment to 'labor' camps. The Executive Order also supersedes or revokes
eleven (11) previous Executive Orders [from 1939 through 1991] and amends
Executive Order 10789 and 11790*Ihis executive order is A DECLARATION OF
WAR AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE by the [Secret] Government of the United
states in concert with the UNITED NATIONS.
Operation Dragnet. Janet Reno can implement this operation upon receiving
one call from the President. Arrest warrants will be issued via computer to
round-up over 1 MILLION PATRIOTIC AMERICANS who may 'resist' the NEW WORLD
ORDER. Americans who are not 'politically correct.' Specifically mentioned
are CHRISTIANS or those who read the Bible. Concentration/internment camps
already been built to accommodate these American prisoners. See
paragraph as these internment camps have been setup and are run by E.E.M.A.
(Note: In reference to Christians, just where should they/we stand in
regards to defending America? Should Christians take up arms if necessary?
Apparently the Founding
fathers of the American Republic believed so,
long as it was in order to DEFEND their country, their women and children...
and NOT in order tó engage in offensive warfare for the sake of conquering
and exploiting others, which to me would be "living by the sword" or you
"making a living" by the sword. This could be exemplified by the
Germans who initiated unprovoked invasions of their neighbors to meet their
economic needs during World Wars I and II. One might ask, what about all the
Orthodox Jews and Greek Orthodox Christians who went to their deaths like
lambs to the slaughter without resisting during World war II? Why didn't
they fight more zealously to defend themselves? That is a hard question and
one that I don't have an answer for. All I can say is that from my study of
no passage that forbids us from defending
ourselves from aggressors -- at least in a national sense, however we ARE
forbidden to become aggressors ourselves or engage in conflicts which are
offensive father than defensive oriented. The offensive attacks against the
from the Anglo invasion of North
America, can NOT be justified through scripture, and such policies and
mistreatment of the native Americans, the continuous betrayal of treaties,
and the stealing of their God-given land in the past have or will doubtless
adverse affect on America's destiny UNLESS reparations are made to
the native peoples - for instance a restoration of historical territories.
Perhaps the Greys felt justified in repeatedly violating our government's
'treaties' with them because 'we' had done the exact same thing to
native Americans? Perhaps we DESERVED the abuses that the Greys and
their Bavarian collaborators have inflicted upon us? Perhaps our nation's
destiny will be largely determined by how we treat the native Americans from
begin to honor ALl of the treaties that 'we'
had made and broken in the past? Could it be? On the other hand, if
OFFENSIVE warfare is forbidden by God, then DEFENSIVE warfare against a
soil or an internal threat to our freedoms as
of Rights WOULD from my perspective be
justified. In Psalm 125:3 we lead how the rule of the wicked is a DIRECT
VIOLATION of the will of God: "...For the wicked shall not rule the godly,
lest the godly be forced to do wiong." A perfect example would be the
Lutherans of Germany who all-too-often capitulated to the Nazi's and their
'state church', in spite of the fact that most of the Nazi leaders were
themselves backed by Luciferian cults which the Christians should have
resisted. Instead, many of these backslidden Christians in Germany
grudgingly supported the atrocities of their Nazi leaders, and by default
the extermination by the millions of Jewish men, women and children. Why
could Martin Luther himself stand alone against hundreds of pompish
religious hypocrites at
the council of worms in Germany and boldly accuse
them of pharasitical blasphemy and idolatry to their face, yet many of his
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 667, "chars": 4215, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Protestant followers - not detracting from those few brave souls who DID
resist -- gave-in right and left to the Nazi satanists,
and in some cases
even contributed to the atrocities of World Wars I and II? In short then,
Christianity does not teach that one SHOULD take up the sword, and it does
not teach that one SHOULD NOT take up the sword in a defensive capacity. It
all depends on one's own personal choice and faith. There is a warning
however that those who do take up the sword should consider the possibility
that they might die in battle. Then again one might die by NOT taking up the
sword if they are captured and placed in death camp. It all comes down to
ones personal choice, based on the prevailing circumstances. It is written
that the "meek shall
inherit the earth". This does not mean the "weak",
since the actual meaning of "meek" is literally "a stallion in restraint" OI
someone who shows self-control over their passions.
Logically those who run
out onto the battlefield "to die for their country" in a blaze of suicidal
eal and vainglory will probably do just that. Those on the other hand who
ind wise and fight with the motive of "defending their family'
will not be so careless with their lives, since they are the provider of
their family as well as
they are dead then they can no
longer provide nor defend. - Branton)
Operation Rolling Thunder. Reno and Benson have mentioned this operation
which comprises county-wide sweeps of house to house, dynamic entry, search
and seizures for all guns and food stockpiles by B.A.I.F., state national
guard, activity duty soldiers, as well as local police. This function is
also run and coordinated through F.E.M.A.
Public Law 100-690 banned almost ALL RELIGIOUS GATHERINGS [not yet
énforced..I. (Note: When and if this is enforced, this will be a blatant
defecation upon the BILL OF RIGHTS, and in this event every true American is
allowed - and in fact it will be his and her Patriotic DUTY -- to implement
the clause within the DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE to OVERTHROW such an
alien,
foreign or domestic tyranny-structure which has infested the
governing body of America. - Branton); grants no-knock search and seizures
without a search warrant; expands the drug laws to include
EVERY American.
This will generally be the prelude, or in addition to, a F.E.M.A. operation
and contingency plan implementation.
The Omnibus Crime Bill of 1990. Ensures confiscation of all private property
via money laundering, environmental violations of the Clean Water and Air
Act, and extends as
far as child abuse. This act also coordinates activities
through F.E.M.A. and the Department of the Army, Commanding General, U.S.
Forces Command,
Fort Mcpherson, GA which is the
executive and implementing
agency upon initiation of many of these acts. The responsible agency within
U.S. Army Forces Command was what used to be known as the Deputy Chief of
Staff for Operations, Plans Division [DCSOPS, Plans], which was changed
several years ago to J-3 after the Headquarters became a joint headquarters.
They keep on file copies of all E.E.M.A. Emergency Management Operation
Plans, including those plans developed by the Army to support the F.E.M.A.
plan to eliminate the U.S. Constitution upon implementation. According to
current plans,
the Constitution will be
'temporarily' discontinued and
shelved until the real or perceived and declared 'threat' has been
neutralized (ask yourself -- who of what is the REAL threat that needs to be
'neutralized'? - Branton). But once 'shelved,' as with almost every other
Government, it STAYS shelved.
The Crime Bill of 1994. Banning of all military weapons which are necessary
to the formation of a militia [when needed], denies other military equipment
to the people's militia units (that's OK... the average American gun owner
can legally acquire this 'equipment' from off the DEAD BODIES of FEMA-backed
or related domestic/foreign gestapo forces when they break-in-to our homes
co steal our personal property or try to take us and our families prisoner
without due process of law.
- Branton), prelude to confiscating ALL guns in
the hands of private citizens, DESTROYS the Ist Amendment, and makes
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3841, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
virtually every American an outlaw. See above comments concerning the
house-to-house search. Ihe agency responsible for the actual implementation
and search is the Department of the Army in concert with local and state
police, including F.E.M.A., FBI, BATE, and other Federal Agencies.
SECRET UNDERGROUND BASES. There have been documented over 60 secret, VIRTUAL
CITIES, UNDERGROUND, built by the government, Federal Reserve Bank Owners
(such as the 'Rockefellers', etc.
- Branton), and high ranking members of
the Committee of 300 [some of these underground areas can be seen in Kansas
City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas]. In additional, there exist
underground Satellite Tracking
Facilities which have the ability to punch
your 911 address into the computer and a satellite can within seconds bring
a camera to beal on your property to the point that those monitoring can
read a license number on an automobile in your driveway. These facilities
have as of Oct. 1, 1994, been turned over to the [foreign power of the!
UNITED NATIONS. (Note: Forget the license plate, according to Norio
Hayakawa, this satellite technology is now so sophisticated that they can
CLEARLY read every word on your driver's LICENSE, supposing it were in view
of the satellite. - Branton)
*#5 - HAS IT ALREADY BEGUN? U.S. MILITARY OFFICERS -- SHACKLED BY U.N. FORCES
A leport from SEVENTH WEEK MAGAZINE states that U.S. Military Officers were
• observed gagged, cuffed, and shackled to their seats aboard a white U.N. 747
en-route to the Federal
Transfer Center near OKLAHOMA CITY! Part of this
report follows:
"At a survival/preparation seminar in S.E. Oklahoma, on 3/25/95, an attendee
interrupted one speaker, and stated that a neighbor, who apparently serves
as a reserve crew member aboard one of the
all white, unmarked, United
Nations B-747 aircraft [which are assigned to FEMA, Black Operations, i.e.
U.N. / N.W.O and hubbed at the Federal (prisoner) Iransfer Center oI
WILL ROGERS AIRPORT], had been dead-heading back to oklahoma City on the
flight. He descended
from the flight deck to see what the "prisoner cargo"
consisted of, however, not only did he see the normal armed, black uniformed
guards, and a load of
bound humans, but he saw several U.s. Military
officers, in full uniform, gagged,
and shackled to their
seats! They were in
the front of the cabin,
and from their visages, he discerned that they were
violently angry at their situation. No doubt!
"At this point I guess you might think this
is a joke? Nope, because in
April 1993, and July 1994, an ex-Army intelligence analyst postulated THIS
EXACT SCENARIO would happen! He also stated, in the 94 interview,
were going to use white 147's to fly 'detained' [kidnapped] conservative,
etc., etc., 'political' prisoners around the U.S., Via the TFC, to the
Now-existing, 130 FEMA "RESISTER/DISSIDENT" DETENTION CAMPS. The above
operation, among many others in this overall incredible takeover conspiracy,
INCLUDES EARLY-ON LEADERSHIP KIDNAPPING, PERFORMED BY FOREIGN [ASIAN) CREWS
NOW HIDDEN IN THE U.S. Ion 'closed' U.S. bases] (UNDER closed military
bases? - Branton), using the 3, 000 choppers provided TO THE U.N. under the
auspices of the 1989 "Open skies Treaty," signed by good ole New World order
sultan George Bush; a member of the Skull and Bones Secret Society, and the
Trilateral Commission. The Treaty allows for the aerial observation of the
U.S. land, yes, your house -- if you have been tagged for observation, along
with your phone being tapped], No Questions Asked! The majority of the
recent BLACK CHOPPER sorties have nothing to do with lawful military/police
department operations, but are presently locating, and setting up for
seizure, people/guns, who will not take the 'mark' of the coming one world
Government/Order! So PREPARE accordingly!"
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2780, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(With the preceding confirmation of his claims, we now return to the Phil
Schneider lecture. - Branton):
::: The Truth Behind the Republican Contract With America :::
seriously worried about their future. I'm going to run some scary
scenarios by you. The Contract With America. It contains the same
"Contract on
America"? - Branton) is a last ditch
effort by our federal government to
tear away the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
::: Some Statistics on the Black Helicopter Presence :::
"The black helicopters. There are over 61, 000 black helicopters in the
United States.
For every hour that goes by, there is one being built. Is
this the proper use of our money? What does the federal government need
64,000 tactical helicopters for, if they are not trying to enslave us. I
doubt if the entire military needs 64, 000 worldwide. I doubt if all the
world needs that many. There are 157 F-117A stealth
aircraft loaded with
LIDAR and computer-enhanced imaging radar. They can see you walking from
room to room when they fly over your house. They see objects in the house
from the air with a variation limit of l inch to 30,000 miles. That's how
accurate that is. Now, I worked in the federal government for
a long time,
and I know exactly how they handle their business.
::: Government Earthquake Device, AIDS as
a Bioweapon based on Alien
Excretions :::
"The federal government has now invented an earthquake device. I am a
geologist,
and I know what I am talking about. With the Kobe earthguake in
Japan, there was no pulsewave as in a normal earthquake. None. In 1989,
there was an earthquake in San Francisce. There was no pulse wave with that
one either. It is a Tesla device that is being used for evil purposes. The
black budget programs have subverted science as we know it. Look at AIDs,
* invented by the National Ordinance Laboratory in Chicago, Illinois in 1972
(and passed to the United Nations - World Health Organization via the
military Biogenetics facility at It. Detrick, Maryland to be injected into
Smal1 Pox vaccines in Africa and Hepatitus-2 vaccines in America, according
to DIs. William Campbell Douglas, Alan Cantwell, Jr. and Dr. Robert
Strecker - Branton). It was a biological weapon to be used against the
people of the United States. The reason I know this is that I have seen the
documentation by the Office
of Strategic Services, which by the way is still
in operation to this day, through the CDC in Atlanta. They used the
glandular excretions of animals, humans and alien humanoids to create the
virus. (according to the above mentioned Drs., part of the production of the
virus involved the splicing of the Bovine Leukemia and Sheep Visna viruses
in cancered human-tissue cultures. - Branton) These alien humanoids the
of 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2642, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
government is hobnobbing with are the worst news.
There is absolutely no
defense against their germs -- none. They
are a biological weapon of
terrible consequence. Every alien [Grayl on the planet needs to be isolated.
"Saddam Hussein killed 3.5 MILLION Kurdish people with a similar biological
weapon. Do we, the people of this planet, deserve this? No, we don't, but we
are not doing anything about it. Every moment we waste, we are doing other
people on the planet a disservice. Right now,
I am dying of cancer that I
contracted because of my work for the federal government. I might live six
months. I might not. I will tell you one thing. If I keep speaking out like
I am, maybe God will give me the life to talk my head off. I will break
every law that it takes to talk my head off. ELEVEN of my best friends in
the last 22 years have been MURDERED. Eight of the murders were called
'suicides.' Before I went to talk in Las Vegas, I drove a friend down to
Joshua Tree, near 29 Palms. I drove into the mountains in order to get to
Needles, California, and I was followed by two government E-350 vans with
G-14 plates, each with a couple of occupants, one of which had an Uzi. I
knew exactly who they were. I have spoken 19 times and have probably reached
45,000 people. Well, I got ahead of them and came to a stop in the middle of
the road. They both went on either side of me and down a ravine. Is this
what its going to take? I cut up my security card and sent it back to the
(secret| government structure and the whole plan. I have already begun that
"Thank you very much."
End of May 1995 Lecture
****
reference to
to so i a cons ch on one was an at need ich ene late the
underground base
technician. Although many of
the joint CIA-Alien bases har
no 'obvious'
r overt surface presence or facilities -- for instance De
Springs, CA; Mercury, NV; Page, Al; Dulce, NM -- OTHER underground
instance there is a large underground FEMA base below the Salt Lake City
airport; another apparently exists at the Oklahoma City airport which serves
as a joint FEMA - UNITED NATIONS "New World Order" detention/transfer
center; however, the most unusual 'Airport' of this nature seems to be the
newer Denver International Airport, as described in the following
interview):
Leading Edge Research: The KSEO 4/26/96 Interview with Alex Christopher.
extract from Leading Edge International Research Journal #92. The KSEO
4/26/96 Interview with Alex Christopher, Author of "Pandora's Box" and
"Pandora's Box II". Transcript 6/1/96 by Leading Edge Research Group.
Legend: DA [Dave Alan, Host] AC: [Alex Christopher] C: [Caller]
' of 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3226, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
#wd: Fw: PHIL SCHNEIDER VS (2). htm)
DA: My special guest tonight is Alex Christopher, author of "Pandora's Box",
an expose of the British instigation through washington D.C: over the last
200 years lot more precisely, British-based Masonry, and most notably
Scottish Rite Masonry which has long-since infiltrated British and American
- Branton). You thought you were free? This stuff has been going on
forever. The idea was to make us perceive we were "free and independent."
She has a lot of information here, and we are going to have to have her back
again for more. I talked to her last night. Just a fascinating individual.
She is going to talk about the Montauk Project and extraterrestrial
influences, and more. So, Alex, where do you start?
AC: Somebody told me one time,
start in the middle and go from there. If you
want to, pick a subject and we'll start from there.
DA: Last night we talked about a few things. We talked about the Denver
airport last night and what is really going
on down there, and we talked a
bit about the Montauk project and Al Bielek, and then we skipped around a
bit about some of the things in Pandora's Box. You mentioned that the Queen
of England has been buying up a lot of property in Colorado under a
pseudonym. Why don't we start on the subject of the British. (Note:
according to former British Intelligence
agent DI. John Coleman, the
London-based Wicca Mason lodges are one-third of the overall global
conspiracy. The other two thirds are the Black Nobility banking families who
claim direct descent from the early Roman emperors, and also the Maltese
Jesuits or the Jesuit - Knights of Malta network. All three networks each
have 13 representatives within the Bilderberg organization, which is a cover
fol the Bavarian Illuminati, suggestive that Bavaria itself has orchestrated
a "marriage of convenience" between these three formerly competitive global
control groups. - Branton)
AC: All right. The information, primarily, that is in "Pandora's Box" covers
how the major corporations, railroad and banking concerns in this country
were set up through a 'trust' that was originally known as the Virginia
company... The deal was that everything would remain under English control,
oI subservient to it, and that brings us right up to today, because we are
still looking at everything falling under that 'trust' system going back to
the Crown of England WIt is mind boggling to think that everyone in this
country has been led to believe that the people in the United states had won
independence from England, when in fact they never did.
A: Well, 1o0k at President Bush, wherein two years ago he went to Englan
no was knighted by the Queen. Where is that coming from? Is it that he wa.
a faithful servant? (Bush is allegedly a high-level Mason, and a member of
the neo-Masonic Skull & Bones lodge. - Branton)
C: You bet. All of them are doing the bidding, and it goes back to their
secret societies and the establishment of the New World Order, which all
Long bae a too peo are perple care on this ding or on
crown of England X|I did incidentally have somewhat of a confirmation of
this when a friend told me that an American judge confided to her that the
of 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 554, "chars": 3236, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..st near unsee 10(2/91419
involving the Rhodes Scholars was set up to achieve. Cecil Rhodes set it up
• groom people for this task, to carry the United States into the New worl
Order. It appears,
from what I have been able to find out, that the Crown o
England has had this very skillfully planned for hundreds of years, and it
could be possible that they have been privy to information that not many of
us have been [privy tol for a long long time, about the chaos involving
Earth changes that are coning. It is my understanding that England is not
going to make it through the changes, so they set up a whole new Empire over
here. That goes back to some of the things we discussed before, about lands
being bought up in Colorado.
(Note: With the fascination Britons have with time-travel, "DR. WHO" and
so-on, is it possible that British intelligence could have gained a glimpse
into the future and 'seen' what was coming? The Britons have British
Columbia, Canada as their possession -- if they are so desperate and
convinced that their nation will not survive the 'changes', then why not
move the British Empire to B.C. rather than risk offending Americans by
opening old wounds that date back to the revolutionary war, and losing their
world war I and World War Il allies in the process?*Just as in America, it
: is not the general CITIZENS of Britain who pose a threat to freedom, it is
the so-called 'elite', the Rockefellers of America and the Rothschilds of
Britain who would and
have SOLD-OUT their own peoples for personal gain and
god-like domination over the lower classes. The Americans
fought and died together on the battlefields of world War I and II did not
realize that the Rothschild-Rockefeller monarchies were the one's who had
* betrayed them by helping to CREATE the 'monster' that they were fighting in
fol the sole purpose of gaining even greater
power. In the end it all came down to base human greed! America has strayed
a long ways from the ideals established by the founders of the U.s.
constitution.
needless to say, Britain has strayed a long ways from the
ideals established by the legendary king Arthur whose greatness came from
his ability to make all of his knights equals amidst the round-tabie
rather than succumb to vainglory and the temptation of establishing himself
as some kind of human deity. Whether the legend of King Arthur was based on
fact or not, the IDEALS themselves are nether-the-less real and true. -
Branton).
DA: Yes, the area is of a pretty high altitude, where it will, be safe.
AC: Yes. Plus, all the symbolism that is apparent in the layout of the new
Denver airport says that it is "a control center for world control". There
is a lot of "secret society" symbology at the airport. We started
researching all of this to find out what it all means. It's all very scary.
A gentlemen by the name of Al Bielek, who has been involved in some very
unusual government projects in the past, told me that "the Denver area is
where the establishment of the Western sector of the New world Order will be
in the United States". Little bits and pieces keep coming to me, confirming
things I have not had confirmed before.
DA: Do you know of
AC: The Committee of 300?
*44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 1871, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DA: Yes. What's your take on that?
C: I think his information is fantastic. If he had had the information that
: put in "Pandora's BOX" when I put that together, it would have blown hi:
mind. But, as far as I know from my standpoint, both sets of material go
hand in hand, right down the line.
222227223
AC: Well,
the first thing that got my attention at the airport was the
• 'capstone' that I saw in a photograph, that had a Masonic symbol on it. So,
I really wanted to go to the airport and see that, because I thought it was
very unusual.
"DA: The capstone?
As The Samsten it Aded grion stonent ever airport to a
Some fed nast its that an one each an has the teamsull which.
is called "The Great Hall", which is
their meeting hall. And,
Do Great a men to what anone to set
Commission". I have never heard of that, have you?
DA: Never.
AC: It has a Masonic symbol on it, and it also has very unusual geometric
designs. It depicts an arm rising up out of it that curves
at a 45 degree
angle. It also has a thing that looks like a keypad on it. This capstone
structure is made of carved granite and stainless steel, and it is very
Iancy.. This little keypad area at the end of the arm has an out-of-place
unfinished wooden block sitting
on it. The gentleman that was with me on the
first trip out to the airport has since died. They say he conmitted suicide,
but everything else tells me that this is not possible. No one can
double-tie a catheter behind his own neck and strangle himself. I just don't
think that is possible. But, his name was Phil Schneider, and he started
blowing the whistle on all this stuff going on in the underground bases that
he had helped build for years and years. He worked on the underground bases
"directional system", whatever that meant, that Tumtioned as a homing
beacon to bring ships right into the "Great HalI".
'44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3349, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I!'wd: Ew: PHIL SCHNEIDER V$ (2).ntmJ
In the same general area on this capstone, there are some most unusual
designs on the floor that are all Masonic in nature,
which lead right back
to the "Black Sun" [Editor Note: According to Al Bielek, Schneider's father
was a 0-boat captain during the Nazi regime who was also on the Eldridge in
1943 in a medical capacityl, which goes back to Nazi symbology. See, the
"secret societies" are supposedly into Sun worship. The Nazi's were into
"Black Sun" worship, which connects with the idea of Saturn. Saturn and
Satanism kind of go hand-in-hand. (Note: The "Black Sun" also refers to the
massive black hole at the center of our galaxy. In regards to "unusual
designs on the floor", one source claims that the base of the Hoover Dam
neat Las Vegas, not far from Area 51, contains "wild inlays" of occultic and
masonic zodiacal symbolism. Reports stated that as the cliffs were being
lasted open to make way for the dam, huge caverns were penetrated. Cour
hese have connections with the underground network? #nother unusual dam i
the Glen Canyon dam
near Page, Arizona which could conceivably provide
hydroelectric power to a base that allegedly lies below the area and ties
the Dulce and Area 51 bases together subterraneally. - Branton) Then, we
have this system of murals at the airport that are the most grotesque things
you've ever seen:
DA: What's on the murals?
• AC: I say that they are about what they plan to do to us, and the world as a
whole, not what has happened or some fantasy. One of them that is very
unusual has three caskets with dead people in them...
DA: That's part of the ritual connected with the Skull & Bones Club.
Yes. There are evidently three groups of people that they would like to see
dead. The first casket has what the artist told me was a Jewish-American
child, a little girl, and she has the 'star' on her clothes and a little
Bible and a locket... (this may be a depiction of both Judeo&Christian
believers, both of whom have historically been the target of the
'inquisitions' of some of the more occultic secret societies of Europe, such
as the Thule-backed inquisition against the Jews and the Jesuit-backed
inquisition against the Protestants. - Branton)
DA: Jewish lineage is passed through the female...
AC: Yes. Well, all these caskets depict women who are dead. Then, in the
center casket there is depicted a Native American woman, and the last casket
has a black woman in it. Now, normally I would not have thought too much
about these murals if I had not done a lot of research. Even in the
government documents I have run across gene-splicing discussions on how they
would like to "splice out specific races", and also whoever these people are
do not like the Jewish people. This is just one of the murals, and these
murals are huge. This same mural depicts the destruction of a city and the
lorest, and there is a little girl holding a Mayan tablet that speaks of the
lestruction of civilization: There is a mural that depicts this 'thing'
standing over a city that looks like a green "Darth Vader", with a sword,
that has destroyed the city. This character is huge, and there is a road
depicted with women walking holding dead babies. This same mural extends
over to another mural which depicts all of the children of the world taking
1 of 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3356, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
each country on earth and giving them to a central figure
which 15 a GERMAN boy who has this iron fist and anvil in his hand that is
totally out of proportion to the child's body, beating the swords into
Bavarian) secret society behind this, working in the vicinity of this New
World Control Center.
DA: 'It is interesting when you consider Operation Paperclip wherein all
these Nazi's were brought to the United states to be groomed, financed, and
basically brought back into power.
(Note: That is, by the Rockefeller cartel who supplied Nazi Germany with the
and positions within the Bavarian-backed Rockefeller corporate empire and
Within the CIA -- with the help of Bavarian agents like Allen Dulles, Otto
Scorzeny, Reinhard Gehlen and later Vice President Nelson Rockefeller. These
were then used as a covert force to destroy American independence and make
America subject to a Bavarian-backed New World Order. Remember even through
Bilderbergers consist of
a "marriage of convenience" between Londonese
Wicca Masons, Basilian Black Nobility and Roman Maltese Jesuits... the
supreme controllers of the Bildeberger cult itself are the secret black
gnostic cults of Bavaria whose 'Cult of the Serpent' -- of Illuminati -- can
be traced back to, Egypt and ultimately to Babylon itself.
rockefeller-Nazi projects reportedly continued through at least 1975 during
which period many thousands more "underground Nazis" were brought into
America from Europe and also,
if we are to believe some reports, from the
secret German "New Berlin" base under the mountains of Neu Schwabenland,
Antarctica that was established during World War II via Nazi-occupied South
Africa.) Is Neu Schwabenland the REAL power behind
the joint Bavarian-Alien
New World Order Agenda? The fact that British and American Masons would be
pulled into a Bavarian-backed New World Order conspiracy run by anti-British
Nazi's and anti-Masonic Jesuits -- in spite of the animosities of World Wars
I and II -- would seem contradictory to the extreme. However NOT if
consider the fact that Roman Jesuits had secretly created the Scottish Rite
of Masonry at the Jesuit college of Clermont in France and also the Bavarian
Illuminati via the Jesuit Adam Weishaupt. Both the Illuminati
Rite worked together to INFILTRATE Masonry and subdue the traditional
Judeo-Christian York Rite. The Masonic elitists in Great Britain and America
would have as a result of this infiltration become subject to the influences
of the Scottish Rite dominated 33rd degree -- falsely believing that
Many ease the te nas not eus. suey might have been deceived into
believing that 'British Masonry' would come out on top of the New World
Order when in fact Rome and Bavaria, the two power-centers of the old
[Un]Holy Roman Empire, had the REAL control. But blinded by their own
delusions of grandeur and world domination, the British elite failed to see
how their Masonic lodges were being infiltrated and manipulated by their
sworn enemies. Some of the elite might have been oblivious to the
ins-and-outs of Masonry altogether, being conscious only of their own
greed. - Branton)
AC: Well, I know they're here, because I have seen them [Germans] alongside
the Americans in the more sensitive areas of the airport. But, these
paintings are most disturbing and very unusual. When I first tried to
of 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 2920, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• contact the artist and talk to him about these murals, he told me that he
was given guidelines on what to paint and put in the murals. When I showed
up in his studio,
I asked to see the guidelines for the last two murals he
was working on, he suddenly went "brain dead" and said "of course,
there are
no guidelines. " It took myself and two other people over eight months to
figure out all the symbology that is embodied in these murals. It turned out
that some of these are 'trigger' pictures, containing symbology
designed to
trigger altered personalities of people that have been groomed in MKULTRA
type programs for specific tasks that they have been trained to do In terms
of something connected with Satanic rituals and mind control. I had one
woman that called me out of the blue one night, and she was really disturbed
about some information. She told me many different things that later turned
out to be known MKULTRA triggers. Also, almost every aspect of these murals
contains symbols relating back to secret societies. When you get the overall
view of what they are talking about in these things, it is very very scary.
*It goes back to the Bio-diversity Treaty, getting rid of specific races of
taking over the world and mind controt.
There is one picture in which every plant turns out to be mind-altering or
and all the animals are Masonic symbols used in literature in
every country in the world. It took a very long time to track all this stuff
* Stones is in pict steight ying in our The ne you go tato the
airport. Most people look at them and say,
"those are crazy-looking
pictures, what are they doing in this airport?"
DA: Now, you mentioned that underneath this airport it goes down many
levels.
AC: Yes.
DA: Does the fact that all these underground levels are there have something
to do with why it took so long for this airport to open?
square mile underground city and an 88.5 square-mile base underneath the
airport.KIt is very unusual that they would allot a 50 square-mile area on
the surface at which to locate an airport in the middle of nowhere unless
they really planned to use it for something very unusual later. There is a
10-mile, 4-line highway out to this airport, and there is nothing out there
in between the airport and Denver. Not even
a service station, at least in
September 1995. The people in Denver are really upset with the fact that
this airport went in the way it did.
There was this fellow who wrote a book in which he made the statement that
they had a copy of an audio tape on which a Denver city official was talking
with people from the CIA, and that he was paid 1.5 million dollars to allow
the 'airport' to be built, no matter what it took. It appears that there was
a lot more interest in getting the airport built
from just officials in the
Denver area &They plan on using this facility for something else other than
just landing planes.
{44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3244, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DA: so, this guy got you down there to take a look at the underground?
AC: well, he was invited to go along on the trip. I had a friend that
actually got us down into the active area in the underground. It's very
interesting down there. The baggage equipment area is very unusual. All the
old luggage equipment that wouldn't work right doesn't 1o0k much different
than the stuff that is working today.
DA: You were telling me that there are huge concrete corridors with
sprinklers all along the ceiling. What are these sprinkler heads doing in a
concrete bunker, pray tell? (Presumably concrete will not 'burn' if there is
a potential fire, so is it possible that something other than 'water" is
meant to be expelled from these sprinklers which are located "all along" the
ceiling? - Branton)
AC: Well, this is the same question we asked. These shafts are huge and run
along adjacent to the tramline on both sides.
So, there are two of these
huge shafts large enough to fit a two-lane highway in there. *There are very
FEW openings into and out of the tram shaft, but at the end of them, going
out into this 50 square miles of acreage is a huge steel door that would
• facilitate the entrance of a great big truck. It could be used foI almost
anything, but what is so unusual about it is that about EVERY FIVE OR
FEET on the ceiling, across almost the full width of the area, there is a
pipe with three or four sprinkler heads.
This goes on for the FULL length of
the thing,
"which must be close to a mile". There are two of these shafts,
and I got a picture in the mail the other day which was very unusual that
was taken by someone on board the tram in the shaft. The picture appeared to
actually show ghost-like figures on it. It was a mother and a baby wrapped
in a blanket. When you are down in that concrete shaft, both times I got
nauseated. There are some very unusual vibrations down there (from other
'time dimensions'? - Branton). Now, the tunnel shaft that the tram comes in
on could connect up with an underground tunnel coming in from five buildings
that were built and buried. There was already a 40 foot diameter tunnel
there when construction started. Those five buildings they built 3 1/2 years
ago, and suddenly they said "oops, these are in the wrong place", and buried
them, along with a very high-tech runway that is buried under about four
inches of dirt. It seems insane that they would build a very technical
building complex with interlocking tunnels and a tunnel going back to the
tram tunnel at the concourse, and then state that they built it in the
* "wrong place" and cover it up with dirt. I don't believe that people are
that stupid.
DA: No. Projects like that are strategically planned, and they just don't go
* and do that.
AC: Some of these five buildings are 150 feet tall. There is one 78 feet
probet, nor ad, Ence has an a hop r 2o0c di hace age Brought in
there from somewhere that was off-limits to the work crews. It was there
when the project was started. And, everybody that worked on these
projects....there were five different contractors, and the people on each
contracted crew did not interact with the other ones. When the project was
done, everyone was fired and sent away.
[44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 1964, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1: Fw: PHIL SCHNEIDER VS (2).htm]
DA: You would think that during this massive construction they would not be
ble to keep this stuff secret.
hev would not talk about it. I know several people who worked on thi
roject that managed to find their way down into the depths, probably clos
to the deep
underground base,
construction oreg that mosked ort Chope on these buddings Last end tey
and they decided to tell
a very unusual and spooky type of place,
you get nauseated as soon as you enter the perimeter of the airport.
*Especially when you go down underground. You become very nauseated a
nervous. There Is also so much electromagnetic flux in the area that if you
"get out on the open ground around the airport, you will 'buzz'.
DA: Where is this flux field coming from? What do you think the purpose of
this is?
AC: I think that its coming from some kind of underground electrical system.
because where we were there were no power lines, and the whole place was
just buzzing with this free energy floating around. Very unusual. In
ddition, there are areas in the underground that have chain-link fences
with the barbed wire tops pointed inward, like they were there to keep
people in, not keep people out. All these areas are there, acres of it, and
none of it is in active
use. There are many terraced areas that go down. One
biological fungus" in that area that attacks people's lungs.
DA: Hmmm. Some kind of way to hide something that is in this area?
so so ease, Me thin ent i on ta chat one other sie let one in ot
stumbled into that went down about six levels below the fourth level, and
ran into some really weird stuff. He won't talk about any of it now.
DA: Real weird stuff.
AC: Also, at the airport there are what 100k like miniature nuclear reactor
cooling towers, and I don't understand why they are there. When people
asked, the reply is that they are part of the ventilation and exhaust
ystem. Ventilation and exhaust from where?
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1262, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..°
...
•
DA: What do you think its for?
AC: I think it is all hooked up to the deep underground.
• DA: They say that this place looks like sone underground "holding
people. Se goats, fencesattle 1ot....a place that could hold thousands of
are as or understand very they bolt Re the way they dia, undea rey.
planned to use it for something like that in the future.
• DA: so what could all this be for?
AC: It Phll Is Iight, and all this hooks up to the deep underground base
of this slave labor is children. HE SAID that when the children reach the
point that they are unable to work any more, they are slaughtered on the
spot and consumed.
DA: Consumed by who?
AC: Aliens. Again, this is not from me, but from a man that gave his life to
get this information out. He worked down there for close to 20 years, and he
knew everything that was going on.
DA: Hmmm. Who do these aliens eat?
AC: They specifically like young human children, that haven't been
contaminated like adults. Well, there is a gentleman out giving a lot of
information from a source he gets it from, and he says that there is an
incredible number of children snatched in this country;
DA: over 200,000 each year.
AC: And that these children are the main entree for dinner.
"44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1692, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Note: Many will read this and scoff in utter
disbelief at such a claim.
This is all well and fine, and even Phil Schneider warns us to put on our
'skepticals' when investigating claims and to investigate them so that they
can be definitively proven one way or the other, as all claims of an
extraordinary nature should be. So, I would suggest that Congress by-pass
the EXECUTIVE branch Of government - which has sold-out to the
ntelligence-Military-Industrial Complex, a_branch that was originall
ntended by the founders of the Republic te be the servants' of CONGRESS
the SENATE and the PEOPLE =" and undertake a full-scale investigation of
this and other underground bases, even if this calls for full-scale
congress-backed military mobilization. The excuse for such an undertaking
could for instance be to investigate claims of unethical use of U.S. tax
dollars, violations of Federal Medical Regulations in regards to genetic
research, failure to pay property taxes on underground facilities used by
non-elected officials, harboring of "illegal aliens", bribery and treason,
illegal cattle rustling in regards to the Dulce and other bases, possible
kidnapping and human rights abuses against children, and so on... - Branton)
DA: How many Draconians are down there?
AC: I have heard the figure of 150,000 just in the New York area.
- DA: Underneath New York?
AC: Yes. In some kind of underground base there.
DA: Interesting. Now, you've seen pictures of these things?
AC: I have seen them face to face.
DA: You have?
DA: What other types have you seen?
AC: The ones that I have seen are the big-eyed Greys and the Reptilians.
DA: What do these Reptilians 1o0k like?
1f44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 2704, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AC: There are three different types.
DA: Can you tell us how you happened to come into contact with them?
AC: When I lived in Florida in Panama City, at that particular time the Gulf
were going on, and the area was virtually a hotbed for
strange events. I had neighbors that were into watching UFOs and getting
information about them. One night about 2:30 am, my neighbor called me and
was absolutely frantic, and wanted me to come over there. I
ran over there
and went in the front door, and she and her boyfriend, who is a commercial
airline pilot, were in the living roon scared out of their wits. I lo0ked
over at her, and her eyeballs are folling back in her head and she was
wall. Her boyfriend was trying to tell, me
what was going on, and I was feeling this incredible energy that felt like
it was trying to penetrate my head. So, I grabbed both of them and pulled
DA: Some people would say that this is a case of demon possession...
AC: Oh, no. There was radiation in the room. The next day all of her plants
So, there was a massive amount of energy focused on that room.
Anyway, after about an hour had passed, we had discussed what went on and
decided to go back into the house. They had both been in bed and were pulled
out of their bed during the night. All they remember is a flash of light in
their faces and the next thing they know they're both scared to death. But,
when we went back into the house, I noticed that the man had a small
palm-print on his side with fingers that must have been 10 inches long, with
Claw marks on the end that were burned into his side. The next day, that
area was so swollen that he could not touch it. I have video pictures of
these things on his side. The prints were there from someone bending down
from behind him and pulling him out of bed. They had been making love, and
'somebody' lifted him off of her and left these burns there.
Anyway, they were both totally flipped out. I finally got them calmed down
no around yelion eyes l in make pupil, and posed ay and e in that
wrapped around his head. He had a silvery suit on, and this scared the
living daylights out of me. I threw the covers over my head and started
screaming....I mean, here is this thing with a Cheshire-cat grin and these
funky glowing eyes...this is too much. I have seen that kind of being on
more than one occasion.
DA: What else can you say about it?
AC: Well, he had a hooked nose and he was [humanoid] looking, other than the
eyes, and had kind of grayish skin. Later
on in 1991, I was working in a
ullding in a large city,
Mind i knew twas coy at had ad beat had a dare break..
I started remembering that I was taken aboard a ship, through four floors of
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2077, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an office building, and through a 100f. There on the ship is were I
encountered 'GERMANS' AND 'AMERICANS' WORKING TOGETHER, and also the GREY
ALIENS, and then we were taken to some other kind of facility and there I
the one's I call the "baby Godzilla's", that
VELOCI-RAPTOR, kind of.
DA: So, why would these people pick on you?
AC: Well, I found one common denominator in the abduction, and it keeps on
being repeated over and over again.
I deal with lots of people who have been
abducted, and the one common denominator seems to be the blood line, and its
the blood line that goes back to ancient Indian or Native American blood
• DA: Are these people looking for genetic material?
AC: Well, I don't know if it is a very ancient blood line that they want to
stop, or what the reasoning is. I know that I was asked some
• questions, like how I was capable of doing some of the psychic things I was
doing at the time. But, it is very unusual to find anybody that remotely
thinks they have been taken that doesn't have the Indian blood Line,
DA: Now, after that experience, what happened after that? What were some of
the other times you saw some of these beings?
'AC: Well, at that facility I saw the almond-eyed Greys, but the thing that
sticks in my mind are the beings that look like reptiles, or the
veloci-raptors. They are the cruelest beings you could ever imagine, and
they even smell hideous. There were a couple of very unusual areas down
there where I was taken which looked like cold storage lockers, where these
things were in hibernation tubes,
and that is about all I temember, other
than seeing some black helicopters and little round-wing disk type aircraft.
At that point, the memory seems to be cut off and I can't tap through to
anything else.
They're there, folks.
A: Maybe I'11 open up some phone lines, and maybe we'll talk about A
ielek and some things you discussed with him. Are you open to that'
AC: Sure.
caller (C): On those ships where the Germans and Americans were, did they
have any kind of an insignia on their uniforms?
if 44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3053, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*wa: tW: PHIL SCHNEIDER VS (2),htm]
AC: Yes, they did. I have been told that the organization is called "The
Black League" (possibly the "Black Monks" within the NSA who reportedly
interact directly with aliens? - Branton); by people that might know. A blue
triangle with a red-eyed black dragon, with a circle around it. It was very
unusual. There's another woman that has written a book about an encounter
she had in Fort Walden. I met her some years back, and we were taking about
things we've seen.
also talked about this strange insignia. She and I
both sat down a drew what we saw, and they were virtually carbon copies of
each other.
(Note: Winged serpent symbols have been observed by several
abductees, including policeman Herbert Schirmer who reported the insignia on
the uniforms of the reptilian-eyed grays that had abducted him. - Branton)
In the book "Cosmic Conflict", the author talks about the ancient city that
was uncovered by the Germans before World war II, and tells about their
effort to revive some frozen humans they found in this underground city,
that the true humans couldn't be revived, but the ones that could be revived
were in fact reptilians in disguise, and the reptilians have the capability
CRYSTAL BALL published information along this line, which stated that the
Soviets had during the investigation of a meteor crash uncovered a buried
city in Siberia where they discovered the frozen bodies of both humans --
who could NOT be revived, and human-appearing reptilians -- who WERE revived
. from the frozen state. Allegedly the reptilians re-animated and killed the
Soviet scientists and through some type of psychic osmosis drained their
minds and assimilated their memories and features through a molecular
shape-shifting type process. John Carpenter, who directed THEY LIVE, also
directed an earlier movie called THE THING which was based somewhat on a
similar thene. The alien 'impostors' then called for backup and more
scientists came out and were
Russia and
"replaced', and these eventually returned to
began to infiltrate the Communist government. Although such
claims may seem preposterous, it is nevertheless interesting how numerous
'preposterous' claims as this contain identical 'reptilian'
themes. Aside
the instinctive and basic racial feat in humans of things
"reptilian',
could this re-occurring theme be more than mere coincidence? - Branton)
Cathy 0'Brien, who wrote "Trance-Formation in America", revealed that George
Bush is tected a lot me ones 1s teet any couldnat a race duet, but
something like that ... these 'people' that are working with our government?
C: I believe that, but I do believe that these are demons that manifest
themselves as alien beings, and that this has been going on for a long
DA: Demons? Who are demons?
C: Fallen angels.
anet tach about dope 2 kegs or a he case of teres ase the
scriptures like Genesis chapter 3 and Revelation chapter 12, serpent beings
ossessed by 'demons' or through which demons are able to of allowed to
1, relation hape to?
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 1736, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
AC: Well, I think that's pretty much what the bottom line is. Also, they
talk about the rapture...
DA: It could be like an alien 'thanksgiving'.
things got so hot on the planet,
like it is now,
aliens took on this
holographic image and infiltrated the human race in order to take it over
and undermine it, just like this New World Order is doing right now. They're
saying that the same thing happened to civilization on tarth before, and
that the humans before actually had the capability for interplanetary
travel, and that it was so bad here with the reptilians that they had to
leave... What they are also saying is that these beings that are
people what is going on,
) ESCAPED FROM EARTH before, when it was under reptilian domination.
" DA: What is your take on these crop circles?
AC: Oh, the crop circles that are the real ones are a type of geometric
language containing some kind of information. There was one that was a
anderbrot fractal. How do you fake that? They say that there are a lot of
crop circles going
on in the United States, and that the government shuts
the information off lor destroys the crop circles before the public can find
them, others claim. - Branton) about their occurrence.
DA: Canada and Australia as well.
C: It seems that we are having an
increase in these encounters and
sightings.
AC: Things are escalating at an incredible rate. I think a lot of these
movies in the media are trying to get us softened up for what they plan to
unleash on us.
C: So, in just a matter of years, they plan to bring it out and bring people
to that airport?
AC: You know, Reagan said more than once that the only thing that would
bring people together would be some kind of "outside force".
•
44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2647, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DA: Exactly, I remember that. He said that several times.
AC: I went to South Florida a couple of weeks ago and interviewed a man who
had done research for 30 years, and oddly enough, he tapped into some of the
same information I had, in that our government has had round-winged,
saucet-type technology, high mach speed aircraft since the 1920's, and that
in 1952 they had over 500 of these aircraft hidden in sécret bases. Now, if
they had that in 1952, considering that military technology grows by 44
years for every year that goes by, what do you imagine they have now, 44
years latet, after technology has
advanced the equivalent of 1,936 years?
C: About two or three months ago, I went to do a business transaction with a
fellow I have known for about two or three years, and one of his relatives
had just died -- we were pretty close, and we got into a deep conversation
about stuff, and he told me he worked
in an underground military base in
Colorado. I asked him what he did there, and he said that if he told me he'd
have to kill me. I told him I didn't want to know. I was really shocked, and
¡ didn't know what to think of it, and then I heard this program. I want to
know what your guest thinks about the Iron Mountain report the government
did in the 1960's, and if that ties into the Nazis and the Americans [CIA]
working together. Also, this would also explain George Washington's vision
where this country was
when all hope seemed lost, the angels of God would come down and the nation
would be saved. Anyway, I never could understand why angels of God would
come down and fight with men to save a puny little country that has been
around for only 200 years, but in this scenario, there seems to be some
explanation here.
AC: Yes, the Iron Mountain report. The guy that claims to be the author of
It now claims that it was nothing more than a Joke, but for a joke, it seems
to be following the time line to the hilt, so I think it was something that
made its way out and they are trying to cover that up. Everything that was
in that report is happening in great detail right now.
C: Do these reptilians bleed if they get shot?
DA: Has anybody ever killed one?
AC: Phil Schneider did. He killed several of them. When he was involved in
cutting some tunnels at Dulce, he was lowered down a shaft and ended up in a
Delta Force came in. They had a shootout with
couple of them before they got a round off and shot him with some sort of
laser weapon. He used to pull his shirt up and show me where they darned
near blew a hole in his chest with whatever kind of laser weapon they were
DA: So they can be killed, then?
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2739, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
L'-'
wAITINLI 7014)1411
AC: Yes, if you have the drop on them. They die just like everyone else.
They consist of mass just like we do.
c: It is interesting that high officials in the Clinton administration, like
corruption in the Denver area. Does this tie in with what you were talking
AC: Well, he is the one that wrote the book "Defrauding America". He said
that they had a tape of a CIA agent paying off the mayor of Denver to get
he airport built. There is just so much corruption. They are selling the
Jood American people out. We have some of our own people selling the rest of
population out for a few pieces of gold.
DA: What about Al Bielek and how what he is saying may relate to this?
*AC: I met Al about a year ago.
DA: Who is Al Bielek?
AC: He claims to be one of the ones who jumped overboard off the Eldridge
when it went into hyperspace during the Philadelphia Experiment. He actually
traveled forward in time, and asked the people that he encountered there
vat happened in his future. At that time, he was given the informatior
bout the New world order and that Denver was the location for the Nw
western Sector, and that Atlanta was supposed to be the control center for
the Eastern Sector. Can it be that the fact that the Olympies is supposed to
is part of a scenario? All the highways in Atlanta have
LASSES
high-security monitoring cameras just like those seen in some of the
underground areas at the Denver airport. These monitors are all over the
interstate highway and on many of the streets in Atlanta. Last week, I was
talking to a fellow who was actually working on the Olympic project, in
terms of the main stadium, and he said that they're gearing up for the
possibility of terrorist acts. Do they know something we don't know?
(Note: As for 'Denver' being the center of a New World Order control system
in the west, we should realize that the future is not fully SET. It IS
subject to change. There are, according to contactees, different 'parallel
realities' that exist. The 3rd dimensional or 3rd density reality is the
"foundation' upon which all others exist. Other realities exist in 4th,
and other 'densities' wherein objects and events are somewhat more 'fluid'
than in 3rd dimensional reality. Many who claim to have traveled in time
state that while doing so they were out-of-phase somewhat with the people
within the other time-zones. They could observe them yet were 'invisible' or
in a phased-out state,
in essence unable to 'interfere' to the point of
changing 3rd dimensional past events. Others,
involved in the Montauk
‚loject fol instance, state that the
"futures' that they observed were of a
quasi-reality or semi-dreamlike nature, as if 'future' reality was like wet
•44
8/23/00 8:44 AM

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
....
clay that had not yet 'set' and solidified into a CONCRETE reality. So if
order theolse, eh, ben enough the thought formsave to bata you torta
call 'reality blueprints', ARE being created by the secret government and
are in the process of 'solidifying' as the future gets closer. However, ANY
thought Iorm can be destroyed and replaced BEFORE it solidifies into 3rd
density concrete reality. Those living within the 3rd density event-flow
have the POWER to determine the outcome of events through their connection
to the eternal Now, just as a large river has first priority over the
smaller tributaries in determining the course of a river bed. So then we are
living in an eternal Now which is continually in the process of being
converted from a FLUID thought form state and into CONCRETE material form
state. Once 'set', an event cannot be undone. However if there is even a
minimal amount of malleability left to the event, then that event can
potentially be turned... for better of worse. - Branton)
DA: Maybe they want to go ahead and perpetrate something again. One thing
after another. It's all part of their scenario. Let's take a call.
C: Yes, I would like to thank you and your guest for coming forward with
this information. And, as unbelievable as it is for the audience,
personally have had first-hand experience with some of this stuff. Not so
much with the reptilians, but when you talk about this technology base that
the government is working
with, my own encounters with this technology were
basically terrifying, in that I didn't know what was going on. I got
indoctrinated into some type of mind control program that was perpetrated on
me. I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. It's amazing to me that this
stuff is going on, and I know that it is frustrating to get people to wake
up to this. I am a little nervous here. It runs a little deeper than just on
a physical level of threat. I think a lot of this stuff is not just about
suppressing our minds and will to resist the government. It's about getting
our minds to the point to where we're so "droned down" that we have no
chance of reconnecting with the source. I think this whole thing has to do
with us on a soul level.
AC: That's right. That's what it's all about. It's the last great adventure
to control the space between our ears and to eventually take over our souls.
I also think that a lot of the people who have sold us oul and are involved
in this have no idea what the BIG picture is, because it is all so
compartmentalized. This is a very demonic scenario that is going on here.
AC: Well, you know, we have some beings that are waiting for people to ask,
en masse, for help, and they are there, and they will help, but we have to
ask for help, because they honor free will.
C: My previous experience was pretty nightmarish, but I did get through
this, and my perspective on. God is a gift.
44
8/23/008:44 AM
