{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:02:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 252293, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123385-witness-10892-te-recounts-fake-abduction-4-2-2022.pdf", "source_sha256": "f44f6b42f33811fd897741734279a0b5282b94c15bcd84dbf25a08855da53f13"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2730, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sent to Dr. Steven Greer - Saturday April 2, 2022
Fake "Alien" Abduction foiled by Put "Lapdance".
Page 1
Last week of June. Mississippi River Valley. Warm, humid, day. Decided to go fish some small creeks in
the coulees for panfish. Load up my tackle, hipwaders, and rods into my '88 Toyota truck. Head
northeast off X
Drove for a bit until 1 came around a bend when 1 spotted a black triangular craft hovering over a
cornfield off to my left. Almost immediately after this my truck engine stopped and it coasted a few
yards until I saw movement in the drainage ditch. I hit the brakes when I saw three stereotypical
"Grays" poorly concealed in the vegetation.
I then felt a vibration, a high pitched tone at the edge of my hearing and became paralyzed. I felt a shot
of adrenaline and I found back terror as the three "aliens" awkwardly exited the ditch and approached
my truck. This is broad daylight. 1:42pm.
Page 2
They walked and moved in unison with an unusual unsteady gait. The middle "alien" approached my
door and peered in at me putting its left hand on the window. It attempted to open the door as it was
locked. This appeared to frustrate it and attempted several times further. It then tried to roll the
window down via telekinesis or some such technology. Unfortunately, the handle was broken and
instead it had a vicegrip for a handle that hammed on the door plastic. It then started to slap the glass
in an attempt to break it. I lost consciousness at this point.
The following was shown to me in a lucid dream state guided by an Extraterrestrial Person. I have
named him "Bob" as I do not know his name. Yet. I was allowed to see what happened next from an
out-of-body perspective and not "behind-the -eyes' as Bob put it.
I see myself in my truck nod out and I hit my face on the steering wheel. This woke me up and I can hear
myself roar with rage.
Page 3
I am watching myself fumble with the seatbelt and I get it off. I then watch as ! unlock the driver door
and then lay back across both seats in the cab and double stomp the door. The "alien" trying to get in
was knocked down and back. Still howling obscenities, I see myself push the next closest "alien" with a
hand to the face. This caused me to stumble and I followed it to the ground and the "aliens" head made
a crack as it hit the asphalt.
Scrambling back to my feet, I watched myself charge the third "alien" and take a wild swinging punch
that ended up clotheslining the "alien" as my right forearm connected with its lower "jaw" and neck.
This caused me to lose balance again and had to regain my footing. Absolutely enraged still, I watch
myself kicking this "Alien" in the side of the chest and head. The side of the chest was split open and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2403, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
exposed what looked like wires or hoses. I then watched as I kicked it in the head and split that open as
well spilling what appeared to be brain tissue and a fair amount of what looked like amber fluid.
Page 4.
At this point a man on the other side of my truck dressed in a ghillie suit and camo grease paint on his
face scrambled out of the brush yelling "He's trashing them! Zap him already! Fuck!" Another guys pops
up a few feet away and points a black square looking things at the "other-me" and I watch as i crumble
, to the ground backwards.
While all this is happening the previous aliens that were knocked down were doing these bizarre
movements to get back on their feet. Attached is an image because I lack the words to write it
accurately.
So, with me flat on my back these two camo-ghillie suit dudes stuff me back in my truck. They were
such nice guys they even put my hat back on and my seatbelt on. (If one of you deranged pricks is
reading this....! hope you fall face first into a choalla jumping cactus. No Really. Face first. No eyepro.
Face first.) They then scoop up the brains of the one
Page 5.
I curb-stomped into oblivion. They dragged the three of them off the road into the northside ditch. The
hovering triangle craft slid over to all five of them, turned on this bright-as-the-sun light and
teledissolved or teleported "Team Blue Falcon" away. And then the triangle zipped off predictably to
the southwest to go hide at Papoose Lake or some other shady military base. (Can you imagine being
that pilot watching that whole thing go pear-shaped, upside down and FUBAR all while trying to fuck
over a guy who used to be on your team cleaning up your messes? I hope you drink yourself to liver
failure if you're that guy reading this KMA pud knocker.
Anyway I watch myself shake off the effect of the nefarious square pistol zapper panic button. The truck
still won't start, so I get out obviously disoriented and try repeatedly to push start it by popping the
clutch. Only people that know how to drive manual transmissions will get this.
Here is where my trip down memory lane with "Bob" the Extraterrestrial Person ends.
Page 6.
The moral of the tale is: Don't fucking sign a government NDA, even if they promise you a lifetime of
hookers, blow, and money. They will try to rape you with toy robots and tech stolen from murdered
space people if you ever grow a conscience.
