{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:00:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 310796, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123483-exhibit-a-35-global-strategies-project-ufo-quotes.pdf", "source_sha256": "89fa767ce21a854e71691c78031a03e4d6216c4334b18b5a767dfdd11c337f1a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1867, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project
reference documents
UFO Reference Papers
A Comprehensive Overview
Compiled by S. Meyers for the
Global Strategies Project
Public debunking of UFOs does not affect sightings themselves. In other words:
"You can change the channel...but you can't change the News."
"I think a great deal of the misunderstanding about UFOs among scientists
is that the scientists have never had access to the best data." (Jacques Vallee)
"Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions."
(Albert Einstein)
"Because this topic is so controversial, I have tried very hard to do as little arguing, and
as much presenting of useful information, as possible. Whether you think UFOs are
aliens, or are classified aircraft, or nonsense, this information will provide a clear path
through a complicated historical maze. While I do believe, based upon the historical
record, that this phenomenon is quite real (and not merely classified aircraft), my
opinions are entirely unimportant. What matters is the historical record, insofar as we
can learn it. I intend this to be a contribution toward making that historical record clearer.
Mainly, however, 1 have expended as much energy as possible to make this book
concise and informative. Your time as a reader is valuable. I have no desire to waste it."
Richard Dolan commenting on his book
"UFOs and the National Security State: An Unclassified History"
"UFOs are an outreach program for the consciousness-impaired." Dr. John Mack.
I think the true test of a genius is the ability to see the follies of one's own times. The
ability to change one's own times is the true test of a leader. And the ability to do both is
the true test of a visionary who will never be elected. (Marilyn vos Savant)
Quotes from respected scientists, politicians and astronauts
regarding UFO and ET phenomena
Exhibit A-35
- 1-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2430, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
"The day will arrive when the governments of earth will finally admit
we are not alone, that humans have come face-to-face
with other lifeforms from the cosmos.
Anyone still on the fence about the existence of UFOs must contend
with the testimonies of these respected and honored men."
Clark McClellend - NASA
"Germany may have recovered a flying saucer as early as 1939"
General James H. Doolittle went to Sweden in 1946 to inspect a flying saucer that had
crashed in Spitzbergen.
"Regarding the air raid over Los Angeles it was learned by Army G2 that Rear Admiral
Anderson...recovered an unidentified airplane off the coast of California... with no
bearing on conventional explanation. This Headquarters has come to the determination
that the mystery airplanes are in tact not earthly and, according to secret intelligence
sources, they are in all probability of interplanetary origin."
General George C. Marshall top-secret memo to the President, March 5, 1942
...coming to grips with the reality that our planet is not the only one harboring intelligent
life the universe."
Franklin D. Roosevelt, President memo on White House stationary to 'The Special
Committee on Non-Terrestrial Science & Technology'. Concerning the Cape Girardeau
UFO crash of 1941, Roosevelt went on to state that we will, "take every advantage of
such wonders that have come to us" after we have won the war. Feb 22, 1944
"Before we could do any more, the Army, after conferring with (U.S.) officials, ordered
the investigation stopped."
Dr. Paul Santorini, on UFOs over Greece in 1946
"...submit an agreement providing for the peaceful absorbtion of a celestial races(s) in
such a manner that our culture would remain intact with guarantee that their presence
not be revealed." "One must consider the fact that mis-identification of these space craft
for a intercontinental missile in a re-entry phase of flight could lead to accidental nuclear
war with horrible consequences."
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer, Director of Advanced Studies, Princeton
Professor Albert Einstein, Princeton, draft of joint memo from Oppenheimer/Einstein,
June 1947. "As I understand it, Marshall rebuffed the idea of Oppenheimer discussing
this with the President. I talked to Gordon and he agreed." 'VB' (Vannover Bush?)
RAAF CAPTURES FLYING SAUCER ON RANCH IN ROSWELL REGION
"No Details of Flying Disk are Revealed"
Exhibit A-35
- 2-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 3114, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
"The many rumors regarding the flying disk became a reality yesterday when the
intelligence office of the 509th Bomb Group of the Eighth Air Force, Roswell Army Air
Field, was fortunate enough to gain possession of a disk through the cooperation of one
of the local ranchers and the sheriff's office of Chaves County."
"Roswell Daily Record" July 8, 1947
(referring to crash retrieval in New Mexico desert in July of 1947 and its subsequent
security classification) "I must insist upon full access to discs recovered... The Army
grabbed one and would not let us have it for cursory examination."
J. Edgar Hoover, FBI Director, 1947
"We soon established that they were not missiles. But, before we could do any more,
the Army, after conferring with foreign officials, ordered the investigation stopped.
Foreign scientists flew to Greece for secret talks with me... A world blanket of secrecy
surrounded the UFO question because the authorities were unwilling to admit the
existence of a force against which we had no possibility of defense."
Dr. Paul Santorini, Greek physicist and engineer credited with developing the
proximity fuse for the Hiroshima atomic bomb; two patents for US Nike missile guidance
system, and a centimetric radar system.
"The phenomenon reported is something real and not visionary or fictitious."
General Nathan Twining, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff Sept. 23, 1947
"The first UFO came down in 1941 into the ocean west of San Diego and was retrieved
by the Navy. The Navy has held a leadership position in UFO matters ever since. There
was another crash in 1946, as well as two other crashes in 1947 besides Roswell."
Dr. Michael Wolf, Colonel USAF
Dr. Michael Wolf: scientific consultant to the President and the National Security Council
on extraterrestrial matters; member of Majestic Twelve (MJ-12), UFO secrecy
management agency's (Special Studies Group) and has been in charge of its lead
agency, the Alphacom Team. Previously Dr. Wolf served as an Air Force Colonel, pilot,
flight surgeon and counter-intelligence officer for the CIA and NSA. He has an MD in
Neurology, a Ph.D. in Theoretical Physics, a ScD in Computer Science, a JD in Law, an
M.S. in EM influence on organisms, and a B.S. in biogenetics.
"It appears to be metallic object... tremendous in size... directly ahead and slightly
above... I am trying to close for a better look." (his last radio broadcast made in fatal
pursuit of unidentified flying object)
Pilot Captain Thomas Mantell; January 7, 1948
"Army intelligence has recently said that the matter of 'Unidentified Aircraft' or
'Unidentified Aerial Phenomena,' otherwise known as 'Flying Discs,' 'Flying Saucers,'
and "Balls of Fire,' is considered top secret by intelligence officers of both the Army and
Air Forces."
FBI memo on UFOs1949
Memo regarding a disk found in the Mojave desert in January, 1950: "On this land a
flying disk has been found intact, with eighteen three-foot tall human-like occupants, all
dead in it but not burned."
New Orleans FBI Branch to Director, FBI March 31, 1950
Exhibit A-35
- 3 -

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 3014, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
"I can assure you that flying saucers, given that they exist, are not constructed by any
power on earth."
President Harry S. Truman, Press conference, Washington DC, April 4, 1950
"The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States Government, rating
higher even than the H-bomb. Flying saucers exist. Their modus operandi is unknown
but concentrated effort is being made by a small group headed by Dr. Vannevar Bush.
The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of tremendous
significance."
Wilbert Smith, in a formerly classified Canadian government memorandum. Nov
21,1950
Donald Slayton a Mercury astronaut revealed in an interview he had seen UFOs in
1951: "I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I spotted this object. I was at
about 10,000 feet on a nice, bright, sunny afternoon. I thought the object was a kite,
then I realized that no kite is gonna fly that high. As I got closer it looked like a weather
balloon, gray and about three feet in diameter. But as soon as I got behind the darn
thing it didn't look like a balloon anymore. It looked like a saucer, a disk. About the same
time, I realized that it was suddenly going away from me -- and there I was, running at
about 300 miles per hour. I tracked it for a little way, and then all of a sudden the damn
thing just took off. It pulled about a 45 degree climbing turn and accelerated and just flat
disappeared."
Donald "Deke" Slayon, NASA Mercury Astronaut
"For six hours...there were at least ten unidentifiable objects moving above Washington.
They were not ordinary aircraft."
Harry. G Barnes, Senior Air Traffic Controller for the CAA 1952
"In view of the wide interest within the Agency. Outside knowledge of Agency interest in
Flying Saucers carries the risk of making the problem even more serious in the public
mind than it already is."
CIA memo 1952
"The least improbable explanation is that these things UFO's are artificial and
controlled. My opinion for some time has been that they have an extraterrestrial origin.
Dr. Maurice Bilot, one of the world's leading aerodynamicists and mathematical
physicists. Life, April 7, 1952
"At this time the reports of incidents convince us that there is something going on that
must have immediate attention. Sightings of unexplained objects at high altitudes and
traveling at high speeds in the vicinity of major U.S. defense installations are of such
nature that they are not attributable to natural phenomena or known types of vehicles."
H. Marshall Chadwell, Assistant Director of Scientific Intelligence, CIA; December
"There are many reasons to believe that they (UFOs) do exist: there is so much
evidence from reliable witnesses."
Prince Phillip, Duke of Edinburgh (Sunday Dispatch, London, Mar. 28, 1954)
"More than 10,000 sightings have been reported, the majority of which cannot be
accounted for by any 'scientific' explanation... I am convinced that these objects do exist
Exhibit A-35
- 4-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3068, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
and that they are not manufactured by any nation on this Earth."
Air Chief Marshal Lord Dowding, Commander-in-Chief of RAF Fighter Command,
London Sunday Dispatch July 11, 1954
"Of course flying saucers are real - and they are interplanetary."
Air Chief Marshall Lord Dowding, former head of Royal Air Force during World War II;
August 1954
"...it is as impossible to confirm UFOs in the present as it will be to deny them in the
future."
Dr. Wernher von Braun
"(UFOs) are conceived and directed by intelligent beings. They probably do not
originate in our solar system." Years later he was quoted as saying, "We cannot take the
credit for our record advancement in certain scientific fields alone. We have been
helped." When asked by whom, he replied, "The people of other worlds."
Dr. Herman Oberth, father of modern rocketry 1954
"It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are space ships from another
solar system. I think that they possibly are manned by intelligent observers who are
members of a race that may have been investigating our earth for centuries. I think that
they possibly have been sent out to conduct systematic, long-range investigations, first
of men, animals, vegetation, and more recently of atomic centers, armaments and
centers of armament production."
"These objects are conceived and directed by intelligent beings of a very high order.
They probably do not originate in our solar system, perhaps not even in our galaxy."
Dr. Hermann Oberth Army Ballistic Missile Agency and later NASA, 1954
"The problem of 'flying discs' has polarized the attention of the whole world, but it's
serious and it deserves to be treated seriously. Almost all the governments of the great
powers are interested in it, dealing with it in a serious and confidential manner, due to its
military interest."
Brigadier General João Adil Oliveira, Chief of the Air Force General Staff
Information Service, Brazil, "Briefing to the Army War College" in Rio de Janeiro on
Nov. 2, 1954
Washington, July 28th, 1995 - Congressman Steve Schiff released the General
Accounting Office report detailing the results of a records audit related to events
surrounding a crash near Roswell, New Mexico in 1947. The 20 page report is the result
of information requests to Congressman Schiff and the difficulty he had getting answers
from the Department of Defense. Schiff said important documents, which may have
shed more light on what happened at Roswell, are missing. "The GAO report states that
the outgoing messages from Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) for this period of time were
destroyed without proper authority. It is my understanding that these outgoing
messages were permanent records, which should never have been destroyed. The
GAO could not identify who destroyed the messages...or why."
Congressman Steve Schiff
'In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better explanation than that thus
far given by the Air Force, I strongly recommend that there be a committee investigation
Exhibit A-35
- 5-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 2907, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
of the UFO phenomena. I think we owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding
UFOs, and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment of the subject."
President Gerald Ford
"In my opinion, the UFO problems... constitutes an areas of extraordianry scientific
interest."
Dr. James McDonald, Professor of Atmospheric Sciences, UFOS: A Scientific
Debate
"Well, Slim, (McClelland's knick name by Astronaut friends), I was flying a P-51 Mustang
at about 12,000 feet over Minneapolis in 1951. I thought it was a simple kite. As I flew
closer to it I looked at it and thought it was a weather balloon. But as I got behind it I
could tell it wasn't a balloon. It looked like a disc."
NASA astronaut Donald "Deke" Slayton to Clarke McClelland
"Maximum security exists concerning the subject of UFOs."
CIA Director Allen Dulles 1955 (later, member of the Warren Commission)
" have discussed this matter with the affected agencies of the government, and they
are of the opinion that it is not wise to publicize this matter at this time."
Senator Richard Russell, head of Senate Armed Services Committee regarding his
sighting of a UFO during a 1955 trip to the Soviet Union.
"Because of the developments of science, all the countries on earth will have to unite to
survive and to make a common front against attack by people from other planets. The
politics of the future will be cosmic, or interplanetary."
Gen. Douglas MacArthur, former Five Star General of the Army,(New York Times,
Oct 8, 1955.)
"While flying with several other USAF pilots over Germany in 1957, we sighted
numerous radiant flying discs above us. We couldn't tell how high they were. We
couldn't get anywhere near their altitude."
"While working with a camera crew supervising flight testing of advanced aircraft at
Edward's Air Force Base, California, the camera crew filmed the landing of a strange
disc object that flew in over their heads and landed on a dry lake nearby. A camera
crewman approached the saucer, it rose up above the area and flew off at a speed
faster than any known aircraft."
NASA astronaut, L. Gordon Cooper
"Reliable reports indicate there are objects coming into our atmosphere at very high
speeds and controlled by thinking intelligences."
Navy Admiral Delmar Fahrney public statement, 1957
"We have stacks of reports about flying saucers. We take them seriously when you
consider we have lost many men and planes trying to intercept them."
General Benjamin Chidlaw - US Eastern Air Defense, Air Defense Command
"It is impossible to deny any more the existence of flying saucers at the present time.
The flying saucer is not a ghost from another dimension... It is a tact confirmed by
material evidence. There are thousands of documents, photos, and sighting reports
demonstrating its existence. For instance, when I went to the Air Force High command
Exhibit A-35
- 6-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3505, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
to discuss the flying saucers I called for ten witnesses - military (AF officers) and
civilians - to report their evidence about the presence of flying saucers in the skies of
Rio Grande do Sul, and over Gravataí AFB [Air Force Base]; some of them had seen
UFOs with the naked eye, others with high powered optical instruments. For more than
two hours the phenomenon was present in the sky, impressing the selected audience:
officers, engineers, technicians, etc."
Brigadier General João Adil Oliveira Brazil, Feb. 28, 1958
"Congressional investigations are still being held on the problem of unidentified flying
objects and the problem is one in which there is quite a bit of interest. Since most of the
material presented to the Committees is classified, the hearings are never printed."
Congressman William H. Ayres 1958
"Saucers exist; I saw two. They were intelligently flown or operated (evasive tactics,
formation flight, hovering). They were mechanisms, not United States weapons, nor
Russian. I presume they are extraterrestrial."
Lt. Colonel Richard Headrickradar bombing expert, 1959
"I've talked with people of military and government credentials and position and heard
their stories, and their desire to tell their stories openly to the public. And that got my
attention very, very rapidly...the first hand experiences of these credible witnesses that,
now in advanced years are anxious to tell their story. We can't deny that, and the
evidence points to the fact that Roswell was a real incident, and that indeed an alien
craft did crash, and that material was recovered from that crash site..."
NASA Astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 Mission veteran.
Dr. Brian O'Leary, on 18th September 1994 made the following declarations publicly at
the International Forum on New Science in Fort Collins, Colorado. Dr O'Leary said that
"For nearly 50 years, the secrecy apparatus within the United States Government has
kept from the public UFO and alien contact information." He flatly stated that. "We have
contact with alien cultures..." As for the non-disclosure of these facts, Dr O'Leary said,
"The suppression of UFO and other extraterrestrial intelligence information for at least
47 years is probably being orchestrated by an elite band of men in the CIA, NSA, DIA
and their like. This small group appears able to keep these already-hard-to-believe
secrets very well. Those who have investigated this hydra-headed beast believe that the
Cosmic Watergate of UFO, alien, mind-control, genetic engineering, free-energy, anti-
gravity propulsion and other secrets will make Watergate or Iran-Gate...appear to be
kindergarten exercises."
Brian O'Leary - NASA Astronaut
"We find ourselves faced by powers which are far stronger than we had hitherto
assumed, and whose base is at present unknown to us. More I cannot say at present.
We are now engaged in entering into closer contact with those powers, and in six or
nine months time it may be possible to speak with some precision on the matter."
Dr. Werner von Braun (on the deflection from orbit of a United States satellite, 1959)
"Unknown objects are operating under intelligent control... It is imperative that we learn
where UFO's come from and what their purpose is. Behind the scenes, high-ranking Air
Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. Through official secrecy and ridicule,
many citizens are led to believe that unidentified flying objects are nonsense. To hide
Exhibit A-35
- 7-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 3304, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
the facts the Air Force has silenced its personnel."
Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, 1st Director, CIA Feb 18, 1960
"It is time for the truth to be brought out in open Congressional hearings. Behind the
scenes high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But
through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying
objects are nonsense."
Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter, 1st Director, CIA (Statement in NICAP news
release, Feb 27, 1960.)
"The overall effectiveness about the actual Soviet response and alert status is not
documented to the point where U.S. intelligence can provide a true picture of how
Soviet air defenses perceive unidentified flying objects. 80% of the sighting reports
investigated by the Air Force's project Blue Book were explainable and posed no
immediate threat to national security. The remaining cases have been classified for
security reasons and are under review. While the possibility remains true U.F.O. cases
are of non-terrestrial origin, U.S. Intelligence is of the opinion that they do not constitute
a physical threat to national defense. For reasons of security, I cannot divulge pertinent
data on some of the more sensitive aspects of MJ-12 activities, which have been
deemed properly classified under the 1954 Atomic Energy Act."
Allen W. Dulles, CIA Director Nov 5, 1961, top-secret operations review concerning
the MJ-12 project, referencing Presidential National Security Memorandum of June 28,
1961 "It has been speculated that of all groups scientists and engineers might be the
most devastated by the discovery of relatively superior creatures, since these
professions are most clearly associated with the mastery of nature, rather than with the
understanding and expression of man."
Brookings Institute for NASA 4/18/61
"At no time, when the astronauts were in space were they alone: there was a constant
surveillance by UFOs."
Astronaut Scott Carpenter-Carpenter photographed a UFO while in orbit May 24,
1962. NASA still has not released the photograph.
"You now face a new world - a world of change. The thrust into outer space of the
satellite, spheres and missiles marked the beginning of another epoch in the long story
of mankind - the chapter of the space age. We speak in strange terms: of harnessing
the cosmic energy ...of the primary target in war, no longer limited to the armed forces of
an enemy, but instead to include his civil populations; of ultimate conflict between a
united human race and the sinister forces of some other planetary galaxy..."
Gen. Douglas MacArthur, former Five Star General of the Army, (Address to the
United States Military Academy at West Point, May 12, 1962.)
Major Robert White reported a UFO during his fifty-eight-mile high flight of an X-15. "I
have no idea what it could be. It was grayish in color and about thrity to forty feet away."
According to a Time Magazine article, Major White exclaimed over the radio: "There
ARE things out there! There absolutely is!"
Major Robert White, USAF X-15 Test Pilot July 17, 1962
"Based upon unreliable and unscientific surmises as data, the Air Force develops
elaborate statistical findings which seem impressive to the uninitiated public unschooled
Exhibit A-35
- 8-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2735, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
in the fallacies of the statistical method. One must conclude that the highly publicized Air
Force pronouncements based upon unsound statistics serve merely to misrepreent the
true character of the UFO phenomena.
Yale Scientific Magazine (Yale University) Volume XXXVII, Number 7, April 1963
"Il am] disturbed by the way in which the CIA has been diverted from its original
assignment. [It has] become a government all of its own and all secret. They don't have
to account to anybody."
President Harry S. Truman Washington Post, December 22, 1963
"I made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy staff in Washington who
were able to obtain for me the following information:
a. The matter is the most highly classified subject in the United States
Government, rating higher even than the H-bomb.
b. Flying saucers exist.
c. Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort is being made by a
small group headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush.
d. The entire matter is considered by the United States authorities to be of
tremendous significance.
Wilbur B. Smith, TOP SECRET Memo; Department of Transport, Intra-departmental
Correspondence, OTTAWA, Ontario, Nov 21, 1950 (downgraded to CONFIDENTIAL
15/9/69)
"As a member of the House Committee on Science and Astronautics, I, of course, have
had contact with high Air Force officers and have had opportunity to hear their
comments on and off the record on the subject of unidentified flying objects. Despite
being confronted with seemingly unimpeachable evidence that such phenomena exist,
these officers give little credence to the many reports on the matter. When pressed on
specific details the experts refuse to answer on grounds that they are involved in the
nation's security and cannot be discussed publicly ...I will continue to seek a definite
answer to this most important question."
Congressman Joseph E. Karth (D. Minn.) - Aug 24, 1960
"I feel that the Air Force has not been giving out all the available information on the
Unidentified Flying Objects. You cannot disregard so many unimpeachable sources."
John McCormack, Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United States;
Jan 1965
"Many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically
well-qualified individuals whose integrity cannot be doubted."
Major General E.B. LeBaily, USAF Director of Information (Sept 28, 1965 letter to
USAF Scientific Advisory Board)
"In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better explanation than that thus
far given by the Air Force, I strongly recommend that there be a committee investigation
[of the UFO phenomenon]."
Congressman Gerald Ford, 1966 [later President]
Exhibit A-35
- 9-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 3010, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
"The trick would be to describe the project so that, to the public, it would appear a totally
objective study, but to the scientific community would present the image of a group of
nonbelievers trying their best to be objective but having an almost zero expectation of
finding a saucer."
Robert Low, University of Colorado senior administrator, former intelligence
officer, and assistant director of the Condon Committee, in a confidential 1966
memo suggesting the approach of the Condon UFO study
"My study of past official Air Force investigations (Project Blue Book) leads me to
describe them as completely superficial. Officially released 'explanations' of important
UFO sightings have been almost absurdly erroneous."
James McDonald, speech to American Meteorological Society 1966
"I have begun to feel that there is a tendency in 20th Century science to forget that there
will be a 21st Century science, and indeed a 30th Century science, from which vantage
points our knowledge of the universe may appear quite different than it does to us. We
suffer, perhaps, from temporal provincialism, a form of arrogance that has always
irritated posterity."
J. Allen Hynek, letter to Science magazine, Aug. 1, 1966
"When the team was ten miles from the landing site, static disrupted radio contact with
them. Five to eight minutes later the glow diminished, and the UFO took off. Another
UFO was visually sighted and confirmed by radar."
Classified report by an Air Force Strike Team at Minot AFB, 1966
"UFOs sighted in Indonesia are identical with those sighted in other countries.
Sometimes they pose a problem for our air defense and once we were obliged to open
fire on them."
Air Marshall Roesmin Nurjadin, Commander-in-Chief of the Indonesian Air Force,
in a letter to Yusuke J. Matsumura dated May 5, 1967, reprinted in Good.
"Much evidence tells us UFOs have been tracked by radar; so, UFOs are real and they
may come from outer space... UFO photographs and various materials show
scientifically that there are more advanced people piloting the saucers and
motherships."
General Kanshi Ishikawa, Chief of Staff of Japan's Air Self-Defense Force;
Commander of the 2nd Air Wing, Chitose Air Base. 1967
" have absolutely no idea where the UFO's come from or how they are operated, but
after ten years of research, I know they are something from ourside our atmosphere.
Dr. James E. McDonald, Professor of Atmospheric physics University of Arizona,
1967
"My own present opinion, based on two years of careful study, is that UFOs are
probably extraterrestrial devices engaged in something that might very tentatively be
termed 'surveillance'. I believe no other problem within your jurisdiction is of comparable
scientific and national importance. These are strong words, and I intend them to be. I
now regard the [extraterrestrial hypothesis! as the one most likely to prove correct."
Dr. James McDonald, testimony to the United States Congress 1968
Exhibit A-35
- 10 -

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3033, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
"The type of UFO reports that are most intriguing are close-range sightings of machine-
like objects of unconventional nature and unconventional performance characteristics,
seen at low altitudes, and sometimes even on the ground. The general public is entirely
unaware of the large number of such reports that are coming from credible witnesses...
When one starts searching for such cases, their number are quite astonishing. Also,
such sightings appear to be occurring all over the globe."
Dr. James E. McDonald, Senior Physicist, Institute of Atmospheric Physics
testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives, "Symposium on Unidentified Flying
Objects," Hearings before the Committee on Science and Astronautics, July 29, 1968.
"Mission Control, please be informed...there is a Santa Claus."
NASA astronaut, James Lovell flying with Frank Borman and William Anders,
emerging from the dark side of the moon during their historic first lunar orbit mission,
Apollo-8, in December, 1968. ("Santa Claus" was the mission code name used if
sighting a 'strange object' such as a UFO)
Both Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin saw UFOs shortly after that historic
landing on the Moon in Apollo 11 on 21 July 1969. One of the astronauts refered to a
"light" in or on a crater during the television transmission, followed by a request from
mission control for further information. Nothing more was heard.
According to a NASA employee Otto Binder, unnamed radio hams with their own VHF
receiving facilities bypassed NASA's broadcasting outlets picked up the following
exchange:
NASA: What's there? Mission Control calling Apollo 11...
Apollo 11: These "Babies" are huge, Sir! Enormous! OH MY GOD! You wouldn't believe
it! I'm telling you there are other spacecraft out there, Lined up on the far side of the
crater edge! They're on the Moon watching us!
A professor engaged in a discussion with Neil Armstrong during a NASA symposium:
Professor: "What REALLY happened out there with Apollo 11?"
Armstrong: "It was incredible. Of course we had always known there was a possibility.
The fact is, we were warned off! (by the Aliens). There was never any question then of a
space station or a moon city."
Professor: "How do you mean 'warned off?
Armstrong: "I can't go into details, except to say that their ships were far superior to ours
both in size and technology - Boy, were they big!...and menacing!"
"Neil Armstrong relayed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious
objects were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But this
message was never heard by the public -- because NASA censored it." Buzz Aldrin took
color movie film of the UFOs from inside the module, and continued filming them after
he and Armstrong went outside. Armstrong confirmed that the story was true but refused
to go into further detail, beyond admitting that the CIA was behind the cover-up."
Dr. Vladimir Azhazha, Physicist; Professor of Mathematics, Moscow University
Exhibit A-35
- 11-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3059, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project - UFO Quotes
...highly secret government UFO investigations are going on that we don't know about."
Senator Barry Goldwater
"We all know that UFOs are real. All we need to ask is where do they come from."
Captain Edgar D. Mitchell, Apollo 14 Astronaut, 1971
"I've been convinced for a long time that the flying saucers are real and interplanetary.
In other words, we are being watched by beings from outer space."
Albert M. Chop, Deputy Public Relations Director, NASA former USAF spokesman
for Project Blue Book.
"If I become President, I'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO
sightings available to the public and scientists. I am convinced that UFOs exist because
I have seen one."
President Jimmy Carter during his Presidential campaign
"I've said publicly I thought they were somebody else, some other civilization."
Eugene Cernan, Commander, Apollo 17 MissionLos Angeles Times, 1973
"It is my conclusion that UFOs do exist, are very real, and are spaceships from another
or more than one solar system. They are possibly manned by intelligent observers who
are members of a race carrying out long-range scientific investigations of our earth for
centuries."
Dr. Herman Oberth, NASA father of modern rocketry, UFO News 1974.
"Sometimes we actually got lucky enough to score a hit with a missile before the UFO
could take any evasive action, which an army air defense battalion did with an
antiaircraft missile near Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany in May 1974. The
spacecraft managed to crash-land in a valley. The craft was retrieved and flown back to
Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada."
Col. Phillip J. Corso (retired), Ramstein AFB, Germany, May 1974 "The Day After
Roswell"
"I was in a plane last week when I looked out the window and saw this white light. It was
zigzagging around. I went up to the pilot and said, "Have you ever seen anything like
that?" He was shocked and he said, "Nope." And I said to him: "Let's follow it!" "We
followed it for several minutes. It was a bright white light." "We followed it to Bakersfield,
and all of a sudden to our utter amazement it went straight up into the heavens." "When
I got off the plane I told Nancy all about it. But we didn't file a report on the object
because for a long time they considered you a nut if you saw a UFO..."
Ronald Reagan 1974
"The flying saucer situation is not all imaginary... Something is flying around."
July 1947 FBI/Army Intelligence Report (declassified by the United States Freedom
of Information Act in 1976)
"Everything is in a process of investigation both in the United States and in Spain, as
well as in the rest of the world... (speaking as an invididual) | believe that UFOs are
spaceships or extraterrestrial craft. The nations of the world are currently working
together in the investigation of the UFO phenomenon. There is an international
exchange of data. Maybe when this group of nations acquire more precise and definite
information, it will be possible to release the news to the world."
Exhibit A-35
- 12-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 528, "chars": 3389, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
General Carlos Castro Cavero, General in the Spanish Air Force and former
Commander of Spain's Third Aerial Region; interview with J. J. Benitez, La Gaceta del
Norte, Balboa, Spain, June 27, 1976.
Gordon L. Cooper, one of America's original seven Mercury Astronauts, personally
saw and his men filmed UFOs so he has been outspoken about the need for an open
inquiry into UFOs. In 1978, he sent the following letter to the United Nations:
"I believe that these extraterrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting this planet from
other planets, which are a little more technically advanced than we are on Earth. I feel
that we need to have a top level, coordinated program to scientifically collect and
analyze data from all over the Earth. We may first have to show them that we have
learned how to resolve our problems by peaceful means rather than warfare, before we
are accepted as fully qualified universal team members. I should point out that I am not
an experienced UFO professional researcher - I have not yet had the privilege of flying
a UFO nor of meeting the crew of one. However, I do feel that I am somewhat qualified
to discuss them, since I have been into the fringes of the vast areas of which they travel.
Also, I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of observation of many flights of
them, of different sizes flying in fighter formation, generally from west to east over
Europe. They were at a higher altitude than we could reach with our jet fighters."
"I do believe UFOs exist and that the truly unexplained ones are from some other
technically advanced civilization."
Gordon Cooper, Mercury 7 Astronaut NASA, USAF Pilot, Nov. 27, 1978
"I think that Walter Schirra aboard Mercury 8 was the first of the astronauts to use the
code name 'Santa Claus' to indicate the presence of flying saucers next to space
capsules. However, his announcements were barely noticed by the general public".
Maurice Chatelain (former) Chief - NASA Communications Systems
"UFOs defy worldly logic... The human mind cannot begin to comprehend UFO
characteristics: their propulsion, their sudden appearance, their disappearance, their
great speeds, their silence, their manoeuvre, their apparent anti-gravity, their changing
shapes."
Earl of Kimberly, House of Lords Debate on Unidentified Flying Objects, HANSARD
(Lords), vol. 397, no. 23, Jan. 18, 1979.
"Many men have seen them [UFOs] and have not been mistaken. Who are we to doubt
their word?... Only a few weeks ago a Palermo policeman photographed one, and four
Italian Navy officers saw a 300-foot long fiery craft rising from the sea and disappearing
into the sky... Why should these men of law enforcement and defense lie?"
Lord Rankeillour, Member of the House of Lords (Ibid)
"The evidence that there are objects which have been seen in our atmosphere... that
cannot be accounted for either as man-made objects or as any physical force or effect
known to our scientists, seems to me to be overwhelming.... A very large number of
sightings have been vouched for by persons whose credentials seem to me
unimpeachable. It is striking that so many have been trained observers, such as police
officers and airline or military pilots. Their observations have in many instances... been
supported either by technical means such as radar or, even more convincingly, by...
Exhibit A-35
- 13-

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3356, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
interference with electrical apparatus of one sort or another..."
Lord Hill-Norton (GCB), Chief of Defense Staff, Ministry of Defense, Great Britain
(1971-73); Chairman, Military Committee of NATO (1974-77); Admiral of the Fleet;
Member of House of Lords (Ibid)
"It followed us during half of our orbit. We observed it on the light side, and when we
entered the shadow side it disappeared completely. It was an engineered structure,
made from some type of metal, approximately 40 meters long with inner hulls. The
object was narrow here and wider here, and inside there were openings. Some places
had projections like small wings. The object stayed very close to us. We photographed
it, and our photos showed it to be 23 to 28 meters away."- Cosmonaut Victor
Afanasyev commenting on a UFO sighting that occurred while en route to the Solyut 6
space station in April of 1979
"We have indeed been contacted by extraterrestrial beings, and the US government in
collusion with other national powers of the Earth is determined to keep this information
away from the general public. The purpose of the inter-nation conspiracy concerning the
reality of UFOs is to maintain a workable stability amongst the nations of the world, and
for them in turn to retain institutional control over their respective populations."
"Thus for governments to admit that there are beings from outer space with mentalities
and technological capabilities obviously far superior to ours, could, once fully perceived
by the average person, erode the foundations of the Earth's traditional power structure.
Political and legal systems, religions, economic and social institutions could all soon
become meaningless in the eyes of the public. The national oligarchical establishments,
even civilization as we know it, could collapse into anarchy. Such a extreme conclusions
are not necessarily valid, but they probably accurately reflect the fears of the ruling
classes of most major nations who's leaders, particularly those in the intelligence
business, have always advocated excessive government secrecy as being necessary to
preserve national security..." "
Victor Marchetti, former Executive Assistant to the deputy director of the CIA,
1979.
"It is true that I was denied access to a facility at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in
Dayton, Ohio, because I never got in. I can't tell you what was inside. We both know
about the rumors (concerning a captured UFO and crew members). I have never seen
what | would call a UFO, but I have intelligent friends who have."
Barry Goldwater - US Senator, US Air Force General and candidate for President ,
quoted from his letter dated April 11, 1979.
"Armstrong had indeed reported seeing two UFOs on the rim of a crater. The encounter
was common knowledge in NASA but nobody has talked about it until now." "...all Apollo
and Gemini flights were followed, both at a distance and sometimes also quite closely,
by space vehicles of extraterrestrial origin. Every time it occurred, the astronauts
informed Mission Control, who then ordered absolute silence."
Maurice Chatelain (former) Chief - NASA Communications Systems, 1979
"Neil Armstrong relayed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious
objects were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But his
Exhibit A-35
- 14-

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3177, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project - UFO Quotes
message was never heard by the public - because NASA censored it."
Dr. Vladmimir Azahzha, Soviet physicist and mathematics professor.
"In this field [Ufology], prejudice will take you farther from the truth than ignorance..."
Bang Wen-Gwang, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing Astronomical Research
Society, 1981
"I still do not know why the high order of classification has been given and why the
denial of the existence of these objects [has been perpetuated]."
Dr. Robert Sarbacher (on his involvement with secret government programs dealing
with UFOs), Nov. 29, 1983
"I know other astronauts share my feelings....And we know the government is sitting on
hard evidence of UFOs. I had a good friend at Roswell, a fellow officer. He had to be
careful about what he said. He made it clear to me that what crashed was a craft of
alien origin, and members of the crew were recovered. It wasn't a weather balloon, like
the Air Force cover story." "Every day in the U.S.A., our radar instruments capture
objects of form and composition unknown to us."
"For many years I have lived with a secret, in a secrecy imposed on all specialists and
astronauts. I can now reveal that every day, in the USA, our radar instruments capture
objects of form and composition unknown to us. And there are thousands of witness
reports and a quantity of documents to prove this, but nobody wants to make them
public."
Colonel L. Gordon Cooper, Mercury/Astronaut, address to the UN in 1985
"As far as my Air Staff is concerned, we believe implicitly that the unexplained UFOs are
from some civilization beyond our planet."
Air Commodore David Thorne, Director General of Operations letter to Timothy
Good, Oct. 24, 1985
"Most scientists have never had the occasion to confront evidence concerning the UFO
phenomenon. To a scientist, the main source of hard information (other than his own
experiments' observations) is provided by the scientific journals. With rare exceptions,
scientific journals do not publish reports of UFO observations. The decision not to
publish is made by the editor acting on the advice of reviewers. This process is self-
reinforcing: the apparent lack of data confirms the view that there is nothing to the UFO
phenomenon, and this view (prejudice) works against the presentation of relevant data."
Peter A. Sturrock, "An Analysis of the Condon Report on the Colorado UFO Project,"
Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol.1, No.1, 1987
"I wish to bring to your attention a very real and dangerous situation that threatens not
only us, the world, but our very existence as a race. No longer can the United States be
in the position which it found itself in 1947. This was realized in January 1950 when
President Truman made a decision to go ahead with a defense program exceeding in
scope and cost of the Manhattan Project."
Dr. Edward Teller, memo to President Reagan
"In our obsession with antagonisms of the moment, we often forget how much unites all
the members of humanity. I occasionally think how quickly our differences, worldwide,
would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world."
Exhibit A-35
- 15 -

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3185, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project - UFO Quotes
Former President Ronald Reagan, while sharing the stage with former Russian
leader, Mikhail Gorbachev, 1988
"His Excellency recognizes the importance of the [UFO] matter, to the extent that within
the Ministry of Aeronautics there exists a Bureau in charge of studying the matter,
receiving, analyzing and archiving chronologically the phenomena observed in Brazilian
airspace that comes to the attention of this Ministry."
Air Force Colonel Sergio Candiota da Silva, Assistant to the Minister of
Aeronautics Dec. 19, 1988
"The phenomenon of UFOs does exist, and it must be treated seriously."
Mikhail Gorbachev, former USSR leader. Reply to workers in the Urals. 'Soviet Youth'
May 4, 1990
"I believe it is a reasonable time to take the UFO problem seriously as a reality... I hope
that this Symposium will contribute to peace on earth from the point of view of outer
space, and take the first step toward the international cooperation in the field of UFOs.
From the point of view of 'people' in outer space, all human beings on earth are the
same people, regardless of whether they are American, Russian, Japanese, or
whoever."
Toshiki Kaifu, Prime Minister, Japan Letter to Mayor Shiotani, June 24, 1990
"Skeptics, who flatly deny the existence of any unexplained phenomenon in the name of
'rationalism,' are among the primary contributors to the rejection of science by the
public. People are not stupid and they know very well when they have seen something
out of the ordinary. When a so-called 'expert' tells them the object must have been the
moon or a mirage, he is really teaching the public that science is impotent or unwilling to
pursue the study of the unknown."
Dr. Jacques Vallee, astrophysicist, computer scientist 1990
"We're not dealing with mental projections or hallucinations on the part of the witness
but with a real physical phenomenon. Reports of anomalous aerial objects (AAO)
appearing in the atmosphere continue to be made by pilots of almost every airline and
air force of the world, in addition to private and experimental test pilots. This paper
presents a review of 56 reports of AAO in which electromagnetic effects (E-M) take
place on-board the aircraft when the phenomenon is located nearby - but not before it
appeared or after it had departed.
"Reported E-M effects included radio interference or total failure, radar contact with and
without simultaneous visual contact, magnetic and/or gyro-compass deviations,
automatic direction finder failure or interference, engine stopping or interruption,
dimming cabin lights, transponder failure, and military aircraft weapon system failure."
Dr. Richard Haines, Chief of Space Human Factors Office, Ames NASA Research
Center International UFO Symposium Proceedings, 1992
Jaques Vallee reveals from his diaries how the government has deliberately misled the
scientific world, the media and the public regarding their information on UFOs and
paranormal research:
" have followed this rule of silence for the last thirty years, but I have finally decided that
I had no right to keep them (diaries) private anymore... They provide a primary source
Exhibit A-35
- 16 -

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3135, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
about a crucial fact in the recent historical record: the appearance of new classes of
phenomena that highlighted the reality of the paranormal. These phenomena were
deliberately denied or distorted by those in authority within the government and the
military. Science never had fair and complete access to the most important files.
"The thirteen years covered here, from 1957 to 1969, saw some of the most exciting
events in technological history.... Behind the grand parade of the visible breakthroughs in
science, however, more private mysteries were also taking place: all over the world
people had begun to observe what they described as controlled devices in the sky. They
were shaped like saucers or spheres. They seemed to violate every known principle in
our physics.
"Governments took notice, organizing task forces, encouraging secret briefings and
study groups, funding classified research and all the time denying before the public that
any of the phenomena might be real. The major revelation of these Diaries may be the
demonstration of how the scientific community was misled by the government, how the
best data were kept hidden, and how the public record was shamelessly manipulated."
Dr. Jacques Vallee, astrophysicist, computer scientist 1992
In a published article in April 1995, Chatelain dropped the bombshell revelation that,
"...the Apollo Moon Mission found 'several mysterious geometric structures of unnatural
origin' on the Moon".
Maurice Chatelain - former NASA Director of Communications
"...if the United States Air Force did recover alien bodies, they didn't tell me about it
either, and I want to know."
Bill Clinton, President - United States of America, Oct. 1995.
"I know other astronauts share my feelings...we know the government is sitting on hard
evidence of UFOs."
Col. Gordon Cooper, Mercury/Gemini Astronaut, Jan 14, 1997
"...the General Staff of the Polish Army have had a special division which gathered and
evaluated all information about UFO sightings and close encounters with aliens since
the early 1980s".
Col. Zdzislaw Czekierda, Spokesman, General Staff - Polish Army, 1997
Hare said she saw a NASA technician air brush a UFO out of a space satellite photo
and "that it was done routinely".
Donna Hare - photo labs, Johnson Space Center - Houston, TX. 1998
"I've talked with people of stature - of military and government credentials and position -
and heard their stories, and their desire to tell their stories openly to the public. And that
got my attention very, very rapidly... the first hand experiences of these credible
witnesses, now in advanced years and anxious to tell their story. We can't deny that,
and the evidence points to the fact that Roswell was a real incident, and that indeed an
alien craft did crash, and that material was recovered from that crash site."
Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 astronaut from a taped interview in 1998.
"If you suppress the truth it becomes your enemy...if you expose the truth it becomes
your weapon. I had the evidence that a crash did happen. I ask [youl this: 'Were you
Exhibit A-35
- 17-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3080, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
there with me? Did you have the clearances?' They can't answer these questions. They
simply criticize with no evidence."
Colonel Philip Corso - National Secuirty Advisor Eisenhower Administration; former
head of the Foreign Technology Desk, United States Army Research and Development;
1998 video interview, shortly before his death.
"Sometimes we actually got lucky enough to score a hit with a missile before the UFO
could take any evasive action, which an army air defense battalion did with an
antiaircraft missile near Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany in May 1974. The
spacecraft managed to crash-land in a valley. The craft was retrieved and flown back to
Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada."
Col. Phillip J. Corso, U.S. Army from "The Day After Rosewell"
', P127, 1998
"Initially I was skeptical about this reality but I believe today that the force of evidence
commands an honest, scientific look at the facts. The evidence points to the fact that
Roswell was a real incident and that indeed an alien craft did crash, and that material
was recovered from the crash site."
Apollo Astronaut Edgar Mitchell, 1999
"If we extrapolate, based on the best information we have available to us, we have to
come to the conclusion that ... other life probably exists out there and perhaps in many
places."
Apollo Astronaut Neil Armstrong, Oct 21, 1999.
"Whatever did or did not happen at Roswell in 1947 will ultimately prove to be a
rounding error when the implications of this phenomenon become widely known."
Joseph Firmage, International Space Sciences Organization, 1999
"I'm fairly convinced that we have discovered life on Mars," Clarke told Buzz Aldrin.
"There are some incredible photographs from [the Jet Propulsion Laboratory], which to
me are pretty convincing proof of the existence of large forms of life on Mars! Have a
look at them. I don't see any other interpretation."
Arthur Clarke ~Feb 27 2001
On March 6, former astronaut and senator John Glenn appeared on the sitcom Frasier
and gave a remarkable soliloquy: "Back in those glory days, I was very uncomfortable
when they asked us to say things that I didn't want to say, and deny other things. Some
people asked, you know, 'Were you alone out there?' We never gave the real answer.
We've seen things out there, strange things. But we know what we saw out there. And
we couldn't really say anything, the bosses were scared of this. They were afraid of War
of the Worlds' type stuff, about panic in the streets. And so we had to keep quiet. And
now we only see these things in our nightmares or maybe in the movies. And some of
them are pretty close to being the truth.
!." Aldrin did not comment.
Senator John Glenn - former NASA astronaut March 6, 2001
In another statement Wednesday, Donna Hare, said that Apollo astronauts saw an alien
craft when they landed on the moon, but were told not to reveal it. Hare's source was a
man who had been quarantined with the astronauts.
Donna Hare, former NASA contract employee (reported by ABC News, May 10,
2001)
Exhibit A-35
- 18-

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3139, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
Former Air Force Maj. George Filer Ill told reporters that when he was at McGuire Air
Force Base in New Jersey, an alien craft came down, and an alien got out and was shot
by a military policeman.
"Our security police went out there and found him at the end of the runway dead," Filer
said.
"They asked me to brief the general staff," he said, but was later told not to. He said he
would tell the story in front of Congress. Filer says he also chased an alien ship over
England when flying for the U.S. Air Force. "I personally have observed a UFO both
visually and on radar."
George Flier III, Major, USAF (reported by ABC News, May 10, 2001)
Diane Reme interviewed VP Dick Cheney on the first part of her show. A caller asked
about UFOs. His reply was something to the effect that '...if I ever was briefed on UFOs
it would be classified and I wouldn't be able to talk about it.' Diane Reme followed by
asking, "Is there an investigation going on in this administration regarding UFOs?" And
he said 'Ummm..... have not come across the subject since I've been back in govt since
Jan 20th. I've been in alot of meetings, but none of them about UFO's as i recall." Dick
Cheney, VP, USA. April 11, 2001. (25 min into the show at: http://www.wamu.org/dr/) As
my friend commented, "Once again, Cheney is either suavely regurgitating another lie -
or - he's telling the truth, which means he's clueless. Either position is unacceptable for
a man in his position, given the critical 'energy /environmental /extraterrestrial situation'
now facing all humanity."
"The astronauts are very controlled by military secrecy oaths."
Clark McClelland - NASA June 6, 2001
Insights, Overview and Context:
"Gradually, I began to accumulate cases that I really couldn't explain, cases reported by
reliable, sincere people whom I often interviewed in person. I found that the persons
making these reports were often not acquainted with UFO's before their experience,
which baffled and thoroughly frightened them. Fearing ridicule, they were often reluctant
to report the sighting and did so only out of a sense of duty and a tremendous desire to
get a rational explanation for their irrational experience."
"The UFO phenomenon exists, and this fact alone should represent a challenge to
science and not a roadblock. We have a responsibility as scientists to support those
who accept this challenge even though we may not ourselves be inclined to pursue the
matter. In any event, ridicule of those who do consider this subject should not enter, for
ridicule is certainly not a part of the scientific method."
Dr. J. Allen Hynek "Are Flying Saucers Real?"
"UFOs are conceived and directed by intelligent beings of a very high order, and they
are propelled by distorting the gravitational field, converting gravity into useable energy.
There is no doubt in my mind that these objects are interplanetary craft of some sort. I
and my colleagues are confident that they do not originate in our solar system... perhaps
not even in our galaxy." It is my thesis that flying saucers are real and that they are
Exhibit A-35
- 19 -

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3283, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
space ships from another solar system."
Dr. Herman Oberth, the father of modern rocketry
"One of the principal results of my own recent intensive study of the UFO enigma is this:
I have become convinced that the scientific community, not only in this country but
throughout the world, has been casually ignoring as nonsense a matter of extraordinary
scientific importance...
James E. McDonald, Senior Physicist, Institute of Atmospheric Physics; Professor
- Dept. of Meteorology; University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona
"No agency in this country or Russia is able to duplicate at this time the speeds and
accelerations which radars and observers indicate these flying objects are able to
achieve... there are objects coming into our atmosphere at very high speeds."
Admiral Delmer S. Fahrney, former head of the Navy's guided-missile program (New
York Times)
"50,000 virtually reliable people have reported sighting unidentified flying objects...
From available information, the UFO phenomenon appears to have been global in
nature for almost 50,000 years. This leaves us with the unpleasant possibility of alien
visitors to our planet, or at least of alien controlled UFO's. The best thing to do is to
keep an open and skeptical mind, and not take an extreme position on any side of the
question"
USAF "Introductory Space Science", Volume II - Deparment of Physics, USAF
"I've talked with people of stature-of military and government credentials and position-
and heard their stories, and their desire to tell their stories openly to the public. And that
got my attention very, very rapidly.... The first hand experiences of these credible
witnesses that, now in advanced years are anxious to tell their story, we can't deny that,
and the evidence points to the fact that Roswell was a real incident, and that indeed an
alien craft did crash, and that material was recovered from that crash site."
Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 astronaut from a taped interview.
"The time will have to come when we realize that we're not the center of the universe.
The galaxy may be teeming with life. There may be millions of civilizations."
Richard Terrile, Astromomer, Jet Propulsion Laboratory
"We're way, way past time for bringing this information to the public, acknowledging it
and entering into the sort of discussions at the highest levels of congress and the
government - to make this information available to the public. It's far, far past time for
this. If we don't do it here, I don't know when we'll ever going to be able to do it."
"I think our representative democracy is in danger....I think events are moving so fast,
so very rapidly, that no one is really on top of it, and if we don't get the people mobilized
here to demand that we get to the bottom of these issues we're talking about
today...we're not going to have an opportunity forever. This is a key issue that we are
talking about."
Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Apollo 14 Astronaut Jan 5, 1998 on the Art Bell Show
As the Federal Government continues to deny the existence of other worldly life forms,
the American people only lose trust in the Federal government. The truth is, the
knowledge that we are not alone is buried deep within our cellular memory. We already
Exhibit A-35
- 20 -

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 875, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Global Strategies Project — UFO Quotes
know the truth. This alone accounts for the deep fascination with all things which deal
with this topic.
Dr. Heather Anne Harder
James Harder
UFO 'research by proclamation':
"Characterized by fantastic tales and an utter lack of research into possible
explanations. 'I have no doubts' is the most common figure of speech...and they are
doubtlessly sincere, if arguably deluded." James Oberg, NASA
"It is difficult for those to see
whose paycheck depends on them not seeing."
(Upton Sinclair)
"All truth passes through three stages: first, it is ridiculed; next it is violently attacked;
finally, it is held to be self-evident." Schopenhauer
"Scientists and skeptics? They spend more time and energy explaining the
uninvestigated...rather than investigating the unexplained." George Knapp
Compilation
© S. Meyers 2002
Exhibit A-35
- 21-
