{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T22:49:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3971440, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123498-exhibit-a-17b-the-quantum-physics-of-time-travel.pdf", "source_sha256": "0d5121f48d304f2bace67df7ea421a014c62a097978d51e411d54571da587b7d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 8, "chars": 56, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
THE

QUANTUM PHYSICS
OF

TIME TRAVEL

Exhibit A-17b
_|-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2561, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Quantum Physics
of Time Travel
Common sense may rule out
such excursions-but the
laws of physics do not
by David Deutsch and Michael Lockwood
T magine, if you will, that our friend
Sonia keeps a time machine in her
garage. Last night she used it to vis-
it her grandfather in
1934,
when he
was still courting her grandmother. So-
nia convinced him of her identity by re-
ferring to family secrets that he had
not yet revealed to anyone. This left
him stunned, but worse was to follow.
When he told his sweetheart over din-
ner that he had just met their future
granddaughter, the lady's response was
both to doubt his sanity and to take of-
fense at his presumption. They never
married and never had the baby who
would have become Sonia's mother.
So how can Sonia be sitting here to-
day, telling us of her adventure? If her
mother was never born, how was she
ever born? The real question is, when
Sonia returns to 1934, can she or can
she not bring her grandparents'
ro-
mance to a premature end? Either an-
swer creates problems. If Sonia can
prevent her own birth, there is a contra-
diction. If she cannot, that inability con-
flicts with common sense, for what is
to prevent Sonia from behaving as she
pleases? Will some strange paralysis
grip her whenever she tries to enact
certain intentions?
Situations like this-a mild version
of the classic "grandfather paradox," in
which the grandfather is murdered by
his time-traveling grandchild-are of-
ten regarded as ruling out time travel.
Yet, surprisingly, the laws of physics do
not forbid such adventures.
Another paradox, which often ap-
pears in science fiction, has been dis-
cussed by the Oxford philosopher Mi-
chael Dummett. An art critic from the
future visits a 20th-century painter, who
is regarded in the critic's own century
as a great artist. Seeing the painter's
current work, the critic finds it medi-
ocre and concludes that the artist has
yet to produce those inspired paintings
that so impressed future generations.
The critic shows the painter a book of
reproductions of these later works. The
painter contrives to hide this book,
forcing the critic to leave without it,
and then sets about meticulously copy-
ing the reproductions onto canvas.
Thus, the reproductions exist because
TIME TRAVELER GREETS
GRANDFATHER
DISASTROUS
DINNER
GRANDFATHER PARADOX, in which a
time traveler prevents his or her own
birth, is a stock objection to time travel.
68
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
GRANDFATHER MEETS
CHARMING LADY
GRANDFATHER DRESSES
FOR DINNER
DELIGHTFUL
DINNER
Exhibit A-17b
- 2-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3610, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
they are copied from the paintings, and
the paintings exist because they are cop-
ied from the reproductions. Although
this story threatens no contradiction,
there is something very wrong with it.
It purports to give us the paintings with-
out anyone's having to expend artistic
effort in creating them—a kind of artis-
tic "free lunch."
physicists understand it. In Einstein's
special and general theories of relativi-
ty, three-dimensional space is combined
with time to form four-dimensional
space-time. Whereas space consists of
spatial points, space-time consists of
spatiotemporal points, or events, each
of which represents a particular place
at a particular time. Your life forms a
ersuaded
such
objections,
kind of four-dimensional "worm" in
space-time: the tip of the worm's tail
corresponds to the event of your birth,
voked a chronology principle that,
and the front of its head to the event of
by fiat, rules out travel into the past.
your death. An object, seen at any one
One-way travel into the future raises no
instant, is a three-dimensional cross
such problems. Einstein's special theory
section of this long, thin, intricately
of relativity predicts that, with sufficient
curved worm. The line along which the
acceleration, astronauts could go on a
worm lies (ignoring its thickness) is
journey and return to the earth decades
called that object's worldline.
into the future, while physically aging
At any point on your worldline, the
only a year or two. It is important to
angle it makes with the time axis is a
distinguish between predictions such
measure of your speed. The worldline
as this, which are merely surprising,
of a ray of light is typically drawn as
and processes that would violate phys-
making an angle of 45 degrees; a flash
ical laws or independently justifiable
of light spreading out in all directions
philosophical principles.
forms a cone in space-time, called a
We shall shortly explain why travel-
lightcone [see illustration on next page].
ing into the past would not violate any
An important difference between space
such principle. To do so, we must first
and space-time is that a worldline-un-
explore the concept of time itself, as like, say, a line drawn on paper-can-
DAVID DEUTSCH and MICHAEL LOCK-
WOOD, both of the University of Oxford,
share an interest in the philosophical
foundations of physics. Deutsch is a re-
search fellow at Wolfson College; he
earned his doctorate in physics at Ox-
ford under Dennis Sciama, did postdoc-
toral research under John A. Wheeler,
Bryce DeWitt and Roger Penrose and is
now working on the quantum theory of
computation. Deutsch is writing a book
on physics and philosophy entitled The
Fabric of Reality. Lockwood is a fellow of
Green College and lecturer at the depart-
ment for continuing education; he earned
his doctorate in philosophy, also at Ox-
ford, under the late Sir Alfred Ayer. His
book, Mind, Brain, and the Quantum, was
published in 1989, and he is currently
writing another on the nature of time.
The authors believe that the real uni-
verse is far stranger than anything con-
ceived of in science fiction but is also ul-
timately more intelligible.
not be any arbitrary squiggle. Because
nothing can travel faster than light, the
worldline of a physical object can nev-
er stray outside the lightcone emanat-
ing from any event in its past. World-
lines that meet this criterion are called
NO WEDDING
NO CHILDREN
NO GRANDCHILDREN
TIME
MACHINE
AND TIME
TRAVELER
тизя
NO TIME TRAVELER
WEDDING
BIRTH
OF DAUGHTER
BIRTH
OF GRANDDAUGHTER
(TIME TRAVELER)
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
69
Exhibit A-17b
- 3-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4281, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIGHTCONE
WORLDLINE
→
HEIGHT
• TIME
WIDTH
SPACE AND TIME are combined into one four-dimensional entity, space-time. Here
we show two space dimensions and time. A worldline connects all events in our
life in space-time; since we have some size, a person's worldline is more like a
worm extending from birth to death than a line. The worldlines of light rays ema-
nating in all space directions from an event trace out a cone in space-time, called a
lightcone. The worldline of any object, such as the navel of this figure, cannot
stray outside a lightcone emanating from any point in its past.
timelike. Time, as measured by a watch,
increases in one direction along a
worldline.
Einstein's special theory of relativity
requires worldlines of physical objects
to be timelike; the field equations of
his general theory of relativity predict
that massive bodies such as stars and
black holes distort space-time and bend
worldlines. This is the origin of gravity:
the earth's worldline spirals around the
sun's, which spirals around that of the
center of our galaxy.
Suppose space-time becomes so dis-
torted that some worldlines form clesed
loops [see illustration on opposite page].
70 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
Such worldlines would be timelike all
the way around. Locally they would
conform to all the familiar properties
of space and time, yet they would be
corridors to the past. If we tried to fol-
low such a closed timelike curve (or
CTC) exactly, all the way around, we
and get pushed aside. But by following
part of a CTC, we could return to the
past and participate in events there.
We could shake hands with our youn-
ger selves or, if the loop were large
enough, visit our ancestors.
To do this, we should either have to
harness naturally occurring CTCs or
Exhibit A-17b
- 4-
create CTCs by distorting and tearing
the fabric of space-time. So a time ma-
chine, rather than being a special kind
of vehicle, would provide a route to the
past, along which an ordinary vehicle,
such as a spacecraft, could travel. But
unlike a spatial route, a CTC (or rather,
the surrounding closed timelike tube
gets used up if repeatedly traversed:
just so many worldline worms can fit
into it, and no more. If one travels on it
to a particular event, one will meet ev-
eryone who has ever traveled, or will
ever travel, to that event.
oes our universe now, or will it
know, but there are various
theoretical conjectures about how they
might be formed. The mathematician
Kurt Gödel found a solution to Ein-
stein's equations that describes CTCs.
In that solution, the whole universe ro-
tates (according to current evidence,
the actual universe does not). CTCs also
appear in solutions of Einstein's equa-
tions describing rotating black holes.
But these solutions neglect infalling
matter, and how far they apply to real-
istic black holes is a matter of contro-
versy. Also, a time traveler would be
trapped
inside the black hole after
reaching the past, unless its rotation
rate exceeded a critical threshold. As-
trophysicists think it unlikely that any
naturally occurring black
holes are
spinning that fast. Perhaps a civilization
far more advanced than
ours could
shoot matter into them, increasing their
rotation rate until safe CTCs appeared,
but many physicists doubt that this
would be possible.
A kind of shortcut through space-
time, called a wormhole, has been
mooted by Princeton University physi-
cist John A. Wheeler. Kip S. Thorne of
the California Institute of Technology
and others have shown how two ends
of a wormhole could be moved so as to
form a CTC. According to a recent cal-
culation by J. Richard Gott of Prince-
ton, a cosmic string (another theoreti-
cal construct that may or may not exist
in nature) passing rapidly by another
would generate CTCs.
We are at present a very long way
from finding any of these CTCs. They
may, however, become accessible to fu-
ture civilizations, which might well at-
tempt to enact time-travel paradoxes.
Let us therefore take a closer look at
the paradoxes to see what principles, if
any, time travel would violate, accord-
ing to classical and quantum physics.
Classical physics says, unequivocally,
that on arriving in the past Sonia must
do the things that history records her
doing. Some philosophers find this an

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 888, "chars": 5400, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unacceptable restriction of her "free
es to her; she accepts. Not only could
will. " But as an argument against time
this happen-under classical physics
travel within classical physics, that ob-
something like it must happen. Sonia,
jection is unpersuasive. For classical
far from altering the past, becomes
physics in the absence of CTCs is de-
part of it.
terministic: what happens at any in-
What if Sonia is determined to rebel
stant is wholly determined by what
against history? Suppose she travels
happens at any earlier (or later) instant.
back to meet her earlier self. At this
Accordingly, everything we ever do is
meeting, her younger self records what
an inevitable consequence of what hap-
her older self says and, in due course,
pened before we were even conceived.
having become that older self, deliber-
This determinism alone is often held to
ately tries to say something different.
be incompatible with free will. So time
Must we suppose, absurdly, that she is
travel poses no more of a threat to free
gripped by an irresistible compulsion
will than does classical physics itself.
to utter the original words, contrary to
her prior intentions to do otherwise?
Paradox 15 not the vation or
Sonia could even program a robot to
paradox is not the violation of
speak for her: Would it somehow be
free will but of a fundamental
forced to disobey its program?
principle that underlies both science
Within classical physics, the answer
and everyday reasoning; we call this
is yes. Something must prevent Sonia
the autonomy principle. According to
or the robot from deviating from what
this principle, it is possible to create in
has already happened. It need not be
our immediate environment any con-
anything dramatic, however. Any com-
figuration of matter that the laws of
monplace hitch will suffice. Sonia's ve-
physics permit locally, without refer-
hicle breaks down, or the robot's pro-
ence to what the rest of the universe
may be doing. When we strike a match,
gram turns out to contain a bug. But
one way or another, according to clas-
we do not have to worry that we might
sical physics, consistency requires the
be thwarted because the configuration
autonomy principle to fail.
of the planets, say, might be inconsis-
Now let us return to the story of the
tent with the match being lit. Autono-
time-traveling art critic. We call this vi-
my is a logical property that is highly
olation of common sense a knowledge
desirable for the laws of physics to
paradox (the grandfather paradox is an
possess. For it underpins all experimen-
tal science: we typically take for grant-
ed that we can set up our apparatus in
any configuration allowed by physical
law and that the rest of the universe
will take care of itself.
In the absence of CTCs, both classi-
cal and quantum physics conform to
the autonomy principle. But in their
presence, classical physics does not, be-
cause of what John L. Friedman of the
University of Wisconsin and others call
the consistency principle. This states
that the only configurations of matter
that can occur locally are those that are
self-consistent globally. Under this prin-
TEAR IN
SPACE-TIME
ciple, the world outside the laboratory
can physically constrain our actions in-
side, even if everything we do is consis-
tent, locally, with the laws of physics.
Ordinarily we are unaware of this con-
straint, because the autonomy and con-
sistency principles never come into con-
flict. But classically, in the presence of
CTCs, they do.
Classical physics says there is only
one history, so try as she might to do
other than what history dictates, con-
sistency requires Sonia to act out her
part in it. She may visit her grandfa-
ther. But perhaps when he tells Sonia's
grandmother-to-be what happened, she
becomes worried about his state of
health. He is very touched and propos-
inconsistency paradox). We use the
term "knowledge" here in an extended
sense, according to which a painting,
a scientific article, a piece of machin-
ery and a living organism all embody
knowledge. Knowledge paradoxes vio-
late the principle that knowledge can
come into existence only as a result of
problem-solving processes, such as bi-
ological evolution or human thought.
Time travel appears to allow knowledge
to flow from the future to the past and
back, in a self-consistent loop, without
anyone or anything ever having to grap-
ple with the corresponding problems.
What is philosophically objectionable
here is not that knowledge-bearing arti-
facts are carried into the past—it is the
"free lunch" element. The knowledge
required to invent the artifacts must not
be supplied by the artifacts themselves.
In an inconsistency paradox, physi-
cal events seem to be more tightly con-
strained than we are used to. In a
knowledge paradox, they are less tight-
ly constrained. For instance, the state
of the universe before the art critic ar-
rives does not determine who, if any-
one, will arrive from the future or what
he or she will bring along: the generally
deterministic laws of classical physics
allow the critic to bring back great pic-
tures, poor pictures or no pictures at
all. This indeterminacy is not what we
CLOSED
TIMELIKE
CURVE
TODAY
TOMORROW
CLOSED TIMELIKE CURVE can be formed if space-time loops around. Entering such
a curve tomorrow and moving forward in time, we can end up at today.
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
71
Exhibit A-17b
- 5-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 897, "chars": 5738, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ATIME
SPACE
NEUTRON
PROTON
ANTINEUTRINO
- ELECTRON
NEUTRON DECAY can occur at any time,
though some times are more likely than
others. For each instant in which the
neutron might decay, there is a universe
in which it decays at that instant, accord-
ing to Everett's multiverse interpretation
of quantum mechanics.
usually expect from classical physics,
but it constitutes no fundamental im-
pediment to time travel. Indeed, the in-
determinacy would allow the classical
laws to be supplemented with an addi-
tional principle, stating that knowledge
can arise only as a result of problem-
solving processes.
Yet that principle would land us in
the same problem regarding autonomy
as we encountered in the grandfather
paradox. For what is to prevent Sonia
from carrying new inventions into the
past and showing them to their sup-
posed originators? So although classi-
cal physics can, after all, accommodate
the kind of time travel that is usually
considered paradoxical, it does this at
the cost of violating the autonomy
principle. Hence, no classical analysis
can wholly eliminate the paradox.
All this, however, is in our view aca-
demic. For classical physics is false.
There are many situations in which it is
an excellent approximation to the truth.
But when closed timelike curves are in-
volved, it does not even come close.
lations, which use an approximation
that ignores the gravitational effects of
quantum fields, fluctuations in such
fields would approach infinity near the
CTC. Approximations are inevitable un-
til we discover how to apply quantum
theory fully to gravity; but space-times
containing CTCs push current tech-
niques beyond the limits where they
can be confidently applied. We believe
that Hawking's calculations reveal only
the shortcomings of those techniques.
The quantum-mechanical effects that
we shall be describing, far from pre-
venting time travel, would actually fa-
cilitate it.
Quantum mechanics may necessitate
the presence of closed timelike curves.
CTCs, while hard to find on large scales,
may well be plentiful at submicroscop-
ic scales, where the effects of quantum
mechanics predominate. There is as yet
no fully satisfactory theory of quantum
gravity. But according to many versions
that have been proposed, space-time,
though it appears smooth at large
scales, has a foamlike submicroscopic
structure containing many wormholes
as well as CTCs reaching about 10-42
second into the past. For all we know,
time travel by subatomic particles may
be going on all around us.
More important, quantum mechanics
can resolve the paradoxes of time trav-
el. It is our most basic physical theory
and constitutes a radical departure from
the classical worldview. Rather than
predicting with certainty what we shall
observe, it predicts all possible out-
comes of an observation and the prob-
ability of each. If we wait for a neutron
to decay (into a proton, an electron and
an antineutrino), we are most likely to
observe this in about 20 minutes. But
we might observe it immediately or be
kept waiting indefinitely. How are we to
understand this randomness? Is there
something about the internal state of
neutrons, currently unknown, that dif-
fers from one neutron to another and
explains why each neutron breaks up
when it does? This superficially attrac-
tive idea turns out to conflict with pre-
dictions of quantum mechanics that
have been experimentally corroborated.
Other attempts have been made to
modifying quantum mechanics. None
ne thing we already know about
are generally deemed to have succeed-
CTCs is that if they exist, we
ed. So we prefer to take quantum me-
need quantum mechanics to
chanics at face value and to adopt a
understand them. Indeed, Stephen W.
conception of reality that straightfor-
Hawking of the University of Cam-
wardly mirrors the structure of the the-
bridge has argued that quantum-me-
ory itself. When we refer to quantum
chanical effects would either prevent
mechanics, we mean its so-called many-
CTCs from forming or would destroy
universes interpretation, first proposed
any would-be time traveler approach-
by Hugh Everett Ill in 1957. According
ing one. According to Hawking's calcu-
to Everett, if something physically can
72
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
Physical reality consists of a collection
of universes, sometimes called a multi-
verse. Each universe in the multiverse
contains its own copy of the neutron
whose decay we wish to observe. For
each instant at which the neutron might
decay, there is a universe in which it
decays at that instant. Since we observe
it decaying at a specific instant, we too
must exist in many copies, one for each
universe. In one universe we see the
neutron break up at 10:30, in another
at 10:31 and so on. As applied to the
multiverse, quantum theory is determin-
istic-it predicts the subjective proba-
bility of each outcome by prescribing
the proportion of universes in which
that outcome occurs.
Everett's interpretation of quantum
mechanics is still controversial among
physicists. Quantum mechanics is com-
monly used as a calculational tool that,
given an input-information about a
physical process-yields the probabili-
ty of each possible output. Most of the
time we do not need to interpret the
mathematics describing that process.
But there are two branches of phys-
Ics-quantum cosmology and the quan-
tum theory of computation-in which
this is not good enough. These branch-
es have as their entire subject matter
the inner workings of the physical sys-
tems under study. Among researchers
in these two fields, Everett's interpreta-
tion prevails.
B-UNIVERSE
MULTIVERSE PICTURE OF REALITY un-
ravels the time travel paradoxes. Sonia
plans to enter the time machine tomor-
Exhibit A-17b
- 6 -

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 760, "chars": 4579, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What, then, does quantum mechan-
ics, by
Everett's interpretation,
say
about time travel paradoxes? Well, the
grandfather paradox, for one,
simply
does not arise. Suppose that Sonia em-
barks on a "paradoxical" project that,
if completed, would prevent her own
conception. What happens? If the clas-
sical space-time contains CTCs, then,
according to quantum mechanics, the
universes in the multiverse must be
linked up in an unusual way. Instead of
having many disjoint, parallel univers-
es, each containing CTCs, we have in
effect a single, convoluted space-time
consisting of many connected univers-
es. The links force Sonia to travel to a
universe that is identical, up to the in-
stant of her arrival, with the one she
left, but that is thereafter different be-
cause of her presence.
lo does Sonia prevent her own
D witch marese one is retenta
which universe one is referring
to. In the universe she leaves, the one
she was born in, her grandfather did
marry her grandmother because, in
that universe, he received no visit from
Sonia. In the other universe, the one
whose past Sonia travels to, her grand-
father does not marry that particular
woman, and Sonia is never born.
Thus, the fact that Sonia is traveling
in time does not constrain her actions.
And it turns out, according to quantum
mechanics, that it never would. Quan-
tum mechanics, even in the presence
of CTCs, conforms to the autonomy
principle.
Suppose Sonia tries her best to enact
a paradox. She resolves that tomorrow
she will enter the time machine and
emerge today, unless a version of her
first emerges today, having set out
from tomorrow; and that if a version of
her does emerge today, she will not en-
ter the time machine tomorrow. With-
in classical physics, that resolution is
self-contradictory. But not under quan-
tum physics. In half the universes-call
them A-an older Sonia steps out of
the time machine. Consequently, just
as she resolved, Sonia does not enter
the time machine tomorrow, and each
A-universe thereafter contains two So-
nias of slightly different ages. In the
other (B) universes, no one emerges
from the time machine. So Sonia sets
out and arrives in an A-universe where
she meets a younger version of herself.
Once again, she can behave as she likes
in the past, doing things that depart
from her (accurate) recollections.
So in half the universes there is a
meeting between two Sonias, and in
half there is not. In the A-universes an
older Sonia appears "from nowhere,"
and in the B-universes she disappears
"into nowhere." Each A-universe then
contains two Sonias, the older one hav-
ing started life in a B-universe. Sonia
has gone missing from each B-universe,
having emigrated to an A-universe.
However convoluted Sonia's plans
might be, quantum mechanics says the
universes link up in such a way that she
can carry them out consistently. Sup-
pose Sonia tries to cause a paradox by
traveling around the link twice. She
wants to reappear in the universe she
started from and join her previous self
for a spaghetti dinner instead of the
stir-fry she remembers having. She can
behave as she likes, and in particular
eat whatever she likes, in company with
her younger self; however, the multi-
verse, by being linked up in a way dif-
ferent from that of the previous para-
dox, prevents her from doing so in her
original universe. Sonia can succeed in
sharing spaghetti with a version of her-
self only in another universe, while in
the original universe she is still alone,
eating stir-fry.
Time travel would make possible an-
other curious phenomenon, which we
call asymmetric separation. Suppose
that Sonia's boyfriend, Stephen, stays
behind while she uses her time machine
in one of the ways we have described.
In half the universes, she enters it and
never returns. Thus,
from Stephen's
point of view, there is a possibility that
he will be separated from her. Half the
versions of him will see Sonia depart-
ing, never to return. (The other half will
be joined by a second Sonia.) But from
Sonia's point of view, there is no pos-
sibility of her being separated from
Stephen, because every version of her
--UNIVERSE
B-UNIVERSE
TIME
A-UNIVERSE
row and travel back to today but resolves that if she emerges
from the time machine today, she will not enter tomorrow.
She is able to carry out this plan, without paradox. In a B-uni-
verse she does not emerge today and so enters the time ma-
chine tomorrow. She then emerges today, but in an A-universe,
and meets her copy—who does not enter the time machine.
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
73
Exhibit A-17b
- 7-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 947, "chars": 5717, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CalViN and HObbEs
I GUESS IF WE GET TO HAVE
SNACKS, IT WOULD BE OK TO
TIME TRAVEL. IF THEY RE
GOOD SNACKS, I MEAN.
GREAT! PUT
ON YOUR
VORTEX
GOGGLES.
THE DIAL IS SET FOR 140
MILLION YEARS AGO, 50
OFF WE GO-O-O!
I HAVE A QUESTION. WHY
DONT WE GET YOUNGER AS
WE GO BACK IN TIME, AND
DISAPPEAR AS WE PASS THE
DAY WE WERE BORN?
I'D EXPLAIN
IT, BUT THERES
A LOT OF
MATH.
I THOUGHT
YOU GOT A
"D" IN MATH.
© 1991 Watterson (distributed by Universal Press Syndicate
will end up in a universe containing a
version of him-whom she will have to
share with another version of herself.
If Stephen and Sonia follow a similar
plan-entering the time machine if and
only if the other does not first emerge-
they can separate completely, ending
up in different universes. If they carry
out more complex intentions, each of
them could end up in the company of
any number of versions of the other. If
time travel were achievable on a grand
scale, competing galactic civilizations
could use these asymmetric separation
effects to have the whole galaxy to
themselves. Also, an entire civilization
could "clone" itself into any number of
copies, just as Sonia did. The more often
it did this, the likelier it would be that
an observer would see it disappear from
his universe, just as Stephen sees Sonia
disappear from the A-universe when
her "clone" appears in the B-universe.
(Perhaps this explains why we have not
yet encountered any extraterrestrials!)
In the art critic story, quantum me-
chanics allows events, from the partici-
pants' perspective, to occur much as
Dummett describes. The universe that
the critic comes from must have been
one in which the artist did, eventually,
learn to paint well. In that universe, the
pictures were produced by creative ef-
fort, and reproductions were later tak-
en to the past of another universe.
There the paintings were indeed plagia-
rized—if one can be said to plagiarize
the work of another version of one-
self-and the painter did
get "some-
thing for nothing." But there is no para-
dox, because now the existence of the
pictures was caused
by genuine cre-
ative effort, albeit in another universe.
The idea that time travel paradoxes
could be resolved by "parallel univers-
es" has been anticipated in science fic-
tion and by some philosophers. What
we have presented here is not so inuch
a new resolution as a new way of arriv-
74 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN March 1994
ing at it, by deducing it from existing
physical theory. All the claims we have
made about time travel are consequenc-
es of using standard quantum mechan-
ics to calculate the behavior of logic cir-
cuits-just like those that are used in
computers, except for the additional
supposition that information can travel
into the past along CTCs. The time trav-
elers in this computer model are pack-
ets of information. Similar results have
been obtained using other models.
hese calculations definitively dis-
pose of the inconsistency para-
doxes, which turn out to be mere-
ly artifacts of an obsolete, classical
worldview. We have argued that the
knowledge paradoxes would likewise
present no obstacle to time travel. But
one cannot make that argument airtight
until concepts like knowledge and cre-
ativity have been successfully translat-
ed into the language of physics. Only
then can one tell if the "no-free-lunch"
principle we require-that it takes prob-
lem-solving processes to create knowl-
edge-is consistent, in the presence of
CTCs, with quantum mechanics and
the rest of physics.
There is a final argument that is of-
ten raised against time travel. As Hawk-
ing puts it,
"The best evidence that
time travel never will be possible is that
we have not been invaded by hordes of
tourists from the future." But this is a
mistake. For a CIC reaches only as tar
back as the moment it was created. If
the earth's first navigable CTC is con-
structed in 2054, subsequent time trav-
elers could use it to travel to 2054 or
later, but no earlier. Navigable CTCs
might already exist elsewhere in the
galaxy. But even then we should not ex
pect
"hordes of tourists from the fu-
ture." Given the limited
capacity of
CTCs and that our stock of them at any
given time cannot be replenished in this
universe, a CTC is a nonrenewable re-
source. Extraterrestrial civilizations or
our descendants will have their own
priorities for its use, and there is no
reason to assume that visiting the earth
in the 20th century would be high on
their list. Even if it were, they would ar-
rive only in some universes, of which
this, presumably, is not one.
We conclude that if time travel is im-
possible, then the reason has yet to be
discovered. We may or may not one
day locate or create navigable CTCs.
But if anything like the many-universes
picture is true-and in quantum cos-
mology
and the quantum theory of
computation no viable alternative is
known-then all the standard objec-
tions to time travel depend on false
models of physical reality. So it is in-
cumbent on anyone who still wants to
reject the idea of time travel to come
up with some new scientific or philo-
sophical argument.
FURTHER READING
CAUSAL LOOPS. Michael Dummett in The
Nature of Time. Edited by R. Flood and
M. Lockwood. Basil Blackwell, 1986
als of the New York Academy of
ces, Vol. 631, pages 182-193; Augi
1991.
cal Review D, Vol. 44, No. 10, pages
3197-3217; November 15, 1991.
THE PARADOXES OF TIME TRAVEL. David
Lewis in American Philosophical Quar
terly, Vol. 13, No. 2, pages 145-152;
April 1976. Reprinted in The Philosophy
of Time. Edited by Robin Le Poidevir
and Murray MacBeath. Oxford Universi
ty Press, 1993
DUST TE MACI ENCE CONNE
mos Ori in Physical Review Letter
ol. 71, No. 16, pages 2517-2520; O
tober 18, 1993.
Exhibit A-17b
- 8 -
