{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:29:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 225383, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123481-exhibit-a-50a-the-boys-their-discs-and-the-satellite-gove.pdf", "source_sha256": "2924862986c06c9131392d1ec7f4064029c566e2890b4be2c0bd82adf3e5f26d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 580, "chars": 3472, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
THE WHOLE ENCHILADA
INTRODUCTION — DOCUMENT ACQUIREMENT
The Daily Republic front-page newspaper article published on February 27, 1995 went much
further then just locally in Fairfield, California, thanks to a service called UFO News clipping
service. This in turn led to the Internet, which meant worldwide exposure. Some of the best
connections I have had in Ufology were developed out of this exposure. My contact with the
SG was one of them.
A gentleman contacted me a few months after the article was published and explained that
he was a private Ufologist whom wished to remain anonymous and unknown. He claimed he
was with a group whom was interested in meeting me and checking out the area for UFO's.
He claimed they had thousands of dollars worth of equipment, which could detect all forms
of anomalous activity in regards to UFOs. He also claimed he had a good connection in the
Pentagon and that there was activity in the Upstate New York area, which involved grays
mining some materials. He claimed he knew an activist who ran a research center outside of
Area 51. He expressed a strong desire to meet me.
As I was slightly alarmed at the approach and information from this person, I had a
one weekend he called and claimed he would be taking a drive up through the area and he
would like to stop by. I decided to take a gamble and arranged to meet with him. The time
we arranged was in the afternoon, so I was able to take care of other business in my
contracting business, which was functional at that time. As I had planned my day
accordingly so my schedule would facilitate meeting with him, many incidents prevented
this from occurring. From flat tires to road accidents I was destined to not make this
appointment.
My beautiful wife hosted him as he inquired and quizzed for all information he could possibly
gather on me. He also left the "Whole Enchilada Document" along with a home video. The
home video was of an individual giving a lecture at a research facility outside of Area 51
whom had helped build the simulators they discuss in this document. He claimed that this
was his original and only copy of this document and he needed to get it back. Attached to it
that this was a document he had authored and that he wanted them to read. He also left
instructions to please not share this with the media or MUFON.
me out. Why% as a question hi enter or wile one
would meet him in person.
As time went on, it was never requested to have this material returned. Further attempts
were made to make person-to- person contact with me. I still avoided this though, for I had
not pondered long enough. I finally made a trip up to the Trinity Alps for 2 weeks to air out,
and gather my space. While up there it began to hit me like a ton of bricks.
awarenes what Bacter genetin tie or er mere
the New Age/Spiritual and Scientific/Academic/Public communities while hedging on the
scientific side. Capable of being in the public eye, and doing so as a common person,
without a heavy academic degree or any military background. I was either a rare possible
disseminator of information or a candidate for disinformation.
In my next correspondence with this individual I decided to utilize a direct approach and
discuss this theory I had. His response was ever so positive, and as he
referred to this
theory, he stated he had the connections to forward a plan, such as the one I was proposing
Exhibit A-50a
- i-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
of bringing this information into the public eye. One time he erred, as he referred to the
pretense of "we", then correcting to "they"
, continuing on to say, "would bring you straight
up to the top, and you would only be allowed to release certain information." As I had
deeply considered this, I did not move on it as certain individuals talked me out of this
involvement at this point in time.
As time passed and the mundane tasks in life distracted me, another wave of awareness
and involvement began to occur again with Ufology in my life. This brings us into the
current time frame where I work on a full time basis, out of a sense of urgency that brought
about the "World Transition Project". Correspondences with my contact were productive and
congenial at this time, and I felt as if I had advanced to higher levels as compared to a year
ago.
Information was shared on a productive basis and a meeting in person finally transpired. I
found this Gentleman to be a very congenial and concerned individual. He seemed to be for
the people and the planet more then anything else. He also claimed to know two of the
members of MJ-12 and also one of the original founding members of the SG. All of these
individuals being in their 80's were still able to hold their position of power and say within
the SG.
My theory suggested a change was in order for national / world security protocols as they
currently existed. A more viable and logical process would be as follows:
1) To identify potentially benevolent ET species or groups.
2) Establish mutual communication and understanding.
3) Develop alliance with identified elements of a positive nature.
4) Utilize guidance, knowledge, and group alliance for the betterment and overall
protection Earth and Mankind as a whole.
This has been suggested by us in private 'think-tank' discussions at high levels, and was
received amazingly well as demonstrated by Kit Green's (alleged former CIA UFO Dept.
Head) comment of, "I whole heartedly agree with these most eloquent words."
Ultimately this has all led to the undertaking of our "Project Contact", which sets out to
achieve the foundations of those goals. Project Contact 'Initiatives' are undertaken in
contact cases where a pre-screening for benevolence is met, and current ongoing events are
occurring. Though we do not initially discount a contactee's telepathic connection in such
events, protocols are eventually aimed to establish the Initiatives 'documented contact' by
external technological means. This will eliminate the human psychological component, as a
considered variable, in demonstrating two-way cooperative dialog and communications with
ET or UTI beings.
To Truth & Advancement
Steve Moreno
Founder & Managing Director
Psi APPLICATIONS
Exhibit A-50a
- ii -

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3296, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs, and the Satellite Government
Version 1.10 - February 27, 1995
Prelude:
The Period of the late 1940s through the early 1950s was a most interesting time to have
an eye to the sky. Not so much for what one might see in the sky, but rather for what one
might see falling out of the sky. For a while it seemed as if discs were dropping from the
skies like autumn leaves.
Apparently the first, and the most famous, was the Roswell, New Mexico crash in July of
1947. Although actually closer to Corona then Roswell, it will be forever linked with that
name. The outcome of this incident was a damaged craft, a large pile of debris, and our first
look at extraterrestrial bodies. (Although there have been some reports of survivors, at least
for a short time beyond the initial crash, the reports are inconclusive).
In many ways, this event took the government by surprise, but it reacted quickly. Special
study groups were established to exploit the new exotic materials now in our possession.
More importantly, a highly secret group was established by President Truman to oversee all
aspects of this phenomenon, and to develop procedures for the covert recovery of such
craft, should a crash happen again.
Ip was establshed by Prethe ct Tert recovery of suct
There were excellent reasons at the time for keeping such a discovery under wraps. First of
all, there was a legitimate question of the impact of a revelation like this upon the American
people. It was, after all, only 9 years since the country had been terrorized by Orson Wells'
"War of the Worlds" broadcast. There was also the strategic military potential of the find. We
were nose to nose with the
Soviet Union and possession of advanced extraterrestrial
technology could provide us with "wonder weapons", weapons many leaders felt we would
The secret group organized, and procedures were put in place. They didn't have long to
wait. Only ten months later, in May of 1948, another disc came to rest north of Aztec, New
Mexico. This time, the recovery went so smoothly little was publicly known of the event.
As time passed, there were other disc retrievals. But due to the effectiveness of the
recovery teams, not to mention the effectiveness of the dies-information agents over the
years, just precisely what happened and when is not clear.
But why, at this point in time, had discs begun fluttering down from the skies? Why had this
not happened in the early 1900s or even the 1800s" It seems absurd that craft advanced
enough to make the trip to Earth, from wherever they originate, should all suddenly develop
engine trouble.
Although no one on the outside of the recovery programs really knows for sure, the best
speculation revolves around the deployment of new, very high powered tracking radar. It
may be that the radar, a very recent development at that time, interfered in some
catastrophic way with either the propulsion or guidance of the craft. It also would appear
that after a few years the visitors were scooting around in craft that had been modified to
correct that vulnerability.
There is also a distinct possibility that the story of the crash that follows was actually a "set
up". That is, it was deliberately done to initiate contact with us (in an admittedly odd
manner).
Exhibit A-50a
- 1-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3723, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
The Boys Drop In
On May 20, 1953 an extraterrestrial craft crashed into the desert near Kingman, Arizona.
What little information there is in the public domain on this event puts it about 20 miles
northwest of Kingman, but the accuracy of this information is unknown.
The military units arriving upon the site found a craft 10 meters in diameter containing four
beings. Two of the beings were seriously enough injured that they were disabled. The other
two were uninjured, but in a state of some confusion.
Unknown to the military at that time, the "countrymen" of the beings in the craft were
aware of the incident, and were closely monitoring the proceedings. The reason events
turned out as they did was that the military showed up before any rescuers could.
moroned that mey be slowed to renter the cat it was not known
beings use the equivalent of the term "vessel" for their craft). This was permitted, but the
hatch remained open to monitor their activity. They remained in their vessel for a while and
it was later learned they had been communicating with those monitoring their situation.
Upon their exit, they began their journey to Los Alamos.
As the beings were on their way to Los Alamos, work continued at the crash site. A party
was prepared to enter the craft, dressed in clean room garb and wearing surgical masks.
They were provided with equipment to maintain constant contact with those outside.
However, after entry, communications failed. The party emerged after about an hour very
nauseous, vomiting, and in a state of confusion. Amazingly, they were unable to remember
any details of the interior of the craft, but no one wanted back in for another look!
Apparently, the craft remained energized in some manner, emitting a low frequency
humming sound from the lower part of the hull. Given the effects on the entry party, it was
decided to seal the craft, camouflage it, and ship it via tank carrier to the Nevada Test Site.
The entry party was taken to Los Alamos for medical tests.
Before the crash retrieval could be completed, one more surprise awaited. The craft was
quite light so it was no problem to hoist it atop the waiting tank carrier. However, the 10-
meter diameter of the craft created a considerable overhang on each side of the hauler. This
was cause for some concern, given that travel would be on normal width public roads. Since
the pneumatic-grips were still in place, it was decided to tilt the craft up at an angle to
reduce the overhang. However try as it would, the crane was unable to budge the craft from
a horizontal position. Up and down movement of the craft was effortless. Rotation was
impossible. Given this unusual turn of events, their only choice was to move it horizontally,
as a house is moved, with roadblocks along the route provided by military vehicles.
At Los Alamos, work began with the visitors, who had come to be nicknamed "The Boys".
They were placed in a secure facility manned by doctors, chemists, a bio-astronautic
engineer, and a linguist. It was decided that the first order of business was to establish
better communication with the Boys, which had so far been limited to basic sign language.
It was hoped that by establishing a dialog, enough information could be gained to solve the
problem of entering the craft.
As things got underway, an odd role reversal occurred. It seemed the Boys began their own
analysis of the food, the facilities, and their "captors". The studiers were now the studied.
As the two injured boys recovered, communication progressed. Success was eventually first
achieved between the bio-astronautic engineer and the tallest of the Boys, nicknamed
Exhibit A-50a
- 2-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 3657, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
"Smiling Eyes". However what was communicated caused quite a stir: The Boys wanted to
go back to their craft.
After much deliberation, it was decided to accommodate their request. The Boys were all
taken to the Nevada Test Site where their craft was being stored. They were apparently
quite pleased to find that their craft was being stored. The hatch was opened and the four of
them filed in. After a short period, the hum that had been coming from the craft suddenly
ceased. Smiling Eyes came out, went directly to the bioastronautics engineer, and requested
he join him in the craft. After an OK from the team leader, the bioastronautics engineer
accompanied smiling Eyes back into the craft. After another short period, both emerged,
with the engineer happy, healthy and apparently suffering no ill effects.
Following these events, the Boys asked that they be housed at the Test Site with their craft,
and began a series of requests for materials, equipment and literature. So began our life
with the Boys....
Over time, the Boys began to exercise a considerable amount of control over the operation
to the point of almost becoming dictatorial. They themselves directed many of the
or personnel wein the
appointments of personnel within the operation. The Boys created quite a stir when they
requested, and were granted, that the bioastronautics engineer be appointed to head the
program. Apparently, this individual was a fairly junior person at the time, and those in
more senior positions were quite upset over this usurping of authority. Other appointments
were requested, with most coming from the science field. It also became apparent that the
Boys themselves were taking some of their direction from their own superiors, whom they
maintained contact with.
Reportedly, the Boys did not remain exclusively at the Test site facilities, but also spent
considerable time at Los Alamos assisting our scientists with the "translation" of their
technology.
Presto: The Satellite Government Or, Nixon Really Was The One!
Immediately after Dwight Eisenhower was sworn in as President in January of 1953, he
began revamping the secret structure set up by President Truman for dealing with the
extraterrestrial phenomenon. Eisenhower put his Vice President, Richard Nixon, in charge of
the operation.
Eisenhower and Nixon were never very close. They were very different personality types.
Yet Eisenhower respected Nixon's abilities to get things done and gave his vice-president
considerably more responsibilities than had been accorded previous vice-presidents. Nixon
was more than up for the added responsibility, being a savvy and aggressive politician with
ranging connections. He was perfect for the task of setting up the new organization. As an
added benefit, no one gave the vice-president's office much scrutiny, adding to the security
of the operation
Nixon's group studied the problem and by the middle of 1953, perhaps spurred on by the
arrival of the Boys, came up with a proposal for the highly secret organization that could
maintain its secrecy for a long period of time. It was patterned after the highly successful
Manhattan Project, which had utilized thousands of workers to develop the atomic bomb in
near total secrecy. However since it was not wartime, as was the case for the Manhattan
Project,
the lack of urgency allowed the use of even more effective shrouding of its
existence.
This "Satellite Government" (SG) that came into being under Nixon's guidance was a unique
consortium of existing government agencies, select US military units, certain US companies
Exhibit A-50a
- 3-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 3815, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
and banking institutions. The government's involvement was limited and known only to a
few individuals who acted as interfaces. The government's primary role was to provide
money and other specialized support (i.e., military, security, etc.) as needed. The SG is
totally insulated and compartmentalized operation, separate from the normal government
chain. It is presumed, but not known for sure, that the authority for the establishment and
continued operation of the SG lies in a highly classified national security executive order.
Admittedly, the term "Satellite Government" is an odd one. Yet according to the best
reports, the organization is somewhat like a sovereign state within the US, much like an
Indian reservation. They have their own laws and authority to enforce them. Interaction
with and submission to the normal US government is minimal. Whether or not the "citizens"
(employees) of the SG have forfeited any of their rights by joining is unknown.
The bulk of the research on the discs was (and still is) performed by the private companies
involved in the SG. In addition to being reimbursed by the government, in some as yet
unknown manner,
the companies were also allowed to reap the benefits of their research
into the disc's operation. As new technological discoveries were made, the companies were
allowed to claim some of them as their own, under tight oversight.
The use of the private sector allowed a new freedom of operations. New security
requirements and classifications were created. Personnel who had been involved in previous
A 40-year agreement between the SG and the Boys was entered into in the early 1950s. It's
not exactly a contract, but it is an agreement that the Boys expect to be kept. It's scheduled
to expire on August 1, 1995. What this expiration means or if it may be renewed is not
known.
out of can us government ate or one
locations belonging strictly to them. We also agreed to provide them with quantities of
selected raw materials, one of the more significant quantities being the element Boron. In
exchange, we have been given access to their technology, their assistance in interpreting it
and several of their operating discs. However, the discs given us are older, less advanced
models but still far beyond anything else we have.
The agreement between the Boys and our government is strictly a US affair. Other countries
are not a part of it. It is not known, however, if other countries have assisted in the research
program, but only the US has working craft. It is almost a certainty that crash recovery
efforts have been undertaken in other countries.
A few words about Boron, one of the trade materials. The majority of the world's supply of
Boron comes form the US, specifically from Trona and Boron in California. It's apparently
purchased by several companies of the SG, as a cover, then forwarded to the Boys. Boron
turns out to be a very interesting material. It's one of the lightest of the elements and is
extremely strong. Unfortunately, its extremely high melting point has prevented its use by
us as a structural material. We simply don't have the technology as yet to work with it.
We've been limited to utilizing it as thin fibers embedded in a metallic binder (metal matrix
composite) such as aluminum. Boron has one other eyebrow-raising attribute. It is used in
nuclear processes because it absorbs neutrons exceedingly well, slowing down nuclear
reactions.
Working For The SG, An Invisible Job For Life
There isn't a central personnel office that advertises for employment with the SG. New
recruits or employees are typically brought in from the companies comprising the SG.
Prospective employees are monitored by their superiors for several years as they go about
Exhibit A-50a
- 4-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 4086, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
their normal tasks. During this time they also earn increasing levels of security clearances,
and trust and confidence in the employees build. Usually a minimum of 2 to 3 years is
required to bring a new employee into the SG and 4 years is more likely. Requirements for
the specialized clearances of the SG are apparently quite stringent and there is a high rate
of rejection. If the employee looks promising and has needed skills or knowledge, an offer is
made to join a new challenging, highly classified project, with few details given.
Once in, most people would consider employment with the SG a "dream job"
, with the
exception of the security constraints. The nature and type of work is exciting in the
extreme, far beyond what is encountered in normal aerospace firms. Whatever supplies or
equipment that's needed are provided without hesitation or delay. The equipment is all
state-of-the-art or better. Paperwork and other bureaucratic trappings are kept to a
minimum. While the workers are encouraged to work efficiently, there do not appear to be
many deadlines or races against the clock. In many ways, the arrangement seems to
incorporate all the best attributes of a "Skunk Works" type operation.
The work is compartmentalized for security reasons, as would be expected, but not
oppressively so. The various groups (i.e., propulsion, electrical, navigation, etc.) interface
knowing only the minimum necessary of what the others are doing. Still, there are overall
briefings of a general nature to keep most aware of what is happening.
Reportedly, there are a few fringe benefits peculiar to employment with the SG. The wages
are as good or better than comparable positions on the outside, and payment is in cash.
Better yet, all payment of taxes seems to be handled by the SG with only a few unique
he employes one l
forms to be filled out by the employees. Once in the program, the employees are pretty
much guaranteed a job for life if they maintain reasonable production and conduct.
The SG even sets up a retirement plan of sorts for its employees. As might be expected,
there are some twists to it. The plan is somewhat like a joint account. It contains a
considerable cash value that may be drawn out at intervals by the retired employee.
may be damn ourse
nervie by the retired emp ye as ,
However, the SG still has access to the funds and has the power to remove them should the
employee violate any of the numerous non-disclosure agreements signed. This helps
maintain secrecy well after employees leave the SG.
What about individuals who simply wash out of the program? Those employees who, for
some reason or another, can no longer perform or start disclosing sensitive information. Due
to the intensive screening process, this shouldn't happen often, but occasionally it does.
Reportedly, these people are "transferred" or simply not seen again. This could be exactly
what it seems, or it could be something of a more sinister nature. It's simply not known at
this time.
Overall, employment with the SG has been decried as a pleasure, insulated from the
concerns of normal society. This, combined with the unusual security arrangements, may
explain why so little of this information has leaked into the public arena over these many
years. What person in their right mind would jeopardize their lifestyle, friendships, and
exclusive knowledge just to bring forth a story to the public that it probably not only
wouldn't believe, but is better off not knowing?
The only down side to employment with the SG are the stringent and unique security
requirements. Regular visits to psychologists are part of the arrangement. Should an
employee relocate, security personnel go through all of the employee's belongings prior to
the move to ensure nothing of a sensitive nature is in the employee's possession. Taken as
a whole, the security arrangements have been described as "humiliating". For this reason,
and because of the tremendously strict clearance requirements for employment with the SG,
Exhibit A-50a
- 5-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3238, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
there is a shortage of qualified workers. As older workers retire from the program, the SG is
finding it difficult to recruit or clear younger replacements.
Security. Religion Of The SG
Every employee of the SG is assigned a permanent security officer. That officer remains with
the employee until the employee dies. If the employee retires or quits, the security officer
still maintains contact with the employee, though on a much reduced basis (Every 3 months
or so is typical). Should a security officer retire or die, a new one is assigned to the pool of
employees the original officer serviced.
The dealings with the security officers have been described in pleasant terms. The vast
majority of visits are quite friendly. This really shouldn't be too surprising, as the security
officer/employee relationship is a very long term one, and at least some semblance of a
friendship may develop. However, no matter how cordial the relationship is, there is always
a subtle, implied message that the SG is monitoring the employee and improper conduct will
be discovered and dealt with.
This long-term relationship also serves the security needs of the SG. Because the security
officers get to know the employees so well, any changes in behavior or conduct are quickly
noticed. Again, due to the personal relationships, it's possible for the security officers to
effect changes in conduct of the employees without being overtly threatening.
The security apparatus has been quite effective in preventing outside investigations from
getting too close to the real facts of the UFO phenomenon. There is a widespread network
monitoring the activities of the many groups and individuals pursuing the subject. It is
likely, but at this point unproved, that some of the more prestigious and high ranking UFO
researchers are actually in the employ, or at least under the direction, of the SG.
Occasionally, a group or an individual may stray dangerously close to certain elements of
the phenomenon. When this happens, the group or individual will get a visit from "a
source". The source will provide amazing new information intended to divert the direction of
the probes. The source will be very convincing and have all the answers. Of course it will be
difficult to verify certain aspects of the new information, but much will be verifiable, or at
least seem plausible.
Unfortunately, the source is in reality a information-information agent of the SG. The
information provided will be a conglomeration of truth and fiction, combined in such a way
as to make separation impossible. This will not be found out until much later, if at all, and
well after the original investigation has been diverted and any group structure in disarray.
Looking back into the past, the pattern becomes obvious. The MJ-12 papers and the
Aquarius papers are fine examples. The security personnel of the SG have done an
outstanding job of keeping the secret. They are very, very good.
to maintain the secrecy.
Part of the SG is a high-ranking committee with the somewhat ominous name of the
"Thunder Board". While its precise function is uncertain, it's believed to deal mainly with
security issues.
Exhibit A-50a
- 6-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 3970, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
Bits About The Boys
The Boys may be best described by paraphrasing Robert Lazar: "They are your typical
grays, if there is such a thing as a typical gray." They are similar to the bodies recovered
from the Roswell crash, the descriptions of which are probably the most reliable in the public
domain. Short, big eyes, no ears to speak of, flat nose, and a slit for a mouth. Four long
slender fingers on each hand. The Boys usually are clothed in somewhat conventional
garments, such as shirts and pants. Their shoes are slightly different from ours.
They do have emotions, but on a much more reserved scale then humans. This includes a
sense of humor. They have been known to "tweak" the military, creating a ruckus, by
piloting their craft over restricted, sensitive military areas where they are sure to be seen by
the public.
They also engage in activities like this when they are displeased with their dealings with the
SG. Reportedly, the Boys are frustrated with the SG and its cloak of secrecy. This cloak
prevents the use of our "best and brightest" scientist and engineers. We can only use the
best of those that can survive the exhaustive clearance process. And while these people are
no doubt very good, they are probably not our very best. Worse than this are some reports
that the Boys feel the SG hasn't kept their parts of the bargain (Whatever the bargain may
be). In any case, the Boys are no longer happy campers.
The Boys have significant psi abilities, much better than most humans. They have developed
their mental processes to the point where they are capable of telepathy, psycho kinesis (PK)
and what we would call "remote viewing". While a few humans, with training, have
accomplished some of what the Boys can do, we still have a way to go.
Communication between the Boys and humans is primarily telepathic. If you had one of the
Boys "talk" to you, you would actually "hear" his voice in your mind, and it would usually
sound like yours. Also, two observers might describe one of the Boys slightly differently,
each observer "seeing" something slightly different, depending upon their own
preconceptions. This may explain the reported sightings of a wide array of different beings,
up to and including reptoid type beings.
Some of the controls on their craft are operated via their psychokinetic abilities. In order for
our pilots to reliably operate our own versions of the craft, these PK controls had to be
replaced with more conventional interfaces.
There are several different species or races of the Boys, each with very minor differences.
Some are taller, some shorter. They tend to not intermingle much and remain on their
receptive home worlds, located in the Zeta Reticule system. Each race has been described
as having its own "mission" or purpose.
Generally, the Boys have little interest in human affairs and appear somewhat indifferent to
us. However they are very busy with their various studies. There are probably no more than
6 to 8 of the Boys on the planet at present.
Discs and Simulators-Saucers R Us
The craft recovered from crashes or gained in material exchanges apparently all have
similar control systems. As mentioned, these seem to operate utilizing some sort of PK
method. Unfortunately, while we have some pilots capable of handling the craft, and we
have some "psychics" talented enough to operate the controls, we have a distinct lack of
psychic pilots! The result of this has been the necessity to replace the original control
systems with systems and avionics that are similar to those our pilots are used to dealing
with. This includes instrumentation such as altitude, airspeed (velocity is probably the
proper term in this case), and pitch and roll indicators.
Since this effort has been underway since the end of the 1950s and early 1960s, the first
replacement interfaces were tremendously bulky arrangements. However over the years,
Exhibit A-50a
- 7-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 629, "chars": 3984, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
the major advances in electronic miniaturization and computer processing and control have
made things much more simple and safe for our pilots.
The actual principle of operation of the craft is still the subject of speculation in the public
sector. A few things are known however. The energy for the craft, at least those in our
possession, is presently provided by a bank of extremely high efficiency, high capacity
capacitors. They act, in essence, as a giant rechargeable battery for the craft. Unfortunately,
this limits the flight time of the craft, and the craft operate quite a bit below what they are
capable of.
Our earliest replicas operated with a live nuclear reactor on board. This proved to be
somewhat hazardous and "dirty" and the reactor was eventually replaced by the cleaner
capacitor arrangement.
There are some reports that the craft originally operated on an energy source that utilized
some other type of advanced nuclear process that provided a much longer and higher
energy output than our reactors or capacitors. It is not known why we do not, or cannot,
use the same processes in our craft. In any event, the capacitor arrangement is our
breakthrough, which is a source of some pride.
Based upon the crashed craft, and those received in trade, we have been able to construct
replicas entirely on our own, although with great difficulty. The craft are assembled from
individual, interlocking segments, some pie shaped, some hexagonal, etc. They are joined in
a unique manner without any sort of fasteners or adhesives utilizing a "molecular adhesion"
effect (somewhat like a capillary action) between optically smooth surfaces. This type of
fabrication is at the very far edge of our capabilities.
As to what the craft actually look like, apparently the best public representation has been
the craft described by Robert Lazar as the "Sport Model". A poster has been released
showing this representation in detail, and a plastic model has been produced by the Testers
Corporation.
The craft are quite unlike anything our top pilots have flown, and while perhaps not difficult
to operate, they are very different and require a lot of training. Accordingly simulators have
been built to train pilots prior to actual flight. There have been a total of 3 simulators
constructed, each for slightly different type of disc. Two of the simulators, at least until
recent years were located at Area 51.
These simulators duplicate exactly the environment encountered while operating the discs,
down to even duplicating the outward appearance. Curiously, they contain capacitor banks
for the generation of an ionized plasma field around the simulator. Reportedly, the actual
discs generate a plasma field, about 6" thick around the hull, which acts as some sort of
"atmospheric shield", allowing hypersonic operation within the atmosphere. The reason for
such a plasma field
around a simulator seems to be to create the proper instrumentation
response within the simulator and to train pilots to ensure the plasma field is operating prior
to moving the craft. There are not any seatbelts in the simulators or the craft themselves.
How the inertial effects are dealt with is not yet known.
The discs are not capable of inverted flight but may pitch or roll up to 65 degrees in any
direction. When the craft come up to higher power levels, they essentially vanish, leaving
only a shimmer visible.
Abductions
Most importantly, there is no agreement between the Boys and a sinister faction of our
government allowing the abduction of our citizens in exchange for high tech alien booty.
However the SG is concerned that the abduction is a real and disturbing phenomenon and
has had it under study for a while. Apparently, the SG is not quite sure exactly what is
happening and are trying to ascertain that the Boys. or their cohorts, are not responsible.
Beyond that, no reliable information is available.
Exhibit A-50a
- 8-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
Cattle Mutilations
No reliable information on this subject has yet to make it into the public arena. It is not
known if the SG or the Boys have any involvement in this activity. "Where's the Beef"
remains an unanswered question.
Classified Data
The following is a list of what type of information is considered classified by the SG and may
not be discussed or released: Technical data, drawings, photos, illustrations, and sketches.
Code names and types of classifications. Documents containing names of companies,
personnel, and associated military groups. Procedures, equipment designs, and standards
People, Places and Companies
The primary disc research location appears to be the Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL)
in New Mexico. This facility is ideal due to its remoteness, high security, and extremely
educated and talented workforce. LANL has been involved in the phenomenon since the late
1940s when some of the first of the crashed discs (Aztec, New Mexico, for example) were
brought in for analysis.
Most flight-testing, until at least recently, has been performed at the Nellis Range complex
in Nevada. Presumably, most of this testing was done at Area 51 Dreamland) but may have
been moved to some other remote facility (perhaps White Sands, New Mexico) due to the
widespread publicity Area 51 has received in the last few years. There are some indications
of disc research activity in highly secret facilities located in the far forward areas of the
There has been much public interest in Papoose Lake as a site of flight test activity after
Robert Lazar's public statements in 1989, where he claimed to have witnessed a number of
discs and an actual flight test during a limited period of employment there. While some
elements of Lazar's story have been verified, other portions have proven to be false and it
remains controversial. The best information at present indicates that while there may have
been some disc activity at Papoose Lake in the past, the operation has been shut down and
relocated elsewhere.
There are most certainly locations of operations other than those mentioned above.
However, other locations remain shrouded in secrecy.
The actual size of the SG is very difficult to estimate, at least by the people on the outside.
Obviously, there are a number of compartments to it, whose existence may not even be
known amongst themselves. In order to keep secrecy and efficiency, the overall program is
likely not very large. A good estimate of the Los Alamos/Nellis Complex group would be less
than 200 individuals.
While few names of the ranking SG personnel are known, Dr. E..........T.......... is thought to
hold a position of considerable power within the organization.
The following corporations (a very incomplete listing) are thought to play key roles in the
program's operation:
• Aerojet General Corporation
• Bechtel Corporation EG&G
• Lockheed Corporation
• Martin Marietta Corporation
Exhibit A-50a
- 9-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 3740, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government
So Where Do We Stand Today? Is The Lid Loosening!
Initially, the desire for secrecy was probably a mutual one between our government and the
Boys. Over the years, this has changed so now while SG still wants to keep things under
wraps, the Boys are a bit tired of it. They are tired of the bureaucracy involved in dealing
with the SC, and the fact our very best scientists are not a part of the program.
So the big question is: Does this all still need to be kept secret? Have things truly changed
enough in our society for the covers to be removed?
Well, the strategic military concerns of disclosure have certainly lessened in recent years.
The Soviet Union, and its accompanying military threat, has essentially faded from the
scene. It is still possible that if the technology is simple enough, disclosure might put it
within the reach of small, terrorist nations. This would remain a valid concern. However,
given the reported difficulties in fabrication, it doesn't appear likely.
Another big change is in our perception of our place in the universe. The citizens of the US
(and to some extent, the world) are much more sophisticated than they were in 1947.
Travel in space, both manned and unmanned, has become so commonplace that it has lost
much of its novelty. The idea of someday encountering extraterrestrial life is not only
accepted, it is expected (just not this week). So it would seem, society is about as ready as
it ever will be.
So what's keeping the lid on? Actually, more than a few reasons, and while perhaps not
"good" reasons, they are powerful ones.
Certainly there's still the potential for some substantial impacts to segments of our society.
The religious community would have their hands full for a while. Some areas of business,
such as transportation, might be strongly shaken with the announcement of new modes of
flight. And we are, after all, still very strongly petroleum based, and this may play with that
in some way.
Secret programs, such as this, have a kind of inertia. They tend to take on their own life.
The thought is, "It's worked for all these years, why mess with success? Why open it up to
medaling congressional committees and federal bureaucrats?"
The personnel who comprise the SG have a lot to lose from disclosure. Their wages and
retirement may go down once the program has to compete for funding with others.
Certainly the red tape and bureaucracy will increase, just like in other government
programs. The insulation from the outside world and its difficulties will vanish.
Then there's the fact that the American people have been deceived for all these years. Now
it can certainly be argued that it was for their own good (and it actually was), but who really
wants to hear that? There will be an unprecedented eruption of indignation and outrage
when this is disclosed. With trust in government at an all time low today, who wants to drive
it lower?
A more recent, oddly ominous consideration is the abduction phenomenon. Whether it is
actually occurring or not, a significant portion of the population thinks it is. And when this
portion of the populace has a look at the Boys, they will view them as a validation of their
beliefs and lash out at the Boys as "sperm and embryo nappers." This abduction concept is
now well planted in our culture and may prove very difficult to deal with.
Disclosure of the program is the right thing to do. It will also be a terrible thing to do,
especially for those bringing the news forth. Is the leadership of the SG courageous enough
to do such a thing? Is anyone in the US government courageous enough? Well, not right
now, but maybe check back with us again next week.
Exhibit A-50a
- 10-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 89, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
The Boys, Their Discs and the Satellite Government

Anonymous Author

Exhibit A-50a
-ll-
