{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:03:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 48, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1135073, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123466-exhibit-a-10b-mass-modification-experiment-definition-stud.pdf", "source_sha256": "66a8716d6efd44bee0df31e7702e3c3eeb8569ffa5390ff288ded90e14e080c6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 336, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
PL-TR-96-3004
PL-TR-
96-3004
Mass Modification Experiment Definition
Study
Robert L. Forward
Forward Unlimited
February 1996
Final Report
APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE; DISTRIBUTION UNLIMITED.
PHILLIPS
ABORATORY
PHILLIPS LABORATORY
Propulsion Directorate
AIR FORCE MATERIEL COMMAND
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE CA 93524-5000
Exhibit A-10b
- i-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 265, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOREWORD
This report was prepared by Robert L. Forward, Forward Unlimited, I
Mead Jr.
This report has been reviewed and is approved for release and distribution in accordance
with the distribution statement on the cover and on the SF Form 298.
Exhibit A-10b
- ii -

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1628, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REPORT DOCUMENTATION PAGE
Form Approved
OMB No 0704-0188
caric me extin adel for i alectio a liarstation ediate ad to ease aaie bourg sed pace, lad uli co le tia for reravia structions.
February 1996
4. TITLE AND SUBTITLE
Mass Modification Experiment Definition Study
6. AUTHOR(S)
Robert L. Forward
7. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
Forward Unlimited
5. FUNDING NUMBERS
C:
F04700-95-M-4216
PE:
PR:
000000
NASA
TA:
SLOB
8. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION
REPORT NUMBER
9. SPONSORING/MONITORING AGENCY NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
Phillips Laboratory
0. SPONSORING/MONITORIN
GENCY REPORT NUMBE
PL-TR-96-3004
11. SUPPLEMENTARY NOTES
COSATI CODE(S):
2010; 2003
122. DISTRIBUTION/AVAILABILITY STATEMENT
Approved for public release; distribution is unlimited
12b. DISTRIBUTION CODE
A
13. ABSTRACT (MAXIMUM 200 WORDS)
The vacuum is proving to be one of the hottest topics in contemporary physics. It is a source of numerous effects
orce fields that emerge from nowhere, particles popping in and out of existence, and energetic jitterings with no al
14, SUBJECT TERMS
vacuum fluctuations; fluctuation energy; inertia; gravity; Casimir; Casimatter;
Hughes-Drever; Scharnhorst; zero-point; quantum fluctuations; electromagnetic
fluctuation energy; inertial mass; inertia wind; zero temperature
17. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
OF REPORT
1& SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
19. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
OF THIS PAGE
DE ABSTRACI
Unclassified
Unclassified
Unclassified
NSN 7540-010280-5500
i/ii
Exhibit A-10b
- iii -
15. NUMBER OF PAGES
44
IS PRICE CODE
20. LIMITATION OF ABSTRACT
SAR
Standard Form 298 (Rev 2-89)
Prescribed by ANSI Std 239-18
298-102

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 21, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Exhibit A-10b
- iv -

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 19, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 5, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Exhibit A-10b
- V-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 1348, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SECTION PAGE
MASS MODIFICATION EXPERIMENT DEFINITION STUDY GOALS
RATIONALE FOR STUDY AND RECOMMENDED EXPERIMENTS
AN INTRODUCTORY TUTORIAL ON THE QUANTUM MECHANICAL ZERO
TEMPERATURE FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
QUANTUM MECHANICS ..
QUANTIZATION OF MATTER AND ENERGY
UNCERTAINTY PRINCIPLE
ELECTROMAGNETIC FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
CHARGED-PARTICLE PAIR FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
VERIFICATION ...
ALTERNATE THEORY
SUMMARY
RANKED LIST OF POSSIBLE EXPERIMENTS ..
MEASUREMENT OF CASIMIR FORCE ON CONDUCTING PLATES
CASIMIR STRESS INDUCED ANISOTROPIC INERTIAL MASS MEASUREMENT
ESTIMATE OF ANISOTROPY MAGNITUDE
MEASUREMENT OF THE SCHARNHORST EFFECT ON LIGHT SPEED ..
EFFECT OF CASIMIR STRESSES ON INERTIAL MASS
ESTIMATE OF THE SCHARNHORST EFFECT ON INERTIAL MASS
HUGHES-DREVER ANISOTROPIC INERTIAL MASS NULL EXPERIMENT ........
CAVEATS CONCERNING OTHER EFFECTS MASKING SCHARNHORST EFFECT ..
APPLYING FREE PRECESSION TO A CASIMIR ANISOTROPY EXPERIMENT ...
GENERATING "SUBCOSMIC RAYS" IN A COLD VACUUM CHAMBER ..
"INERTIA WIND" EXPERIMENT ..........
NONLINEARITY OF VACUUM EXPERIMENTS
MAKING AND WEIGHING CASIMATTER
ANNOTATED CONDENSED BIBLIOGRAPHY
SHORT LIST OF ACTIVE RESEARCHERS IN VACUUM FLUCTUATIONS
Exhibit A-10b
- vi -
1
.2
.4
4
.5
.5
.7
7
.8
•10
...12
...14
...14
...15
..15
.16
...17
...19
...19
...21
....22
.23
..24
.26
...28
.36

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 22, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Exhibit A-10b
- vii -

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MASS MODIFICATION EXPERIMENT DEFINITION STUDY GOALS
The goal of this study contract was to define an experiment
that could conclusively determine, one way or the other, whether
the mass
of a body could be modified by modifying the vacuum
fluctuations around or in that body. If the mass of a body can
be modified in even a small way, that fact will be of importance
to science. If the mass of a body can be modified significantly,
that fact will be of importance to Air Force missions.
The study was instigated by the conjectures by Puthoff
(1989) and his colleagues Haisch, Rueda, and Puthoff (1994) that
the gravitational mass and the inertial mass of a body are
induced effects brought about by changes in the fluctuation
energy of the vacuum when the body is present. The study was not
limited to the Puthoff conjectures. Other theories concerning
the various effects of vacuum fluctuations were also considered.
Puthoff, Haisch and Rueda were contacted in an attempt to
Identify a definitive experiment. This requires that the theory
proposed by Puthoff and colleagues make a numerical prediction of
a specific result, and requires
that the experimental apparatus
have the sensitivity and precision to measure the predicted
result to high accuracy. If the experimental result agrees with
the theoretical prediction, then the Puthoff conjecture will have
been proven to be "correct" (as much as
any theory can be proven
to be correct), while if the experimental result does not agree
with the theoretical prediction, the Puthoff conjecture will have
been conclusively proven to be wrong. Unfortunately, it was not
possible to identify a definitive experiment. There are
experiments presently being undertaken by Puthoff, which, if
successful, will prove the Puthoff conjecture correct. The
failure of these experiments to produce a result, however, will
not prove the Puthoff conjecture wrong, since the theory does not
give a firm prediction of the magnitude of the effect being
looked for.
It was
possible, however, to identify an experiment which
might be able to prove or disprove that the inertial mass of a
body can be changed by making changes
in the vacuum surrounding
the body. The theory this experiment is based upon is the well-
accepted
theory of Quantum Electrodynamics. Much work needs to
be done,
however, both on the theoretical analysis and the
experimental design, before one can say if the experiment is
feasible. Other experiments, which do not involve mass
modification, but which teach us something about the vacuum, were
also defined and included on a ranked list of experiments.
The report also contains an annotated bibliography of the
publications used in preparing the report. The papers referenced
in the text by an
author's name and a date, refer to entries ir
he bibliography. The report concludes with an annotated list of
those scientists active in the field of vacuum fluctuations.
Exhibit A-10b
- 1-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2982, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RATIONALE FOR STUDY AND RECOMMENDED EXPERIMENTS
At first glance, it might seem that experiments to study the
electromagnetic fluctuation energy of the vacuum are so esoteric
and so devoid of practical applications that they should be
funded solely by the National Science Foundation, if at all.
Yet, experiments to study the vacuum could lead to real advances
in space power and propulsion technology as well as expanding our
knowledge of basic physics.
The situation is reminiscent of the field of nuclear energy
in the 1930s. Scientists were only just beginning to understand
the structure of the atom. The element radium had been purified.
It violated the law of energy conservation by continuously giving
off heat and radiation. It seemed to be an inexhaustible source
of "free energy'"
• Uranium, mostly used to give a "vaseline
yellow" color to glass, was also known to give off radiation that
would fog photographic plates.
Soon scientific knowledge increased. The atoms were
discovered to consist of a nucleus made of protons and neutrons
surrounded by a cloud of electrons. The number of protons and
electrons determined the element, while the number of neutrons
determined the "isotope" of that element. Finally, scientists
realized that the "free energy" coming from certain isotopes of
radium and other elements was not really "free" at all. Instead,
a small amount of mass m was being converted into large amount of
energy E according to the equation E=mc2, where c is the speed of
light. Using this equation, "nuclear energy" could be estimated
to produce 9x1013 joules of energy per gram of mass.
Then, neutrons were found to be capable of fissioning
certain isotopes of heavy elements, releasing "nuclear energy" on
demand. Even then, "nuclear energy" was not considered very
practical. It was thought that either gigantic "atom smashers"
or large
"atomic piles"
would have to be constructed to obtain
the "nuclear energy". It was only after much knowledge had been
gained about the fission process, and much chemical engineering
work had gone into isotope separation techniques, that it was
finally realized that nuclear energy could be obtained from
highly enriched uranium-235 or plutonium-239, by a technique as
simple as putting in contact two precisely machined
pieces of isotopically purified metal!
Thus, in just a
few decades, the
esoteric, poorly-understood
phenomena of "nuclear energy of the atom" went from being a
scientific curiosity into being a major technology. In addition
to weapons, nuclear
energy in the form of plutonium isotopes is
being used as the primary power source in NASA deep space
missions. Compact nuclear reactors supply larger amounts of
power for classified satellites. Nuclear electric propulsion is
the technologically preferred method of sending a crewed mission
to Mars, and particle bed reactor rockets would be a major
component of our space defense shield if we were still at
loggerheads with the USSR.
Exhibit A-10b
- 2-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 483, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
understood phenomena of "electromagnetic fluctuation energy of
the vacuum". We can estimate the "vacuum energy density" to be
10108 J/cc, and the vacuum mass density to be 1094 g/cc, much
higher numbers than those associated with nuclear energy. In the
same way that we once did not understand the atom, we presently
do not understand the vacuum. We need to carry out careful
experiments to accurately measure the electromagnetic
fluctuations in the vacuum and how those fluctuations affect
matter. That is the purpose of the two highest priority
experiments. From these experiments, we expect to learn enough
to propose additional experiments that will lead to a better
understanding of the vacuum and how it affects the inertial and
gravitational mass of bodies. This, in turn, could lead to
concepts for "control" of the vacuum and control of the mass of
an object. I have already shown [Forward (1984)] that it is
possible to extract energy from the "electromagnetic fluctuations
of the vacuum". The amount of energy that can be extracted using
this technique is just a minute fraction of the 10108 J/cc that
is calculated to be available. But as we learn more about the
vacuum, it is expected that better energy extraction techniques
can be found. (Perhaps a technique as physically simple as
putting in contact two precisely micro fabricated sandwiches of
ultrafine metal-dielectric multilayers?)
One such possible energy extraction experiment is third on
the prioritized list of experiments. According to our present
theories about the vacuum, if we place a single proton in the
center of a cold, empty vacuum chamber, then within one second
that proton, driven by the electromagnetic fluctuations of the
vacuum, will
gain an energy of 1000 eV. Since it only cost us a
few ev to ionize a hydrogen atom to obtain the proton and place
the proton in the vacuum chamber, there is a substantial gain
predicted. At first glance it looks like this experiment
provides a source of "free energy", similar to the "free energy"
that seemed to come from radium. We are sure that nature is not
going to allow us to get away with this violation of the law of
energy conservation. We will probably find that the energy is
not "free" but is coming from somewhere else--probably from the
immense energy density of the vacuum itself.
So, although the field of "electromagnetic fluctuation
energy of the vacuum" is admittedly an esoteric, little-
understood field, it does seem to have definite potential as an
energy source. It also could have the potential of changing the
mass of an object. And, since theory predicts that the vacuum
has an enormous mass density as well as an enormous energy
density, it might one day be possible to interact enough with the
vacuum to "push" on it with a "vacuum drive". Alternatively,
perhaps one day it might be possible to operate a "vacuum rocket"
that uses energy obtained from the vacuum to expel reaction mass
also obtained from the vacuum.
Exhibit A-10b
- 3-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2804, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AN INTRODUCTORY TUTORIAL ON THE QUANTUM MECHANICAL
ZERO TEMPERATURE ELECTROMAGNETIC FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
The main body of this report discusses a number of possible
experiments to measure the effect of the quantum mechanical zero
temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum on
macroscopic objects. This introductory tutorial gives a short
background survey of those parts of quantum theory that create in
a supposedly empty vacuum, even a vacuum at zero absolute
temperature, fluctuating electromagnetic radiation fields and
even fluctuating numbers of charged-particle pairs. [This
tutorial will attempt to explain "how", but not "why", because
nobody knows why nature behaves in this admittedly strange way.]
QUANTUM MECHANICS
The well-accepted Theory of Quantum Mechanics has many
aspects. The two aspects that are most important for this
tutorial are that:
(1) Matter and
energy are quantized.
(2) Certain types of measurements cannot be made precisely;
there is always some uncertainty in the measurement. (This is
called the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle.)
QUANTIZATION OF MATTER AND ENERGY
Matter is quantized. A block of matter, although seemingly
a continuously dividable
substance, is ultimately found to be
made up of "quanta" called atoms. An atom consists of a small
massive nucleus surrounded by a large cloud of electrons. The
electron cloud acts as a "spring" suspension for the mass of the
nucleus, and suspends it in its place in the block of matter.
This mass-spring system can vibrate. The frequency of vibration
is f=(k/m)1/2 where k is the spring constant of the electron
cloud and m is the mass of the nucleus. The amplitude or energy
of the vibration is determined by the temperature of the block.
The higher the temperature, the more energy there is lon the
average) in the vibrations of the atoms.
The energy of vibration is quantized too. The vibrational
energy of the atoms come in "quanta" of energy e=hf, where f is
the natural frequency of the vibration of the mass-spring system,
and h=6.63x10-34 J•s is a very small constant called Planck's
constant. These vibrational quanta have been named "phonons".
Now here comes the interesting part. When the equations of
quantum mechanics are used to determine the "average energy" ‹E>
of the vibrations of the atoms, the answer is <E>=[n (I) +½]hf,
where the number of phonons n(I) is a function of temperature
such that when T=0 K, n(T)=0. Thus, even at zero temperature,
quantum mechanics predicts that each of the atoms will have an
average residual energy of <E>=hf/2. This residual energy is an
average. It is not that the energy of each atom is a "half a
phonon" but that roughly half the atoms have one (perhaps more)
vibrational quanta or phonons, while the others have no phonon.
Exhibit A-10b
- 4 -

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3026, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The phonon distribution rapidly changes with time as the phonons
are passed back and forth between the many atoms. This residual
energy at zero absolute temperature predicted by the equations of
quantum mechanics is the so-called "Quantum Mechanical Zero
Temperature Vibrational Fluctuations of Matter" .
This quantum mechanical fluctuation energy of the atoms in
matter has been measured by measuring the vibrations in a crystal
as the temperature of the crystal is lowered. The experimental
data agrees with the predictions of the equations of quantum
mechanics, so the quantum mechanical zero temperature vibrational
fluctuations of atoms in matter is real. It is this residual
quantum mechanical vibrational energy that keeps liquid helium
from freezing even when it is cooled to within microdegrees of
absolute zero temperature.
UNCERTAINTY PRINCIPLE
There is a quantum mechanical "reason" for this zero
temperature fluctuation energy--the Uncertainty Principle. The
Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics states that
it is not possible to precisely measure the position x and the
momentum p=mv of a particle at the same time (m is the mass of
the particle and v is its velocity}. The accuracy of the
position measurement Ax and the accuracy of the momentum
measurement Ap must obey the relation AxAph. If there were no
residual vibrational energy in the atoms in the block of matter
to keep the nuclei in motion, then at I=0 K, the nucleus of each
atom would be standing still (Av=0} and be right in the center of
its cloud of electrons
(Ax=0), which would violate the
uncertainty Principle. Needless to say, many scientists
(including Einstein) have tried hard to come up with an
experiment in which the position and momentum of a particle is
measured at the same time to an accuracy better than Ax4p≥h.
They all failed, and scientists are now pretty sure that the
Uncertainty Principle is more than a "principle", it is a "law"
of nature.
There is a corollary to the position-momentum uncertainty
pair that will be important later. The Uncertainty Principle
also states that it is not possible to precisely measure the
energy E of a particle in an infinitely short time t. The
accuracy of the energy measurement AE Of a particle and the time
interval At in which the energy measurement is made, have to obey
the relation dEAth.
ELECTROMAGNETIC FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
With the above as background, we now get to the quantum
mechanical zero temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the
vacuum. A region of empty space surrounded by matter at absolute
zero temperature would seemly have no energy in it. Yet, since
electromagnetic vibrations (light and radio waves) can pass
unhindered through the vacuum, the vacuum contains the potential
to support these vibrations. If we treat this region of vacuum
in the same manner as we treated the block of matter, we can say
that the vacuum can support electromagnetic vibrations of
frequency I. The quantum mechanical equations for the
Exhibit A-10b
- 5-

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2955, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
electromagnetic vibrations in the region of vacuum are identical
in mathematical
form to the equations for the mass-spring
vibrations of the atoms in the block of matter, so the equation
for the average energy «E> of each of the possible
electromagnetic vibrations is the same: <E>=[n(T)*½]hf. Only
now, n(T) is the number of photons as a function of temperature,
and, as before, when T=0 K, n(T)=0. But also, as in the atom
case, even when I is at absolute zero, quantum mechanics predicts
that each
possible electromagnetic vibration in the region of
vacuum will have
a residual average energy of <E>=hf/2. This
residual energy is an average. It is not that each possible
electromagnetic vibration has a "half a photon" but that roughly
half the electromagnetic vibrations have one (perhaps more)
photons, while the others have no photon.
Now comes the real
problem, and the major reason why we need
to carry out experiments
to verify that the quantum mechanical
electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum behave as the
equations of quantum mechanics predicts. The block of matter has
a large, but finite, number of atoms and therefore a finite total
quantum mechanical vibrational fluctuation energy. The region of
vacuum, however, can support an infinity of electromagnetic
vibrations. The
region of vacuum cannot support electromagnetic
vibrations with wavelengths larger than its largest dimension,
but it can certainly support those electromagnetic vibrations
with wavelengths smaller than its size, such as infrared,
optical, ultraviolet, x-ray, gamma-ray, etc. vibrations. There
is no known limit to how small an electromagnetic wavelength can
be. Each of these infinity of possible electromagnetic
vibrations has an average energy of <E>=hf/2. So, according to
this train of logic, a region of vacuum is not empty, but instead
is teeming with an infinity of "half-photons" of electromagnetic
energy. The famous physicist Richard Feynman estimated that if
the minimum
wavelength of electromagnetic vibrations was assumed
to be approximately the size of a proton, the "energy density" of
the vacuum would be 10108 J/ce or equivalently, the vacuum would
have a "mass density" of 1094 g/cc. This is much greater than
typical nuclear densities of 1014 g/cc. It is this high
predicted energy and mass
content of the vacuum that gives rise
to the hopes of many that it may be possible to either: extract
"free energy" from the vacuum, "push" on
the mass of the vacuum,
or use the vacuum mass as "reaction mass"
The quantum physicists explain away this "infinity" of
energy by saying that since the vacuum pervades everything, it is
only the "differences" in the vacuum energy that are produced by
the presence of matter that counts. Needless to say, although
the quantum physicists have been able to adjust their equations
to cancel out this "infinity" and get the right answers, this is
not a philosophically satisfactory solution.
Exhibit A-10b
- 6-

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2943, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHARGED-PARTICLE PAIR FLUCTUATIONS OF THE VACUUM
Not only does quantum mechanics predict that the vacuum is
teeming with electromagnetic energy,
the uncertainty principle
predicts that the vacuum is also teeming with pairs of charged
particles called electron-positron pairs. Since the fluctuation
photons in the vacuum have energy, then no matter what their
energy is supposed to be, there is a finite probability that for
a very short time At their energy will be "uncertain" by an
amount dE that is sufficient to create a positron-electron pair.
This event, of course, violates the law of conservation of
energy, but quantum mechanics allows the violation to take place
provided the positron-electron pair annihilates back into the
original low energy photon in a time shorter than the time At
allowed by the uncertainty relation AEAth. This means that the
supposedly
empty
a tenuous "plasma" of charged positron-electron pairs. This
"plasma" makes the vacuum have an index of refraction slightly
different than unity and makes it respond non-linearly to strong
electromagnetic fields.
VERIFICATION
It would be simple to say that since this train of logic
concerning the effect of quantum mechanics on the vacuum has lead
to such ridiculously high estimated energy density levels for
supposedly empty space, that there is something wrong with the
logic, and
the vacuum does not have quantum mechanical
electromagnetic fluctuations at zero temperature. Yet experiment
after experiment has been carried out whose results can be
explained by assuming that the quantum mechanical zero
temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum are real.
One such experiment is the Casimir experiment, described in more
detail in the main body of the report. In this experiment, two
uncharged conducting plates are put near each other with a vacuum
between them. Prior to the introduction of the plates, the
region
of vacuum between the plates had an infinity of possible
electromagnetic vibrations and an infinite amount of quantum
mechanical electromagnetic fluctuation energy. Since the plates
are conducting,
they will short-circuit those
electromagnetic
vibrations that do not have zero electric field at the position
of the conducting plates. In effect, this cuts in "half" the
"infinity" of electromagnetic vibrations allowed in the region of
vacuum between the plates. The vacuum now has less energy than
it did before the plates were introduced. This "negative energy"
plates are made of dielectrics instead of conductors. This
attractive force can be quite large and has been accurately
measured using dielectric plates. These experiments show that,
indeed, the vacuum does contain quantum mechanical zero
temperature electromagnetic fluctuations. Experiments using
conducting plates are more difficult and have yet to be done
accurately. Such an experiment is at the top of the priority
list in the body of the report.
Exhibit A-10b
- 7-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2712, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another important experiment was the Lamb-Retherford
experiment, where the frequency of microwave radiation emitted by
an excited
hydrogen atom was compared with theory. The theory
only agreed with the experiments when the theorists assumed that
the vacuum between the proton nucleus and the orbiting electron
in the hydrogen
atom had
a tenuous plasma of positron-electron
pairs in it, that shifted the electron orbital energy just the
right amount to agree with experiment. Thus, this experiment
shows that, indeed, the vacuum does contain quantum mechanical
charged-particle pair fluctuations at zero temperature.
There are many other experiments and phenomena that can only
be explained by assuming that the quantum mechanical zero
temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum are real.
Even such mundane phenomena as the surface tension of liquids and
the clumping of smoke particles are explained by assuming that
the vacuum contains residual electromagnetic fluctuations even at
zero absolute temperature.
ALTERNATE THEORY
There does exist an
alternate theory. In this "Fluctuating
Charged Particle Source Field Theory", it is assumed that
although the quantum mechanical zero temperature vibrational
fluctuations of atoms in matter do exist, the quantum mechanical
zero temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum do
not exist. (The theory does not explain why one type of
fluctuation is allowed and the other is not allowed, it just
assumes it.) The theory then goes on to say that all the
experiments to date, including the Casimir experiment and the
Lamb-Retherford experiment can be explained by saying that: (1)
The quantum mechanical zero temperature vibrational fluctuations
of matter causes the charged particles in the apparatus to
undergo random vibrational fluctuations. (2) These fluctuating
charged particle "sources"
emit electromagnetic radiation fields
that travel through the vacuum where they are "received" by all
the other charged particles in the apparatus. (3) The
electromagnetic radiation field
acts on the receiving charged
particles to cause them to move "in phase" with the transmitting
charged particle "sources". (4) The "in phase" motions of the
two widely
separated charged particles produce correlated forces
between the "source" particle and the "receiving" particle that
in turn produce the observed experimental results.
Amazingly enough, this alternate theory where the vacuum is
assumed to have no fluctuations, seems to make the same
predictions as the quantum theory where the vacuum fluctuations
are
assumed real. There is an experiment that can possibly
distinguish
between the two theories. It is described in the
report.
Exhibit A-10b
- 8 -

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 553, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMARY
There is a lot more to quantum mechanics than quantization
of mass and energy and the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, but
I hope this introductory tutorial has been enough to help you
understand why it is important to learn more about the quantum
mechanical zero temperature electromagnetic fluctuations of the
vacuum. Hopefully, the experiments proposed in the body of the
report, if successfully carried out, can increase our knowledge
and eventual applications of this "enigma cloaked in nothingness"
called the vacuum.
Exhibit A-10b
- 9 -

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RANKED LIST OF POSSIBLE EXPERIMENTS
The following is a list of possible experiments ranked in
order in terms of: (1) Improving our understanding of the vacuum.
(2) The feasibility of carrying out the experiment. (3) Producing
a modification in the gravitational or inertial mass of a body.
In the pages following are more detailed discussions of the
selected experiments.
1. Measurement of Casimir Force on Conducting Plates
The Casimir force on closely spaced conducting plates has never
been measured accurately over a wide range of spacings or a wide
range of conducting materials. Such experiments need to be done
to verify that the force predicted by Casimir (1948) is real and
applies to all conducting plates despite their composition. This
experiment is ranked first because it is fundamental and
relatively easy to carry out with modest funding. It also has
the advantage that once a university or contracting team has
carried out the first set of experiments, additional experiments
with different conductors and different conductor shapes can be
carried out on-site at AFPL with duplicate apparatus.
2. Casimir Stress Induced Anisotropic Inertial Mass Measurement
Scharnhorst (1990) used quantum electrodynamics to predict that
the speed of light between two conducting plates is anisotropic,
with the speed perpendicular to the plates being greater than c.
The anisotropic inertial mass experiment assumes that the mass of
a body between two conducting plates will also be anisotropic,
and proposes to measure that mass anisotropy using a nuclear
magnetic resonance technique developed by Drever (1961). This
experiment is ranked second despite its great difficulty, because
the theory will give a definite prediction of the magnitude of
the mass anisotropy expected, so either a positive or negative
experimental result will provide a definitive test.
3. Generating "Subcosmic Rays" in a Cold Vacuum Chamber
Rueda, Haisch, and Cole (1995) predict that the electromagnetic
in the vacuum will accelerate isolated charged
particles to high speeds. The theory predicts energy gains of
proton of the order of 1000 eV per second. This should be easily
measured by "releasing" a "cooled" antiproton in a cryogenically
cooled electromagnetic trap and measuring how fast it reaches the
walls and annihilates. This experiment is ranked third, despite
its complexity and cost, because a positive result would "prove"
energy: son the vacuum
that you can continuously extract unlimited amounts of "free
energy" from the vacuum. We know, of course, that nature is not
going to let us violate the law of energy conservation, but
123222
finding out how nature enforces the energy conservation law
teach us new physics.
Exhibit A-10b
- 10 -

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2881, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4. "Inertia Wind" Experiment
Puthoff, in unpublished work that extrapolates from the paper by
Haisch, Rueda, and Puthoff {1994), predicts that a pair of 40 kg
masses rotating in a 1 m radius circle at 20 rpm will create an
wind" that will "push" on a sensing mass. He originally
predicted the magnitude of the "inertia wind" force would be
comparable to the magnitude of the Newtonian force produced by
the 40 kg masses. His coauthors are skeptical of the predicted
magnitude, and Puthoff is reworking the calculations to obtain a
definitive prediction. This experiment, despite its
simplicity and direct relevance, is ranked fourth because, while
a positive result will "prove" the theory, a null result will
prove nothing. There are also grave doubts that a large effect
of this type would have gone unobserved before now.
In addition to the ranked experiments, there are two
additional experiments that are described in the main body of the
report, but which are not recommended for consideration because
the principal Investigator was not able to identify an
experimental approach that would be able to carry out the desired
measurement at the signal-to-noise levels required. Perhaps
someone reading this report can devise an experimental approach
that will make a measurement feasible.
Nonlinearity of Vacuum Experiments
Ding and Kaplan
{1989) proposed to generate second-harmonic
photons by focusing laser light on a vacuum containing a magnetic
field. This is the only experiment known that can distinguish
between the two alternate models for vacuum fluctuation effects,
the model where the vacuum itself has electromagnetic
fluctuations, and the model where the charged particles in the
experimental apparatus are doing the fluctuating. Unfortunately,
recent estimates by Kaplan and Ding (1995) on the laser power and
magnetic field strengths needed have resulted in numbers that are
beyond the capabilities of present lasers and magnets.
Making and Weighing "Casimatter"
Schwartz has recently proposed over the Internet that it might be
possible to physically "weigh" the Casimir energy in a sample of
"Casimatter" composed of thousands of layers of 80 nm thick
aluminum alternating with 50 nm thick magnesium fluoride {MgF2).
The Casimir energy generated between the conducting aluminum
plates would make a finite {negative) contribution to the energy
and thereby the mass of the Casimatter sample. He proposes
weighing the sample of Casimatter, heating the Casimatter to
destroy the layer separation, thus eliminating the Casimir energy
contribution, then weighing it again. The mass measurement
accuracy required is estimated to be greater than apart in 1017.
The force sensitivity levels are beyond the present capabilities
of available atomic force microscopes and the accuracy required
for a frequency measurement is beyond the capabilities of
Exhibit A-10b
- 11-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2510, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEASUREMENT OF CASIMIR FORCE ON CONDUCTING PLATES
In a difficult to find, but widely quoted paper entitled,
"On the attraction between two perfectly conducting plates"
Casimir (1948) predicted that the quantum fluctuations of the
vacuum should produce a pressure P or force F per unit area A on
two perfectly conducting uncharged plates given by:
F
P=
N ??
A
- =
480 L*
where h=6.63x10-34 J•s is Planck's constant, c=300 Mm/s is the
speed of light, and I is
the separation distance between plates.
The appearance of Planck's constant indicates that the effect is
due to a quantum mechanical phenomenon. The amazing aspect of
the equation is that the predicted force is independent of the
material of the plates, as long as they can be considered
"perfectly conducting". This means that the equation should be
good down to separation distances I that are comparable to the
cutoff wavelength of the material.
Everyone assumes that the Casimir force between two
conducting plates has been
"experimentally demonstrated". It has
not. Nearly all the published "Casimir force" experiments used
dielectric plates such as glass, quartz, or mica instead, with
the most accurate data obtained using cylindrically curved mica
Barton points out that these experiments on dielectrics are
not tests of the Casimir force, but instead are tests on the
allied but significantly different Van der Waals forces. The Van
der Waals force between two dielectric plates is predicted by an
equation in the paper by Lifshitz (1956):
F
N ?!
= - 112
Ф (E)
A
480L4
the dielectric constant is allowed to go to infinity, but
anything involving an infinity is suspect.
The last experiments on highly conducting metal plates were
carried out by Sparnaay (1958). His measurements on two chromium
or two chromium-steel plates did "not seriously deviate from
Casimir's predictions, although the attractions found are
somewhat too large. No attractions could be measured between two
aluminum plates." The data in the Sparnaay paper is of poor
quality. Not only was the magnitude of the Casimir coefficient
poorly determined, but because of the experimental difficulties
the 1/L4 behavior with separation distance I was not firmly
established, and there was no attempt to show a failure of the
Casimir force law at small plate separations when L is smaller
than the cutoff wavelength of the conductor.
The most recent experiments using "conducting" plates were
published by Arnold, et al. (1979). These experiments used
Exhibit A-10b
- 12-
(1)
(2)

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2860, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
semiconducting silicon plates rather than highly conducting metal
plates. Arnold found a change when the silicon was illuminated
to make it more conducting, but the experimental results did not
agree well with the Casimir theory.
in dancer the experience an understatod
graduate honors project, which will impact on the time and money
available to make thorough measurements. There will also be no
attempt to make measurements at close plate separations. Serry,
et al. (1995) at the University of Illinois at Chicago are
planning Casimir force experiments using aluminum plates embedded
in and supported by a silicon-fabrication-based
microelectromechanical structure. The minimum separation
distances obtainable using this fabrication technique should be
better than L=20 nm. The Casimir forces on the supported
aluminum plates can
be measured using a modification of a
commercially available atomic force microscope. The first goal
of the UIC group is to build an "Anharmonic Casimir Oscillator"
that will oscillate about an equilibrium between the Casimir
force and the force of a spring. Such structures could be used
to make precise measurements of the Casimir force at different
separation distances I and for different conductors. Onofrio and
Carugno (1995) in Italy are also planning a Casimir force
experiment between conducting plates
using a tunneling
electromechanical transducer.
It is recommended that the first priority in proposed
experiments to study the properties of the vacuum is an
experiment to measure the Casimir force between two conducting
plates. The experiment should be carried out with a number of
different metals over a wide range of plate separations with an
accuracy that can determine not only the coefficient in the
Casimir equation,
but the 1/ I variation
in the force.
The experiments should also be designed to show that the
Casimir coefficient and the 1/I4 law are independent of the type
of conductor used--down to the point where the separation
distance becomes comparable to the cutoff wavelength of the
metal. That minimal separation distance, in turn, should be a
predictable
function of
the cutoff wavelength of the conductor
The experiments should investigate other structures than
parallel plates, since the Casimir force between conductors is
not always attractive. A hollow conducting sphere experiences an
outward repulsive force [the most accurate recent calculation is
by Milton (1978)|. Ambjørn and Wolfram (1983) have derived the
Casimir energy per unit volume for conducting rectangular boxes.
Cubes have positive energy and repulsive forces on the walls,
long rectangles or parallel plates have negative energy and
attractive forces on the walls, while a rectangular box of
relative dimensions 1 by 1 by 3.3 has zero Casimir force. It
would be desirable to verify these predictions.
Exhibit A-10b
- 13-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2581, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CASIMIR STRESS INDUCED ANISOTROPIC INERTIAL MASS MEASUREMENT
The Casimir stresses on the vacuum space between two
conducting plates are anisotropic. Scharnhorst (1990) and Barton
(1990) [see also Barton and Scharnhorst (1993)] used this stress
anisotropy to predict an anisotropy in the velocity of light.
According to their theoretical calculations, the velocity of
light parallel to the conducting plates has the speed of light in
an unbounded vacuum, c=co, while the velocity of light
perpendicular to the plates has a speed greater than c by the
amount:
115?
010 = 1+
8100
where I is the spacing between the Casimir plates, the fine
structure constant a=1/137, and Le=h/2nmeC=3.86x10-13 m/rad=
0.386 pm/rad is the reduced Compton wavelength of the electron.
Numerically, this amounts to a difference of:
4
01/0 = 1+1.59×10-30
which implies that the speed of light perpendicular to the
conducting places is greater than c.
Some important features of this result are [Barton (1990)]:
(1) This anisotropy of the vacuum space between Casimir plates
is
calculated to be greater than any dispersion effect, so the phase
and group velocities of the light are both given by the same
equation and both are greater than c, causing concerns about
violation of causality. Fortunately for the sensibilities of
those worried about this, Milonni
and Svozil (1990) show that the
Heisenberg uncertainty principle will probably work to prevent
the use of faster-than-c propagation for the reliable
transmission of information back in time.
(2) The size of the effect is the same everywhere between the
plates except perhaps very near to the surface of the plates
where some of the approximations used might not be valid. By
very close, Scharnhorst
(1990) states "near denotes a distance of
a few Compton wavelengths apart from the plates". An electron
Compton wavelength is 2nLe=2.43 pm, much smaller than proposed
Casimir plate separation distances, typically measured in nm.
ESTIMATE OF ANISOTROPY MAGNITUDE
It is possible (although difficult) to use ion beam
lithography and other sub-micron microelectronic fabrication and
processing techniques to construct microelectromechanical
structures, such as Casimir volumes, electromagnetic antennas and
guides, and atomic force microscopes, with dimensions, spacings,
and control of motion accurate to distances of 1 nm (10 Å) OF
less. Our real limit to the spacing distance I, however, is not
our ability to fabricate the required Casimir structures. The
theory behind equation (3) assumes that the Casimir plates are
(3)
(4)
Exhibit A-10b
- 14-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2924, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
conducting at all frequencies of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Real metals become transparent in the ultraviolet. The broadest
band reflector is aluminum, which has a reflectance of 99% in the
long infrared, a reflectance of 90% at a wavelength of 120 nm,
and becomes transparent at 10 nm [AIP Handbook (1972), see Table
6g-1, pp 6-124ff and Table 6g-2, pp 6-1571. Little data exists
between the available 120 nm and the 10 nm data points, but I
would estimate that the minimum wavelength at which the Casimir
plates can be considered conducting is about 1=60 nm/cycle, or a
reduced wavelength of about 1/2n=10 nm/rad.
If the theorists agree that equation (3) can be applied to
aluminum Casimir plates at a separation distance of I=10 nm, then
the maximum magnitude of the Scharnhorst effect achievable in a
fabricatable piece of apparatus becomes:
c_19 = 1+1.59x102
The question now is: Is it possible to measure such a small
(5)
anisotropy?
MEASUREMENT OF THE SCHARNHORST EFFECT ON LIGHT SPEED
I have been unable to conceive of a method for measuring an
anisotropy in the speed of light between two conducting Casimir
plates at the level of parts in 10-24. One could think of
converting the velocity measurement into a frequency measurement
by finding the resonant frequency of a tuned cavity for different
Casimir plate spacings, but there are many things other than the
Scharnhorst effect that will cause the resonant frequency of a
cavity to change.
In addition
to the experimental difficulties of making a
speed of light measurement, there are theoretical problems that
must be addressed first.
There have been papers published
[Milonni
and Svozil (1990) being just one
example which show
that the Heisenberg uncertainty principle will produce timing
uncertainties in the atoms used to generate and detect the light
photons
used in the speed measurement. These timing
uncertainties will prevent the accurate measurement of the speed
of light or the sending of information faster than c.
EFFECT OF CASIMIR STRESSES ON INERTIAL MASS
As Landis pointed out in the NASA/JPL Workshop on Advanced
Quantum/Relativity Theory Propulsion [Bennett, et al. (1995) 1, if
the velocity of light is anisotropic between Casimir plates, then
since m=E/c, perhaps the mass of an object will be anisotropic
too. If this is true, it might be easier to measure the
so. i this lete
anisotropy of inertial mass between Casimir plates than the
anisotropy of the velocity of light.
We are not sure that the Casimir stresses will affect the
inertial mass of an object. The theory behind the Scharnhorst
effect is a perturbation analysis of the inherent nonlinearities
in the postulated quantum fluctuations of the electromagnetic
fields in the vacuum. Using a simplified model: The fluctuation
photons in the vacuum, no matter what their energy, have a finite
probability of producing a virtual electron-positron pair with a
Exhibit A-10b
- 15 -

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2456, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rest mass energy of 2x511 keV, as long as the pair recombines
back into the original photon in a time At shorter than that
allowed by the Heisenberg uncertainty principle for the energy
difference AE. In this model, the vacuum has a weak virtual
"plasma" of charged particle pairs in it, which makes the vacuum
polarizable, and gives
the vacuum an index of refraction that is
not unity. Scharnhorst's actual calculation was not of the speed
of light, but of the index of refraction of the vacuum between
Casimir plates. He found that the index of refraction was
anisotropic, with the index equal to unity in the directions
parallel to the plates and slightly less than unity [see equation
(24) of Scharnhorst (1990)] perpendicular to the plates.
* to an anopy in the speed of lame 18e equation
(25) of Scharnhorst (1990)|. Since an index of refraction less
than unity means a speed of light greater than c, this
result
gave the Scharnhorst effect its world-wide notoriety.
The important message is that the Scharnhorst calculations
showed only that the electromagnetic index of refraction between
two conducting Casimir plates is anisotropic. I think
everyone
agrees that the calculation of the anisotropy in the index of
refraction is correct. I also think everyone agrees that an
anisotropy in the index of refraction will result in an
anisotropy in the speed of light. It is not obvious, however,
that an anisotropy in the index of refraction for electromagnetic
radiation for the vacuum between two conducting plates will
produce an anisotropy in the inertial mass a body. This needs
to be verified by a competent theoretician.
ESTIMATE OF THE SCHARNHORST EFFECT ON INERTIAL MASS
I will now assume that the theorists ultimately conclude
that, indeed, two conducting Casimir plates will not only produce
an anisotropic index of refraction between the plates, and an
anisotropic speed of light for photons traveling between the
plates, but also an anisotropy in the inertial mass of a body
placed between the plates.
The magnitude of the
inertial mass anisotropy difference can
be estimated by assuming that the total relativistic energy E in
the famous equation E=mc is a constant that is not affected by
the Casimir stress. Substituting the two values for the velocity
of light from equation (3) and solving for the mass results in:
m, = EIC} = EIC?
= mo
(6)
and
Note:
From
m_ =
8100 (L/Le).
theory,
factor "2" should be "3/2".
(7)
Exhibit A-10b
- 16-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 3103, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Here, mo is the scalar inertial mass (assumed to be equal to the
scalar rest mass) of the body in an unconstrained vacuum where
there are no Casimir stresses, and My and M/ are the
perpendicular and parallel components of the inertial mass tensor
postulated to exist when the body is subjected to Casimir
stresses produced by the electromagnetic field constraints
resulting from the presence of the two conducting plates.
The assumption that the total relativistic energy of the
Body, E, is not affected by the presence of the Casimir plates
needs to be checked by a competent theoretician. Even it E iS
also affected by the Casimir stress, it could still turn out that
the resultant inertial mass is still an anisotropic tensor, but
perhaps by a different factor than that in equation (7).
Under the assumption that equation (7) is valid, and that
the calculated Casimir stresses apply for plate separation
distances as small as I=10 nm, the predicted numerical value for
the maximum anisotropy that can be expected in the inertial mass
of a body between two conducting Casimir plates is:
m_/m, = 1-3.17x10-24
This is a small difference, but 35 years ago, using
relatively crude equipment, Drever (1961) measured the anisotropy
of the inertial mass of the nucleus of a lithium-7 atom and found
the anisotropy to be zero at a sensitivity level of 5x10-23. If
the Drever technique, or something similar to it, could be
applied to a sample
confined between two conducting Casimir
plates, and the sensitivity of the detecting apparatus could be
improved by a few orders of magnitude, then it should be possible
to measure the anisotropy of inertial
mass caused by two
conducting plates at the level predicted by the well-accepted
theory of quantum electrodynamics. The experiment would thus
conclusively demonstrate, one way or the other, whether
anisotropic Casimir stresses between two conducting plates can
produce a change in the inertial mass of a body.
HUGHES-DREVER ANISOTROPIC INERTIAL MASS NULL EXPERIMENT
The motivation for the Drever experiment [first carried out
by Hughes in 1960 at a lower sensitivity] was an experimental
test of Mach's principle--that the inertial mass of a body may
arise from a gravitational coupling with distant matter. Since
there is a
concentration of matter at the center of our Galaxy,
then, depending upon what physical and mathematical models one
used for Mach's principle, this excess of nearby matter might
result in an anisotropy of inertia along the (bi-)direction to
the mass excess, which could be detected experimentally as the
Earth rotated the apparatus with respect to the Galactic center.
According to some theories referred to by Drever (1961),
this anisotropy in inertial mass should cause shifts in the
energy levels of atoms and nuclei subjected to a magnetic field.
Specifically, in a nucleus with spin I=3/2, the energies of the
states with magnetic quantum numbers mi=t3/2 would be increased
slightly if the magnetic field were parallel to the direction of
the center of the Galaxy, while the energies of the states with
(8)
Exhibit A-10b
- 17-

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 514, "chars": 3343, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mI=t1/2 would be decreased by an equal amount. If the magnetic
field
were perpendicular to the direction to the center of the
Galaxy, the energies would be shifted in the opposite directions.
For the models of inertia being proposed at the time, the
predicted ratio of the anisotropy in inertial mass for the
nucleus was in the order of 10-13. Drever
found it was zero to a
sensitivity of 5x10-23.
The isotope used was lithium-7, with a nucleus of spin
I=3/2, caused by an unpaired P312 proton. The four energy levels
of a nucleus of spin 3/2 in a magnetic field are normally equally
spaced. The three resonant frequencies between the four states
are the same and there is a
single resonance. If the mı=t3/2
energy levels are shifted with respect to the mi=t1/2 levels,
then the single resonance is split into a triplet. The minimum
splitting detectable is
usually limited by inhomogeneities in the
magnetic field, so a
weak uniform field is desirable. The
magnetic field used in the experiment was the earth's field.
In the experiment, the lithium-7 sample, in the form of a
solution of lithium nitrate, was contained in a plastic bottle
surrounded by a coil placed
with its axis perpendicular to the
direction of the earth's field. A direct current through the
loop produced a field of about 200 gauss. When this field was
switched off rapidly, the resultant nuclear magnetic moment
precessed about the earth's field and an alternating e.m.f.
signal was generated in the coil. with
no anisotropy to cause
shifts in the energy levels, there would be a single resonant
frequency present and the signal would decay exponentially with a
time constant equal to the transverse relaxation time of the spin
system. If, however, an
anisotropy in inertial mass exists, the
resonance response
would be split into a close triplet, and the
signal would exhibit beats, corresponding to interference between
the oscillations at the three resonance frequencies. Very long
beat periods would show up as changes in the decay curve shape
and l/e time as the experimental parameters that changed the
anisotropy
were varied. In Drever's null experiment, the
rotation of the earth changed the direction with respect to the
Galactic center once a sidereal day. No variation was found.
This corresponds to [Drever (1961)]: "an upper limit for the
ratio of the anisotropic part of the inertial mass of a proton to
the isotropic part of the order of 5x10-23."
It should be noted at this point that the lithium-7 nuclei
being measured were in a non-symmetric chemical compound, were
surrounded by non-symmetric polar water molecules, and a large
fraction of them were up against container walls, yet these non-
symmetric surroundings did not induce shifts in the magnetic
energy levels that would mimic a differential shift in the energy
levels caused by an anisotropic inertial mass of the nucleus.
The fundamental beauty of the Drever experiment is that the
nucleus is "self-referencing" in that the mi=13/2 and ‡1/2
nuclear magnetic states produce identical transition frequencies
despite large and non-symmetric changes in the surrounding
environment that can produce large changes in the absolute
na nares merce done
energies of the magnetic states, but do not produce differential
shifts between the 3/2 and 1/2 states. This probably occurs
Exhibit A-10b
- 18 -

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
largely because the nucleus is small in size compared to the
distances to neighboring perturbing atoms. It is only when the
nucleus itself changes, by developing an anisotropy in inertial
mass, that the transition frequencies change with respect to each
other and produce the beat notes. The beat notes are the signal
that something has happened.
CAVEATS CONCERNING OTHER EFFECTS MASKING SCHARNHORST EFFECT
Barton and Scharnhorst point out that there are other
effects that may produce a mass anisotropy that may mask the mass
anisotropy produced by the Scharnhorst effect. These effects are
of first order in a, and therefore much larger. How precisely
they might influence any specific measurement would need to be
thought through. There are papers available that discuss these
effects, such as G. Barton,
particles near a plasma surface", J. Phys. A10, 601 (1977), and
for particles between two mirrors in G. Barton, Proc. Roy. Soc.
(London) A320, 251 (1970), and an update with applications to a
in Proc. Roy. Soc. (London) A410, 141 (1987). All
of these need to be investigated by a competent theorist before
much time is spent on designing experiments.
I suspect, however, that these papers will either produce an
"effective mass" or an "effective mass anisotropy" that comes
about due to the interaction of the charges in the atoms under
consideration with
the charges in the plasma or mirrors. These
are not fundamental changes in the inertial rest mass of the
atom, just an "effective mass" induced by the coupling of the
atom
to its surroundings. I would suspect that these non-
symmetric effects, just like the non-symmetric effects in the
original Drever experiment, will not cause a change in the
magnetic level spacing. This, however, needs to be proven.
APPLYING FREE PRECESSION TO A CASIMIR ANISOTROPY EXPERIMENT
The Drever measurement was made by using a nuclear magnetic
free precession technique on a bottle of water containing lithium
nitrate, which gave better relaxation times than other compounds.
The frequency of precession in the earth's magnetic field was
800 Hz and the decay time of the signal was 3.7 s. In practice,
the signal was weak and it was necessary to use 2.5 liters of
sample to obtain an adequate signal-to-noise ratio. It is
obvious that much thought and work needs to be done to convert
this experiment into one that can be done within the confines of
two closely spaced conducting plates.
Exhibit A-10b
- 19 -

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2842, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Extracting the Signal
The free precession signal in the Drever experiment was a
radio-frequency signal of about 800 Hz. The radio frequency is
proportional to the applied magnetic field. It might be thought
that the nearby presence of the conducting Casimir plates would
prevent extraction of the signal. It should be possible,
however, to design the radio-frequency portions of the detection
circuit so that the conducting Casimir plates are part of the
circuit. For example, the Casimir plates could also be the
capacitor plates of
an RLC circuit resonant at the desired radio
frequency. Alternatively, the plates could be designed with
spiral conductive pattern, so they could simultaneously be a
"pickup coil" at the desired radio frequency signal band and a
"mirror" at optical wavelengths. In another approach, the
applied magnetic field could be increased until the signal
frequency is in the microwave band. The Casimir plates could
then be designed as a "waveguide"
with a very small height-to-
width
ratio, operating in the transverse-electric (TE) mode, to
extract the signals in the desired microwave band in the
direction parallel to the conducting plates, while acting as a
mirror at optical frequencies in the direction perpendicular to
the plates.
signals can be inserted into the sample either by
modifying the structure of the conducting plates as mentioned
before, or by simply driving the conducting plates hard with a
high power signal and having a small portion of the drive power
leak through the conducting plates into the sample inside by
evanescent wave propagation.
Sample Size
Drever used a 2.5 liter=2.5x103 ce sample in order to get
sufficient signal. The volume in between two 5 cm by 5 cm
Casimir plates separated by 10 nm is 2.5x10-5 cc, or a factor of
108 reduction in sample size and expected signal, even if we used
the entire volume, since the Scharnhorst effect is constant
everywhere in the region between the plates. Unless some other
complication arises, I would propose filling the volume between
the Casimir plates
entirely with sample in the form of a high
resistivity, low loss dielectric (either liquid or solid). A
solid dielectric containing the desired I=3/2 spin nuclei would
be especially easy to work with. Starting with a flat substrate,
the deposition of a layer of aluminum, a layer of the dielectric
with the desired thickness, and another layer of aluminum
(perhaps with some structure to allow electromagnetic coupling to
the sample), would result in an encapsulated sample ready to
test.
The sample volume and output signal can increased by
designing the radio frequency portion
of the structure as
along,
possibly folded, waveguide, or as a series or folded parallel
multiplate capacitor, with the capacitor plates acting also as
the conducting Casimir plates.
Exhibit A-10b
- 20 -

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2502, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Effect of Sample on Casimir Stress
The theorists who calculate the expected mass anisotropy
effect should be asked to look at the case where the space
between the conducting plates is not a vacuum at zero
temperature, but a dielectric with a finite index of refraction,
a finite (but very high) resistivity, and a finite temperature.
Barton (1990) has already done this for the vacuum between
conducting plates at a finite temperature. I expect the results
of the theoretical calculations will be that the anisotropic
Casimir stress remains, although the magnitude may be changed
slightly. One expected side effect of filling the cavity with a
dielectric sample medium is that although the speed of light will
still be anisotropic, the speed of light perpendicular to the
plates will no longer be greater than c.
Measurement Sensitivity
The sensitivity of electronic amplifiers has improved
substantially in the past 35 years. It is not known whether that
improvement has been enough to not only compensate for the
decreased
sample size, but to also provide additional margin to
close the gap between
the 5x10-23 sensitivity of the Drever
measurement and the 3.17x10-24 sensitivity needed to measure the
Casimir stress induced inertial mass anisotropy as given by
equation (8). Io improve the signal-to-noise ratio, experts in
NMR need to be consulted
as to the best nucleus to
use, the best
compound to put it in, the best host lattice or solution, the
optimum magnetic field strength to be applied, the best radio
frequency circuit/amplifier combination to extract the response
signal, and the best NMR technique to be used (driven resonance
or free precession).
SUMMARY
Theorists using the well-accepted theory of Quantum
Electrodynamics to calculate the effects of the quantum
fluctuations in the vacuum, predict that the velocity of light
can be changed by Casimir
stresses induced in the vacuum by the
presence of a pair of closely-spaced conducting plates. It is
not yet known, but it is suspected, that the same Casimir
stresses will cause a change in the inertial mass of an object.
The effect is minute, but it may be possible to design an
experiment using a nuclear magnetic resonance free precession
technique to measure that change in the inertial mass. The
result of the experiment will either be that the inertial mass of
a body can be changed, or that our theories of the vacuum must be
changed. The
implications for either experimental result will be
significant.
Exhibit A-10b
- 21 -

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 3154, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GENERATING "SUBCOSMIC RAYS" IN A COLD VACUUM CHAMBER
Calculations by Rueda (1978), Cole (1995) and Rueda, Haisch
and Cole (1995), indicate that in a very empty region of space
with few particles and weak magnetic fields, the vacuum
fluctuations will randomly push charged particles to higher and
higher speeds until they approach the speed of light. This might
be the cause for cosmic rays. According to Haisch, there is a
quite large effect on protons, of the order of 1000 eV increase
in energy per second. This level of energy is much greater than
the thermal energy of a gas of 3/2 KT (0.04 eV at T=300 K), and
larger than any stray "patch" voltages that may exist in apiece
of experimental apparatus.
It might be possible to set up a very empty, very cold
vacuum chamber, with a single charged particle in it, and monitor
the velocity of the charged particle with time to see if it is
accelerated. Haisch has suggested that instead of a proton, that
an antiproton be used. This suggestion has many advantages over
attempting to use any other particle. Since the theory gives a
definitive prediction for a proton, the result should be the same
for an antiproton. A single antiproton can been trapped, cooled
to millikelvin temperatures, and its presence and initial
position in the trap confirmed before the trap voltages are
turned off. A sealed cryogenically cooled trap has essentially
no residual air molecules in it. This has been proven by keeping
100,000 antiprotons in a trap for over a month without losing any
since an annihilation of an antiproton by a nucleus would have
produced easily detectable gamma rays or high energy pions. The
traps can be made with a large working area along the axial
direction. The antiproton can be "dropped" from essentially zero
starting velocity and let fall a number of centimeters. Longer
"drop" times can be obtained using a drop tower.
When the antiproton finally strikes the wall of the trap, it
will annihilate with the wall nuclei. The annihilation produces
2-6 gamma rays and 3-7 high energy pions, all of which are easily
detected by a surrounding complex of radiation detectors. The
pion tracks and the gamma ray events can be triangulated back to
determine the annihilation point to a mm or so, so the exact time
and place of the annihilation event can be determined.
The experiment would then be repeated a number of times
until a pattern of annihilation events
is obtained. If the
pattern is concentrated at the trap bottom, then only gravity
accelerations are involved. If the pattern is concentrated at a
few spots on the trap walls, then there are "work function
patches" on the walls that are attracting the antiprotons to the
patches by their electrical potential. If however, the pattern
is random in space and very short in time, then this is good
evidence that the vacuum electromagnetic fluctuations are the
acceleration mechanism. One important aspect of this experiment,
is that if the acceleration mechanism is found to operate, then
this demonstrates at least one mechanism for the continuous
extraction of limitless amounts of "free energy" from the vacuum.
Exhibit A-10b
- 22 -

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2968, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"INERTIA WIND" EXPERIMENT
According to unpublished studies by Puthoff, accelerating
and decelerating inertial masses interact with the surrounding
vacuum fluctuation field and create an
"inertia wind" that
propagates out through the vacuum. If a test mass is placed
the source, the outspreading inertia wind will interact with the
test mass, pushing or pulling it, and causing it to respond.
Puthoff originally calculated that a pair of 40 kg source masses
rotating in a 1 meter radius circle at about 20 rpm can create an
attractive or repulsive inertia wind force on a test mass
comparable in amplitude to the attractive Newtonian gravitation
force of the source masses. Puthoff has built some apparatus and
is presently conducting experiments. The output of his sensing
apparatus is presently dominated by large noise signals, such
as
ground noise and magnetic coupling to the rotating steel beam
holding the generating masses.
There is yet no publication which describes the experimental
apparatus and which outlines in mathematical detail the physical
model used to predict the experimental result. Such information
that exists can be obtained by contacting Puthoff directly.
Although Puthoff feels that the "inertia wind" theoretical
model he is using to design the experiment and predict the
experimental results is a
straightforward extrapolation of the
theory in the paper by Haisch, Rueda and Puthoff (1994), his
co-authors on the original paper are skeptical of the predicted
magnitude, and Puthoff is now reworking the calculations to
obtain a more definitive prediction.
that any "wave" generated by an accelerating mass would stay
attached to the mass as a "solitonic type" wave, and would not
create an "inertia wind"
to detect.
The reason this
experiment is placed low on the priority
list is that Puthoff's colleagues on his theoretical paper do not
agree with Puthoff's inertia wind theoretical extension of their
joint paper. Thus, this experiment fails the criteria that a
null result will disprove the theory.
It would seem to me, that a force this large would have been
noticed before, especially during gravity antenna calibration
experiments carried out by Forward and Miller [J. App. Phys. 38,
512-518 (1967)] using rotating masses and Sinsky [Ph.D. Thesis,
University of Maryland (1967)] using vibrating masses. These
experiments should be reanalyzed using the Puthoff "inertia wind"
model to see if the "inertia wind" effect should have been seen
in those papers. Puthoff and Little are presently analyzing the
Forward paper.
Also, according to Puthoff, rapidly rotating gyroscopes
should produce an inertia wind. This should lead to measurable
forces and torques of one gyroscope on another. It would seem
that these forces would have easily been seen by now, especially
if torques are generated, since the gyroscopes on precision
inertial platforms are fairly close to each other. Again,
calculations need to be done.
Exhibit A-10b
- 23 -

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3195, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NONLINEARITY OF VACUUM EXPERIMENTS
In the paper, "Nonlinear Magneto-Optics of Vacuum: Second-
Harmonic Generation," Ding and Kaplan (1989) proposed to generate
second-harmonic "doubled" photons by focusing intense pulsed
laser light on
a region of the vacuum that had a strong magnetic
field in it. According to classical electromagnetic theory,
the
electromagnetic field is completely linear, so there should be no
interaction between the laser photons and the magnetic field.
But if the fluctuations of the vacuum are taken into account,
then the virtual positron-electron particle pairs created by the
fluctuations result in a polarizable "plasma" in the region that
can provide the nonlinear coupling mechanism needed to generate
the second-harmonic photons.
This experiment is important since it can distinguish
between two existing physical models for the vacuum. In the
standard quantum mechanical model, not only do atoms in matter
undergo residual vibrational fluctuations even at zero absolute
temperature, but the vacuum itself contains residual
electromagnetic fluctuations. In the alternative "Fluctuating
Charged Particle Source Field Theory" model, it is assumed that
although atoms undergo residual vibrational fluctuations, there
are no electromagnetic fluctuations of the vacuum and especially,
there are no charged-particle positron-electron pairs being
created in the vacuum.
All the effects that occur in this model
are produced by the vibrational fluctuations of the charged
particle "sources" in the apparatus creating electromagnetic
fields that pass through the vacuum to the other charged
particles in the apparatus, causing them to vibrate in phase with
the "source" particles. This "in-phase" sympathetic vibration
produces forces which produce the experimental results.
The interaction region in the proposed experiment by Ding
and Kaplan will contain only laser light, magnetic fields, and
vacuum. It will contain no
charges, no polarizable particles,
and no conductors, so there is no mechanism to explain a
successful experimental result from the fluctuating charged-
particle source field point of view--unless one cannot ignore the
currents
in the source of the magnetic field, even though that
source is distant from the interaction region. A positive result
from the experiment of the right magnitude would "prove" that the
vacuum itself contains quantum fluctuations of the
electromagnetic field. A null result from the experiment would
"prove" that the fluctuation charged-particle source field model
is the more
"correct"
model, and the idea that the vacuum itself
has fluctuations is not a correct physical picture.
This experiment would be difficult to do, since it requires
high laser intensities and high magnetic fields at the same time.
The field intensities required to produce a detectable number of
doubled photons were recently re-estimated by Kaplan and Ding
(1995) to be 1022 W/cm2 of pulsed laser flux focused on a 1000 T
pulsed magnetic field. These required laser intensities are far
beyond those projected to be available in the near future, so
this experiment is not recommended for consideration at the
present time.
Exhibit A-10b
- 24 -

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 788, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There is an alternate way to do the experiment. Instead of
concentrating a large number of laser photons of moderate photon
energy into a small region to obtain the required high photon
energy density, the energy of the individual photons can be
increased so as to obtain the required high energy density with
fewer photons. An Italian group [Bakalov, et al. 1994) has
proposed an experiment using a 9 I magnetic field and high energy
photons produced by a particle accelerator rather than a laser.
A successful measurement would amount to a direct observation of
the "polarization" of the vacuum produced by the production of
charged-particle positron-electron pairs in the vacuum. This
experiment is being funded as part of the Italian high energy
physics program.
Exhibit A-10b
- 25 -

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2881, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAKING AND WEIGHING CASIMATTER
Alan M. Schwartz has recently proposed over the Internet
that it might be possible to physically "weigh" the Casimir
energy in a multigram sample of "Casimatter" , composed of
thousands of layers of 80 nm thick aluminum alternating with 50
nm thick magnesium fluoride (MgF2), which is a good dielectric
that is easy to deposit. The Casimir energy generated between
the conducting aluminum plates would make a finite (negative)
contribution to the energy and thereby the mass of the Casimatter
sample. He proposes weighing the sample of Casimatter, heating
the Casimatter to destroy the layer separation, thus eliminating
the Casimir energy contribution and turning the Casimatter into
ordinary matter, then weighing it again. His internet message
did not go into great detail and did not give an estimate of the
size of the effect to be expected. It is, however, relatively
easy to take his idea, push it to the extreme, and see if the
maximum calculated mass difference is within the reach of
possible future measurement techniques, and thus is a possible
candidate for a mass modification experiment.
Aluminum has a reflectance of 90% at a wavelength of
1=120 nm/cycle [AIP Handbook, 3rd Ed. (1972), Table 6g-1,
page 6-1241 and drops after that, but there is no handbook
information what the cutoff wavelength is. (Elsewhere in this
102 5 0 handbone,
report, on page 15, I estimate it at 1=60 nm/cycle.) The minimum
thickness of aluminum film needed to give that high 90%
reflectance is about 40 nm [AIP Handbook, 3rd Ed. (1972), Table
6g-4, p.
6-159], although the reflectance of a thin aluminum film
is still 87% at
30 nm thickness and 76% at 20 nm thickness, so
thinner films can be considered if desired.
I will assume las I did on page 15), that the appropriate
Casimir plate spacing I for a given cutoff wavelength is not the
wavelength (I=A), or half the wavelength (I=1/2), but instead the
reduced wavelength given by I=1/2n. [This assumption needs to be
verified by a competent theorist, and if not correct, then the
following analysis needs to be revised with new numbers.]
Given the above, let us consider an extreme version of
Casimatter, consisting solely of a very large number of very thin
aluminum film layers at very close spacings. I will make the
conservative assumption that the reflectance cutoff wavelength
for aluminum is 1=120 nm/cycle (90% reflecting), which means that
we can consider a spacing between the aluminum plates in the
Casimatter of L=A/2n~20 nm, and the thickness of the aluminum
films as 40 nm. To simplify things, I will assume that the 20 nm
spacing between the aluminum films will be filled with an ideal
dielectric with index of refraction 1 and density 1 g/cc.
The Casimir formula for the
energy per unit area between
conducting plates of area A and
spacing I is:
U =
U
A
1440L3
Exhibit A-10b
- 26 -
(9)

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2731, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
where h=6.63x10-34 J-s and c=300 Mm/s. From this, it is easy to
the energy density e in the volume between two of the
plate pairs of area A and separation I that make up one of the
layers.
П 30
e =
LA
_= -
1440L4
For a spacing of L=20 nm, the (negative) energy density is
-2.7 kJ/m3 or -2.7 mJ/cC.
This energy density gives the vacuum a
relativistic mass density Pv Of:
e
Pr =
=-.
1440 c L*
which for a layer spacing of I=20 nm results in
a negative mass
density for the vacuum of -3.0x10-14 kg/mJ or -3.0x10-17 g/cc.
If we assume the thickness of the aluminum plates to be
T=40 nm and the separation between the plates to be I=20 nm, then
2/3rds of the volume will be aluminum with density 2.7 g/cc and
1/3rd will be the ideal dielectric with density 1 g/cc, for an
average density of the matter in the Casimatter of 2.23 g/cc.
The 1/3rd containing the dielectric will also contain the
negative Casimir mass density of -3.0x10-17 g/cc, for an average
density of the vacuum energy in the Casimatter of 1.0x10-17 g/cc.
For an experiment, we would want to fabricate about a cubic
centimeter of Casimatter, probably in the form of a plate 10 cm
by 10 cm by 0.01 am thick. Since the thickness of a layer pair
is 40
nm of aluminum followed by 20 nm of dielectric, or 60 nm
overall, there would be 1667 layer pairs, not that difficult to
fabricate. The real question would be whether it is possible to
measure a
sample and its container vial massing a few grams to an
accuracy of 10-17 g or better. Right now, I can't think of away
to do it, since the force levels are beyond the present
capabilities of available atomic force microscopes and the
accuracy required for a frequency measurement is beyond the
capabilities of available clocks.
People thinking about working on this idea should appreciate
that the energy density levels involved are smaller than chemical
energies and an experiment must include accurate calorimetry.
For example, since aluminum has a specific heat of about
0.9 J/K.g, in order to measure the estimated Casimir energy
density of the Casimatter of -2.7 mJ/cC, a l co sample would have
to be temperature controlled to better than a millikelvin, and
- 2.7 molec, and
the heat flow into or out of the sample would have to be known to
nave to be known ve
better than a millijoule. In fact, a useful first experiment
would be to fabricate some Casimatter and measure how much it
cools off as the negative Casimir energy in the Casimatter is
eliminated by destroying the internal structure. This thermal-
type experiment would show that the Casimir effect produces
measurable negative energy, but it would not give any definitive
experimental evidence for a mass modification effect.
Exhibit A-10b
- 27 -
(10)
(11)

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2585, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANNOTATED CONDENSED BIBLIOGRAPHY
This bibliography is not complete. It merely contains the
more important papers that I used in writing this report.
Ambjørn, Jan and Stephen Wolfram, "Properties of the Vacuum. 1.
Mechanical
and Thermodynamic", Annals Physics 147, 1-32 (1983)
[Paper derives Casimir energy per unit volume for conducting
rectangular boxes. Cubes have positive energy and repulsive
forces on the walls, long rectangles or parallel plates have
negative energy and attractive forces on the walls. See
especially Fig. 4.2 on page 16. Be careful in using this paper
since the calculations
are for many different types of fields--
scalar, vector, etc, and many different boundary conditions.
Make sure you get the right one for the electromagnetic field and
electromagnetic boundary conditions. See also Hacyan (1993).]
Arnold, W., S. Hunklinger, and K. Dransfeld, "Influence of
optical absorption on the van der Waals interaction between
solids", Physical Review B19, 6049-6056 (1979): Erratum, Physical
Review B21, 1713 (1980). ILast measurement of the Casimir force
(15 years ago!). Crystalline quartz, borosilicate glass, and
silicon. Good agreement with data,
but the experiments only
ranged from 80 to 1000 nm and didn't get very far into the 1/I3
unretarded region. The Casimir force between two silicon
surfaces increased when the silicon was illuminated. However,
silicon seemed to behave differently than expected
at close
distances. Reason for difference not known.]
Bakalov,
Do, et al., "PVLAS - Vacuum Birefringence and Production
and Detection of Nearly Massless, Weakly Coupled Particles by
Optical Techniques",
IPVLAS is an experiment designed to measure the vacuum magnetic
birefringence. It is based on a very sensitive ellipsometer and
a 9 T
superconducting dipole magnetic. See also Cantatore
(1991) .]
Barton, G.,
"Faster-than-c light between parallel mirrors: the
Scharnhorst effect rederived", Physics Letters B237, 559-562
(1990). [Rederives the Scharnhorst effect from another viewpoint
and ends up agreeing with Scharnhorst. See also Milonni and
Svozil (1990) .]
Barton, G. and K. Scharnhorst, "QED between parallel mirrors:
light signals faster than c, or amplified by the vacuum", J.
Physics A26, 2037-2046 (1993). [Either the high-frequency index
of refraction of the vacuum between parallel mirrors is less than
one, indicating that light travels faster than c, or at some
range of the higher frequencies, the imaginary part of the index
of refraction becomes negative, which means that the vacuum is an
amplifier of light.l
Exhibit A-10b
- 28-

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2586, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Joint Propulsion Conference, San Diego, CA (10-12 July 1995).
[see page 10 for discussion of the Scharnhorst effect. l
Black, W., J.G.V. de Jongh, J.I.G. Overbeek, and M.J. Sparnaay,
"Measurements of retarded van der Walls' forces", Trans. Faraday
Society 56, 1597-1608 (1960). IMeasured 1/I1 force for two flat
glass plates and 1/L3 force for flat plate and spherical surface.
Data full of
scatter. Lots of information on experimental
techniques and problems that must be avoided. This paper
supersedes previous papers by Sparnaay, 1957 and 1958, and
Overbeek and Sparnaay,
1954.1
Boyer, I.H., "Equilibrium distributions for relativistic free
particles in thermal radiation within classical electrodynamics",
Physical Review A20, 1246-1259 (1979). [Calculates that free
charges acted on by zero-point radiation will randomly diffuse to
higher and higher velocities. Used by Cole (1995) and Rueda,
Haisch and Cole (1995) for their astrophysical papers.]
Cantatore, G., F. Dellavalle, E. Milotti, I. Dabrowski, and C.
Rizzo, "Proposed Measurement of the Vacuum Birefringence Induced
by a Magnetic-Field on High-Energy Photons", Physics Letters
8265,418-424 (1991). IProposes an experimental set-up to
observe and measure the interaction between high energy photons
and a strong magnetic field. The successful measurement of such
an effect would amount to a
direct observation of QED vacuum
polarization. See also
Bakalov (1994).]
Carlip, S., "Comment on 'Gravity as a zero-point-fluctuation
force'"
• Physical Review A47, 3452-3453 (1993). [Puthoff's reply
follows. Carlip says that Puthoff did his calculations wrong and
Puthoff
replies that he did them right.]
Casimir, H.B.G., "On the attraction between two perfectly
conducting plates", Proceeding Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie
van Wetenschappen,
Amsterdam 51, No. 7, 793-796 (1948) lin
English]. [The
paper that started it all. It is an extrapola-
the more detailed
paper, Casimir
and Polder (1948).]
Casimir, H.B.G. and D. Polder, "The influence of retardation on
the London-van der Waals forces", Physical Review 73, 360-372
(1948). [Applies retardation to the London-van der Waals
calculations of the attraction between a neutral atom to a wall
atoms. London and van der Waals got 1/R3 and
1/R6 (which didn't agree with experiment). Retardation makes the
forces drop off as 1/Rt and 1/R'. The "correction factor" had
Planck's constant in it, indicating the extra factor of l/R had
something to due with quantum theory. Casimir then wrote his
paper (1948) on the attraction between two conducting plates.]
Exhibit A-10b
- 29 -

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2732, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cole, Daniel C., "Possible thermodynamic law violations and
astrophysical issues for
secular acceleration of electrodynamic
particles in the vacuum,'. Physical Review E51, 1663-1674 (1995).
[See Rueda (1978), Boyer
(1979) and Rueda, Haisch and Cole
(1995). Tries to explain away the thermodynamic problems
associated with the unrestrained growth of the speed of charged
particles
driven by vacuum
fluctuations.]
Deriagin, B.V. and 1.1. Abrikosova, "Direct measurements of
molecular attraction of solids", J. Phys. Chem. Solids 5, 1-10
(1958). [A summary of previous papers. Data on quartz surfaces,
glass surfaces,
and chromium-quartz,
using a spherical surface
against a flat surface. Good deal of information about
experimental procedures to get rid of electrical patch effects
and dust.]
Second-Harmonic den Kation, "Physical eage Letters 3, Vacuum:
• Physical Review Letters 63, 2725-
2728 (18 December 1989). [Predicts that a high power laser beam
focused on a strong magnetic field will produce second-harmonic
photons due to the nonlinearity of the photon-photon scattering
in the vacuum. Milonni
shows that the vacuum itself has no fluctuations and the source
the vacuum ageles 52
agrees that if not successful, then this
a more correct physical model of the vacuum. The
estimated laser power required was increased substantially in the
recent paper by Kaplan and Ding (1995) .]
Drever, R.W.P., "A search for anisotropy of inertial mass using a
free precession technique", Philosophical Magazine 6, 683-687
(1961). [Experiment done to test Mach's principle of inertia.
Can detect anisotropy of inertial mass to 5x10-23.]
Forward,
Robert L., "Extracting electrical energy
from the vacuum
by cohesion of charged foliated conductors, " Physical Review B30,
1700-1702 (15 August 1984). [Proposes to convert the "surface
energy" of a foliated conductor into electrical energy by
cohering the leaves of the foliated conductor into a solid block
(with less surface energy) under the control of a bi-directional
power supply that extracts energy in the form of electricity.
Does
not violate energy conservation laws.]
Hacyan, S., R. Jáuregui
electromagnetic fluctuations in rectangular cavities," Physical
Review A47, 4204-4211 (1993). [Calculates Casimir energy and
pressure in rectangular cavities. Agrees in general with Ambjørn
and Wolfram (1983), but finds slight differences. See Fig. 1.]
Haisch, Bernhard, Alfonso Rueda, and H.E. Puthoff, "Inertia as a
zero-point-field Lorentz force", Physical Review A49, 678-694
(1994). Ione of the two papers that initiated the study. States
hat the inertia of a body is caused by the fluctuations of the
vacuum. No objections to this paper have been published yet.]
Exhibit A-10b
- 30 -

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2618, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hawton, Margaret, "One-photon operators and the role of vacuum
fluctuations in
the Casimir force," Physical Review ASO, 1057-
1061 (1994). IProposes that spontaneous emission and the Casimir
force can be explained by creation of single photons at the
positions of charged particles.]
Hessels, E.A., P.W. Arcuni, F.J. Deck, and S.R. Lundeen,
"Microwave
spectroscopy of high-I, n=10 Rydberg states
of
helium," Physical Review A46, 2622-2641 (1992). [Long, detailed
experimental paper. Although the electron and the rest of the
helium atom is charged, so that electric forces are dominant, the
Casimir-Polder retarded forces must be included in the theory to
get the right result. For example, the separation between the
10G and 10H levels is 491,005.2 KHz, while the theory predicts
491,007.5 kHz, of which 42.2 KHz is the retardation effect. The
residual of 2.2710.5 kHz (5 sigma) is not understood.]
Hunklinger, S., H. Geisselmann, and W. Arnold, "A dynamic method
for measuring the van der Waals forces between macroscopic
bodies",
Rev. Sci. Instruments 43, 584-587 (1972). [Reasonably
accurate measurement of 1/L4 law at distances of 80 to 800 nm.
Uses speaker cone modulation of one plate to measure the
derivative of the Casimir force as a function of separation
distance.]
lacopini, E.,
"Casimir effect at macroscopic distances," Physical
Review A48, 129-131 (1993). [Proposes using confocal mirror
resonator structure to measure Casimir force at a few
centimeters. Predicts that the Casimir force on the mirrors will
be periodic with change in mirror separation. I don't think the
analysis has been done carefully enough. Needs to be verified by
a good vacuum theorist.]
Israelachvili, J.N. and D. Tabor, "Measurement Of van der Waals
dispersion forces in the range 1.5 to 130 nm, " Proc. Roy. Soc.
A331, 19-38 (1972). IVery good experimental results showing both
1/L4 and 1/I3 laws. Done with mica cylinders rather than metal
plates. Supersedes Tabor and Winterton, 1969.]
Kaplan, A.E. and Y.J. Ding, "Field-Gradient-Induced Second
Harmonic Generation
in Magnetized Vacuum". [Submitted to JOSA B
(1995). New calculations increase the estimated laser power
required to 1022 W/cm from the estimated power of 1014 W/cmz in
their previous paper by Ding and Kaplan (1989).]
pang and pian 298g) f 20 mile. in
Kitchener, J.A. and A.P. Prosser, "Direct measurement of the
long-range van der Waals forces", Proc. Royal Soc. A242, 403-409
(1957). [Reasonably good measurement of 1/L4 law. Experimental
technique shows that
2 си роза спагра
"mosaic" charges on the plates are a problem
errOr
source.l
Exhibit A-10b
- 31 -

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2784, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Latorre, José, Pedro Pascual and Rolf Tarrach, "Speed of light in
non-trivial vacua," Nuclear Physics B437, 60-82 (1995) .
[Interesting paper that shows that the speed of light in vacuum
is given by a very general formula c/co=1-44a2p/135m4, where a is
the fine structure constant, m is the mass of the electron, and p
is the energy density of the field being considered. This seems
to hold for electric, magnetic, gravitational, temperature, and
Casimir fields, including the mysterious factor of 11. If the
energy density p is negative, as it is in the gravitational and
Casimir field cases, then the speed of light is faster than co.l
Levi, Barbara Goss (editorial summary), "New evidence confirms
old predictions of retarded forces", Physics Ioday, 18 (April
1993). [Readable summary of what was going on in the field of
long
range interatomic forces as of 1993.]
Lifshitz, E.M., "The theory of molecular attractive forces
between solids"
, Soviet Physics JETP 2, 73-83 (1956) [Zh. Eksp.
Teor. Fiz 29, 94 (1955)|. [Good theoretical paper deriving the
Casimir force for dielectrics instead of conductors.]
Milonni, P.w., "Casimir forces without the vacuum radiation
field", Physical Review A25, 1315-1327 (1982). [One of many
papers by Milonni showing that there are two alternative physical
models for the various Casimir effects--vacuum fluctuation fields
and charged particle source fields. This paper calculates the
Casimir-Polder attraction of a neutral
atom and a plate, and the
van der Waals force between two neutral atoms.]
Milonni, Peter W., The Quantum Vacuum: An Introduction to Quantum
Electronics, Academic Press, New York (1994). [Book containing
highly mathematical discussion of many quantum vacuum fluctuation
phenomena including a number of experiments. Very good on the
"history" of the field, but not an easy read for experimentally
oriented types.]
Milonni, P.W. and M.-L. Shih, "Source theory of the Casimir
force, "
Physical Review A45, 4241-71 (1992). IA more recent paper
that does the calculation for the Casimir force between plates
using many different physical models. This paper intimates that
it might be possible to modify or modulate the van der Waals
interaction by spatially coherent laser radiation.]
Milonni, Peter W., and Karl Svozil, "Impossibility of measuring
faster-than-c signaling by the Scharnhorst effect," Physics
Letters B248,437-438 (1990). ICalculates that quantum
uncertainties in turning on an electromagnetic signal will create
errors in timing larger than the time difference created by the
signal propagating "faster-than-light"
• It is not that
Scharnhorst is wrong, it is just that a simple propagation time
measurement will not lead to a violation of causality because of
basic quantum uncertainties.]
Exhibit A-10b
- 32-

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2683, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Milton, Kimball A., Lester I. DeRaad, Jr., and Julian Schwinger,
"Casimir Self-Stress on
a Perfectly Conducting Spherical Shell"
Annals Physics 115, 388-403 (1978). [Recalculates the repulsive
stress on a sphere to higher accuracy.]
Mostepanenko, V.M. and N.N. Trunov, "The Casimir effect and its
applications", Soviet Physics Usp. 31, 965-987 (1988) [Usp. Fiz.
Nauk 156, 385-426 (1998), in Russian.]. [General review paper of
the Casimir effect. Authors make the point on page 980 that the
Casimir force experiments shows the physical reality of the
fluctuations of the electromagnetic fields in the vacuum, while
the Lamb-Retherford experiments show the physical reality of the
fluctuations of the virtual particles (positron-electron pairs)
in the vacuum.]
Onofrio, Roberto and Giovanni Carugno, "Detecting Casimir forces
using a tunneling electromechanical transducer," Physics Letters
A198, 365-370 (1995). [Authors mention on page 369 that the
gravity force of the Casimir disks are larger than the Casimir
forces.]
Puthoff,
H.E. , "Gravity as a zero-point-fluctuation force" ,
Physical
Review A39, 2333-2342 (1989). IOne of the two papers
that started this study effort. Takes
an idea by Sakharov and
puts some mathematical flesh on it. The major problem with the
paper is the assumption that ALL matter is made
up of charged
point-mass particles, such as electrons and quarks. This is
nearly true, but electromagnetic fields and gluons do contribute
to the gravity of an object, but they are not made of charged
point-mass
particles.]
Rueda, A., "Model of Einstein and Hopf for Protons in Zero-Point
Field
and
Cosmic-Ray Spectrum", Il Nuovo Cimento 48A, 155-183
(1978). [It is proposed that the acceleration of cosmic-ray
protons is caused by the zero-point electromagnetic fluctuations
of the vacuum. l
Rueda, Alfonso, Bernhard Haisch, and Daniel c. Cole, "Vacuum
zero-point field pressure
instability in astrophysical plasmas
and the formation of cosmic voids"
, Astrophysical J. 4.5, 7-16
(1995). [Amplifies what is said in Rueda (1978), Boyer (1979)
and Cole (1995). The fluctuations of the vacuum in empty space
will accelerate charged particles in regions of space of low
density and low magnetic
fields until the particles become very
high energy cosmic rays.]
Sassaroli, E., Y.N. Srivastava,
and A. Widom, "Photon production
by the dynamical Casimir effect," Physical Review A50, 1027-1034
(1994). [See also Srivastava, Widom, and Friedman (1985). They
show that it is possible to create intense photon radiation when
two conducting plates are modulated periodically. Widom reports
they are planning on doing experiments to l00k for this effect.]
Exhibit A-10b
- 33-

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2690, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scharnhorst, K., "On propagation of light in the vacuum between
plates," Physics Letters B236, 354-359 (1990). [Calculates that
the velocity of light between two Casimir plates is anisotropic,
with the velocity of light perpendicular to the plates being
greater than the velocity of light in unconfined space. See
Barton (1990), Barton and Scharnhorst (993), and Milonni and
Svozil (1990).] {K. Scharnhorst wishes to point out that Eq. (26)
in this paper
should read Ac/c~1.5x10-56 a-4.}
Sen, Dev, "Casimir force measurement between two gold-plated
quartz flats at large separations, " oral paper at meeting of the
APS Division of Atomic, Molecular, and Optical Physics, Toronto,
Canada (15-19 May 1995). [View graph copies only. No "paper" was
prepared. The only ongoing experiment attempting to measure the
Casimir force
between conducting plates. Dev Sen is doing the
experiment as an undergraduate honors project at the University
of Washington under the supervision of Prof. Steve K. Lamoreaux.
recently achieved a plate separation of 8 um during setup,
but still has a long way to go before starting to take data.]
Serry, F. Michael, Dirk Walliser, and G. Jordan Maclay, "The
anharmonic Casimir oscillator (ACO): The Casimir effect in a
model microelectromechanical system, " IEEE/ASME J.
Microelectromechanical Structures (Dec 1995). [Analysis Of a
microelectromechanical structure that should oscillate about an
force to hold the switch closed. The group plans on fabricating
i losed are group an on are tangi.
the structures analyzed.]
Sidles, J.A., et al., "Magnetic resonance force microscopy",
Review of Modern Physics 67, 249-265 (1995). [Reviews a possible
method for measuring a small force on a small body. Basically an
atomic force microscope modified to measure nuclear magnetic
moments by measuring the force on the sample.]
Sparnaay, M.J., "Measurements of Attractive Forces Between Flat
Plates,"
Physica 24, 751-764 (1958). [Last measurement made of
Casimir force between metal plates. Data poor in quality.
Chromium-steel and chromium plates
produced attractive forces,
author could say was "The observed attractions do not
contradict Casimir's theoretical prediction." Was not able to
measure forces between aluminum plates. Often got repulsion
(probably due to dust or oxide) instead of attraction.]
Srivastava, Y., A. Widom, and M.H. Friedman, "Microchips as
precision quantum-electrodynamic probes," Physical Review
Letters,
55, 2246-2248
(1985). [Calculates that the QED
fluctuations
for present metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect
transistors is typically 0.1 of the electrostatic energy. See
also Sassaroli, Srivastava
and Widom (1994).]
Exhibit A-10b
- 34-

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Sukenik, C.I., M.G. Boshier, D. Cho, v. Sandoghdar and E.A.

Hinds, "Measurement of the Casimir-Polder Force" , Physical Review
Letters 70, 560-563 (1993). [Fairly convincing measurement of
attraction of a neutral, unexcited sodium atom to a conducting
wall, showing retardation must be taken into account. ]

Exhibit A-10b
35 -

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 923, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SHORT LIST OF ACTIVE RESEARCHERS IN VACUUM FLUCTUATIONS
Barton, Gabriel
Theoretical
work on many aspects of vacuum fluctuation, including
the problem of the super luminal speed of light between Casimir
plates.
Boyer,
Timothy H.
Many theoretical papers on vacuum fluctuations.
Braginsky, Vladimir B.
Coauthor with F.Ya. Khalili on vacuum fluctuation "friction" and
"damping". Usually works on gravitational radiation antennas
and
"quantum non-demolition" measurement techniques.
Cantatore, G.
Departimento Fisica, Univ. Trieste, I-34127 Trieste, Italy
Papers on interaction of high energy photons with a magnetic
field.
Carugno, Giovanni
Paper with Roberto Onofrio on detecting Casimir forces using a
tunneling electromechanical transducer. Paper on interaction of
high energy photons with a magnetic field.
Cole, Daniel C.
Co-author with Haisch and Rueda on cosmic void ZPF particle
acceleration paper.
Exhibit A-10b
- 36-

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 846, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ding,
Yujie (Y.J.)
Co-author of papers on nonlinear magneto-optics
of vacuum with
A.E. Kaplan.
Drever, Ron
Measured
anisotropy of inertia to 5x10-23 in 1961 paper. Now
running Callech portion of LIGO (Laser Interferometer
Gravitational Observatory).
Eberlein, Claudia
Papers on theory of sonoluminescence being due to the Unruh
effect.
Forward, Robert L.
Paper on extracting electrical
energy from the vacuum.
Conducted contract studies of vacuum
fluctuation phenomena for
the U.S. Air Force and NASA/JPL.
Haisch, Dr. Bernhard
Co-author with Puthoff
and Rueda on vacuum fluctuations being
•the
source of inertial mass. High energy physicist and Associate
Editor, The Astrophysical Journal.
Hawton,
Margaret
Papers on source fluctuations causing effects rather than vacuum
fluctuations. Doesn't believe in vacuum fluctuations.
Exhibit A-10b
- 37-

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 1088, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hinds, E.A.
Physics Department,
Yale University
X
Paper
on measurement of the Casimir-Polder force with ground
state sodium atoms between plates with C.I. Sukenik, M.G.
Goshier, D. Cho, and V. Sandoghdar.
Iacopini, E.
Dipartimento di Fisica dell' Universita di Firenze
Proposed experiment
to use confocal mirrors as Casimir plates
• O
measure the Casimir force at centimeter distances.
Kaplan, Alexander A., Prof.
Co-author
X
of papers on nonlinear magneto-optics of the vacuum
with Yujie Ding.
Lamoreaux, Steve K.
Physics Department, Bldg. F-15
Faculty adviser to Dev Sen on experiment to measure the Casimir
force between two gold-plated quartz flats at large distances.
Latorre,
Jose
1.
Wrote 1995 paper calculating the speed of light for a number of
different "non-trivial vacua" with Pedro Pascual
(pascual@ecm.ub.es)
and Rolf Tarrach (rolf@ecm.ub.es)
Maclay, G. Jordan
He and students are looking at measuring and using Casimir forces
in microelectromechanical structures.
Mead, Franklin B., Jr., PL/RKF
XX
Has
filed patent on extracting energy from the vacuum.
Exhibit A-10b
- 38-

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1213, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Milonni, Peter W.
Many papers showing that effects attributed to vacuum
fluctuations can be explained by correlated quantum fluctuations
of the source charges in the experimental apparatus.
Onofrio, Roberto
Paper with Giovanni Carugno on detecting Casimir forces using a
tunneling electromechanical transducer. Paper with Bakalov on
interaction of high energy photons with a magnetic field. Has
also worked on quantum non-demolition measurement techniques.
Puthoff, Hal E.
The person that started all this by saying that gravity and
inertia are caused by vacuum fluctuations.
Rueda, Alfonso
Dept.
Electrical Engineering, ECS-518
Many
papers on vacuum fluctuations. Co-author with Puthoff and
Haisch on vacuum fluctuations being the source of inertial
mass.
Scharnhorst, Klaus
Department of Physics, University of Wales Swansea
Theorist, discovered the Scharnhorst effect, that the speed of
light is greater than c perpendicular to Casimir plates.
Schwartz, Alan M. (Uncle Al)
Chief Technical
Officer, Molecular Genesis Life Sciences LTD,
Vancouver, BC, Canada
Suggested
making and
weighing "Casimatter". Only publications
Casimatter to date are on e-mail from
Schwartz and in this
report.
on
Exhibit A-10b
- 39 -

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 468, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sen,
Dev
dsen@u.washington.edu
Carrying out experiment on Casimir plates made of gold-plated
quartz flats, trying to measure
Casimir force
at large
distances.
Tarrach, Rolf
Wrote 1995 paper calculating
the speed of light for a number of
different "non-trivial vacua" with Pedro
Pascual
and Jose Latorre
Widom, Allen
Physics Department, Northeastern University, Boston, MA 02115 USA
Papers on microchips and
vacuum radiation from moving conductors.
Exhibit A-10b
- 40-
