{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:27:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 659840, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123589-witness-10175-worked-on-advanced-technologies-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "896e6ad260826cd97eb61e0985f9c6706002e8c567bca12d1c9ddb21012e11ff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 4519, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
From:
(Atomic Vortex Technologies, Inc.)
Hello Dr. Greer!
Thank you for your e-mail. I apologize for not contacting you sooner, but 1 wanted to cover a lot of ground with you and
needed a quiet moment to write it all out. Lindy Tucker has told me much about you and all of it has been favorable. I have a
videotape of one of your lectures and I was pleasantly surprised to see someone with a broad scope of things.
I have tried to keep myself up to date with much of the work regarding the search and contact of extra-terrestrials and am very
familiar with the history behind this ongoing quest. I want to share with you some of my views regarding this phenomenon and
some of the broader concepts regarding life in general.
First of all, I view everything from a very scientific perspective, and view the universe as the sum of infinitely diverse energy. I
believe all of us are the sum of specific energy wave forms with thoughts and consciousness oscillating at specific
frequencies. This explains the infinite diversity around us and why no two things or beings can ever be identical. Each of us
in turn must view life in greatly disparate manners with likes and dislikes, goals and understandings keyed in to these existing
wave trains which make us what we are.
Paramount to the recognition of this energy basis for existence is the conservation principle - namely all energy cannot be
created or destroyed but is merely changing form.
This means energy is infinite. Popular notion, scientific theories and
religions assert the universe was created as either the result of some cosmic explosion or divine hocus-pocus. Energy
leaves us no room for doubt that these views are absolutely rooted in superstition and/or ignorance. It is self-evident that the
universe always has existed in one form or another and will continue to exist eterally.
This ignorance of infinite properties within energy causes much suffering and fear. Death is a misnomer. There is only
change. Our bodies may be consumed and dissipate, however our consciousness and wave forms exist within a much
greater spectrum and cannot be changed by mere molecular separation. No person in history has ever died. Their
consciousness is simply oscillating within new spectra and is no longer attached to, or resonating with, a physical anatomy.
This view of course is hard to convey to the skeptic or the religionist.
They simply are not well-versed enough in the nature of
energy and its motion in wave forms with specific frequencies to envision themselves as pure energy. They believe their
thought processes are the result of synaptic impulses, and do not get any further.
Birth itself is still a mystery to science.
Yes, the scientist can point to the genetic code and say, "Here is the intelligence
which gives man his form and starts the heart to first beat." However, once the umbilical cord is severed, what keeps that
heart beating - what processes allow for the assimilation of data and for the recall of thoughts and data from the past? How do
brain cells record this knowledge and what exactly is this thing called consciousness anyway? Many believe the brain to be a
storehouse for data and that somehow all these events are stored in these synaptic centers.
The truth is that the brain is a receiver/transmitter and that the synaptic centers are antenna which can oscillate with specific
frequencies and recall and resonate with the necessary signals which are then relayed to the nervous system and throughout
the body. The brain is regenerating, as is the rest of the body....all cells eventually are replaced. This natural regeneration
process should have long ago cast aside any notions of the brain cells themselves holding this data. As an MD, I am sure
you have witnessed many patients with many varied injuries and seen an infinite variety of recovery rates from injuries. This,
too, is the result of intelligent signals being fed to the body which control this healing process.
Indeed, what medical science does not yet know is that all injuries actually stem from distortions in the existing signals of
consciousness. Yes, the accident victim, the burn victim, the stroke and stabbing victim all have distortions in existing
energy wave forms within their consciousness - prior to these things manifesting within their physical bodies.
Part of the consciousness is a recording of all things that have ever happened to you...in this life....or in previous lives. This
Anndau InlY ОПЛА бамаюаном. ПоСПатно
« Damn. «

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 4217, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eternal energy does not dissipate upon death but exists within a quantum matrix, with quantum signals of specific
frequencies. This matrix will regenerate within any new anatomy to which it may find itself attached.
These old injuries and experiences will keep remainfesting again and again, each time in a new manner as these wave forms
now resonate within its current environment and anatomy.
Another principle of energy which society must familiarize itself with is feedback. All energy signals will generate feedback
from surrounding structures. This explains the age-old concept of 'do unto others as you would have done unto you. The
universe is unemotional.
There is no God deciding who will die in car accidents or suffer a stroke or be born with palsy.
There is only energy - regenerating and re-expressing itself.
If l am stabbed - I have stabbed others. If I find myself in some predicament, I only have myself to blame. For you see....
could not be stabbed without the pre-existing compatibility with such experiences in my consciousness. The stabbing exists
as an event with specific frequencies and those frequencies can only resonate within my consciousness if there exists
harmonic compatibility.
As the recipient of such negative feedback.... with this understanding of energy, I know I must have harmed others in a similar
way. Perhaps not in this life time....perhaps a thousand years ago in a bloody war in which I felt fully justified to defend
myself. However, the universe finds a way to achieve balance in all expressions. In fact, this is a primary property of energy:
All energy seeks balance within its environment.
This is very important! For you see, if my consciousness still holds this past experience in its oscillation - and with a negative
polarity bias then I will keep re-enacting this experience until | balance this energy wave form with a new positive bias on the
same frequency.
Balanced experiences do not attract such active attention. Only those which are imbalanced remanifest in our daily lives with
any dominance. That is why people have such a tough go of it, and seem unhappy most of the time! Humanity, moment by
moment, resonates with its own worst experiences, emotions and mistakes!
Thanks for bearing with me as I write it out. I needed to get into this so I can share my views on other topics....
If the universe is indeed infinite, it stands to reason that there exist an infinite number of dimensions or levels which this infinite
energy expresses with. I have described this process more fully in my paper the Atomic Vortex Theorem of Energy Motion. I
could only touch upon the concept there however, for if I introduced the concept of intelligent beings in these dimensions, it
would simply have served to overwhelm the majority of the scientific community and defeat the purpose of broadening their
horizons.
Yes, in an infinite universe of regenerating energy there will exist beings so advanced to us as to be literally wholly
unrecognizable. We simply cannot perceive how supremely advanced energy expressions live. When mainstream science
gets excited and riled about the possibility of microbial life on an old dirty metorite, we have mute testimony as to how far we
have to go before the scientific community will accept that outside intelligence must exist in an infinite universe.
It is not simply odds, but the irrevocable, undeniable nature of infinite energy. Infinite energy must manifest in an infinite
number of forms and expressions. Therefore an infinite number of other life-forms exist. Also it stands to reason that not
only will these life forms inhabit terrestrial atomic planets - but will inhabit countless dimensions completely foreign to life as
we know it.
This is my view on extra-terrestrial life. It exists and it is in infinite abundance.
Now back to earth....
If I were an alien from another world ;-), and I wished to positively influence this world... how would I do it? Being aware of
energy principles....I would never force advanced understandings upon the people... because this would harm them and ME.
Any advanced being must realize that taking away someones burdens - weakens them and makes them incapable of carrying

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 599, "chars": 3711, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
even heavier future burdens and will in turn weaken ME for doing so.
So as an intelligent extraterrestrial, I could never appear with a cornucopia of cure-alls for mans illnesses, wars and societal
tensions. From this new infinite perspective, I would see that in the long-haul this would actually be quite harmful.
Clearly some other, non-harmful way of helping must exist? Yes! I would become an earth person... live life among them and
change society from within. No one should ever think these advances were some gift from an alien race. Never should
humanity become dependant upon some other world for their salvation.
This is the only way to help humanity and do so in a way which does not deprive humanity of its self-worth, motivation and
initiative.
If 1 came down in a space-ship, displayed my superior technology on a platter and said 'if you follow me you will be saved' - 1
would cause definite harm to the culture and the people of that world. The conflicts, tensions, worship, fear, awe, and many
other dilemmas would make such an event a curse rather than a salvation.
This is why I would send representatives - volunteers - to incamate as humans. To BE human and help the planet Earth from
the inside out.
Earth's history is filled with prodigies and 'inhuman' genius. Mankind can look upon its history and see the potential each
human contains within themselves. They need not look to other worlds for salvation or guidance.
This is why we do not see craft landing daily from the infinite number of other worlds which exist. These worlds, if they share
this knowledge of energy - which to operate these space ships they MUST - know that such a landing would in turn cause
their OWN world to be landed upon - without specific invitation.
How would you feel, knowing the diverse and often unsavory range of humanity, to know a stranger will soon force his way into
your home?
So, not only do these worlds refrain from coming to earth out of unselfish gestures, but many do so out of self-preservation
and the future preservation of their worlds!
Once the earth is capable of clear communication with other worlds and is capable of understanding the ramifications of such
contact - then, and ONLY then, will we see space ships from other worlds descend upon us.
In all the talk I have heard of extraterrestrials and why they 'stay away'- none have ever shared this view...and it is unfortunate
because this understanding is vital to understanding why earth is 'quarantined'.
I am working on bringing in some very advanced technologies... technologies which utilize this infinite understanding of energy
and its various properties.
One of the one's you may find of particular interest as an MD is this one:
Electronic viral and bacterial elimination.
This will be the end to disease as we know it. Medical science says viral infections can't be treated and so diseases such as
AIDS and Ebola are fatal. Well...science on earth is just a bit behind...you see viruses can be eliminated.
Each virus has a specific resonant frequency in its structure. This resonant frequency, once identified, can be used to destroy
the virus - electronically. By matching this frequency and adding a destructive subharmonic signal, we can kill this virus -
ANY VIRUS - without destroying good cells or using any drugs. Indeed, a similar process will isolate and detect cancerous
cells and eliminate them as well.
Treatment will be non-invasive and will simply consist of putting the patient within distance of a field generator of unparalleled
precision.
We also have a patent pending process for reducing the half-life of radionuclides. This process will eventually make reactors
........do. do anna Manures. Poses

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 558, "chars": 3389, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
control rods reusable, thereby eliminating the greatest problem of these massively overfilled storage tanks in reactors.
This may appear like science fiction, yet it is really just using these advanced understandings of energy for the good of
mankind. Perhaps mankind is not yet ready for these things...time will tell. We are working on a host of others, each one
light years ahead of existing technology.
In your lecture you pointed out how alien technologies would seem like magic to most. This is quite true. Your metaphor of
the aborigine and the airplane is accurate. However, the logical conclusion will be either awe or fear. Neither response is
desirable. However if one of their own villagers made a paper airplane and flew it in the air...perhaps the village would not be
so fearful or awed when the next one flies past ;-)
Okay…...if you are still with me...
Now let's talk about the government, secrecy and economic stability.
You pointed out in your lecture that economic power is what keeps the lid on these technologies, and suppresses them. I
agree. However, the simple truth is many of these technologies are beyond the investors abilities to comprehend. The
pharmaceutical industry you can imagine will not like AVORTEX Electronic Healthcare.
In fact, it stands to put many drug companies out of business.
Likewise, the oil companies will not like to hear nuclear power can be provided without a trail of high-level waste.
Yes, all the things mankind has dreamt about:
free energy; space travel; cures for AIDS, cancer and all diseases
- all these are within reach of mankind within the next decade if properly funded. However, if not, they will loiter around in limbo
for perhaps the next hundred years or more.... until mankind learns more of energy and himself.
I cannot say this is a bad thing.... because I know humanity must be ready for these things. When they are ready for them,
humanity will resonate at such a frequency that they shall have them.
Ok...now that I have gotten that off my chest....
On to your news....please tell me about the recent developments. Lindy mentioned something about you receiving funding
and something about government sponsors.
As for federal eaves-dropping on this e-mail... don't worry.... we are the good guys, and if they spy on us... we must have spied
on others... sometime! I also like to think this sort of info might help illuminate things in the covert-community :)
Being unemotional and in BALANCE about such things is the only way one gets over them... and eventually loses all
compatibility with such things!
Dr. Greer, thank you for taking the time to read all this. I would love to hear your take on anything I have mentioned. I know
you are leaving soon for England. I wish you a safe and constructive trip. I hope this serves to open the lines of
communication between us. I know it is hard to find the time to write sometimes. It is even harder to trust one's thoughts and
share one's views with a total stranger. (of course we may not really be strangers... viewed from the long haul.)
I don't normally share this much information with everyone. These views are naturally controversial and are definitely not for
everyone. However, after watching your lecture I realized 'high weirdness' will not come as a shock to you. Information
exchange is what life is all about.
I look forward to hearing from you.
___
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2185, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sincerely,
I would also love to purchase a copy of your book. If you could e-mail me an order form or just the info where I can obtain
one, I would be very grateful.
< DIV> Thank you for your e-mail. &nbsp; I apologize for not contacting you sooner,
but I wanted to cover a lot of ground with you and needed a quiet moment to
write it all out. &nbsp;&nbsp; Lindy Tucker has told me much about you and all of
it has been favorable. &nbsp; I have a videotape of one of your lectures and I
was pleasantly surprised to see someone with a broad scope of things. </DN>
<DIV>&nbsp;</DIV>
< DIV>I have tried to keep myself up to date with much of the work regarding the
search and contact of extra-terrestrials and am very familiar with the history
behind this ongoing quest. anbsp; &nbsp;/ want to share with you some of my views
regarding this phenomenon and some of the broader concepts regarding life in
general. </DIV>
<DIV>&nbsp;</DIV>
< DIV>First of all, I view everything from a very scientific perspective, and
view the universe asånbsp; the sum of infinitely diverse energy. &nbsp;&nbsp;|
believe all of us are the sum of specific energy wave forms with thoughts and
consciousness oscillating at specific frequencies. &nbsp; &nbsp; This explains the
infinite diversity around us and why no two&nbsp; things or beings can ever be
identical. &nbsp;&nbsp; Each of us in turn must view life in&nbsp;greatly
disparate manners with likes and dislikes, goals and understandings keyed in to
these existing wave trains which make us what we are. </DIV>
<DIV >&nbsp;</DN>
< DIV> Paramount to the recognition of this energy basis for existence is the
conservation principle - namely ‹EM>all energy cannot be created or destroyed
but is merely changing form</EM>.&nbsp; &nbsp; This means energy is
infinite. &nbsp; Popular notion, scientific theories and religions assert the
universe was created as either the result of some cosmic explosion or divine
hocus-pocus. &nbsp;&nbsp; Energy leaves us no room for doubt that these views are
absolutely rooted in superstition and/or ignorance. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; lt is
self-evident that «EM>the universe always has existed in one form or another and
