{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T17:34:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2952006, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123588-unknown-united-states-air-force-witness-space-unit-library-apr-2004.pdf", "source_sha256": "efc9e2e01896a054b6d31625441bb40a70e4b16aa7c665ba828235f40965d927"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 669, "chars": 4213, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 3
Subj:
Date:
From:
Reply-to:
To:
Fw: Ex-AF Pilot's UFO Sightings + Secret Book in USAF Library
4/7/2004 8:02:29
Dr. Steven Greer)
File New und
militer-y
Witness
This man has some well-documented personal UFO sightings-but probably of even more interest is a secret
book on UFOs he came across in an AF library. I've bolded that part below.
XX
From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 07, 2004 4:34 PM
Subject: My Experience W/UFO's
As I had promised, I am writing to inform you of my UFO experiences.
First, my personal background. I was born in Niseland So. Dakota in 1938. Have lived most of my life in the
Denver, Colorado area. I spent a short term in the Army and Army Reserve. I then went to and graduated from
Colorado State University (CSU) in 1964. At CSU I went through the Air Force ROTC program and was
commissioned a 2nd Lieutenant. From 1965 to 1970, I was in active duty with the Air Force and left as a Captain
(Air Force really sucked). I began and operated a small air charter service from 1972 to 1973. In Aug. 1974, l
was recruited by the Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI) as an Agent Pilot. I was trained as a crime scene
investigator, arson investigator, and the last 9 years I investigated drugs/narcotics. I retired on a medical
retirement in March of 1992 after being seriously injured in an airplane accident in which I was the pilot during an
undercover drug operation.
In approximately 1952, my mother, a Native American Hispanic women with little interest in technology or UFO's,
was gossiping with 2 neighbor women when a flash of light from a reflection of the sun caught her eye. My
mother looked up from where the flash came from and she observed 3 round disks flying from the Southeast
toward the Northwest, toward Boulder Colorado. My mother told me that they were exactly round and luminous
and about higher than the mountain peaks in the west. She said she became very excited and told her neighbors
to look up at the disks. Her next door neighbor looked up and she also became excited at what she saw.
However, the other neighbor, standing next to her, who lived about a block away, immediately countered my
mother and her next door neighbor and scoffed with a stupid statement, saying,
"you don't see anything, stop with
your excitement." My mother told me that the disks flew in a direction toward Boulder and she became more
excited and surprised when she saw the disks join approximately 6 other disks and they flew westward together
and in a climb until they disappeared.
In my first year in the Air Force, 1965, I was assigned to Space Unit Library. In reorganizing the different
books and documents, I came across a book classified "Secret." The book was an Air Force document
containing military visual sightings and radar contacts with unidentified objects. I was surprised that the
Air Force would have such a bound book available for personnel with need to know and clearances at the
library.
From August 1974 to spring of 1980, | piloted the CBI Cessna Turbo 206 Stationnaire. On a return night flight
from Kansas, with another CBI Agent as passenger (he too was a pilot),
1. I was under control by the
Denver Approach Control Radar. Approximately 50 miles east of then Arapahoe County Airport, Denver
Approach called me and told me that I had traffic at my 12 o'clock position, 10 miles and closing. I replied that I
did not have the traffic in sight. The controller then said that the traffic was now 5 miles and closing, still at my 12
o'clock position. The controller immediately gave me a vector to turn to the right to clear the unknown traffic. I
then stated I did not have the traffic in sight. the controller then informed me that the traffic had turned in my
direction and in a collision course and cleared me to make a wide turn to the left to avoid a potential collision. I
turned the Cessna 206 left and replied that I still did not have any traffic in sight. The controller then told me that
the traffic again turned in my direction and was very close, could I see the traffic? 1 replied, negative and the
controller immediately stated that the traffic was right on me either below or above me, could I see it? I again
Wednesday, April 07, 2004

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 743, "chars": 4387, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 3
informed the controller, that I could not see the traffic and | then bank the airplane to get a clearer view below me.
I did not see any flying traffic, so I banked the airplane to look above. Still I saw nothing. shortly thereafter, the
controller told me that the traffic which was flying with me separated and was heading south. I was flying west
toward Araphahoe County Airport. I then told the controller that at no time did I see the traffic. Curiously, the
controller then asked, "Do you wish to make a UFO report?" 1 replied, no i did not want to make a UFO report. I
was curious because the controller was the one who was observing this maneuvering object, why was I supposed
to make the report?
In the spring of about 1979, I received an order from the Director (boss) of the CBI to assist the Colorado State
Organized Crime Strike Force (OCSF), in an aerial search of stolen rail road cars that may be located in farming
fields with rails near Windsor Colorado. Three OCS officers (law enforcement officers), came to the hanger at
Arapahoe County Airport where the CBI airplane was hangered. One of the OCSF officers was
friend i knew well, assigned to the OCSF from the State Attorney General's Office.
was a criminal
investigator. The OCSF officers boarded my Cessna 206 and 1 flew them to the farming erds near Windsor
Colorado, about 60 miles north of Arapahoe County Airport. While the officers were looking in a search below
and I had the airplane in a northeast direction, I was looking for any aircraft traffic in the vicinity to steer clear of
them. I briefly looked at about a 45 degree direction to my right and was surprised to see that a cloud bank about
25 miles directly east of me became luminous, like if a car was driving through fog and the head lights made the
fog luminous. The clouds had this same luminous appearance. I excitedly said out loud to
was seated at my right, "Look
the clouds are lit up!" As
long disks burst out of the cloud from the luminous area and immediately behind the disks, flew out a huge
luminous globe appearing to be engulfed in a blue like flame. The whole globe looked of a medium luminous
blue. The globe or large ball flew from south to north so fast that in less about 2 seconds, it was gone from sight,
north as it was punching through small clouds leaving small swirls of cloud puffs behind. I asked
you think that was?
replied, "I only saw the puffs of the clouds" as it went north. He said he knew, though
something made those sudden puffs swirl. I then told
to mark down the time, 2:38 pm. We then fiew back
to Arapahoe County Airport where the OCSF officers boarded their cars and left. I then called the fueling group to
fuel the airplane. Thereafter I pushed the airplane into the hanger. This took all of 45 minutes. I then left the
airport and radioed my departure to my home to the CBI dispatch. CBI dispatch then asked me to give them a
call on the telephone from somewhere nearby. I replied that I wasn't too far from the CBl, that I would just stop
there. When I arrived, the dispatcher, a lady, informed me that an FAA official had called there, asking for me and
left a telephone number for me to return the call. I called the FAA official, I presume was an inspector. The FAA
person informed me that
after hearing a report of a sighting on the car radio and for anyone
seeing the unknown flying object at about 2:38 pm, to call the FAA at a given number, did in fact call (
the FAA with an agency cell phone.
heard the radio report on a music station, while he was driving home
from Arapahoe County Airport. The FAA official asked me for details of my sighting of which I gave. He then told
me that at 2:38 pm, a group of persons, who were located south of Arapahoe County Airport, saw a globe flying
extremely fast from south to north. The witnesses then called the FAA who were then connected to the FAA
person I was talking to. These witnesses gave their report to this FAA person. I told the FAA person that it didn't
surprise me that the other ground witnesses saw the globe about the same time as I did because the globe was
especially concerned about this sighting because he contacted NASA to see if any satellites were circling from
asked me to give them a written report of my sighting. Of course, knowing the narrow minded attitudes of
my supervisors, I declined to make the report.
