{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:05:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 211987, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123597-adm-bobby-ray-inman-former-nasa-and-head-of-nro-senior-maji-official.pdf", "source_sha256": "93bca41de018a00d98ab79193e4e995c0952c939a30ba3e23047a32fc0c68ece"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 1865, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bobbykay
іпшан
William Gattis Comments
I grew up in Eastern New Mexico - in Clovis, 9 miles from the Texas border. I was aware of the Midland,
Texas incident and of course the Lubbock Lights and as a result I've always followed information
regarding UFOs with interest.
I was one of the organizers of the International Conference on Technology and Education (ICTE). (See
attached summary.) When Admiral Inman was in Fort Worth to give the opening keynote address at the
International Conference on Technology and Education, I had a chance to visit with him a little, and |
liked him. He had a very precise way of speaking. He was very complimentary of the ICTE event -
particularly in view of his position with the MCC in Austin - and I had not known much about his
previous positions with NSA and the CIA.
In any event, following the ICTE event, it occurred to me that if anyone should know anything about the
UFO phenomenon, it would be Inman.
So I called him on the phone. And after a couple of comments regarding the ICTE and future plans, I
said, "Admiral, are UFO's real?" I did not record the conversation - I did feel that it would be
appropriate.
I remember Inman paused for a few moments. And then he responded - and I remember his exact initial
words. He said "On the subject you asked about, I cannot tell you that they do not exist."
He went on with some brief comments - I don't recall his exact words, but his general remarks were
that some areas were particularly sensitive and could be of national concern with respect to the public's
possible reaction, and possible economic repercussions, and were highly classified.
It later occurred to me that his initial response with the words "On the subject you asked about" and his
not mentioning UFO's, flying saucers, or anything related, probably was caution against any recording of
the conversation.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3310, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Inman Connection - ICTE Conference
In late 1982, several major computer and semiconductor manufacturers in the United States jointly
founded Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation (MCC), under the leadership of Admiral
Bobby Ray Inman, whose previous positions had been Director of the National Security Agency and Deputy
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. This initiative was an American response to Japan's Fifth
Generation Project, a large Japanese research project aimed at producing advanced computer concepts. MCC
was based in Austin, Texas.
Admiral Bobby Inman was the invited presenter of the opening keynote address at one of the early annual
International Conference on Technology and Education (ICTE) events when the ICTE was held in Fort Worth,
Texas and jointly sponsored by UT Austin and the Radio Shack Education Division.
ICTE Conference History
ICTE background: (See http://www.icte.org and http://icte.org/HISTORY.HTM )
William Gattis, a Tandy / Radio Shack Vice President responsible for the Education Division of Radio Shack, and
Dr Nolan Estes, previously Superintendent of the Dallas Independent School District, then at the University of
Texas in Austin, established the National Conference on Technology and Education in 1983 to provide a
national forum for exploring applications of the new personal computers and software to education. The
Conference was very successful, almost immediately drawing participants not only from the US, but also from
other nations. By 1986 the name was changed to the International Conference on Technology and Education
(ICTE), and with the 1988 Conference at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, the practice of alternating the
annual Conference each year between a location in North America and a location in Europe was established.
Several years later, two regional Conferences in South Africa were added.
Gattis left Tandy / Radio Shack in 1990 to pursue other interests in software development for education.
When it looked doubtful that the ICTE would continue, he arranged with Tandy / Radio Shack and the
University of Texas to reorganize ICTE as a tax-exempt organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the United
States Internal Revenue Code. Gattis then served as Chairman and CEO of the ICTE, and the Conference
continued as an independent non-profit.
The International Conference on Technology and Education was suspended following the events of 9/11, out
of concern that air travel would be considerably reduced for some time. The second South African regional
was held in 2002 since it was far along in planning, and was regional in nature.
On a couple of occasions since 2002, consideration has been given to re-establishing the ICTE, but there were
concerns about whether the previous business model was appropriate. It wasn't until 2019 that the concept
of an international, virtual event emerged as a realistic possibility. The Covid-19 emergency further delayed
consideration, however.
In the meantime, the ICTE web site has been maintained despite several vandalism attacks. Interest remains
in the published papers (see http://icte.org/RECENT.HTM as well as http://icte.org/edtech12.HTM and
http://icte.org/SPECIAL.HTM)
William Gattis is President of Intersect Systems Inc. (https://intersectsystems.com )
