{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:52:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 204447, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123518-exhibit-a-11-stephen-michalak-falcon-lake-close-encounte.pdf", "source_sha256": "82ab38cf55662d22654348dec8c370ab7fabcc2886a6c36d6fbd2c466c798c26"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3174, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stephen Michalak
Close Encounter with UFO at Falcon Lake
At 12:15 p.m. on May 19, 1967, Stephen Michalak, who was engaged in some amateur prospecting near
Falcon Lake, on the Manitoba/Ontario border, was startled to see two cigar-shaped objects with "bumps"
on them, glowing red and descending. One object stopped in mid-air, hovered, and then silently rose and
disappeared into the clouds. The other object, about thirty-five feet in diameter and twelve feet high,
landed about 160 feet away from Michalak. A door opened in the side of the craft and Michalak heard
voices within. He called out in English and Russian, but got no response. He was able to walk up to the
craft and actually touch it, but it took off as he stood near it, burning his chest and setting his shirt on fire.
He went to a doctor, who found a pattern of burn marks in a grid on his chest. He suffered from nausea,
vomiting, diarrhea, weight loss, and a drop in lymphocyte count. Investigators found unusual levels of
Radium 226 at the landing site.
Photographs of Stephen Michalak showing geometric pattern burned onto his body by the exhaust gases of an
alleged UFO. Mr. Michalak's burns where treated but continued to re-appear for many years after his encounter
with a mysterious craft in the Canadian wilderness.
THE EVENTS AT FALCON LAKE, 1967
During Victoria Day week-end, Canadian Stephen Michalak of Winnipeg, a mechanic by trade, decided to
do some prospecting in the Whiteshell Provincial Park. Michalak was an amateur geologist and had been
prospecting in the area many times. Others had found several quartz veins near Falcon Lake that were
associated with silver deposits, and Michalak had himself found a few promising sites. So, on May 19,
1967, he traveled from Winnipeg to Falcon Lake, where he spent the night in a motel on the Trans-
Canada Highway.
Michalak left his motel at 5:30 that morning and headed north into the wilds of the park. At about 9:00
a.m. he found a quartz vein near a small stream. At 11:00 a.m. he ate lunch, then continued to examine
the quartz formation. At 12:15 p.m. Michalak's concentration was disturbed by the cackling of some
geese. He looked up and was surprised to see two red, glowing cigar-shaped objects descending at a
forty-five degree angle. As they came nearer, their appearance became more oval and then disc-shaped.
As he watched, one of the objects stopped and hovered, while the other one descended and landed on a
large, flat rock about 160 feet away from him. After a few moments the object still in the air departed,
changing from red to orange to grey as it flew into the west and disappeared behind the clouds. The
object on the ground also turned from red to grey and finally to the color of "hot stainless steel"
surrounded by a golden-hued glow. He had been wearing welding goggles while chipping at the quartz to
protect his eyes from flying rock fragments, and now they served the additional purpose of protecting his
eyes from a brilliant purple light that was shining through openings in the object's exterior. The object was
making a hissing sound and a whirring noise, and it gave off a sulphurous smell.
Exhibit A-11
- 1-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 798, "chars": 4795, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stephen Michalak - Falcon Lake Close Encounter with UFO
Drawing by Steven Michalak
For several minutes, Michalak stayed where he was and sketched the object. After about half an hour, a
door opened in the side of the object, revealing a lighted interior. Michalak decided to move closer, and
when he was approximately sixty feet away from the object, he began to hear two voices over the other
sounds coming from the object.
Believing that the object was a secret experimental American craft of some sort, Michalak called out in
English. There was no response, so he tried Russian, German, Italian, French, Ukrainian, and then
English again. There was still no response.
Summoning his nerve, Michalak approached the open door and stuck his head inside. There he saw a
maze of lights on what appeared to be a panel, and beams of light in horizontal and diagonal patterns.
There was also a cluster of lights flashing in a random sequence "like on a computer."
Not seeing anyone, he pulled back and waited. Suddenly, three panels slid together, closing the opening
completely. Michalak then examined the outer surface of the object, noting that it was like highly polished
colored glass with no breaks or seams in its surface. He touched it, and it melted his glove.
Without warning, the object moved, and something like an exhaust vent was now in front of him. It was
about nine inches high by six inches wide, and contained a uniform pattern of round holes, each about
1/16 inch in diameter. A blast of hot gas shot from these holes onto his chest, setting his shirt and
undershirt on fire and causing him severe pain. He tore off his burning garments and threw them to the
ground. He looked up in time to see the craft depart like the first, and felt a rush of air as it ascended.
After the object was gone, Michalak noticed a strong odor of burning electrical insulation along with the
sulphurous smell he had noticed earlier. Some moss on the ground had been set on fire by his burning
shirts, and so he stamped it out.
The spot where the object had landed looked as if it had been swept clean, but piled up in a 15 foot circle
was a collection of pine needles, dirt and leaves. As he looked around, he developed a severe headache,
became nauseous, and broke out in a cold sweat. His nausea became worse, and he soon vomited. He
decided to head back to the motel, and on the way back he had to stop several times because of
Finally, after asking for help from a passing RCMP officer and being refused, he reached the motel. At
4:00 p.m., he entered the coffee shop and asked where he could find a doctor. He was told that the
nearest doctor was in Kenora, Ontario, 45 miles east of Falcon Lake. Michalak decided to return to
Winnipeg rather than go into Ontario.
The next bus to Winnipeg didn't come through until around 8:45 p.m., so he went to his room and called
his wife. He told her not to worry, but that he had had an accident and to send their son to meet him at the
bus terminal. He got to Winnipeg at around 10:15 p.m., and his son immediately took him to the
Misericordia Hospital, where his headache and nausea were treated and the curious burn marks on his
chest in the shape of a grid were noted.
One of the RCMP investigators tried to make the case that Michalak had burned his chest on a barbecue
grill. However, the burn pattern was opposite to what it would have been had that been the case. There
was a manned firetower nearby, but the lookouts reportedly saw nothing that day. Michalak never made
any money off his experience. In fact, he had to pay all of his own medical expenses, including a trip to
the Mayo Clinic on Minnesota. A small, privately published booklet he wrote on the experience lost
money.
Over the course of the next two years, Michalak was examined by more than one dozen physicians in the
United States and Canada. Site investigations were made by members of the RCMP, RCAF, government
officials and numerous civilians. Among those who traveled back to the site with Michalak were
representatives of: the RCAF (Royal Canadian Air Force) Training Command Headquarters, CFB
(Canadian Forces Base) Winnipeg, RCMP CID (Criminal Investigations Division); the federal Department
of Health and Welfare, and the Manitoba provincial Department of Health and Welfare. Also, the
University of Colorado Condon Committee investigated the case, Life magazine reporters came to
Manitoba and two civilian UFO groups, APRO (Aerial Phenomena Research Organization) and CAPRO
(Canadian APRO), became involved. Finally, the federal Department of Mines and Natural Resources got
involved to a degree, as did the Whiteshell Nuclear Research Establishment (WNRE), the Manitoba
Cancer Institute, the Mayo Clinic, and a host of other medical establishments.
Exhibit A-11
- 2-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 3905, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stephen Michalak - Falcon Lake Close Encounter with UFO
INSOLUBLE MISERIES
An article by the renowned Canadian UFO researcher Chris Rutkowski.
By now, many of you will have seen my appearance as a "U.F.O. Researcher" on the Unsolved Mysteries
segment aired on November 4th, 1992. The segment concerned the strange story of Stefan Michalak,
who claimed he was injured by an encounter with a saucer-shaped craft in May, 1967.
Long ignored by most ufologists, the case may very well be one of the best on record. According to his
story, Michalak was doing some amateur prospecting near the resort town of Falcon Lake, Manitoba,
Canada, examining the many rock outcroppings for signs of quartz. The area is part of the Canadian
Shield, quite rugged and covered with evergreens. Numerous lakes and swamps exist there, and the
forests are protected by Federal and Provincial programs.
Around noon, Michalak heard the sounds of agitated geese on a pond below his perch on a rocky
plateau. He looked up to see two red cigar-shaped objects flying slowly through the sky. One descended
toward him, and appeared to land about 150 feet away in a clearing. After it landed, it appeared to change
colour from red to orange to silver, as it "cooled down". It was now a classic flying saucer, about 35-40
feet in diameter, with a dome on its upper surface. The other object in the sky flew away.
Over the next hour, Michalak observed the object from a hiding spot behind a large rock formation. He
sketched the object and puzzled over its nature. He couldn't see any markings on the side, and he didn't
believe in "little green men" at the time. He concluded it was an experimental American aircraft which had
landed for repairs. His theory seemed correct when he heard some high-pitched voices coming from the
craft. A door opened in its side, and brilliant purple lights flooded out of the portal.
He decided to sarcastically ask the Americans if they needed help fixing their ship, so he cautiously
walked toward the vehicle and shouted his offer for assistance. The voices ceased abruptly. Edging
closer, he reached the side of the craft and poked his head into the opening. He noticed that its walls
were about eight inches thick, and had a honeycombed appearance. Inside the ship, he could see what
he described as a myriad of small flashing lights, like those on a computer panel. Stepping back, he found
that when he touched the side of the craft with his rubberized work glove, the glove had melted from
intense heat.
Suddenly, the door closed and the craft rotated
counterclockwise. In front of him was some sort of
"exhaust" grille. A blast of hot gas shot out of the
grille, striking him in the chest and knocking him
on his back. His shirt was set on fire, and he
struggled to remove it. The craft quickly ascended
and flew out of sight.
As the Unsolved Mysteries segment showed, a
dazed Michalak staggered back to civilization with
AM
10 гг
his fantastic story. The story of the investigation is
itself a fantastic tale. Michalak was beleaguered by
reporters, UFO buffs, loonies and other characters
all wanting the REAL story or to give him their own
advice on how to deal with the aliens.
VENTILATION
OR EXHAUST
Much has been published about the Michalak
"**12"
OPENINGS
HATCH
2 * 3 FT.
case, some of it inaccurate and contrived. An
excellent series of articles had appeared in
Canadian UFO Report in the late 1960's and early
1970's, but it did not receive much attention
outside of Canada. After I had reopened the case
files in the late 1970's, I wrote a series of articles
about it for FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, whose
* 1-20 THICK
editors were astounded that a full report on the
case had never seen international print before.
Yet, I have found the Michalak case recounted in various versions in many books and zines, often
repeating claims of radiation sickness and alien death rays.
Exhibit A-11
- 3 -

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 770, "chars": 4818, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stephen Michalak - Falcon Lake Close Encounter with UFO
I had re-opened the case because the original team of investigators had broken up, and the case files
were unavailable. I re-interviewed Michalak and his family, and tracked down several hundred pages of
government documents about the case. Dr. Berthold Schwarz was invaluable in his assistance in tracking
down much of the information, especially the medical reports.
The case had been investigated by the RCMP, RCAF, USAF and Edward Condon's Colorado UFO
Project (which listed it as "Case 22": unexplained). The incident had been debated several times in the
Canadian House of Commons because the public wanted to know what the government had learned
about the injury to a Canadian citizen. An official announcement was made that the files would never be
made public because of a danger to "the public interest"
This, of course, fueled the belief that the craft had been an alien spaceship. The government was
obviously covering up the affair, and the whole thing smacked of conspiracy. It didn't help when a UFO
buff asked the Mayo Clinic for Michalak's medical records, and the response was that Michalak had never
been there. Of course, Michalak had the bills to prove his stay there had been real.
Another often-repeated story is that Michalak had some sort of radiation sickness or had radiation burns.
This isn't supported by the medical reports. If the pattern of burns on his abdomen was caused by
radiation, he would have had many other symptoms of this. The pattern was considered by
dermatologists to have been caused by chemicals, more like an actual exhaust such as Michalak had
described. Another story in circulation (particularly in the four-volume set of UFO books by Yves Naud) is
that Michalak was suffereing from impurities in his blood, brought on by the UFO's radiative effects. Again,
this is not supported by the medical evidence. In fact, it is often repeated that Michalak lost a great deal of
weight and that his lymphocyte count was reduced, more symptoms of radiation poisoning. The trouble is
that Michalak had not been to a doctor for many months before his experience, and there were no
records of his pre-experience weight or blood count available for comparison. Michalak believed that he
had lost weight the same way we all think we might have lost weight - he guessed and looked at his own
bathroom scale. Considering he had severe nausea and vomiting, this wouldn't be too unusual. As a
matter of fact, this is more evidence in support of his having ingested a chemical mixture of gases.
Still, we're left with a curious case. Physiological and physical effects, an unchanging story over 25 years,
and yet there are no definite answers to what happened to Michalak at Falcon Lake in 1967. If it was a
hoax (and psychological testing suggests that Michalak didn't do it), then it is certainly one of the best on
record. Why would a hoaxer physically harm himself and put up with 25 years of ridicule by making up a
saucer story? Publicity? No. The Michalaks shy away from publicity. Money? No. The Michalaks haven't
made a bankroll from the experience, as some might claim. Notoriety? No. In fact, the Michalaks have
threatened to take action against some people mentioning the case in public because they just want to be
left alone.
OBITUARY: STEFAN MICHALAK
by Chris Rutkowski
30th October 1999
It is with great sadness that I report the passing of Stefan Michalak, last week, at age 83.
Michalak was known to ufologists as the witness in one of the most puzzling and well-documented CE2
cases on record. His close encounter with an unidentified craft in the Canadian wilderness in 1967 left
him physically scarred. Medical examinations by Canadian and American physicians could not offer a
definitive explanation of his wounds and aftereffects.
Until recently, despite the incredible amount of evidence in support of his claimed experience, there were
no explanations offered by skeptics regarding "what really happened." Only two published works have
dealt with the case in any detail, offering two greatly contrasting explanations. One skeptic simply noted
Michalak must have been a hoaxer, without addressing any of the case's major details, while the other
implied that Michalak must have been the victim of a secret aerospace experiment. Neither explanation
was satisfactory.
I first met Michalak as a youth, when one of my playmates told me his father had been burned by a flying
saucer. At the time, I was more interested in riding my bicycle and playing baseball with my school friends
than I was in my friend's father laying sick in his bed. When I reached university and began reading about
UFOs and other scientific controversies, I realized that no comprehensive study had ever been done on
Exhibit A-11
- 4-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 579, "chars": 3591, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stephen Michalak - Falcon Lake Close Encounter with UFO
what I believed to be the most significant UFO case in North America. I re-established contact with my
childhood friend and his family, and spent many hours talking with them about their shared experience. I
say shared experience, because Michalak's entire family was affected by what had occurred. They spoke
bitterly about their treatment at the hands of both media and investigators, and understandably wished
that the world would simply leave them alone. However, Michalak himself stubbornly refused to give in to
pressure, and boldly and tirelessly told visitors and callers about his experience. More significantly, he did
not alter the details of his story with each telling, and he did not believe he had seen a craft from another
world. He said, realistically, that he did not know what the object had been.
When Michalak went to the Mayo clinic following his experience, he went as an outpatient, since
Canadian medical insurance would not cover his expenses. But he, himself, wanted to know what was
wrong with him. One can ask, logically, why an alleged hoaxer would go to such trouble and expense.
Regardless, however, the psychiatric assessment of Michalak proved to be most interesting; the
examining physician found Michalak to be an exceptionally stable and well-adjusted individual, with no
psychopathology or indication he was prone to making up stories.
I remember one incident very well which indicates Michalak's character. When NBC flew his family and
myself to the set of Unsolved Mysteries, I had opportunity to spend many hours with his family. We talked
about many things, and I became further convinced that his family was as mystified by his experience as
anyone else. But the most telling event took place while they were filming him for the program.
Just before rolling film, the director wanted Michalak to relax and feel more comfortable in front of the
cameras. He began talking with him about the weather, his work, what Canada was like and other
nonchalant topics. Then, the director said, "Well, Steve, I guess your being burned by the UFO was the
most incredible thing that has ever happened in your life." To the surprise of everyone on the set,
Michalak answered, "Oh, no, it wasn't." Prodded further, Michalak bravely told the story of his experiences
in the Nazi death camps, speaking bluntly and unwaveringly about the atrocities he witnessed firsthand.
No one dared interrupt his story, and when he was finished, the set was filled with a stunned silence; the
Intre anare win such by era t
entire crew was awestruck. Later, one of the crew said to me,
"This guy is the most credible we've ever
interviewed. What's being burned by a flying saucer compared with Nazi ovens?" From that moment on,
Michalak was treated with much respect and dignity, justly deserved. The questioning regarding the UFO
turned from "Did it really happen?" to "What happened?"
I don't know what transpired that spring afternoon in the Canadian Shield. I know what Michalak told me,
and I know that he was not type of person to make up tall tales. I believe all investigating bodies were
truly puzzled by the case, and desperately grasped for straws that would answer some of the questions.
Michalak alone knew, and we may never have all our questions answered.
I offer condolences to his family, not only from myself but from the entire ufological community. I was
honoured to know Stefan Michalak, and he will be missed.
Chris Rutkowski, 30 October 1999.
www.chez.com/lesovnis/htm/michalak67.htm
Exhibit A-11
- 5-
