{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-24T19:19:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 10503525, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123606-witness-10943-amarillo-afb-arv-1957.pdf", "source_sha256": "f7e40f53ddc785270db79c40e3828da9b136278670e9e814fe07b4529ae5b8e8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2592, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 4
Subj:
Date:
From:
New Military Witness to UFO Activity : 3320th Air Police Squadron
7/10/2007 7:21:20 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Received from Internet: click here for more information
A Nu M
ARU
witnes
7|07
I was recently contacted by J
who had the following event to tell me to which he was personally
involved in. I think he would make a perfect addition to the Disclosure Project Witnesses and his testimony is well
worth recording.
It goes without saying
that I'm "sick" of hearing these large "well known" company names involved in the
UFO coverup. They are always "popping" up.
I'm sending this via gmail as it seems to bypass my being blocked from emailing you.
Story below. Please let me know if you wish to take this further and who I should put XX in contact with to be
added to the Disclosure Project Witness list.
Please email me a
as "you" can email me there but I can't reply from there. It's best to use my
normal email as I've only just signed up with gmail and don't have the screen up all the time.
Many thanks
The year was 1957. I was stationed at Amarillo Air Force Base at Amarillo, Texas. I was a military police
investigator, assigned to th
Air Police Squadron.
A select number in our squadron received orders to attend specialty firearm training at a highly
lassified location. We were told not to bring any type of photo equipment, note pads, pens or anything els
ther than the military fatigues on our backs. We were told to have our military ID, drivers license or othe
positive identification on our person at all times.
We met on the base at 9:00 A.M. and were promptly loaded on a military bus. We were told
by our leader (name withheld) that there would be no talking, once we reached to training facility, that
the location has one of the finest firing range facilities in the State of Texas.
That we would see a security force and security technology beyond our wildest dreams..
We were told that we would be searched and questioned by the security force on duty. That we must
answer the questions posed to us in a totally professional manner and speak only when we are spoken to!
That no matter what we see or think we see, there will be no discussion about it on the bus or after we
return to the base.
We were all shocked the extreme manner in which we received out instructions. What was the big deal, we
were only going to a firing range. What was so special about this range, as compared to others that had
received training from?
The bus traveled about thirty miles from the base on Highway 60, in the opposite direction of Amarillo,
Texas.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 658, "chars": 3806, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 4
We arrived at a massive facility that was completely fenced in and heavily patrolled by an elite security
force. This place appeared to about
the size of our military base. It was obvious, that the security there was greater than that at our base.
We entered a large guarded gate, where the bus rolled to a stop. One of the facility security guards got on
the bus and ordered our driver to get up and take a seat with the rest of us. This guard then drove the bus
to a large building, where a number of guards with clip-boards got on the bus.
Each and every member of our select squadron was physically searched and all ID was checked in great
detail. We were asked our military ID number, our social security number, our squadron number, where we
were born, and other personal information to include our marital status, etc!
We were told not to talk with each other and not to be to inquisitive about what we see that day.
Three security guards remained on the bus to include their designated driver. Our bus was escorted to the
firing range with a patrol unit both in front and rear of our bus.
Now this may shock you, but here it comes:
The facility that were on, was none other than the Proctor & Gamble Plant! Yes, I did say Proctor & Gamble
Plant.
Now, we were all very quiet, but I am sure the others along with myself was thinking:
"What in the hell would a soap manufacturer need with all this security?" It just did not make any sense at
all.
The most amazing thing about the ride, was the vast amount of manicured property that we could see. As
we dove along for miles, we saw at least fifty very large mounds that covered what looked like round aircraft
hangers. each were about half the size of a football field.
They were lined in perfect order about one-hundred yards apart and ran for miles and miles!
I was dying to ask the obvious question, but knew better. I am sure that one peep out of our mouth about
these mounds, would have resulted in removal from the bus and returned to the building where the security
force met us near the main gate.
After miles of riding, we arrived at an elaborate firing range, where we spent the greater part of the day firing
both standard 45 caliber issue handguns, automatic and semi-automatic rifles. The security force stayed
with us all day.
When we were finished, the bus driver returned us to the security base headquarters, where our military
assigned driver then took over control of the bus.
A very serious security supervisor stood at the front of the bus and gave us the following instructions:
What ever you saw or think you saw today, stays here.
You are not to discuss this facility with anyone on the base, friends or family.
This is a top-secret facility, protected by the federal government and that is all you need to know.
The security supervisor then returned all of our military ID cards, thanked us for our courtesy and got off the
bus.
We returned to Amarillo Air Force Base, and nobody talked about our most unusual trip.
A few months passed, and although I was off duty (at home), I was the Air Police Investigator on call. I was
watching television with my wife at about 8:30 P.M., when the local television stations news anchors
interrupted all programming to tell of a fascinating story in progress, at the Proctor & Gamble Facility.
The reporters told of what was reported to be a UFO, described as a flying-saucer type craft, that was
hovering above the ground at the facility.
As the story went on, witnesses were reporting to the news media, that a round, fully lit circle type aircraft
was hovering about fifty feet from the ground, inside the fenced area at Proctor & Gamble.
That the craft lights were very bright and colorful. Described as beautiful flickering lights of many colors.
Tuesday, July 10, 2007

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3587, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 4
I received a telephone call to report to the facility and to offer my assistance to the facility security in what
ever capacity they could use me.
It was a forty five minute drive, and the traffic became more congested the closer I got to the faculty. The
State Troopers had closed the highway (Route 60) in both directions. I was in plain clothes, but with my ID, I
was allowed to pass through the blockades.
I did manage to reach the Proctor & Gamble facility, but was unable to gain access to the property. On site
security was awesome!
I did identify myself to one of the gate security officers and did offer my assistance. I was still denied access
to the facility, but was sure as hell close enough to get a really good view of this space craft
The craft appeared to be having trouble at what looked like a landing to me. The craft was full lit and making
a very strange sound. More like an electrical humming sound, very loud and not a smooth sound. Like an
occasional mis-firing electrical transformer as best that I could describe it!
There were plenty of security vehicles that had formed a large circle around the outline of the craft, all with
their head lights and security lights flashing.
After about thirty minutes, the craft seemed to quieten down somewhat and started to lower itself closer to
the ground. Within minutes, the craft disappeared from sight and the craft lights ceased immediately. The
security vehicles (mostly P/UP Trucks) remained in their pattern for a good while before systematically
turning off their security lights and driving away.
At that point, I could no longer see the craft, because it was either on the ground or had lowered itself into
one of the large mounds that I had mentioned earlier.
The remainder of the night, the television stations were buzzing about this UFO sighting, and had
interviewed a number of witnesses.
One of the stations television cameramen did get some good footage, but the station never did run the
footage.
Within 24 hours, the news stations started to declare that it was not sure what the incident involved, but that
there was no conclusive evidence that any UFO was involved
I was told the next day, not to put anything in writing about the incident, because there was no direct
evidence that anything physical was sighted, other than the emergency lights of the facility security
vehicles. That Proctor & Gamble had denied anything unusual on their facility, other than heavy traffic on
the adjoining highway 60, which forced the facility security to put forth additional patrol units to protect their
boundaries.
The Amarillo Air Force Base Newspaper did not report anything about the incident, except to explain that
there was nothing unusual to report, and no physical evidence that anything occurred out of the norm!
Since this was reported by all the local television and radio stations as the event took place, there has to be
some record of this, someplace in the news media. It does not matter that this happened in 1957, it was just
to damn big, for everybody to completely cover up. There were to many witnesses to include me!
! hope this will help you, if you should decide to seek additional witness information. I just had to leave this
information with someone else, who shares a similar interest. I am seventy years of age, and I still
remember this entire episode as clear as if it happened yesterday.
I can prove that I was stationed there for four years, and that I was a full time Air Police Investigator for the
USAF
You can contact me at:
Tuesday, July 10, 2007
XXXX
XXXXXX
