{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:49:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1656590, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123685-bob-jacobs.pdf", "source_sha256": "40d2115d40cec5d7071e982af621563bba05f924d6103ba9b309efa25c31c99c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2789, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
!
LOW X
XS:
A Rejoinder
by
Dr. XXX
The January, 1989 issue of The MUFON Journal featured an article which I wrote. It was
called, "Deliberate Deception: The Big Sur UFO Filming." In that article I detailed having taken
part in an official U.S. Air Force cover-up of a UFO filming which I supervised in 1964. I told abou
XXX Xin the Headquarters, Ist Strategic
I wrote my article at the urging of my friend
and at the invitation of Walt
ndrus at MUFON, Inc. I did so because I thought the information I had to share was important t
serious students and investigators of the UFO phenomenon, because I thought it was important to
verify that the government of the United States had, indeed, covered up information about the
subject, at least in this one case to which I was a party, and because I found the whole thing
interesting from a number of intellectual and philosophical viewpoints. I spoke to some of these
issues in the article. Certainly, I saw no harm in it. The story was the truth so far as I knew it
I got a number of letters and inquiries in response to the article. Most were productive, even
from those who did not accept everything I said and who wished to debate points with me. I respect
informed and congenial debate. As a professional academician I find such activity to be very healthy,
in fact.
What I do not find healthy or productive is the malicious carping and adolescent ill-temper
, I first heard from this overbearing boor in a letter dated January 25, 1989 in
used at the Big sur site. Klass offered to pay me $25 dollars for my trouble and inferred that I should
hop to it and get this document sent to him so it would be at his home when he got back from a ski
trip with his wife.
I don't like being ordered around, especially by people I don't know. I didn't know
I from Adam's Ass at that time. I've come to wish that it had been the fabled donkey which
entered my life that January day in Maine instead of him. Since that time I have tried mightily to
the reason tor his bizarre antics is that my story is even bigger than I thought it was. There must be
some hidden agenda from which he is playing. The purpose of the article you're reading now is to
refute the allegations made about me by Mr. Klass, to illustrate the depth of the well of ignorance
from which he draws his screwy conclusions about me and my story and, hopefully, to put him and
his crude slanders out of my life for good. I really think the poor man needs to find something better
do with his retirement years than to persecute people who don't accept his viewpoint about t
ture of the universe and one of its myriad mysteri
In his self-published "keptics UFO Newsletter" dated Jan. 1993, Klass writes nearly two
full, single spaced pages about me and my story. His headline reads:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2712, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
"JOURNALISM PROFESSOR (AND FORMER USAF OFFICER MANUFACTURES' A
TALL
UFO TALE, THEN ACCUSES THE GOVERNMENT OF COVERING IT UP:"
The "journalism professor (and former USAF officer)" is me.
Now, I have no quarrel with anyone who wishes to propose an alternate version of what
happened that day in 1964, nor could I object to anyone presenting real evidence which proved, if
possible, that I was wrong in what I saw and what we photographed. X
XXXs does not
present facts, however, but insists on libeling me personally while attempting to assassinate my
character to discredit my story. This is a tactic which Klass seems to enjoy using, not only with
me, but with anyone with whom he disagrees. Because he can't prove witnesses wrong, he impugns
their character. He uses this nasty technique throughout his so-called "newsletter." It's an old,
vicious trick. Senator X
Xy of Wisconsin used it over and over until he was finally
exposed as a fraud and charlatan by
X and others.
back to school to learn about journalistic ethics, as well as the definition of the word "news" if he
intends to continue his publishing pretense, in my view. If he learned anything theretrom, it mugnt
save a lot of us from the venom of his Poison-Pen.
For the record, once more, I did not "manufacture" anything. The story I told was true. I
stand by it as it was accounted in The MUFON Journal. My story has been verified by the only
himself, the Air Force
I have.
There are several forms of proof which count in scientific enquiry. One of them is to have
From a letter 1o>
dated 1-30-1983:
"The Enquirer story is true except the year was 1964 not 1965. The camera
communication, but as yet have not enjoyed the two way communication we are
attempting. It will come soon."
From a letter to Peter Bons dated March 8, 1983:
"Dr.
opened a pandora's box and in the last few months I have been
bombarded with phone calls and letters. I try to answer the sincere ones. First, the
Enquirer story was true except the date was 1964. I was in Vietnam in '65. Telescopic
photography of that magnitude makes sizes undeterminable. We knew the missile size
but could not compare since we did not know how far from the missile the 'object' was
at time of beam release. Maneuverability was also at question for the same reason.
Propulsion was plasma like but not probable. In such gravity, plasma induced speed
and maneuverability would not seem possible. From clarity, action and situation in
the film, the assumption was, at that time, extraterrestrial. Details would be sketchy
and from memory, the shape was classic disc, the center seemed to be a raised bubble,
not sure any ports or slits could be seen but was stationary, or moving slightly-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1876, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i
3
floating over the entire lower saucer shape, which was glowing and 'seemed' to be
rotating slowly. At the point of beam release- if it was a beam, it, the object, turned
like an object required to be in a position to fire from a platform—- but again, this
could be my own assumption from being in aerial combat... There is one thing going
on which may bring more to light soon. Howard University is into computer scanning
for extraterrestrial signals from worldwide information gathered from amounts of
From a letter 1o X
dated 11-28-91:
"This letter will verify that the entire UFO story as printed on the front page of
he Oct. 12, 1982 National Enquirer is true and factual as was the UFO cover-up stor
n page 87 of the Jan 1985 issue of Omni Magazine.'
In reference to discussions between the civilian agents who took the film and the 1st Stratad
Chief Scientist, Mansmann also comments in this letter 1o X
"There was mention of not including this incident on 'blue paper' which I
lid not understand at the time, but which I now feel he lone of the civilian secre
And FINALLY, to me on 1-30-85:
"So verification is not a question. Your story as I told everyone is true."
doesn't know a damn
Air Force officer made real sacrifices of his personal safety and health for the love of his country while
people like Phil Klass sat on their smug pseudo-skepticism with their smart mouths, becoming self:
Klass concludes his garbage barrage at me by saying:
"After publication of
‹s wild Big Sur UFO tale in the National Enquirer,
he wrote to his former boss,
XX
Xon January 14, 1985 to explain
what had prompted him to write the article. Jacobs said he first tried, unsucessfully,
to sell the article to Omni magazine. 'As a poor teacher in an impoversihed state
Wisconsin], I then sold it to The Enquirer to pay a few bills. Jacobs reportedly receiver
$500 for his article."

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 1928, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
Mansmann was never my "boss". He was a senior officer working in a related duty to mine i
another Command. Second, I was not implying, as J
correspondence, and publish it, why not reveal what I REALLY discussed in that same letter
Here's what Klass did NOT see fit to print
I wrote the letter to share some thoughts about the topic of the UFO incident with an old
had told me that Mansmann was afraid of
anda terg. I gote Missile Insignia For that one ou and ain know alst lisame sic
exists today on Anderson Peak. From it we see the shuttle enter California airspace! The
Air Force can ONLY deny things, it seems. And, like the Russians and the Nazis, when
hey deny the truth and then the truth comes out in public, how can they expect our citizen
o have trust and confidence in the institutions we have erected to serve us
"Given that, as you put it to me at the time, 'this never happened' [referring to the
fler the filming of a 'warning shot', must we still fear 'reprisal' for seeking answers to whi
nay be the innermost secrets of the cosmos itself
"I'm only a humble school teacher and alfalfa farmer in Wisconsin. I could
disappear tonight. Only my fiance, my dog and a few close friends would notice. Because 1
am an American, I don't fear such 'reprisal", however. Perhaps it is because I am a very
naive American? Perhaps it's because our government has done such a very good job of
making 'nut-cases' out of anyone who reports a UFO that my credibility is shot and nobody
"Certainly there are a large number of 'fringies'; true deluded or psychotic people
"And all this leads me to question; why all of this idiotic cover-up? They are here,
aren't they? We know it. The Russians know it. The South Africans and Pakistanis know
it. Every kid in the third grade knows it. Reagan with his 'Star Wars' nonsense knows it.
So what's all the 'fear of reprisal' business. Steven Spielberg told us all about it, for God's

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3516, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
sake. Do we have to hear it at Disneyland?! Do guys like Lee Graham have to ferret out the
truth to convince their buddies that they aren't nuts?"
I also made the following comment in that letter, and wonder why Klass made no reference to this:
"Philosophically, however, I have to wonder at our arrogance in assuming that if
contact from interstellar intelligence HAS taken place, that it has only taken place with us.
The technology to which you and I were witness, the technology recorded on that few feet
of film, indicates orders of magnitude from our relatively primitive efforts in mechanics,
propulsion and possibly quantum physics as well. Such intelligence might be suspected to
regard us as little more than savages: ALL of us on this planet. I might even in my more
retrospective moments, regard that beam of light. no, THOSE BEAMS of light on our film
as a WARNING. A shot fired across the bow, so to speak, of our nuclear silliness ship. I
have a true account, told me by another former Air Force guy of a VERY close encounter in
1957 at one of our SAC bases in the Atlantic. I'11 relate it to you in person one day, I
hope."
Now, THAT is what my letter to Mansmann was about. It was about truth and care and
cone nana rote sin eaties alic resignores in crispit on are haracted by chas this.
"newsletter" item
First, he quotes only from the first report of my incident which was published in The
National Enquirer in 1982. While the essential facts of the story are accurate in that report, it does a
dise, Is on a out in the co no characted at mender inade into a a real
was the only publication which would take my piece in 1982. I tried having it published in a
number of more respectable periodicals, with no success. And while the writing style was change
›y The Enquirer' rewrite staff so dramatically that I can recognize very little of it as my own (eg:
would NEVER say phrases like, "At the time of the mind-boggling encounter..") the facts I reported
are the facts of the case, all except for the date which I clarify in my MUFON Journal report; a report
written entirely by me and me alone, in my own words and my own style.
I make a point in this second article, in fact, of saying that those who wish to debunk,
defame, ridicule and defuse actual, unexplained UFO encounters, could rely on the tabloid tactor as
art of their tactic of defamation; a tactic which Klass is obviously using now. Why, I must as
oes he not use the MUFON Journal piece as the basis for his critique
Klass reports, correctly, that on January 25, 1989 he wrote to me for the Kingston George
report which I had referenced in my MUFON article, and that I refused to give it to him. There's a
reason why I referenced it and a reason why I refused to turn over it, or anything else I might have
had, to Phillip J. Klass. First, the original point of the reference:
When my article appeared in The Enquirer, several researchers began to sock verification.
These included a staff member from The National Enquirer, T. Scott Crain, Lee Graham, John
Andrews and others. Lee Graham was the most persistent. As these researchers went to work, in
sequence the Air Force did the following
[a] Denied that I ever had been in the Air Force.
(Then were forced to admit their error)
[bl Denied that I had been in the 1369th Photographic Squadron at Vandenberg Air Force
Base.
(Then were forced to admit their error)
[c] Denied that I had anything to do with the Image Orthicon telescope.
(Then were forced to admit their error)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2735, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
6
Id] Denied that I had anything to do with establishing a tracking site at Big Sur, California.
(Then were forced to admit their error)
[e] Denied the existence of a tracking site at Big Sur, California.
(Then were forced to admit their error)
I Denied that there were any Atlas F or Atlas D launches from Vandenberg during any of
the times I said that the incident may have occured.
(Then were forced to admit their error)
[g] Denied that there were any malfunctions of any missiles launched during the period of
the Image Orthicon/B.U. Telescope operation
AND - were forced to admit their error when I referenced the official, Air Force preliminary
report by Kingston A. George which said, "..One powered-flight anomaly was observed, and the
overage of the flights has produced enough data to show that Big Sur photography could b
in important adjunct to other instrumentation.'
That, and that alone was the reason for my reference. The Air Force had said that were no
anomalies. George's report refuted that by saying that there had been at least one. I never said nor
implied that the Kingston George report affirmed that we had photographed a UFO. Klass implies
that's exactly what I did, and once again, Klass is wrong.
As for character: Consider why I refused to give Klass my copy of the report. When he
wrote in January of 1989 demanding that I hand over to him my private papers, I wasn't sure who he
was. When I asked him for references, he gave me the names of two people as follows:
"However, 'to put [your] mind at rest' as to my bonafides as a loyal American
citizen, you have my permission to make inquiry to the following:
(1) Adm. B. R. Inman (USN, Ret.)
XXXX
Adm. Inman was deputy director of the CIA during the early years of the Reagan
Administration. Prior to that he was director of the National Security Agency, and before
that he was Deputy Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
(2) Lt. Gen. Daniel O. Graham, Director
XXXX:
Gen. Graham was director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and before that
was deputy director of the CIA.
Both men have worked with me and gotten to know me in my efforts for Aviation
Week."
Put yourself in my position now. I had published an article charging that the CIA, or some
other secret agency of the government, had been instrumental in covering up the documenting of a
FO, that I had been ordered to be part of a cover-up in connection with that incident, and had now
written about it. Then- along comes some chipmunk demanding that I turn over material to him and
referring me to Bobby Inman and Daniel Graham to soothe my anxiety! The last outfit in the world
to which I would turn for verification of a source or the legitimacy of a UFO "researcher" would be

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1687, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
Then, in a little research of my own, I discovered in a newsletter, entitled, FOR YOUR
of Citizens Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) and a former field agent for the National Security Agency
(NSA). Articles about him have appeared in OMNI, TV GUIDE and PARADE magazines..
I contacted my attorney immediately, and he advised me to have nothing to do with Klass
or any of his people, since they might be trying to set me up for some sort of violation. In a lette
dated April 3, 1989 I told Mr. Klass politely to go away and leave me alone, as follows
I had cited my source properly, given him the name of it and its author and its date. That'
all that ANY scholar needs to do. Klass wanted me to do his research for him, and I chose not to
play his game. And that should have ended it. Unfortunately, it did not
Mr. Klass went after my job at the University of Maine, trying to discredit me in an attack
which might well have had me disciplined academically, if not fired! This fit of pique was prompted
directly by my refusal to turn over the Kingston George document. Writing to my chairman,
ofessor R. Steven Craig in the Department of Journalism and Broadcasting, Klass began his tirade
"Dear Prof. Craig:
I am writing to bring to your attention what seems to me to be unbecoming
Klass then "introduced" himself as a "graduate electrical engineer turned technical
journalist" and explained that his "hobby for more than 22 years has been investigating seemingly
mysterious, inexplicable UFO incidents and applying my technical training and journalistic skills to
find prosaic/earthly explan-ations."
He says that he became interested in my "claim" of having photographed a UFO, referencing

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3536, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
"I understand why Jacobs is reluctant to release this report. Based on my
research, I'm confident the report would reveal that his 'UFO tale' is a cock-and-bull
story.
If Jacobs were a young journalist working for the National Enquirer, or one of
its even less scrupulous clones, I might be more tolerant of his behavior. But when a
professor of journalism, who publicly accuses the USAF and U.S. Government o)
coverup, resorts to intentional distortion of the facts to mislead his readers and then t
- coverup, I am deeply distressed
I hope that you share my feelings
Sincerely
(original signed by)
Phillip J. Klass"
I Tip in otis mire of toni and moraly see to area an a by is ase
me, discredited and fired from his profession and his livelihood! What kind of a perverted mind
would try to destroy a man's career simply because that man would not jump when it said boo?? |
mised my rely an antency slaverous. o this venomous, ile do ting and intones pi
" as this venomous, misleading and distorted epistle of
My freelance writing and publishing activities, just like my career in the Air Force and the
events of that day in 1964, have absolutely nothing to do with my present career as a dedicated,
well-respected, and legitimate university professor. What right has Phillip Julian Klass to contact
my boss over a matter like this? This bizarre behavior lends credence in my mind to Zechel'sreport
about Klass, justifying fully my reticence to have anything to do with him. If it weren't so serious i
its potential consequences, this episode might have been funny. It was not. It is not
Such behavior is dangerous and despicable. Universities are highly vulnerable institutions
where any report or insinuation of misconduct on the part of a faculty member must result in the
institution taking that report seriously and undertaking an investigation of the accused. Unlike in the
world at large in this country, in Universities we are presumed guilty until proven innocent in these
Politically Correct times. Klass caused me considerable embarrassment and grief before I cleared my
record of these charges, as I'm confident he intended. I ignored him then, feeling it best to let
In the final blow, in his "Skeptics.." report, Klass comes to his intended coup de grace. It
turns out, Klass reveals, that Kingston A. George himself has written an article in the Winter, 1993
issue of Skeptical Enquirer, published by CSICOP (Committee for the Scientific Investigation of
Claims of the Paranormal). Klass is, of course, a member of this organization. So are James Oberg
and The Amazing Randi (professional magician and debunker, James Randi). It is reasonable to
vas reporis as rollows about the George bicle
part in getting Kingston George to write his articl
"On Sept. 22, 1964, * an Atlas ICBM was launched shortly before down and the
small rockets intended to release its 'warhead" and two decoys seemed to function
roperly. (Contrary to Jacobs' claims, the warhead did not 'tumble into the Pacific Ocea
undreds of miles short of its target.") But the motion pictures obtained with the ne
mage orthicon were analyzed and they revealed that when the decoys were released the
vere accompanied by a small cloud of debris. Unless this was corrected, George wrot
'the soviets could defeat our ICBM decoys by using a few telescopes on mountain peaks in
the USSR.'
..As a result of this important discovery, George reports in his article, 'Everyone
who was at the telescope site or had seen the film had to be ident-ified. All, including

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 684, "chars": 4099, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
eant. Each was cautioned not to mention what was on the film to anyone and not
scuss it with others-- even fellow workers who had originally seen it at the same tim
None of us had more than a guess at the meaning, and the civilian intelligence experts
who did the 'debriefing' gave no hints. Weeks later, my clearance level was increased to
allowed to stence hims again and analyze them. I don't think Bob Jacobsever gained the
Therefore, I believe him when he reports seeing the film taken from a flight on September 22, 1964
and that he later analyzed that film with the results he feels free to discuss here. Whether or not ther
s much credence to a concern that the soviets might have been able to defeat "our ICBM decoys b
using a few telescopes on mountain peaks in the USSR", I leave up to the reader to decide. For my
part, the vision of a forest of telescopes trained on the skies 24 hours a day looking for a "small
As anyone who has followed this incident knows, I have had trouble fixing the exact date of
the launch. This is not deliberate on my part, but simply a matter of inexact records. The launch in
question may have happened on September 22nd. It may be the same one Kingston George
describes. But there are discrepancies in his memory and mine. First, the launch we photographed
was NOT predawn. It was broad daylight. The radar chaff, a "cloud of debris"
, was part of the
package. The object which flew into the frame was a solid craft, saucer shaped, and not a "cloud of
debris." George may be talking about another incident entirely since, according to my records, the
most probable dates were either September 2, 3 or 15, 1964. If the date was September 22nd, then
he is not discussing the same portion of the flight which I am.
In a letter 1o T. Scott Crain, Jr. dated May 6, 1987, as reported in Crain's MUFON Journal
article referenced above, Mansmann comments on statements by an Air Force spokesman to OMNI
Magazine writer, Eric Mishara. The spokesman is quoted as saying, "We have no documentation of
a UFO incident...The dummy warhead hit the target." Mansmann responded:
"If the Air Force spokesman did review a close-dated launch and saw nothing, it
could not have been the launch that perpetrated such quick security action."
Klass claims that "the security classification of the movies taken by Jacobs was quickly
upgraded from 'Secret' to "Top Secret'" and so, as George puts it, "I don't think Bob Jacobs ever
gained the required clearance." Security clearances in the military are granted on a per project and a
"need-to-know" basis. I had a "Top Secret" clearance a number of times. The fact is that I DID see
the film I discussed, so 1 must have been cleared for it. Mansmann says I saw it! But, this is not the
real issue. The film which I'm discussing had NO SECURITY CLEARANCE. You may recall that
we were told, "It never happened." If it never happened in fact, then it cannot have been classified
In an article called UFO FILMED CIRCLING ATLAS ROCKET by T. Scott Crain, Jr. in
the September 1988 issue of The MUFON Journal, pg. 10, Mansmann confirmed the number of
times he viewed the film, and with whom else he did so, to wit:
"...once in my quality control review and editing for the General with only one of his
:
staff: once in review with the Chief Scientist and his assistant; once for the Commandins
General with only one of his staff; and a fourth time with the Chief Scientist, his
assistant, the three government men and Bob Jacobs."
I must point out that NOT ONE of these people was Kingston A. George. I think it highly
possible that Kingston George never viewed this film since he was not on site the day it was
photographed. If he did "analyze" this film, it was not with the limited group which Mansmann
references and George is still not talking about the UFO footage which I saw, but obfuscating the
issue with this story of another, relatively mundane incident. The film images which I saw and those
reported by Kingston George via Phil Klass, are NOT the same things! Speaking about his fina
histeral
606085
Vardenterg
spagagram

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 644, "chars": 3666, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* =
10
turnover of the film in question to the agents that day, Dr. Mansmann told T. Scott Crain, Jr.,
"They did not sign out for all the footage but took out that part that showed the encounter * and
returned the rest of the film to me as a 'complete' package."
* emphasis added by Jacobs
also would have been visible plainly to 'a few telescopes on mountain peaks in the USSR.'
-
Klass in his vitriolic attacks on the character of good men must not be tolerated. It is the epitome of
evil in a free society where the open exchange of ideas and information is paramount to the survival
of that freedom. Klass is certainly within his rights to investigate, to do his own "research," and to
publish his own views on any topic of his choice. Florenz Mansmann and I were in the Air Force,
along with millions of other veterans over the decades, to defend those rights of his. I expect him to
observe the same rights in others, however, and not to resort to slander and libel and the manu-
facture of "tall tales" of his own to assassinate the character of those with whom he disagrees. We
have clear laws against such conduct, and I shall be only too happy to invoke them if Mr. Klass
persists in defaming me personally.
This concludes what I have to say about the incident at Big Sur. I have told my story and
given the documentation for it. Mr. Klass and Mr. George believe that there is another explanation
for what I saw than that which I report. Others have offered their opinions, too over the years since I
came forth from the the dark of covering it up. Someone I believe to be James Oberg, another
professional "debunker," sent me a copy of an article "proving" to his satisfaction that the UFO was
the planet Venus. Before that he sent me a copy of another document which he had found, con-
tending that it was the moon. While in the Air Force I photo-graphed both Venus and the moon in
missile shots a number of times. Both Florenz Mansmann and I are extremely familiar with what
those pictures look like. The image on film about which I report here was neither of these celestial
bodies! When I first submitted the article to OMNI Magazine back in 1982, the editor wrote back to
inform me with his rejection notice that they were not interested in "points of light" and that the Air
they got the information for that one is beyond me! Maybe OMNI reporter, Eric Mishara or Harry
Lebelson, formerly of OMNI can speak 1o this anomaly. I can't.
And finally, it the film, as Kingston George implies is now unclassified, then why in the
world has it not been released to the numbers of solid researchers like Lee Graham, and T. Scott
Crain, Jr. and Eric Mishara and OMNI Magazine and others who have filed FOIA actions to see it?
Every one of these enquiries has been greeted with the same response by the U.S. Air Force; the film
does not exist. If it does and if it is released, there are two people who can verify whether or not it is
the one which they saw that September day in 1964 at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Phil Klass and
Jim Oberg are not included in this exclusive list, I'm afraid. The witnesses are Dr. Florenz J.
Mansmann and Dr. Robert M. Jacobs. And I'm certain that I speak for both of us when I say that we
would welcome that opportunity to put this thing to rest once and for all. Until then the evidence
Mr. Klass can believe whatever pleases him. What he may not do is to accuse me of
having "manufactured a tall tale" or of "covering it up." Such charges are utterly and absolutely false
and the kind of conduct that brought them forth is unacceptable both in scholarly research and
common, polite discourse. He is, in short, a liar.
-30-
