{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T19:59:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 712530, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123658-letter-from-witness-10577.pdf", "source_sha256": "224353c30050b5501c294b8350cdd53cecb4873d362f689877dead77885bd21a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3094, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Greer:
You won't remember, but two years ago we spoke about an incident that occured around the beginning of
November, 1992. I told you about project "Illumination by Elimination". I also told you about NBC's
Dateline doing a story on hackers called XX
XXXXX"on OCT 27, 1992, which was
reported by
X. currently of FOX NEWS
The events that occured that week led to a massive
wave of phone calls to the
featuring
X
ANYWAY....
We were discussing my telling of the bizarre stories of that week in your DISCLOSURE PROJECT. I
indeed communicated back and forth with XX
many times over trying to substantiate what I had
lived. NBC does not have that particular episode of Dateline on file, X
has not returned any
correspondance efforts, and the X
> show does not archive back that far. The producer at NBC,
XXX
X who I was working with to unveil the governments secret files on UFO's which appeared in
the hacker story cannot be located. In short, the most amazing, frightening, and reality shattering event in my
life is only a memory...one that can't be proven, except for the fact that my wife and I lived it.
What I didn't tell you at that time is that I documented most of what actually occured and 'factionally'
created what could have been the outcome in 1996 in the form of a screenplay that was looked at very
seriously by NEW LINE FILMS. Specifically, X
× Productions. He was at the time
the head of NEW LINE LEGAL AFFAIRS. He also was
Kroducer of "
script titled,
It began with the exact story I lived, including getting in touch with
the networks, contacting
X, and going on national radio with the story that the Pentagon was preparing
a faux war in space which would allow President Bush to announce that aliens are real and he had negotiated
a treaty to spare the planet, just to win the upcoming election. I was asked to write the script with
X in mind. In doing so, I gave him a)
type of character, being the Austrian born
caretaker of 7 guest aliens which were going to be 'sacrificial lambs' in the deception. Without going into
more detail, I have recently seen many references to scripts of this nature popping up in prophetic ways. I
never mentioned it at the time because I didn't want you to think that I was interested in using you in any
way to promote the script and I'm not at this time. I just wanted to toss another possible prophetic piece to
your puzzle into the mix. I'm sending a copy of the script to prove that at least that much is true. It was
registered at the LA Writers Guild of America in
well in advance of any of the current wave of media
I don't expect you to read the entire script, the last 70 pages are completely my imaginative ranting, but the
first thirty or so are straight from the pages of my life in October of 92.
In light of the anniversary of 9.11, my prayers are that these events in these many scripts are indeed just the
creations of fertile minds,....but I know what happened to me..and I fear what nearly happened to all of us
and may in the future. God bless and protect you in your colossal endeavors.
see file a tuanscupra scirpr,
