{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:53:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 792235, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123651-ralph-steiner-hollywood-movies.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb32e321ebd7ee4f0ae274cda855398cad5e8de4d29ecf9b1f3426c6967a4dd9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 626, "chars": 4049, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMER MOVIES
SPACE INVADERS
Fireworks flame as aliens attack Earth in $65 Million Independence Day'
BYDAN YAKIR
SPECIAL TO THE CHRONICLE
directions for maximum expo-
New York
•= sure. y
It's a steamy summer day, but
Goldblum appears a bit dazed,
thousands of New Yorkers pay
having arrived from the West
no attention to the heat They
* Coast fust a few hours. before
are facing the crists of a ifetime:
shooting
But hisigrasp on the
Aliens have Invaded and are
movie and his character is firm:
about to turn their town Into rub-
"This scene Is something, isn't
ble. People are throwing suitcas
1t7" he says. "All this chaos with
es and packages out of windows.
thousands of panicky people try-
An Intersectlon in Soho is teem-
Ing to leave town - and I'm the
ing with bumper-to-bumper traf-
only one who knows that there's
fic full of panicky locals trying to
this countdown and that they're
get out. In all this mayhem;
really golng to strike at a particu
though, one cyclist seems to have
lar time*;. *
something else on his mind as he
pedats agatnst traffic. !
According to Goldblum, the
movie assumes that the Roswell
Location Shooting
- Incident of the 19305 — when a
UFO allegedly crash-landed in
"Cut," yells director Roland
Jeff Goldblum!
¡ Arizona — is true,
''We go Into
Emmertch, wiping his brow He's,
Con the New
Area 51 in Roswell and see the
just finished a day df shooting on
his $65 million science-fiction ex-
York set of «
ship thats sill teere and the pre-
travaganza, "Independence Day!"
independence
served corpses of the aliens" he
The title is also the date of tha
'Day'
says.,.
film's allen invasion. the movie t
itself is scheduled to open on July de i To those watching the shoot,
mayhem and,
movie -stars,
this
Innocent Thrills
3. The thousands of fleeing New
there is no sign of aliens. They'll spaceships, and computer tech it
huge scale chaos Is a novelty, It*
be added later by speclal effects? nology to composite people and?
only because most film makers
The thrills of "Independence
shed hese types of scenes in the the very beginning I said,
beginning I safda-"No
Calm and composed, the Ger which 15 mile wider spaceships i
blood,' " Emmertch says. "ThIs 1s
man-born
Emmerich
explans
that the cyclist is a cable compa. *
will be superimposed le
ber a summer event film that means
of New Yorkers, fascinated bylfllmed In a LosAngeles studio,'t to be fun; we were very careful
ny employee who discoverssome
When New York, Los Angeles z the maybem and confuston being but this Tocatfon shoot is indis
not to
brutalize an audience
thing wrong with the signal and "and Washington, D.C., explode in -- filmed in thel midst Even; for pensable. New York has a unique
that's already seen too many nas-
is first to detect the allens.
41a dramate seminute segment a a are to t
savvy locals who are used to bothriflair and Emmerich Is reluctant
ty movies!"
SERVICES/OFFICES
BUSINESS
TO
BUSINESS
Spring
HOME FURNISHINGS
(San Francisco Mart
Working for you
throughout the week
Advertisers, reach the
decision-makers while they're at "
their oflices and in a business
frame of milad. Use
"Busness 10-Busing duriag the"
week as woll as on Sundays and
send your message to more than
2.7 million polentia, customers.
Call (415) 777-7335 today to
place your ad in the business?
goods and services ciearinghouse.,
You'il catch the eye of the Bay
Area's top movers and shakers.
we Wholesale Showrooms
151*1%
i Open to the Public
perfOne Day Only
1240฿
Exceptional saving's on 100's of home furmishings:
« sofas, accessories, bedroom'sets, chalis,
coffae tables, dining room sets,
* entertalnment centers, desks & more.
$5.00 Entrance Fee+™
(Benefts the LFDA Educationat
programa,
• Parking at SFM Gärage off 10th
Street and surrounding fots.
Only Visa/Mastorcard accopted
in solact bhowrooms.
American Express not accopted.
$900
• Delivèry Service avallable.
iperper.
EQUIPMENT/SUPPLISS !
Saturday, May 18m
9 a.m. -5 p.m.
SAN
FRANCISCO MART
1355 Market Strect (btwn: 9th and 10th Sts.)
San Francisco, CAL 94103* 1415/552-2311»
1 Croa

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3622, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMER MOVIES
Charlie.! •
Sheen in the
psycho-te
logical,
*thriller
FRIGHT FEST
'Tis the season for, Höllywood to scare audiences silly with aliens and natural disasters
BY RUTHE STEIN
railer already, is shov
ving everywhere, The 15-mlle-wide
SerTwister: Is a perfect example or hat he calt "the » articulated spaceships in which the alien troops arrive are
¿ anticipatory fear", that draws audences to these movies to pretty impressive, as are the shots of the White House
"You are there, and you are seelng the twister" coming | Capitol and Empire State Bulding belng blown up. For al!
enjoy the warra weather, here comes Hollywood with y right äfter you just like the big fir in Jaws Its the kind of Use a datoriacs, to ee. 1950s Buck Borers Saturday
a warning: It's dangerous out there.
like a, throwback to the
1950g Buck Rogers Saturday
Of all the formulas for summer movies, scaring audiN You re'sitting safély in four cozyse
serial be so
ences out of thel seats remains the most durable: Sharks, no
SILTA sense of impending doom before the allens arrive is
dinosaurs and King Kong are some of the creatures tott moute seat and that's scarf on the created by hovering objects that cast shadows over the
Have roamed the big screen in summers past, shredding dharat tr
nerves along with various limbs. Every natural or unnatu-s Screen is one stage removed, you 4
screen, There's the obligatory scene in which the experts
well. aster known to man has been vivaly porryed as can bicartousty pull yourleg aay,
darkened moyle house.
Hens more air seated a rom the thanks ao th time Tv
In to protect the population. In the trailer, WIll Smith, as a
crack Marlne fighter plot, 1s shown practically jumping
out of his seat. whlle walting for hts orders. I'm really
anxious to get up there and whip E.T. 2-.
" he says,
about monstrous cyclones, written by Michael Crichton,
weekend, getting a jurp on summer, is a 570 million saga thing 10-year-old boys llke to see to show their bravado"sy referring to the lovable creature in the 1982 movle
whoterrified everybody a few summers back with "Juras ?
Misince summier is'such a benign season so much may
sic Park." His new movle follows storm chasers whose job.
hem may appear misplaced But this Is when young people as In the early moves about an Invasion from outer
space, the allen beings were always villains, but in Steven
tistostay ahead of a deadly twister, Naturally, they don twarejoutyof, achool,t andy Hollywood counts on them to
Splelberg's "ET. The Extra-Terrestrlal" and "Close En-
always get there in time, so there are scenes of viets.
eing ripped out of storra cellars and nattened underely Big name morte stars arentia necessary, ture to get j olent and sweet. That became the cliche. In a sense, were
And coming soon: space ales nya earl ate on congo the rel mer mies sar is arora pried independencel Dear
destroying it in "Independence Day" and "The Arral" Helen Hunt and Bill. Paxton are the fornado chasers in
As the anclent Greeks knew, I's cathartic to watch their wister" Jeff Goldblumistars In Independence Day."
•* But thé real models for the movle, according to Devlin,
other guy get it, "You're siting safely in your cozy movie & Seary summer movies are becoming his speclalty Gold-fe were, the disaster moves of the- 1070s such as "Faril
eat and what's seary on the screen is one stage removed, fibium also was in "Jurassic Park."
¿quake" and "The Towering Interno.' "SInce those movles,
sald Francis Rigney, retired San francisco, psychiatrist
everybody has a home video camera; therefore, every
3 bit ther
SCARY MOVIESA Pape 37
ALEA
MAY 12, 1995

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1266, "chars": 7886, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCARY MOVIES
From Page 35
type of natural and unnatural disaster has been captured on
videotape, so people have actually seen those things,
" Devlin
said. "To truly create the 'event' feeling of the old disaster
movies, we had to create a worldwide disaster in a way that
not only has never been seen, but would be impossible to
ever see. So we chose a worldwide alien invasion."
Aliens Up to No Good
'Aliens also are up to no good in "The Arrival," which
opens May 31. A radio astronomer, played by Charlie Sheen,
is obsessed with listening for signs of life in space, Late one
night he hears a clear radio transmission from space. Writ-
er-director David Twohy calls his movie "the flip side" of a
NASA project to terraform Mars to make it more like Earth
so humans could live there.
In "The Arrival," "the aliens are already terraforming
Earth to make it more inhabitable for to their needs and less
inhabitable to our needs," said Twohy, a science-fiction buff
who wrote "Alien" and "Waterworld."
"Independence Day" and 'The Arrival" are the first of a
rash of movies about extraterrestrials attempting to destroy
civilization. Tim Burton is directing "Mars Attack!" — a
major-cast (Jack Nicholson, Annette Bening, Pierce Bros-
han) invasion epic due out at Christmas. It's based on a set of
trading cards that came out in 1962 and had parents com-
plaining because of the gruesome pictures of aliens annihi-
lating humans and animals. Other hostile-alien-takeover
movies in production: "Starship Troopers," "DNA" and
"Men in Black."
These movies come at a time of heightened interest in
aliens. More people claim to have seen unidentified flying
objects. Late-night talk radio is filled with chatter about
these phenomena, and TV shows such as "The X-Files" play
on that interest,
The new films also may have been inspired by the recent
discoveries of Jupiter-size planets by San Francisco State
astronomer Geoffrey Marcy and his colleague, Paul Butler.
"Suddenly we have proof of other worlds on which the
blochemistry of life can flourish," Marcy said.
"These
worlds may harbor our cosmic cousins evolved from the
same womb of the natural laws that gave birth to life on
Earth.".
The negative portrayal of aliens on the screen bothers
Alex Filippenko, an astronomy professor at UC Berkeley.
"These movies incorporate our own aggressive natures. We
could easily destroy ourselves. We don't need aliens to do it,"
he said.
Technologically Advanced
His theory is that in order to travel to earth, visitors from
another planet would have to be "really technologically
advanced" and therefore probably pretty civilized. "They
will simply be curious about us and not want to take us
over."
That scenario wouldn't make much of a scary summer
movie. But there are always natural disasters for film mak-
ers to fall back on. Production is about to start on not one
but two movies about volcanic eruptions.
%.
Dennis Quaid and friend in 'Dragonheart'
directed by Harold Ramis, is an oddball fantasy comedy.
Overwrought husband Doug (Michael Keaton) has himself
cloned and throws his wife (Andie MacDowell for several
loops.
Good for curiosity and fun, "The Adventures of Pinocchio"
(July 26) stars Jonathan Taylor Thomas ("Home Improve-
ment) as the puppet in this live-action version (with help
from Jim Henson's creatures). Martin Landau plays Gepetto.
"Jack" (August 7), starring Robin Williams as a 10-year-
old boy with a medical condition that causes his body to age
In the middle of all the diversity in
this year's summer movies for kids,
look for plenty of silliness
four times the normal rate, was directed by Francis Ford
Coppola and filmed in the Bay Area.
"Kingpin" (June 26) may roll past very young kids with its
PG-13 rating. The comedy from the makers of "Dumb &
Dumber" stars Woody Harrelson as a down-on-his-luck,
small-town bowling champ who meets an innocent Amish
farmer (Randy Quaid) who is secretly a bowling addiet. Bill
Murray co-stars.
Murray gets top billing in "Larger Than Life" (July 19), as a
guy who inherits an 8,000 pound elephant named Vera who
can land him some cash if he can get her across the country
in five days. It's not easy.
In "House Arrest" (July 26), a teenager and his 10-year-old
sister learn their parents Jamie Lee Curtis and Kevin Pol-
Bill Paxton and Helen Hunt, as Bill and Jo Harding, flee from a tornado in "Twister'
lack) are about to split up, so they decide to lock them in the
basement. Other kids in the neighborhood love the idea and
lock up their parents, too.
"First Kid" (due in August) stars Sinbad as a Secret Ser-
HIT PREDICTIONS
vice agent in charge of the president's son (Brock Pierce).
Going through adolescence at the White House is far from a
snap.
"Alaska" (August 14) is a wilderness adventure drama
aimed at young audiences. It's about a teenage brother and
sister who brave the wilds to rescue their pilot dad after his
plane crashes. They also befriend a polar bear cub. Fraser C.
Heston directed the film, which features his dad, Chariton.
"The Stupids" (August 30) is about America's most stupld
family, led by Tom Arnold. It's based on the popular chil-
dren's books by Henry Allard and James Marshall. The kids
are named Bug and Petunla and the famlly dog is Kitty. .
Some offbeat films that might hit with teenagers are
"Cold Comfort Farm" (May 24), a send-up of Jane Austen
genre novels starring Stella Gibbons as a young heroine sent
to a Sussex farm, and "Joe's Apartment" (July 26), about a
young man (Jerry O'Connell) who moves from Iowa to New
York and finds he has 50,000 six-legged roommates in the
form of cockroaches. It's based on an MTV short and fea-
tures live-action and animation.
Literate kids might relish the adaptation of Truman
From Page 34
acter shadings of that earlier film. Ellen Barkin co-stars
as a sports announcer, and the dynamics of the three
stars could make for a winner.
Meg Ryan Cast Against Type
• "Courage Under Fire" (August 2): Denzel Washing-
ton plays an Army colonel Investigated for his part in a
Persian Gulf War Ineldent. Meg Ryan, cast agalnst ador-
able type, is a hellcopter pilot.
Prognosis: Encouraged by positive preview screen-
Ings, 20th Century-Fox reportedly bumped this up from
fall to summer. Washington's a rellable if sometimes stiff
screen presence, and Ryan gets a chance to prove she can
do more than twinkle and glow. If you liked "A Few Good
Men," this may be your dish,
• The Spitfire Grill" (August): Prison parolee Alison
Elliot tries making a fresh start in a tiny Malne village.
Crusty cafe owner Ellen Burstyn gives her a job and
Marcia Gay Harden befriends her while some locals shun
her.
Capote's growing up story, "The Grass Harp" (screenplay by
the late Stirling Silliphant), due August 23.
Prognosis. This is the movie that Castle Rock Enter-
tainment paid a whopping $10 million for at the Sun-
dance Film Festival, prompting industry cynies to ques-
tion the investment. Sweet, simple and uplifting, it also
won the Audience Award at Sundance and could pull in
the
"Driving
crowd.
Miss
Daisy"/"Fried Green Tomatoes"
• "Tin Cup" (August 9): Kevin Costner is a washed-up
golfer who finds a partner/muse in comely Rene Russo.
Ron Shelton, who gave Costner his finest moment, "Bull
Durham," wrote and directed.
Prognosis: Costner's been dragged through the mud
the last few years, what with "Wyatt Earp," "Water-
world" and an overpublicized divorce. This may be his
return to form.
Proceed With Caution
• "Striptease" (May 24): Had enough of Demi Moore yet?
Ms. Superstar was pald $12.5 million to bump and grind as
a mom who loses her daughter in a custody battle and
goes to work at a strip club to make ends meet.
Prognosis: Not good, Bad publicity, resentment to-
ward Moore (whose previous three films floppedi and the
rank odor lingering from the similar "Showgirls" could
easily sink this venture.
DAIESCON
amber a Lace
37
