{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:27:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 620191, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123692-bob-jacobs-9.pdf", "source_sha256": "38ce1cf44897ccb354e106292968a8fc608cc9a9f3ac78a21230f1c0c02d6ad0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XX
January 14, 1985
Dear
I suppose you've seen the followup article which appeared
in the January issue of OMNI Magazine under the "Anti Matter"
section. Once the cat is out of the bag, it keeps on mewing
• it
seems!
has sent me a package of his investigations
which include two letters from you: one to him and one to a
Peter Bons. I have read them with some fascination and not a lit-
tle trepidation. They reveal a good deal more about that fateful
piece of film than even I knew. It appears you did a good deal of
analysis on it at the time.
I've pursued some research and investigation into the UFO
phenomena ever since leaving the big blue womb of the Air Force.
That incident seems to have set off an unquenchable thirst for
more information about our possibly interstellar visitors. One
of my more delightful encounters was with X
XXXX
n. At
the time I was teaching at Cal State Humboldt.
Fred
was a professor
of Physics there, having
first been one of the developers of the
hydrogen bomb. He retreated to teaching, much as I did, in a fit
•I conscience, hoping
life. He had been an investigator and speaker on UFO's for several
on an investigate.
to do something more meaningful with his
years when I met him. His files and our many conversations set me
on the side of the "true believers" once and for all!
Unlike L
• I am not a "buff". My research and thinking
about the problem have been quiet and quite personal for the most
part.
The article in The Enquirer was originally intended for OMNI.
It was written in a more
and academic tone. They rejected
it, of course, as being "unsubstantiated". As a poor teacher in an
impoverished
state, I then sold
The Enquirer to pay a few
bills. I want you to know that I had no idea
that
it might prove
quite so explosive, nor that it was quite as "real" as it turned out
to be. The ridiculous style in which The
Enquirer
rewrote it is
also quite an embarrassment to me! I also want you to know that, even
after 17 years, I would never have written the piece had I known that
be "classified" somehow. It seemed pretty blase and
even ridiculous to me at
the time I wrote it, considering how much
more meaningful "secrets" during my tenure in the service are now
public knowledge.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 2987, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Z.
I have followed the announcements and pronouncements by
folks like QX
> with avid fascination. Between the lines,
even in popular
Xitictions" like "E.T." and "Close Encounters of
the Third Kind", one can certainly draw the conclusion that contact
of SOME kind has taken place. The reports of McDermott and others
of our astronauts are striking,
especially in later retractions
and denials of the "bogeys" and "UFO'S" in near space by public
officials. The steady and continuing investigation of near space
by our "friends" in the Soviet Union indicates more than a passing
fancy on their parts, I think.
Therefore, I find interesting your comments on the relative
benifecence of the U.S. versus
"wrong hands" people. As an
American who, like you, has seen and
experienced something of the
last forty years, I would like to believe that we are "pro-mankind"
and that any communications of higher technologies with concomitant
improved destructive powers would be shared with us and no one else.
We were, after all, at the end of WW II, the ONLY country with "the
Bomb" and the ability to deliver it on target and
I at will. Had Stalin
gotten that power, we would doubtless no longer be here to write
letters or articles. If we were, we'd be speaking Russian! So, we
were the first nation ever to have the sheer technical ability to
conquer the planet and we did NOT do so. That's terrifically good for
us as a
people to have done, I suppose! Perhaps the recognition of
our good will in rebuilding
the war-torn Earth also counted in our
favor.
Philosophically, however, I have to wonder at our arrogance
in assuming that if contact from interstellar intelligence HAS
taken place, that it has only taken place with us. The technology
to which you and I were witness, the technology recorded on that
few feet of film,
indicates orders of magnitude
from our relatively
primitive efforts in do mechanics, propulsion and possibly quantum
physics as well. Such intelligence might be suspected to regard us
as little more
than savages: AlL oi us on this planet. ‹ might ever
in my more retrospective moments, regard that beam of light..no, THOSE
BEAMS of light on our film as
WARNING. A shot fired across
the bow,
so to speak, oi our nuclear silliness ship. I have a true account,
told me by another former Air Force guy of a VERY close encounter in
1957 at one of our SAC bases in the Atlantic. I'll relate it to you
in person one day, I hope.
m tells me that the Air Force now denies that there
film. You
device I designed to send timing signals up there from Vandenberg. I
got the Missile Insignia for that one. You and I also know that the
same site exists today on Anderson Peak. From it we see the shuttle
enter California airspace! The Air Force can ONLY deny things, it
seems. And, like the Russians and the Nazis, when they deny the
and then the truth comes out in public, how can they expect
our citizens to have
trust and confidence in
the institutions we have
erected to serve us?

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2873, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.
Given that, as you put it to me at the time, "this never
happened"
[referring to the record
of the UFO on film], it's
not surprising that |
can't get verification of it from
the Air Force or the Freedom of Information Office. When Lee
Graham tells me in a letter that you confirm the story but are
"reluctant to make
any inquiry.. for fear of reprisal from the
agency that appropriated the film", I shudder in my boots. I have
an old, rusted,
bent key. I picked it out of the dirt at Dachau.
.An historian friend of mine affirms that" it was used to, most likely,
to open the hot oven doors at that awful place which consumed
so
many of my people who were afraid of "reprisal" from their govern-
ment. Over two decades after the filming of a "warning shot", must
we still fear "reprisal" for seeking answers to what may be
innermost secrets of the cosmos itself?
I'm only a humble school teacher and alfalfa farmer in Wis-
consin. I could disappear tonight. Only my fiance, my dog and a
few close
friends would notice. Because
fear such
"reprisal"
naive American? Perhaps it's because
reprisa to id notice.
am an American, I don't
, however. Perhaps it Is because I am a very
our government has done such
a very good job of
making "nut-cases" out of anyone who reports a
UFO that my credibility is shot and nobody cares what I say anymore.
Certainly there are a large number of "fringies"; true deluded
or psychotic people who have climbed aboard the UFO bandwagon, claiming
daily free rides
to Venus and elsewhere to give their impotent lives
some notoriety and meaning. The media have had a lot of fun propa-
gating their stories at the expense of those of us who investigate
in good faith and natural curiosity at a most peculiar and potentially
exhilarating phenomenon or set of phenomena.
And all of this leads me to question; why all of this idiotic
coverup? They are here, aren't they? We know it. The Russians know
it. The South Africans
and Pakistanis know it. Every kid in the
third grade
knows it. Reagan with his "Star Wars" nonesense knows
it. So what's all the "fear of reprisal" business. Steven Spielberg
told us all
tand is Do as 11ke Lee Granan ave to ferret out tone truth at Convince
buddies that they aren't nuts?
O.K. So, maybe we've found out a few trivial bits of this and
that which might be useful in the national defense and deserve to be
classified somehow. But where's the harm in letting everybody inf'the
great news that the universe is alive with other intelligence and
that we are not bound for eternity all alone anymore? It's the best
damned thing since Christmas and a few nurds in secret rooms don't
deserve to keep it all to themselves.
It would be great fun to sit down with you sometime and talk
and howl at the moon and the great spinning discs and faces on Mars
and beyond. Maybe I'll be out your way this
summer.
Best regards,
