{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T04:39:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1078912, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123641-ralph-steiner-pacifica-radio-interviewer-10-18-94.pdf", "source_sha256": "1b648919f2764ecee032acf3690415a924cd246e4609b2dcedc8c2f1a42cabb2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1950, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
Ralph Steiner •
KPFA - FM 94
Pacifica Radio Network
October 18, 1994
Dr. Stephen Greer
CSETI
Dear Steve,
Enclosed is a copy of The UFO Cover-up radio special that we discussed last
night. Feel free to audition the program to whomever seems appropriate. When
you do so, also inform them that a national version of the show is currently in
production and will be syndicated via the NPR satellite network early next year.
The program will be expanded from 3 1/2 to 12 hours. My home station will
suspend regular programming during an upcoming fund-raising drive to broadcast
the 12 hour special in its entirety. Current ETA for this debut is sometime in
February.
Also enclosed are some interesting clips of tape: Michael and I have cut a 2-
hour interview with Bill Hamilton. I think you will find correspondences between
your work and this earlier stuff quite provocative. Of particular import was the
relationship between the early contactees and government insiders. George Van
Tassle had the ear of Pentagon brass as well as Eisenhower's nephew, who informed
him about a landing at Edwards AFB (Muroc Air Field) in February, 1954, where the
President was taken aboard a spacecraft. Apparently, the fallout from that event was
enormous, prompting plans for a major presidential announcement that never
materialized. In anticipation of Eisenhower's scheduled May, '54 disclosure address,
one civilian participant broke his security vows, writing about his involvement to a
friend and colleague. None of the other parties listed in his letter ever responded to
inquiries, and all are now dead. According to Hamilton, prior to 1954, government
officials were quite open with Van Tassle, soliciting his guidance and feedback.
Then something happened-a major clandestine policy shift; all channels of
communication between the contactees and the government were cut off. (The
Robertson Panel perhaps?) Parallels to your current situation are striking.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 827, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Also on the cassette are some fragments of the "hidden history" that has
become one of my passions. So much of immense importance has been kept from
us, I frequently oscillate between outrage and utter astonishment. Please keep this
raw tape under wraps. I plan to include these interviews during the 12-hour
broadcast in a segment that will be called UFOs: America's Hidden History. The
segment that will be derived from our anticipated interview will be called UFOs and
the Secret Government.
There are a few more items that I intend to send you. I simply have to take
the time and have them copied: The Report from Iron Mountain and The
Controllers: An Alternate Hypothesis to Alien Abductions.
Take care Steve. I will let you know soon when I will be able to pay you a
visit. Feel free to get in touch any time.
Sincerely,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2894, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
і й
Latter Recent
I LOS ANGELE
4-16-54
_
4/16/54
San Diego, Califomia
My dear Friend: I have just returneù from Huro. Ine report, is true--
dovastatingly true!
I made the journey in company with Erzailin Allen of the Eearst paners and
Bdrin Nourse of Brookings Institute (Truman's erst#hlle financial adviser) '
and Bishop MacIntyre of I.A. (confidential names, for the present, please.)
¡hen me were allowed to enter the restricted section, lafter about six hours
In which we meze checked on every
•possible Item, event, incident and aspect t
of our personal and public lives) I had the distinct feeling that the world
had come to an end with fantastic realism.
For i have zerer seen so many
that their om most ted 1 deed ete dad an coalsias to there dezed
to beggar descrip-
The reality of "otherplane" aerofoms is now and förater remored from
the realms of speculation and made a rathar painful part of the consciousness
Ol every responsible scientific anà political group.
During my two days visit I sam five separate ar distinct types of aircrait
, being studied and handled by our alriorce officials---with the assistance and
pernission of The Etherians!
I have no morás to express my reactions.
" It has finally happened. It is now a matter oi history.
! President Eisenhower, as you may already inow, was spirited over to urg one
¡ night during his visit to lalm Springs recently. And it is av conviction that
¡he will ignore the terrific conflict betueen the various "authorities" and zo
directly to the people via radio and television--if the impasse contInues
much longer. Irom raat I coulà gather, an official statement to the country
'is being prepared for delivery about the midale of May.
I will leave it to your own excellent poners of deduction to construct a fitting
picture of the mental and enotional pandemonium that is now shattering the con-
sciousness of hundrads of our scientific "authorities" and all the pundits of
the various specialized knowledges that make in our current physics.
In some
¡ instances i could not stifle a wave of pity that arose in ny orn being as I
mached the pathetic bewildernent of rather brilliant brains struggling to mace
some sort of rational explanation rich would enable then to retain their fami-
"liar theories and concepts.
And I thanked my om destiny ior having long ago.
; pushed ne into the metaphysical foods and compelled me to fini my way out.
"stach strong minds cringe before totally irreconcilable aspects of Iscience" is
• not a pleasant thing.
I had forgotten hon commonplace suc: things as the donat-
erlalization of "golia" objects had becore to my orn mind.
The conise and going
o1 an etheric, or spirit, body nas been so familiar to me these many years, I had
¡ just forgotten that such a manifestation could snap the mental balazce of a mar
‚not so conditioned. I shall never forget those forty-eicht hours at Muzoc!

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 697, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hear: nuclear physicist
science journalist
astrophsicist
govt. document specialist
Congressmember
private investigator and
author Don Schmitt; retired NATO Command Sergeant Major,
Alleged former govt. contract
scientist
investigative journalist and TV newscaster
with unus
The UFO Cover-up:
Quite possibly the greatest political scandal
of all time.
UFOs have flown over the White House and our military bases.
Evidence suggests the U.S. and other governments
have engaged in secret UFO research since 1947.
The facts have been hidden from us.
Now former Soviet scientists tell what they know.
Tune in and find out for yourself.
Exclusive 4 hour radio coverage:
KPFA 94.1 FM. Wed., June 15, noon.
