{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T02:33:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 985616, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123671-witness-10323-sailor-on-uss-roosevelt-during-ufo-encounter-1958-letter-from-radar-operator.pdf", "source_sha256": "31c27d4c5b82662835fbb0e2471983a9953efcb2fc09aa22e8c4584a3b9c73c4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 987, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 3, 2000
MIX
ski.
I served on the "USS FDR CVA-42 from 1962-65 as a radar operator. I detected a very
large UFO during my mid-watch on radar off the coast of Sardinia in late 63. I came
across the posting on the Canadian UFO web site.
I provided the Senate Intelligence Committee with an affadavit detailing my
experience. During this particular cruise their were several photographers on board to
document the NATO fleet operations. They were present on board the night of my
contact on radar. I was told in no uncertain terms to keep my mouth shut for 20 years.
To the point of all this, do you have any copies of photo's the photographer
took or know where to get in touch with him ?
I'm assisting
and other team members investigating the MJ12
documents wherein the Roosevelt is mentioned as having numerous UFO reports
during the late 50's thru 60's. Your input is valued and I would compensate you for any
photo copies you might have. I cannot seem to locate any web info. on

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 849, "chars": 5146, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Michigan MUFON
Newsletter
David Spencer] was one of my students and | efforts have been reported in UFO
he said "I'm a Physics teacher. Would you
Magazine and the Ohio Casebeek, an
like me to take over this course?", and I said,
"i"Yes, I would." But the point is, if you don't
excellent quarterly publication put out by
Ohio MUFON State Director Bill Jones
know how to do an investigation, the Manual
doesn't teach you. How do you interview a
and the MidOhio Research Associates
witness? How do you do triangulations?
group. Chel contributes newspaper
How do you get soll samples? All of the
clippings to us regularly, and graciously
many components that are required to fill out
agreed to this interview for the Michigan
those forms are not taught in the Manual.
MUFON Newsletter.
You can look some things up and figure it out
but it's not designed as a course.
This
Guide is designed as a course.
You can
either make it a self-study course and take
the test afterwards, or you can use it in a
MIr. Grusinski, thank you for consenting
to do this interview.
classroom situation with a teacher. David
also sells a teacher's syllabus with visual
aids and things like that. So i felt like what
we were doing was filling that need. I know
Michigan has filled that need with the tape
"How to Interview the UFO Witness." That
has figured heavily in what David has done.
•Also, Larry Childs [Washington State Director]
had a "How lo Interview a UFO Witness."
Those resource materials were used to
compile this manual, plus David's experience
as a Physics teacher.
Would you tell us about the UFO
experience you had on the USS Franklin
D. Roosevelt (CVA-42)?
I had just reported for duty on the USS
Franklin D. Roosevelt on July 24th of 1958;
we had just left the New York Navy yard a
short time afler that. Around September or
October we were on a shake down cruise
Ellen, thanks again for your time and this
interview!
To procure a copy of the Austin UFO
Field Investigator's Training Guide,
contact us at (517. 394-1320 or by
mail at 3639 Stonalaigh, and we'll get
you current price and ordering
information.
Interview:
Chester
Grusinski
Chester Grusinski is a Michigan MUFON
ember who has achieved nation
cognition for his work at uncoverit
UFO sightings made from the Franklin D.
Roosevelt CVA-42, once the Navy's
premier aircraft carrier. Chet served on
that aircraft carrier from 1958 to 1960; his
and others' sighting of a UFO from the
deck of the F.D.R. in the summer of 1958
led to the research detailed below. Chet
has been profiled on "Sightings, " and his
11
in a newspaper clipping that a citizens group
(CAUSE) in a New York law firm were
going after the CLA and our government in a
court battle to release top secret UFO
Information. They were going to go back
as far as 1947. So, I sent them a letter
about the sighting I witnessed on the USS
F.D.R. CVA-42. They tried to help me to
get some information but they could not do
it Then some other researchers came up
with the 1952 UFO sighting (Operation
Main Brace) and three photographs of a
flying disk were taken from the aircraft
carrier "Franklin D. Roosevelt." And, the
object overtook the NATO fleet. Other
researchers were trying to help me to find
other witnesses that were on the flight deck
with me and witnessed the 1958 sighting.
By doing this I started to find out about the
other UFO sightings on the same ship.
How did you go about contacting
potential witnesses?
as other military magazines. Then around
1988, I read in a DAY Magazine about the
USS F.D.R. CVA-42 Reunion. I found a
couple more witnesses and also more
information.
watching a small light that was following
our ship. Then the light approached our
ship. It came in close enough that I could
see a row of windows and the figures
watching us from inside. The bridge watch
vas screaming on the ship's intercom I
le officer of the deck or bridge to get up c
the double. The impression that I got was
that those figures that were watching us
How many different sightings have you
been able to link with the F.D.R?
Aboutest ufo sightings on the same ship.
Besides your sighting in the fall of 1958,
there was a dramatic one which took
place off Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on July
26 of 1956. You have at least two
vitnesses independently confirming th
asic facts about that sighting. What dic
they see?
On July 26th of 1956, two disk objects were
suspended in mid-air. They were over one
another, they had two rows of counter-
rotating lights. The upper disk released a
fire ball object, that dropped into the top of
the lower one. Within seconds they both
What made you decide to explore the
vanished with tremendous speed. The
matter of other sightings from the FDR,
objects could have been between 75 and 100
besides the sighting you had?
feet in length. And, these were seen by
A few years after I was out of the Navy I
Leon Treadwell, Petty Officer Third Class,
used to read about UFO sightings in the
O.I. Division All involved witnesses were
library. I even went to the library in
told to keep a tight lip on what they saw.
downtown Detroit. Around 1977-78, I read And, Treadwell had to sign pap rs that he

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 857, "chars": 5216, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
→
12
would tell no one for twenty years.
Another one for the same time period, the
25th or the 27th of July 1956: a cigar object
was seen and tracked on radar. And the
CIC radars said it went off the scope in two
or three sweeps. That was witnessed by a
chief warrant officer. His name was John
C. Hau. Mr. Hau went after the deck logs
for his sighting in 1983, and he found
nothing. iI found John C. Hau by running
an ad in the NoveLInstitute Proceedings,
January 1992.
In the JEO Magazine (Vol. 9, H6, 1994)
article on your efforts, there was some
inferesting speculation on why so many
sightings bave involved the F.D.R.
Could you give us your thoughts on this
"matter?
The F.D.R. was the first U.S. carrier at the
time that had thermonuclear capability - the
first and only carrier at the time allowed to
transport the H-Bomb. This is one of the
Here are several questions about the
matter of ship's records. The F.D.R. was
decommissioned in 1977, and its ship's
logs were searched for UFO references,
with apparently negative results. Are
you satisfied that the search of the logs
. was done thoroughly? Do you think the
log entries were never made, or if made,
were "purged" soon after? If they were
removed, isn't there some regulation
against such tampering? And who
would have the authority to break such
regulations?
The F.D.R. was decommissioned in the year
1977. Myself and other UFO researchers
have searched the logs; we also used the
Freedom of Information Act, going as far
back as 1980. We had the help of the New
York law firm. We tried the Navy
Department and NSA and also CIA, trying
to find some reference to any of the
sightings.
I had also got a copy of the ship's deck logs
from the years 1958-9; a lot of information
was blackened out. After looking it over,
later I tossed it out. Researcher Barry
Greenwood said in a letter I suppose it is
possible that log listings were not made of
UFO sightings, that somehow there was a
stigma attached to doing so. Regulations
would have required this under JANAP-
146, which is a loint Chiefs of Staff
MICHIGAN MUFON Newsletter
directive which is for official use only. The | At this point, do you have a sense on
subject of the directive is: Canadian-United
where your research on the F.D.R.
States Communications instruction for
sightings is leading you?
reporting vital intelligence sightings. If
anything was on ship's deck logs it could
Through the many years I haye contacted a
have been taken out; anything else related to
number of interesting people, who have
the UFO sightings could have been
helped me with documents and newspaper
blackened out!!
clippings about the F.D.R. UFO sightings.
My wife Carol Ann had a feeling that I was
beating my poor head against a wall, trying
You and your research were profiled on
the "Sightings" television series. Could
you give our readers an idea about how
that came to be?
The "Sightings" TV poople called me on the
phone, after UFO Magazine did the USS
F.D.R. UFO sightings story.
to get information on these UFO sightings.
This is not an easy task. Carol Ann has
become a helper to me; I wonder to myself
could it be the wife has softened up to my
efforts? I was surprised to be asked to
appear on the "Sightings" TV program. I
have heard of so many peoples' interest in
wanting to appear on the TV programs, I'm
hoping to find other witnesses that were
with me on that flight deck with me.
What was it like to work with such &
television program?
The "Sightings" TV people came out and
interviewed me at the Sterling Inn in
Sterling Heights, Michigan. It was
interesting, and I showed them my research
papers and documents. They interviewed.
also a Gunnery Officer who lives in
Washington, Michigan. I found him
through the USS F.D.R. Reunion New
Memhers nome list. He saw one of the
1952 UFO sightings and he sent me
newspaper clippings about the F.D.R. and
UFO sightings in "Operation Main Brace".
The "Sightings" people also went out of
state to interview the other witnesses I
found through my research.
Have your investigations led to any
repercussions from the Navy that you can
talk about?
When I was looking for information on the
1958 sighting a Commander that was on the
,D.R. the same time period that I was, tol
ne that I was not supposed to even mentio
something like this.
What other aspects of ufology most
interest you?
UFOs and the Military interest me.
How may Michigan MUFON and its
Overall, how well do you think the
"Sightings" people treated your story?'
I think the "Sightings" people did a good
job of putting it all together. They left out
a few things that I said to them. They used
a few Naval film clips, which was good.
I'm quite satisfied with the way the entire
story was put together.
Based upon your experience as a
researcher, what personal qualities make
for a good UFO investigator?
Well, I do not kaow what would make a
good UFO investigator. But, I have spent a
good number of years working on name lists
and rescarching history on the aircraft
carrier. And, I have sent a lot of inquiries
out looking for information.
Thanks very much for this interview,
Chet! Chester Grusinski may be
contacted at 19780 Vermander Street,
Clinton Township, Michigan, 48035.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 705, "chars": 4460, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JACQUES
ALLEE
60
'ANATOMY OF A PHENOMENON
listed here. Rather than imposing on the reader descriptions of
the standard cases, such as the Washington incidents (which can
be found in most books on the problem), I will try to select a few
lesser-known cases that might also prove of interest.
As early as January, at Gallup, New Mexico, several objects that
moved swiftly and occasionally remained in front of the disk of
the sun had been seen. On January 30, in Korea, a huge disk that
revolved like a large horizontal wheel was observed for several
minutes. It radiated an orange light from its whole surface and
gave off bluish flames from the edge. On May 10, 1952, at 6:00
P.M., twelve persons in La Roche-sur-Yon saw a flat disk fully
lighted; it flew without noise and took off vertically to overtake
another UFO seen higher in the sky (100, 101). On May 20,
1952, an aerial object was reported at Denham, England, "giving
rise to small disks that scattered in all directions."
On June 12, a celebrated sighting was made at Le Bourget
Airport in Paris (102). A large number of witriesses saw the
"light," including the control-tower operators, pilots in landing
aircraft and persons living on the north side of the city.
During the month of July —which marked the maximum of the
wave-activity was equally divided between France, North Africa
and the United States. On July 6, for instance, two bluish "disks"
were seen at Thann in Alsace; a luminous sphere was reported
at Bone, Algeria; and another disk was seen at Bou-Hadjar, near
Oran, during the night of July 7.
Maximum intensity was reached in the last two weeks of July,
and then the wave decreased and fell to a minimum in the second
week of September. But even then it did not die completely; a
new burst of sightings appeared in European countries. The peak
of the wave had been marked by two sensational observations
made in Washington above the Capitol and the White House,
a restricted-flight area permanently controlled by radar.* The
second lobe of the intensity distribution, which took place in the
fall, corresponds to another series of sensational sightings, those
made during maneuvers of the navy of the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization (Operation Mainbrace).
MODERN UFO REPORTS AND THEIR RELIABILITY
61
in the department of Yonne, on September 19. This sighting was
described in' a scientific journal under the title "suspicious ob-.
ject" (103):
M. R. Sommer, pilot and aircraft manufacturer, coming back
from Beine to Chablis, Yonne, on September 19, writes:
driving back in the night, which was dark, without moon or stars.
We came out of the village of Beine and drove about five minutes,
when we were greatly surprised to realize that a bright, unknown
object had appeared in the sky on the left side of the road. It had
the shape of an olive and a golden color. Its major axis was vertical.
The sighting was indeed fairylike. The phenomenon lasted for five
minutes. Thę minor axis of the object was a little smaller than the
apparent diameter of the moon. A few minutes later, I visited the
neighboring villages and examined the churches, fearing the appa-
rition might have been caused by illuminations or reflections; but
everywhere I found the same absolute calm, and no important light
was to be seen. The road was deserted."
1952
The next day, three photographs of a flying disk were taken
from the aircraft carrier "Franklin Roosevelt" during Operation
Mainbrace in the English Channel. The object was flying ex-
tremely fast behind the NATO fleet, and the witnesses, obvi-
ously, were numerous and competent in identification of flying
objects. The same day a number of sightings were made elsewhere
in Europe; and the most important military airbase in Denmark
saw a flying disk, apparently metallic, at 7:30 p.M. It disappeared
in the east.
On September 21, six jet fighters chased a bright spherical
object for two minutes. One of the aircraft returning to its base
spotted the UFO again and tried without success to reach it.
The same day, Morocco was flooded with reports of disks from
Tangier to Marrakesh and Casablanca. In the latter case, five
thousand persons attending a boxing match saw the object. On
September 22, the night shift of a factory in Bayonne, France,
watched for twenty minutes the classical "swinging motion" of
a UFO. Later that day, an aircraft landing at Titmellil-Casa-
blanca Airfeld was passed at a low altitude by a bright object.
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2468, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'Witness claims UFO cover-up
witnesa to a 1958
UFO
eighting wants us to know
the following:
It happened while he was on
board the U.S. Navy aircraft car-
rier the USS Franklin D. Roose-
velt. The FDR waa the first U.S.
carrier at the time to have ther-
monuclear capability. 'Ihe only
carrier then allowed to transport
the H-bomb.
Thie sighting was tracked on
their radar tbrough three weeps.
It was never entered on the ship's
10 beater Grainski served on
the FDR from 1958 to 1960. The
nhip wae decommisaioned in Octo-
ber 1977
and
Bold
for EcTap in
March 78.
Нів вогу:
"I reported for duty July
24.
September we were on a shake-
down cruise off Guantanamo Bay
one dark night. I waa below decks
at the time. Our crow discovered
a emall light following our ship.
The men came running up
from
the engine room all excited. I f0l-
lowed them.
"This light then came at us.
Suddenly it turned
red-orange
color and we were able to see it
was a cigar-ghaped object. Inside
¿, a row of figures watching ue
'The impression I got was that
those figures were not human be-
inge. They walked away from tbe
window and
the
obiect
took off
very fast until it was lost from
sight
Cindy Adams
The bridge watch screamed on
the intercom for the officer of the
deck to get up there on the dou-
de, At the same time, for Bame
unknowa reason,
ail the ship'a
maneuvers stopped dead.
"Special investigators
guest ne
aboard to investi-
gate.
learned later
they'd
en CIA."
Grusinski, who is in possession
of photos, letters and documenta.
tion,
then
cites
further outer.
space viaitora to this oze super-
special ship:
• During
1952'a Operation
Mainbrace, photos were taken by
• journaist from the deck as a
UFO overtook the NATO fleet.
• In '53, in the Mediterreanean,
a commander had a visual sight-
ing at the game moment radar
was tracking it.
• In 1856, an July 26, while at
anchor in Rio de Janeiro, one wit-
ness "drew a sketch of two disk
objects,
about 100 feet in length,
suspended in mid-air, over one
another.
Two rowe of counter
rotating lights. The upper disk ne
leased a fireball object onto the
lower one.
E.T.
Kin scouting vacation sites?.
Romerican Program Edith,
American Program Bureau,
the
country's largest lecture
This
ton's '92 inauguration, is doing
ditto for Jan. 19
.. The sophisti-
cated, Bexy
opening
cited party was at Borage. here
a sign over the ladies'
"All
women
will
joe said;
strip
Bearched.
end this information rom th
irom th
HIS being my extra-terrestri

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 446, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
Dear Ms
an
Newspaper articles are enclosed about my UFO experience
on the ship.
is also mentioned in some of the
newspaper articles. Also, I am enclosing a letter from
Harry Jordan. He was a radar operator on the USS F.D.R. from
1962-1965. He tracked a large UFO during NATO fleet operations.
And, he was told in no uncertain terms to keep his mouth shut
for twenty years.
I would like to see open congressional hearings on this
UFO Cover-Up.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3214, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MACOMB
DAILY
"our Cormurity tomation Cert
Clinton man
says government
covering up
UFO sightings
By Samar Abulhassan
Macomb Daily Special Writer
You don't have to be a believer to appreciate
The Clinton Township man's testimony of spot-
ting a UFO almost 30 years ago has been met with
skepticism by many, but that hasn't stopped him
from pursuing the truth about UFOs. The truth, he
believes, that the government continues to with-
It was 1958, and
then 18, was aboard
the Franklin D. Rooseverr aur craft carrier cruising
the Caribbean near Cuba. when he was called up to
the flight deck by fellow crew members.
It was there that he first made contact with the
"little light following the ship"
As the light came closer:
said, it ap-
peared to be a "cigar-shaped" igure, about 75 to 100
feet long. He said the UFO floated midair for sever-
al minutes and he could feel the heat on his face.
See UFO, Page 2A
Wednesday, January 29, 1997
UFO
COVERUP
Macomb Daily staff photo by David Dalton
here with his wife, Carol Ann, belleves that he
saw a UFo while aboard the Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1958.
liq.
1s..
D*:
tr.
ri.
UFO
Continued from Page IA
"There were silhouettes of fig-
ures looking at us," he said. "They
had no features and you can tell
they weren't human."
Grusinski said the bottom then
turned a "bright, cherry red" and
took off.
After the incident, Grusinski
said, no one would admit anything
happened. He said the CIA came
aboard shortly after, but he was told
they were investigating a gambling
problem.:
Since then, Grusinski has be-
come consumed by UFO phenome
na, collecting photos, letters and
documents from witnesses who
came in contact with UFOs from the
same ship at various times.
He has photos of a 1952 UFO
sighting, during "Operation Main-
brace," taken from the deck of the
: ED.R. as the object "overtook the
NATO fleet." He also names a 1953
incident reported by a Navy com-
mander in the Mediterranean,
which was also tracked by the radar.
Grusinski said there were two
sightings in 1956, while the ship was
at anchor in the port of Rio de Jane-
rio, Brazil. He said a witness drew a
sketch of the objects and sent it to
the Defense Department, but was
told to tell no one for 20 years.
So why have UFOs been drawn to
this one ship?
At that time, the ED.R. was the
first U.S. carrier that had thermonu-
clear capability and was the only
one allowed to transport the hydro-
gen bomb, Grusinski said.
Through his research, Grusinski
obtained a list of everyone on board
during the 1958 "sighting" and has
written letters to all of them. But h
still hasn't found any witnesses.
Requests under the Freedom
Information Act to the Navy, CIf
and the National Security Agenc
have yielded no information.
But this has hardly discourage
Grusinki: He was featured o
"Sightings," a television progra
out of Sterling Heights, in 1995 wit
other UFO witnesses, and has wri
ten a screenplay about his exper
ence.
Grusinski said he is willing 1
"meet the government half-way."
He would settle for open congre
sional hearings, anything thi
would shed light on the matter:
"We're getting to a point no
where there's a lot more awarene
of UFOs," he said. "I think they mi
release the information soon."
