{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:11:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 319526, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123796-letter-to-graham-bethune-from-stuart-nixon-4-6-70.pdf", "source_sha256": "f282d9da205d35e088209caa47eff2282a60e4c4f50ec60229f3594f40c86c18"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3003, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TELEPHONE: 1223722XXX2
• must confess I feel somewhat awkward writing you, because I doubt that you eve
xpected to hear from anyone here at NICAP. Many times over the years, we hav
U
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS. COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON. D. C. 20036
April 6, 1970
SME (RET.) DIRECTORN
IRECTO
ARISTANT DIRECTOR
Com.
IX
Dear
munication is basic to our research.
My reason in writing now is to ask a rather special favor. As editor of our news-
letter, 1 want to begin publishing some historical features on older sightings,
The many scientific and technical people who read the newsletter nave often expressec
interest in follow-up articles on cases that happened years ago. This interest
derives from the tendency of the popular press to emphasize recent reports that
have news angles, rather than to offer information on events that date back a few
years.
For many of our readers, a thoughtIul follow-up is at least as interesting
as a
news story.
In this connection, I would like to do a kind of "revisit" piece on the observation
you and your men made in 1956.
This has always been a fascinating case to me, and
I am sure a recap report would help add to what has already been published. Io
prepare the article, I would like to visit with you for a brief time and review the
sighting and ask a few questions. I am also most anxious to show you a painting
that was done for us on your experience, and to get your comments as to its accuracy.
We have never exhibited or published the painting, because without some feel for
its reliability, we felt we might be doing more of a disservice than a service by
making it public.
Tou could help us greatly in this regard, and I would be pleased
to bring the painting with me, if you would be willing to look it over.
I will be in New Jersey on business on the weekend of April 25-26. Anytime then
would be convenient for me to come to Toms fiver, with the exception of Sunday after-
noon. Even Friday evening, April 24, would be all right.
I do not want to impose
on you, but Ii you had even an hour or so available on that weekend, I would be
most grateill li you could spare It lor us.
I should hasten to say, perhaps,
that we will keep your name entirely confidential
if you wish.
our only interest is to obtain first-hand informatior on the events
in question.
Io ny knowledge, NICAP has never used your name publicly, and we
will certainly honor that practice if you prefer.
As soon as I hear from you, I will finalize my plans and drop you a confirming note.
Having Lived in New Jersey and attended school there, I am always looking for an
excuse to return, so I hope we may be able to get together. I once had the good
fortune to come to Toms fiver to speak before the Presbyterian Church, and I will
always remember that beautiful autum day and all the friendly people who made my
stay so pleasant. I daresay the town has changed a lot since I was there, because
A privately-supported fad finding body serving the national public interest

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 310, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-- April 6, 1970 -- page 2
a number of years has elapsed in the interim.
Perhaps not too much, though,
because we still hear from Rev. D'Angelo and his wife, who were kind enough to
put me up while I was there.
Thank you very much for whatever help you can give us. I look forward to hearing
from you.
GSN/ sn
