{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:46:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 33, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1765074, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123795-graham-bethune-book.pdf", "source_sha256": "35abfd882eacfd1494827a5275fbba3137187d7ce475608856fdaa15c3462df7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1947, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
L
25
Bibliography
The following is a list of publications known to me that discuss our UFO sighting.
It is probably not complete. Only items 4, 10, 12 and 13 were based on interviews with
me. "Almost all of this material contains major errors of fact.
1. Flying Saucers - Top Secret, by Major Donald Keyhoe, 1960, Chapter 1, pages 9-26.
admiral Fahrney demands congressional hearings, page 26, Keyhoe is interviewed on CB
V. begins to say he has an important announcement, and CBS turns off his microphone
The entire Chapter 1 is attached as an appendix.
-
2. Confidential NICAP Report To Congress, by Major Donald Keyhoe, June 21, 1960,
page 56.
3. Aliens From Space, 1973, by Major Donald Keyhoe, Chapter 6, pages 92-105.
Keyhoe says NICAP intended to use our "startling case" and crew testimony for
congressional hearings. Page 103, Admiral Hillenkoetter's letter to Congress. The entire
Chapter 6 is attached as an appendix.
4. NICAP Newsletters for September and October 1970. These newsletters are attached
as an appendix.
5. June 1973 issue of Naval Aviation News, pages 18-19, article titled "Unidentified
Flying Object," a special issue that included a discussion of the famous "lost patrol" Flight
19 lost in the "Bermuda Triangle." This article is attached as an appendix.
6. UFOs Explained, by Philip Klass, 1974, pages 61 through 73.
7. Time-Life book series "Mysteries of the Unknown," volume titled The UFO
Phenomenon, 1983, pages 48-49.
8. Above Top Secret -- The Worldwide UFO Coverup, by Timothy Good, 1989, pages
268 and 486. This book contains an excellent account of Major Keyhoe's work, the
infiltration and destruction of NICAP by the CIA, and other U.S. Government activities
designed to obscure the UFO phenomenon. The 1951 North Atlantic encounter should be
seen in this context. Page 339, discussion of CIA order to debunk UFO reports and
discredit witnesses.
9. UFO Crash Secrets, by James W. Moseley, 1991, page VI.
•

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 793, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
10. UFOs: The Secret Evidence, a video film by Michael Hesemann, produced by CLIP
Film, Munich and 2000 Film Production, Dusseldorf, 1992. This video won six EBE
awards at the International UFO Congress and Film Festival, and was the best selling UFO
video for four years running from 1994 through 1997.
11. Beyond Top Secret, by Timothy Good, 1993.
12. Geheimsache UFO, by Michael Hesemann, 1994, pages 59-65, 223, 251-254. This
includes the color painting I did in 1970. It also has copies of our report on file in the
National Archives. This is a good account of our case, but only available in German.
13. UFOs The Secret History, by Michael Hesemann, 1998, Chapter 5, pages 57-64. My
1970 painting of the UFO is on the front cover and on page 234.
Copyright © 1999 Graham E. Bethune
V

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 12, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 3, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Appendix
..

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FLYINGR
1960
"I must confess that Major Keyhoe seems to me to have established his case
beyond question—-that the flying saucers are indeed real, and that the secret behind
them, whatever it may be, is known to the U. S. Air Force, which has been inves-
tigating them far more thoroughly and seriously than most of us have believed from
the government's own contradictory statements."
-Columbus Dispatch
"Major Keyhoe is far from being a newcomer in the saucer field, as he was one
of the first to discuss them seriously and has been an invaluable gadfly in keeping the
armed forces from stamping 'top secret' on reports of sightings. He believes that the
saucers are real and that they do come from another planet, and indicates strongly
that the Air Force thinks so too."
SAUCERS
-Springfield Republican
"Major Keyhoe's reports are well-documented, soberly presented, and amazing,
so amazing, indeed, that literal-minded people may back away from the conclusions."
—Los Angeles Daily News
SECRET
"Many high officials still scoff at the authenticity of these unexplained objects,
but after reading Keyhoe's authorized reports ... even the skeptic must admit there
is more than an even chance these 'unknowns' are something from another planet."
07,25
—Navy News Review
"For several years Major Keyhoe has devoted full time to saucer investigations.
Among saucer 'believers' generally, he enjoys the distinction of offering the most
practical and plausible explanation for the strange phenomena."
Major Donald E. Keyhoe
—Cleveland Press
U.S. Marine Corps, Retired
Director of the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 193, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "clean-vision"}
1 :.
Major Donald E. Keyhoe,
U.S. Marine Corps, Rel.
Direclor, National Invesligations
Commitlee on Aerial Phenomena
FLYING SAUCERS:
TOP SECRET
G. P. Putnam's Sons New York
EMBASSIS
03587253
:

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 314, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
To Robert Wilson Gardner

@ 1960 BY DONALD E. KEYHOR

All rights reserved. This book, or

parts thereof, musi not be reproduced

én any form without permission.

Published simultaneously {fn the Dominion

vf Canada by Longmans, Green & Company Toronto,

1

—_ ——— ee

Alanufactured in the United States of America

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 511, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
•
CONTENTS
Foreword, 9
Encounter Above the Atlantic, 15
The Killian Case, 27 -
Round One, 38
The Hoax, 53
The Captain Ruppelt Record, 70
The Inquiry Begins, 81
Frame-up, 97
November Crisis, 112
Checkmate, 128
From a Nearby World, 110°
The Armstrong Thealer Battle, 155
The Airliner Chase, 166
"Abandon That Coursel", 177
The New Search, 185
Signals from Space, 198
The Lost Civilization, 208
Riddle at Lackland Field, 218
The Warnings, 231
Tug-of-War, 217
The Hidden Reports, 262
The Key, 270
Epilogue, 285
•

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1250, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
Foreword
National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena,
1536 Conneclicul Avenue,
Washington 6, D.C.
February 3, 1960
than our own. In 1959, the United States Government ac-
cepted this belief, setting up an official station to listen for
possible messages from nearby solar systems.
There is now full proof-despite strong efforts to hide
the fact-that the earth is under close observation by one or
more of these advanced worlds. Since the explosion of the
first A-bomb, hundreds of officially verified reports, by pilots
and othet technically trained observers, have proved that
intelligently controlled machines, superior to any earth-
airst called tensically in our labeled r
irst called "flying saucers
—Unidentified Flying Objects—by the United States Air
Force, these strange machines have been seen in increasing
numbers, in direct proportion to our atomic-bomb tests and •
the launching of artificial satellites and space probes.
Publicly, the official attitude is still one of debunking the
"saucers" and explaining away sightings a policy made
possible by military secrecy orders. But behind the scenes,
a far different attitude exists, as shown by the evidence in
this book. Further proof, just received, is shown by the offi-
:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 578, "chars": 3863, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
FOREWORD
cial instructions of the Air Force Inspector General to Oper-
ations and Training commands. On December 24, 1959,
under the heading, UFOS SERIOUS BUSINESS, the Inspector Gen-
eral gave these directions regarding UFO reports:
"Unidentified flying objects sometimes treated lightly by
the press and referred to as "flying saucers" —must be rapidly
and accurately identified as serious USAF business ...
The main concern of the Air Force, stated the Inspector
General, is whether the object is a threat to the defense of
the United States, and secondly, whether it contributes to
technical or scientific knowledge. Adding that UFO reports
will tend to increase, the Inspector General then instructed
Air Force bases to designate investigation officers, each one
supplied with a Geiger counter, a camera, binoculars and
other equipment. The public, concluded the Inspector Gen-
eral, should be given realistic explanations.
So far, there is no indication of any change in the official
debunk inatolic lewis thin Coy whice on terial Phe-
nomena over three years ago. A private organization, with
members in the armed forces, Government agencies and
many professions and trades, NICAP was created to learn
the facts about UPOs and to make them public.
In a majority vote, the NICAP Board of Governors has
publicly confirmed Air Force censorship and withholding of
UFO reports, a policy declared to be inherently dangerous.
In order to end the secrecy, NICAl has repeatedly urged
that open Congressional hearings be held. An increasing
number of congressmen now favor such hearings, but there
is still powerful resistance.
If that resistance continues to block open hearings, it is
hoped that this book will bring sufficient public support to
end the secrecy on this vitally important subject. The follow.
ing chapters include all the important evidence presented to
individual congressmen and committee chairmen, including
details of the behind-the-scenes battle against censorship.
* Number 26, Volume XI: see facsimile at the end of this book.
1
Foroword
11
As indicated in the text, the main points are backed by
documentary evidence; this is available for inspection at the
NICAP office in Washington, except for a few documents
listed as confidential, which are certified as genuine by Board
members and the Secretary of NICAP.
I wish to express my thanks and appreciation to all the
NICAP members in the fifty states and foreign countries
who have backed our investigation by contributing reports,
evaluations, technical opinions and financial support. It is
impossible to name the hundreds who have been outstand-
ing in their services, but I am especially indebted eo Mr.
Richard H. Hall and Miss Elizabeth A Kendall of the
NICAP staff; Mr. Don Neill, Miss Ruth Heisey, Mr.
Richard Lechaux, Washington member-volunteers;
Miriam Brookman, president of our New York City affiliate,
and Mr. Arthur Campbell, president of the Kansas City
affiliate.
NICAP advisers not named in the text, but who also
contributed valuable services, include astronomer Kenneth
Steinmetz, Professor Robert L. Hall, Warrant Officer D. C.
Newhouse, First Officer W. R. Peters, Pan American Air-
lines, Mr. Wilbert B. Smith, former chief of the Canadian
UFO project, and Mr. Patrick Lucey, President, Society of
American Engineers.
n addition I wish to thank Mr. John DuBarry, Miss Isabi
lavis, Mr. Lex Mebane and Mr. Ted Bloecher, of the Ne
York Civilian Saucer Intelligence, and the many others who
supplied valuable aid in the fight against unwarranted cen-
sorship.
• We welcome any new information or assistance that
wil. help in speeding a public Congressiqnal investigation.
Though we urge that sources release their names, we shall, •
if specifically requested, withhold names and identifying
details.
DONALD E. KEYHOE
Major, U.S. Marine Corps, Rel.
Director of NIGAP

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 581, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHAPTER
Encounter Above
the Atlantic
•
It was early in '59 when I learned of this hidden report-
, startling encounter with a UFO (Unidentified Flying Ot
ject). The lead came in a brief message from Admiral Del
mer S. Fahrney, former Navy missile chief, whom I had.
'known for years:
MY SKIPPER → Captain James Taylor, USN, Ret, has an important UFO
1956-1958
ighting made by a naval pilot and his crew. Call him al
Spacetronics, Inc., in Washington, District 7-9481.
That night, when Captain Taylor gave me this dramatic
Navy Club and discussed the details. Fahrney knew, as I
15

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3524, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
FLYING SAUCERS: Top Secret
Encounter Above the Atlantic
17
• did, of other hidden UFO cases -some of them highly signif-
icant. But this one stood out in importance,
""They must be ships," said Erdman "Maybe a rendezvous
I TOLD CAPT, TAYCAR IN 1957
for some special operation.""
9.R.
It had happened in 7950. FEB. 10,1951
R5D-3,
"'They don't look like ships," said Benton. He called
ISHKEVER
Cruising af 29,00 D feet, a Navy (RV-2 transpori-a four-
Radioman John Wigging No word of any unusual ship
DEGULAS
Engine (Super-Constellation→-was (ying west across the
ARGENTMO
movements, Wiggins reported. And no signals from the lo-
cation of the lights. If they were ships, they were keeping
SHYMASTER
Atlantic Ocean. The next stop was Gander Newtoundiand.
Final destination, Naval AiryStation, Patuxent, Maryland.
radio Bilence..
BETHUNE
The night was clear, visibility unlimited.
"Wake up those other urews,
Bentor told
Erdman.
-PEGRAMBM
In the senior pilot's seat, Commander George Bentor was BETAwN
"Maybe somebody can dope it out."
checking the dim-lit instruments. ArChirty-tour Benton had
In a few moments, two or three airmen crowded into the
a decade of Navy flying behind him. He had made the At.
cockpit. Benton cut off the automatic pilot, banked to give
CONTINITY
Tantid crossing more than two hundred cimes.
them and the men in the cabin a better view.
Back in the cabin were two extra Navy air crews, en route
As the transport began to circle, the strange lights
home from foreign duty. Most of these men were asleep.
abruptly dimmed. Then several colored rings appeared,
Including Benton's regular and relief crews, there were
began to spread out. One, Benton noticed, seemed to be
nearly thirty airmen—pilots, navigators and flight engineers
growing in size.
-aboard the Constellation.
Behind him, someone gave an exclamation. Benton took
another look. That luminous ring wasn't on the surface-
As Commander Benton finished his cockpit check, he
glanced out at the stars. Then he leaned forward, puzzled
it watermedevil is in aid Mood the transport,
A few minutes before, the sea below had been dack. Now
there was a cluster of lights, like a village, about twenty-five
"Don't know," muttered Benton. He rolled the Constella-
3
miles ahead.
tion out of its turn to start a full power climb. Then he saw
Benton looked over at his co-pilot Lieutenant Peter J.
it was useless. The luminous ring could catch them in
Mooney. LT. FRED WHINGDON
"What do you make of those lights'"
The glow, he now saw, came from the rim of some large,
Mooney peered down, startled.
round object. It reached their altitude, swiftly toak shape as
"Looks like a small townl"
a giant dișc-shaped machine. (R50 -3 SHUMASTER
Dwarfing the Constellation it raced in toward them.
"That's what I thought." Benton quickly called the navi-
"It's going to hilt ust"sald Erdman.
ator, Lieutenant Alfred G: Erdman,
Benton had known normal fear, but this was nightmare.
course. There's land down there"
"It can't be land." Erdman hurried forward "from his
Numbed, he waited for the crash.
maRe brokE, stain glar win at the clustered lights.
Suddenly the giant disc tilted. Its speed sharply reduced,
it angled on past the port wing.
• "Well?" said Benton.
The commander let out his breath. He looked at Mooncy's
white face, saw the others' stunned expressions. Watching
*Since the commander and most of bile crem are etill on active duty, names
out the port window, he cautiously started to bank. He
have been changed.
stopped as he saw the disc.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3781, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
FLYING SAUCERS: Top, Socrat
It had swung around, was drawing abreast, pacing them
at about one hundred yards. For a moment he had a clear
glimpse of the monster.
Its sheer bulk was amazing; its diameter was three to four
times the Constellation's wing span. At least thirty feet thick
at the center, it was like a gigantic dish inverted on top of
another. Seen at this distance, the glow along the rim was
blurred and uneven. Whether it was an electrical effect, a
series of jet exhausts or light from openings in the rim, Ben-
ton could not tell. But the glow was bright enough to show
the disc's curving surface, giving a hint of dully reflecting
BETHUNE
Though Benton saw no sigus of life, he bad a feeling they
were being observed. Fighting an impulse to dive away, he
held to a straight course. Gradually, the strange machine
pulled ahead. Tilting its massive shape upward, it quickly
accelerated and was lost against the stars.
pro Commander Benton reached for his microphone, called
Gander Airport and identified himself.
"You show any other traffic out here?" he asked the tower.
"We had something on the scope heat you," Gander told
him. "But we couldn't get an answer."
"We saw it," Benton said grimly. "It was no aircraft."
He gave the tower a concise report, and back at Gander
teletype messages were rushed to the U.S. Air Defense
Command, the Commanding Officer, Eastern Sea Frontier,
the ligenor of Air Force Latelligence and the fir Technical
Intelligence Genter.
When the Constellation landed at Sender, Air Force In.
telligence officers met the, transport. From the start, it was
plain they accepted the giant disc sighting as fact. For two
hours, Benton and the rest were "carefully interrogated,
separately and together: How close did the object come?
What was its size... estimaled rale of climb... any
electrical interference roled.... What happened to the
other luminous rings?
From the answers to scores of questions, the majority
opinion emerged. The flying disc was between 350 and 400
Encounter Abovo to Atlantie
19
feet in diameter, and apparently metallic. No interierence
with ignition noted; instruments not observed and radio not
operating during this brief period. Time for the giant disc
to climb to the transport's altitude, between five and eight
seconds, indicated speed between 1,400 and 2,200 knots; the
disc had accelerated above this speed on departure.
Not all the men in the cabin had seen the luminous rings.
Of those who had, most were watching the huge disc ap-
proach and did not see the "ringg" disappear. If chey, too,
were flying discs, in a rendezvous as some suggested, they
an indigene apa set enon the
had seen any indication of lite aboard the disc.
"No, but it was intelligently controlled, that's certain."
Benton looked at him closely. "That size, it would hardly be
*emo countley, replied the Air Force man. Nor would
he tell what the Gander Airport radar had shown about the
disc's speed and maneuvers.
"What's behind all this?" demanded Mooney. "Up to now,
I believed the Air Force. You people say there aren't any
flying saucers.
"Sorry, I can't answer any questions," said the captain.
"Why not? After a scare like that, we've got a right to
know what's going on."
The Intelligence officer shook his bead. "I can't answer
any questions," he repeated.
As quickly as possible, Intelligence reports with full de
tails were flashed to the four Defense commanders already
notified, with an extra message for the Director of Naval
Intelligence.
After the Constellation reached Patuxent, the air crews
were interviewed again, by a Navy order. Each man made a
ite port, vir be inde of hath bad a phone all
from a scientist in a high government agency. "I'm in-
formed you had a close-up UFO sighting. I'd like to see you."

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3527, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
FLYING SAUCERS: Top Secret.
• Benton checked, found the man was cleared by the Navy.
Next day, the scientist appeared, showed. his credentials, lis.
ened intently to Benton'S report. Then he unlocked a di
"Va it hid any of tentag stopped him.
"That's it!" He looked sharply at the scientist. "Some-
body must know the answers, if you've got photographs of
the things."
The other man took the pictures.
"I'm sorry, Commander." He closed his dispatch case and
At the time when I learned of this case, I had served for
two years as Director of the National Investigations Com-
mittee on Aerial Phenomena. In '56, NICAP had been or-
ganized as a private, nonprofit organization to determine
the facts about UFOs. By January of '59, its membership
covered all forty-nine (now fifty) states and toirty foreign
countries, excluding the USSR.
Since early in 1957, NIGAP's policies and operations had
been guided by a Board of Governors including Vice-Ad.
miral R. H. Hillenkoetter, former Director of the super-
secret Central Intelligence Agency; Dr. Earl Douglass, re-
ligious writer and columnist; Major Dewey Fournet, former
Pentagon monitor of the Air Force UFO project; Mr. J. B..
Hartranft, president of the 82,000-member Aircraft Owners
and Pilots Association; Colonel R. B. Emerson, JU.S. Army
Reserve; Mr. Frank Edwards, veteran TV and radio com.
mentator; Professor Charles A. Mancy, physiciss, Defiance
University; Reverend Albert. Baller, Robbins Memorial
Church, Greenfield, Massachusettsy; Rear Admiral H. B.
• Knowles, USN, Ret.; Dr. Marcus Bach, educator, author and
lecturer, University of Iowa; and Reverend Leon G. Le Van,
New Jerusalem Christian Church, Pittsburgh. (Except for
Reverend Le Van, this is the present Board.)
During its two years of active investigation, NIGAP had
acquired special advisers including rocket and space experts,
aeronautical engineers, flight surgeons, astronomers, elec-
Encounter: Abore tho Atlantie
21
tronics experts, military, commercial and private pilots, and
specialists in many other related fields.
ment one al, regular, doctors, we co a see core ok.
many professions and trades.
By this tirae, our UFO-reporting network covered most
of the globe. Besides our regular channels, we had important
inside sources, in the armed forces and elsewhere. Without
violating security, they had given us leads to crucial UFO
intormation kept trom the press.
Since we had established, without any doubt, that the
UFOs were neither secret United States or USSR devices,
the Board and most of our members believed the censorship
wrong. By now,' NICAP'& policy was well known: To end
the secrecy, and to determine what the UFOs were, where
they came from, and why they were operating in our skies.
By concentrating on facts, we had tried to offset the frauds
and ridiculous claims which had helped to mislead the
But in spite of our efforts, and a mass of documented new
evidence, the censorship had been tightened. We were re
doubling our efforts, with the help of several congressmen,
when. I learned of the giant flying disc encountered above
the Atlantic.
in the first part of 57, Admiral Fahrney had been chair-
nan of the NICAP Board, spearheading our first battle
against secrecy, and he quickly recognized the value of this
startling Navy case.
" he said
people."
Headquarter is the bol on bro said a i re
letter to Senator Byrd that proves it."*
"How'd you get a copy?"
"Senator Byrd gave it to a NICAP member the signed
original. It's on Secretary of the Air Force letterhead."

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3398, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22
FLYING SAUCERS: Top Secret
"Ta like to see that! Who signed it?"
"Major General W. P. Fisher. He's the Director of Legis-
lative Liaison, represents Secretary Douglas on Capitol Hill.
He even denied facts Air Force Intelligence has already ad-
mitted." 3
"Probably he's just carrying out orders," said Fahrney.
"He may not believe in the policy any more than we do."
"Sure, I know. IF I were in his place, I'd be trying to stop,
NICAP, too. It must be a tough job, having to keep denying
the UFOs are real, knowing it could blow wide open at any
time."
Fahrney nodded. "Especially if Congress held hearings"
"Well, as you know, several congressmen are NICAP
members, and now others are looking into the censorship.
Senator Goldwater came right out and said the flying saucers
are real and the Air Force is clamming up. He should know
—he's an Air Force Reserve colonel, and 'he flies jets."
"Any other senators on record?"
"Yes, Saltonstall, Hennings and Smathers-they wrote
NICAP or some of our members. Also about twenty rep
resentatives-Osmers, Frelingheusen, Ayres, Moeller, Ash-
ley, Baumhart. ..:
The admiral raised his eyebrows. "It begins to look like
action."
"It's still a battle," I said. "But if we do get hearings, it's
almost sure to break the censorship. This Navy case alone
should do it, if they let those air crews talk."
The day after i saw Admiral Fahrney I went into the
NICAP office, at 1586 Connecticut Avenue, and opened a
special file containing official statements on UFO secrecy.
›m january 24, 1958, gote than a 'yeat after Air Force In
elligence had questioned Ofthander Benton and the Nat
air crews, I had appeared on the Armstrong Circle Theater
program, "UFO-Enigma of the Skies." Because the Air
deal report, are aralial for tapect reced i ones, excepe
Encounter Aboro the Atlantle
23
Secretary Richard E. Homer appeared belore the cameras
and fatly denied any censorship of the subject
" Realizing he must have known of the glant dise encoun-
tered by the Navy men, since all such reports reach top levels,
I took out the Air Force approved script, given to me by the
Armstrong Theater, and checked Horner's exact words:
"During recent years, there has been a mistaken belief
that the Air Force has been hiding from the public informa-
tion concerning unidentified flying objects. Nothing could
be further from the truth. And I do not quality this in any
way.... There is no evidence at hand that objects popu
larly known as 'flying saucers' actually exist."
PIO (Public Information Officer) at Langley Ait Force
Gregory H. Oldenburgh sent an official statement to NIGAP
member Larty W. Bryant, Warwick, Virginia:
The public disemination of data on unidentified Bring
objects is contrary to Air Force policy and regulations..
specifically, Air Force Regulation 2002,9
In the folder with Captain Oldenburgh's signed letter
was a NICAP file copy of AFR 200-2. Two sections had been
marked by one of our staff:
Section B-9: In response to local inquiries resulting from
any UFO reported in the vicinity of an Air Force base,
information regarding a sighting may ba released to the
(BETHuk press or the general public by the commander of the Air
Force base concerned only if it has been positively identified
as a familiar or known objecs. [Air Force italics.]
The other marked paragraph was a key to actual Air
Force beliefs about UFOs:
• Original in NICAP files.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3525, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
FLYING SAUCERS: Top Socret
Section A-3: Since the possibility cannot be ignored that
UFOs reported may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles
Reported rapidly, facially as ap cative that signing be
Knowing this, and all the other proof on record, I had
wondered how Horner dared make such a public denial.
Undoubtedly, be was under strong compulsion, if not direct
orders, to keep the UFO story from the American people.
Since then, proof of the seciecy had mounted. Öne of
the frankest admissions had come from the Acting Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard, Rear Admiral J. A. Hirshfield.
I got out his letter and was comparing it with Horner's
atene at when from lot Corbin, newe director of WEBR
in Baltimore. A World War IX lieutenant colonel in the
Army, Corbin was now a NIGAP special adviser. He him-
self had seen a UFO, and since their he had verified other
sightings, reporting them in his newscasts.
"I'll talk fast—I'm six minutes from air time," Corbin
told me. "First item. Don't name those two Baltimore test
pilotsthe ones that the UFO chased."
"Why, what happened?"
"'They've been shut up, their company has defense con-
tracts. Now, second item. I just got an advance copy of a new
Civil Defense order. It tells all CD members to report UFOs
directly to the nearest Air Force base, by phone. It's cer-
tainly revealing, an official order to report something that
officially doesn't exist." 3
"Will the Air Force give Civil Defense any answers?!
to at a chance is one keeping Do report The
public."
"They turned us down-it's classified."
• Copy at NICAP. AFR 200-3 may be secured by wilding Air Force Head-
quarters, the Pentagon, Washington 25, D.C.
• On file at NICAP.
Encountor Abora the Atlantic
25
"Then I'll use that. Give me the high spots,"
I quickly summed it up. Three weeks before, we had ob.
tained a copy of the official Daily Bulletin put out by the
U.S. Continental Army Command at Fort Monroe. Dated
December 29, 1958, it warned USCONARC personnel: to
follow an Intelligence directive issued on May 27, 1958, in
confidential reporting of UFOs.!
"We asked for a copy" I said. "Here's the answer:
"Security regulations prohibit sending a copy of the
USCONARC Intelligence Directive dated May 27, 1958.'"9
"Who signed it?"
"'A Headquarters colonel—-Lawrence J. M. Mulhall."
"Okay, I'm going to blast this runaround," said Corbin.
"It'll be on the air in three minutes."
He hung up, and I looked back at the Coast Guard letter.
On August 4, 1958, Acting Commandant Hirshtield had
answered our request for an important visual-and-tadas UFO
report by the Coast Guard Gutter Sebago. This official re-
port, said the admiral, had been forwarded to the "desig
nated agency in the Department ef Delense." Then Lie
added:
Federal law prohibits the release of official files concern.
ing such cases to other than specified channels. I therefore
find it necessary to refuse your request for this information.
The Coast Guard refusal had not surprised me. With Air
Force Headquarters in charge of the UFO investigation,
they -or whoever controlled the policy had managed to
impose thie secrecy provisions on most goverment agencies.
In the case of the Coast Guard, the Federal Aviation Agency
and the Civil Aeronautics Board, secrecy was secured under
a Joint Chiefs of Staff order, JANAP 146; invoking the Es
pionage Law, chis provided heavy penalties for revealing
UFO reports." Só far as I knew, the Navy was the only gov.
• On Ble at NICAP.
"On file at NIGAP.
• On file at NICAP.
• On file at NICAP.
2

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2248, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
FLYING SAUCERS: Top. Secret
ernment department without a secrecy directive, and even
without this, few sightings were made public.
So overwhelming was the censorship proof that in August,
1958, the NICAl Board of Governors had publicly pro.
tested this secrecy.
"From evidence in NICAP's possession," said the Board,
"it is clear that the Air Force has withheld and is still with-
holic informantic aying inj sighing reports on the
this was unanimously approved by all Board members.
To the first statement, a majority had added this warning:
"We believe this policy to be dangerous since it makes it
possible for the Soviet Government to claim ownership of
UFOs (or flying saucers). Such a false claim might create a
serious situation in this country."
Immediately, sharp contradictions had been made by the
Air Force. As questions began to be asked on Capitol Hill,
the Air Force denials increased, from top levels on down
to the hundreds of PIOs in the United States and on foreign
Against all this, a Congressional disclosure of the hidden
evidence would hit like an H-bomb. But even with the in-
creased support on Capitol Hill, we had no illusions as to
what was ahead. The Air Force would use all its power to
keep the truth hidden. With Air Force and Army members
muzzled, the battle was on to stop Navy leaks and silence
airline pilots. As press reports of sightings windled, it al-
Then came the break—a headlined airline signting and a
veteran airline captain who gamely stood up to the Air Force.
With familiar ridicule tactics, the censors moved in to
crush him.
It was a fight they would not soon forget.
CHAPTER II
The Killian Case
: The DG.6 was an hour out of Newark when the
troit flight, American Airlines 713, had departed from
Newark on schedule. In command was a four-million-miler,
Captain Peter W. Killian, fifteen years on the airlines. Rid-
ing the co-pilot's right-hand seat was First Officer John Dee..
By 8:15, the two stewardesses, Edna LeGate and Beverly
Pingree, had finished serving dinner to the thirty-five pas-
sengers aboard. The flight was then over Pennsylvania, the
roar of its four engines subdued to a drone in the airliner's
sound-proofed cabin.
At 8:19, the plane passed over Bradford; altitude 8,500

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3730, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO INVESTIGATOR/SEPTEMBER 1970
Ecot
DATE: February 8, 1951
LOCATION: North Atlantic
Chapter 1 of Major Donald Keyhoe's last book, Flying Sau-
cers, Top Secrer, is entitled "Encounter Above the Atlantic."
The chapter describes a sighting made in the 1950s by the crew
of a U.S. Navy aircraft en route from Iceland to Newfound-
land. Keyhoe's source for the report was Captain James Taylor,
had been given to Keyhoe by another Naval officer, Admira!
D.S. Fahrney, a close friend of the Major.
Taylor learned of the incident in 195€ from a friend and
former associate, a Navy pilot who was one of the primary
witnesses. This man, a Lieutenant at the time of the sighting
and now a Commander, is identified in the book under the
{ur fictitious name George Bentons Keyhoe used the pseudonym
to protect the officer from publicity, because Bentomwas still
on active duty at the time the book appeared (1960).
In April of this year, NICAP contacted Benton and re
quested a personal interview, in hopes that the original report
could be updated and corrected with first-hand information.
The interview was conducted a few weeks later at Benton's
home in New Jersey. It was the first time he had confided de-
tails of his experience to anyone except military intelligence
and his own friends and associates. His memory of the incident
was only slightly affected by the passage of time, since, as
he explained, "1 have seen nothing like it in all my years
of flying."
(28)
The sighting occurred in the early morning of February 8,
1951. Benton, (30 years old, was flying an R5D transport,
which was returning to the United States from England via
Iceland and Newfoundland. Benton had flown the Atlantic
many times, having operated seaplanes over the South Atlan-
tic for two years, and been assigned to the Naval Air Station in
Artist version of sighting, based on faulty data, shows too much datail.
Night was
not this clear, and object did not come this close.
Page 3
* Godhava
Sir, of Denmark
Aretie Circle NORWEGIAN
Angmagssalik
SEA
Fleykja
Godihaab
Frederikshaab
Chadley Julianehaab
Faere ls.c
(Den./
Sheiland is. i
HORIH
SEA
Copenhal
Schefferville
LAZLAMI
- QUNDLAND
Quebr
Bay of
C. Finisterse
poSton
new York
Hatia"NORTH
ATLANTIC
FORTUGAL,
hiladelphia
shington
Lisbon'
Hadr
Norfolk
OCEAN
for.. st. Vincent
See. of Gibraliar Afra
"C. Hatteras
ayannah
• Bermuda' Er.t
Madeira I, - Casab
C. Kennady
CANARY 15 -ISP
ILGERIA
Predawn sighting occurred on second leg of trans-Atlantic flipht. "X"
marks spot-where encounter took place.
Brooklyn, New York, and later to a flight squadron at Norfolk,
Virginia. At the time of the sighting, he was stationed at the
Naval Air Test Center in Maryland, where he qualified for 38
types of military aircraft.
The weather on the night of the sighting was excellent. The
moon had set, but visibility was still good. As Benton remem
bers it, "You could make out the horizon clearly bur... you
could not see the white caps on the water clearly."
Seated opposite Benton in the co-pilot's seat was the plane
commander, Li. Gest. F.K. (identified in Keyhoe's book as
Peter Mooney). Back in the plane, asleep, were two extra
crews, one a relief crew for Benton's men and the other on
board as passengers. The aircraft was flying at 10,000 feet, on
due course for Newfoundland. Ground speed was over 200
knots (230 miles per hour).
Approximately three and a half hours out of Iceland, at
mid-point in the flight, the plane passed over a weather ship,
which was on station below, off the coast of Greenland. The
ship reported everything normal.
(Continued next issue.)
Eyewitness sketch depicts UFO at various stages of its ascent toward
aircraft. Shrouded in white glow, object had fiery ring at outer edge.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 1056, "chars": 6049, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
0
U
UFO INVESTIGATOR/OCTOBER 1970
Paga
1951
VIÃW FROM INSIDE COGNAT X5D
ASTITURE 10, 000FT GROUND SPIT ave LeaKT
AIRCRNT HANNING 2J8 TO 242°
"УКУ
нокдай.
DATE: February 19 as
LOCATION: North Atlantic
whTel
Crew members and passengers on a Navy R5D aircraft experi
enced a dramatic sighting in the early morning hours of Febru
ary 8, 1951, while flying over the North Atlantic (see last
month's issue). The details of that experience, as told by the
pilos, are published here for the first time. BETHE
"The aircraft was on automatic-pilot (this was standard pro-
cedure during clear weather, so both pilots could watch for
other aircraft). Lt. fit. F.K. and myself were on constant
watch for other aircraft. I observed a yellow glow in the dis-
tance about 30 to 35 miles away, at about the i o'clock
position and below the horizon. My impression was that there
was a small city ahead, because it was the same glow you get
from a group of lights on the surface before you get close
enough to pick them out individually.
"Knowing that we pass the tip of Greenland, my first
thought was that we were behind schedule and had drifted
north, but remembering that we had passed over the weather
ship, I knew this was not the case. I called F.K.'s attention to
the glow and asked him what he thought it was. He said that it
looked like we were approaching land. I asked our navigator to
check his navigation. He did and replied that we were on flight
plan and on course.
"The lights were farther away than we thought because it
took us from eight to ten minutes to get close enoughto where
the lights had a pattern (our ground speed was over three miles
per minute), about 15 or 18 miles away. At that time, due to
the circular pattern of lights, I got the impression that possibly
two ships were tied up together and that lights were strung be-
PILOT
60-9707
Pilor's drawing shows view from cockpit as strings object rosa from
ocean's surface and approached aircraft on apparant collision course.
"It stopped its movement toward us and began moving
along with us about 45 degrees off the bow to the right, about
100 feet or so below us and about 200 to 300 feet in front of
us. It was not in a level position; it was tilted about 25 degreas
"'It stayed in this position for a minute or so, It appeared
to be from 200 to 300 feet in diameter, translucent or metallic,
shaped like a saucer, a purplered fiery ring around the
perimeter and a frosted white glow around the entire object.
The purplered glow around the perimeter was the same type
of glow you get around the commutator of an auto generator
when you observe it at night.
"Whan the object moved away from us, it made no turns,
as though it was backing up about 170 degrees from the direc
tion that it approached us, and was still tilted. It was only a
few seconds before it was out of sight. (Speed estimated in
excess of 1500 mph.)
"All of our cameras were within reach, but no one was calm
enough to think about taking a picture. Most of us were
wondering what it was. Our impression was that this was a
controlled craft it was either hovering over the water or
sitting on it, then it detected us and came up to investigate.
"After Li. Ji's crew had taken over, i proceeded aft and
learned that most of the passengers had observed the same
or that one was in some kind of trouble.
thing. Since i was unable to identify the object, I asked Dr.
"I asked the navigator to check his ship plot. He replied that
M., CDR U.S. Navy, if he had observed the objest He replied
there were no ships plotted in this area and that we were not - that he had and that he did not look because it was a flying
close to the shipping lanes anyway.
went on the air to the weather ship, which verified that there
saucer and he did not believe in such things. I immediately re
turned to the cockpit and informed the crew to keep quiet
were no ships in the area.
about what we observed because it might have been our first
"Since it was time for Lt J.'s crew to relieve us, 1 had the
sighting of a flying saucer (during those years when you men-
plane captain awaken them. When Li J. and Lt, M. came up
tioned you had such a sighting, you were believed to be crazy).
forward, I pointed the lights out to them. Their only comment
Le J. informed me that it was too late because he had called
was that it had to be a ship because it was on the water and we
Gander airfield in Newfoundland to see if the object cauld be
were overtaking it fast. At this time, we were five to seven
tracked by radar.
miles away; it was about 30 degrees to our right; and we had to
"When we landed at Argentia (Newfoundland), we were
look down at about a 45 degree angle. The lights had a definite
met by inteiligence officers. The types of questions they asked
circular pattern and were bright white.
us were like Henry Ford asking about the Model T. You got
"Suddenly, the lights went out. There appeared a yellow
the feeling that they were putting words in your mouth. It was
halo on the water. It turned to an orange, to a fiery red, and
obvious that there had been many sightings in the same area,
then started movement toward us at a fantastic speed, turning
and most of the obsarvers did not let the cat out of the bag
to a blueish red around the perimeter. Due to its high speed,
openly. When we arrived in the United States, we had to make
its direction of travel, and its size, it looked as though we were
a full report to Navy Intelligence.
going to be engulfed. I quickly disengaged the auromatic-pilot
"I found out a few months later that Gander radar did track
and stood by to push the nose of the plane over in hopes that
the object in excess of 1800 mph. I did not see the repores
we could pass under it due to the angle it was ascending. The
made by other members aboard the aircraft. I did taik to the
relief crew was standing behind us; everyone began ducking,
Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB in 1957 but did not look
and a few heads were hit on objects.
at the report. They said they had it and many similar reports."

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1070, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-/'→
ALIENS FROM SPACE...
THE REAL STORY OF
UNIDENTIFIEO
FLYING OBJECTS
MAJOR DONALD E. KEYHOE
1973
Here are some of the, questions answered in
ALIENS FROM SPACE.
* Why do a Cigh and the lit to thing ha hop
from the public at all costs?
• Why do airline pilots refuse to report UFO encounters
to the Air Force? Whyjare Air Force pilots instructed
to pursue UFOs?
• What is the truth! abolt the University of Colorado
project and the Condon Report? What is the truth
about the Rand Corporation report (UFOs: What to
DoP) that confirms CIA control, spaceship evidence,
and the very serious nature of the problem?
• What about the spectacular giant spaceship sightings
in Russia?
• Did UFOs trigger the Great Blackout of 1965? There
were sightings just before the blackout, and the experts
could not explain the failure of the supposedly infalli-
ble grid system. There: are also UFO links with other
blackouts here and abroad.
• Have UFOs actually landed on the earth?
• What can we do to prepare the public for the inevi-
table meeting with extraterrestrial visitors?
..

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3135, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
Invisible
Control
It was early in '6z when the CIA struck at NICAP. to
The explosive situation which led to the CiA action built
up on Capitol Hill in 1961. In the preceding session, NICAR
had sent a confidential report to Congress with proof of UFO
rcality, the censorship, and increasing hazards from secrecy.
The confidential report was approved by the NICAP Boardl
of Governors, including veteran military men with extensive
krowledge of the UFO evidence: Vice Admn. R. H. Millenkoct-
ter, former CIA director; Rear Adm. H. B. Knowles ahd Army
Reserve Col. Robert B. Emerson, both of whom had made
careful evaluations of the UFO reports; former AF Monitor
Dewey Fournet, and J. B. Hartranft, Jr., an AF lieutenant
colonel in World War Il, since then president of the world-
wide Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.
In March 1961, House Majority Leader McCormack pri-
rately told me he had urged an investigation by the Science
and Astronautics Committee, headed by Congressman Over-
ton Brooks.
By this time, after studying the NICAP confidential report,
scores of legislators had come out against UFO secrecy, among
them Senators Dodd, Gollwater, Keating, Kcfauver, Prox-
INVISIBLE CONTROL
93
mire and Smathers, and Congressmen Addonizio, Baumhart,
Downing, Hardy, Metcalf, Scherer, and L. T. Johnson.
Representative Hiestand urged the Secretary of the AF to
revcal the facts. Representative Lindsay, later the mayor ot
New York, called UFO sightings a matter of vital importance.
"The sccurity of the US.," he said,
"does not always demand
total stain the nature tane popi me fully capable of
Representative Leonard Wolf, a member of the Space Com-
mittce, told the House of Representatives: "1 believe that
publication of the NICAP Report (with one confidential sec-
tion on foreign angles deleted) will help to reduce the dangers
cited by Vice-Admiral Hillenkoetter and the other NICAP
officials." Stressing that the NICAP Report was a careful
valuation in contrast to frauds and delusions about VIO
Volf strongly urged opcu hearing
In May of '61 a UFO investigation was announced, to be
carried out by three inembers of the House Space Committee.
The subcommittee was to be licaded by Congressman Jo-
seph E. Karth of Minnesota. Karth had already publicly criti-
cized the censorship, and he insisted that the hearings should
An AT fight against hearings had been started by Maj. Gen.
W. P. Fisher, Director of Legislative Liaison. In letters and
conversations with lawmakers he hammered away with this
argument: "Hearings would only benefit the sensation seekers
and publishers of science fiction." Other ranking HQ officers
followed up, trying to kill the investigation. But the drive for
hearings was moving too rapidiy.
In August, Chairnan Brooks of the Space Committee gave
the AF its hardest setback. Until then, he had not favored
hearings, though he had reluctantly agreed on the UFO sub-
committee, after strong urging by Majority Leader McCor-
mack. But he still refused to sanction open meetings or even
privately examine NICAP's documented evidence.
But in carly August something caused a surprising change.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 3781, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
94
ALIENS FROM SPACE
Without explaining what had happened, Chairman Brook
scheduled a private conference with Admiral Hillenkoetter
and me. We were asked to bring a cross section of our strong-
est and best-documented evidence, also proof of official cen-
sorship and an explanation of the secrecy dangers. Later on
I leamed that Brooks had a deep respect for the admiral's
achievement in organizing the CIA and directing it for three
years, besides a high regard for his brilliant Navy record. In
ignoring the NICAP confidential report, he had failed to real-
ize that Hillenkoetter was a Board member almost from the
beginning.
The conference was set for August 24, but our hopes were
quickly ended. Congressman Brooks was taken seriously ill,
and he died soon afterward. His successor was Congressman
George P. Miller, who bluntly announced he would not order
hearings.
The chances of ending the cover-up seemed almost zero.
But in February of '6z a congressman who had strongly sup-
ported Karth asked me to come to his office.
"There's another way to break this," he said. "I've talked
it over with some of my colleagues and I'm sure we can count
on Karth, Downing, Moss, Kornegay-as many as we want on
the House side. Maybe we can get McCormack, if it won't
jeopardize his Majority Leader position. In the Senate, I'm
certain we can get Keating, Goldwater, Proxmire, Dodd and
two or three others already on the record against UFO secrecy.
"Now first, we want you 'to give us one of the hottest cases
NICAP's got, fully documented. It's got to be powerful and
exciting, with enough expert witnesses so it'll hit the front
pages and the network newscasts."
"I know one big case that would do it," I said. "But with-
out hearings, how-?"
"T'll explain in a minute. Tell me about this report."
"Admiral Del Fahrey gave me the lead to it he's been
a NICAP member since he retired as the Navy missile chief.
I can get him to confirm it to you. The detailed report was
INVISIBLE CONTROL
95
obtained from the chief witness by Capt. James Taylor, and
Fahmey arranged for him to verity the whole thing tor me.
You can double check this with Taylor if you want to. He's
retired now, and he told me I could use his name."
"Okay," said the congressman. "Give me a rundown."
On the night of the UFO encounter, a four-engine Navy
transport was flying west over the Atlantic, its altitude 10,000
for ten years. (To protect the officer his name has been
changed.) Brent had crossed the Atlantic more than two hun-
dred times. On this trip he was bringing two flight crews home
rom over twenty five pilos, navigators and right engine
aboard the transport.
The plane was about fifty miles from Gander Airport, New-
foundland, when Brent saw a cluster of lighted objects ahead.
Apparently they were on the surface of the ocean, or close
As the commander circled for a better look all the lights
suddenly dimmed. Then they swiftly spread out and disap
peared-except for one which streaked up at the transport.
Within seconds, the object reached the plane's altitude, now
clearly visible as a huge flying dise with a glow around the
rim. To the stunned men in the cockpit it seemed about to
hit them head on. Then it tilted sharply and shot to one side.
Reducing speed, the flying disc swung around to pace the
transport. To the dazed men in the cockpit and the cabin it
was an incredible sight. The UFO was enormous, well over
300 feet in diameter and at least thirty feet thick at the center.
From the glow around the rim the Navy men could see the
reflecting surface, apparently smooth metal.
After about ten seconds the big disc tilted up steeply, accel-
erating to an estimated speed of over 2,000 knots before it
disappeared.
When Brent radioed Gander a tower operator told him they
BETHUNE

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 642, "chars": 3962, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALIENS FROM SPACE
had tracked the UFO on radar. When the plane landed, the
entire crew was interrogated by AF Intelligence officers. At
their destination, Patuxent Naval Air Station in Maryland,
Brent and the rest were questioned again by Naval Intelligence
and required to sign full reports. Later, a goverment scientist
(supposedly from the CIA) confidentially showed Brent secret
UFO photos--one portraying a disc like the one over the At-
lantic. In a final interview, the commander was interviewed
by Air Technical Intelligence officers at Wright-Patterson
AFB. But none of the Navy or Air Force men, or the govern-
ment scientist, would answer any questions about the UFOs.
"That's a powerful case," the congressman said. "it's exactly
what we need."
"Those witnesses are probably afraid. of reprisals," I told
him. "They may not agree to a public report."
"Tell them we'll guarantee immunity. If you have any trou-
ble I'm sure Admiral Hillenkoetter can persuade them to
appear."
"You mean he's in on this?"
"Not yet, but we expect him to be. Now, here's the strategy.
We intend to call a press conference-there's nothing to stop
members of Congress from getting together and talking with
the press. We want Admiral Hillenkoetter to spearhead the
show. With his terrifc Navy record and being CIA director
three years the press will play it up as a top-level deal.
"But first we'll have a private bipartisan meeting, not con-
nected with any committee, and we'll keep it under wraps.
We'll have Hillenkoetter and you and two or three NICAP
Board members there, after we've lined up those Navy wit-
nesses. We'll have that commander give us the report first,
then the other witnesses, so we can be sure it's airtight. We
should also go over two or three other hot cases you and the
other NICAP Board members can certify, and any new docu-
nares on of censors hond have a bit imp ac, 1 said
INVISIBLE CONTROL
97
"In the fall of '61 we managed to get a photocopy of an AF
Intelligence sketch of a flying disc. It was taken from a re-
stricted manual for AF Intelligence officers, entitled AFM
200-3. We can use it because somebody slipped up and forgot
to reclassify it as Confidential when the Restricted classifica-
tion was canceled."
"What does it show?" asked the congressman.
''There's an AF bomber in the lower foreground. Above it
is a typical flying disc with a domed center, coming in toward
the bomber. But here's the important part. This official sketch
is linked with a key statement in the manual: "The Air Tech-
nical Intelligence Center is responsible for the prevention of
technological surprise.' So here is AF Intelligence, in this hid.
den manual, implying a possible "technological surprise' by
UFOs after flatly denying they exist. The payoff is this claim
in AF Special Project Report 14, p. 93:
"'It is still impossible to develop a picture of what a flying
saucer is. ... Out of 4,000 people who said they saw flying
saucers, sufficiently detailed descriptions were given in only
12 cases. Having culled the cream of the crop, it is still im-
possible to
develop a picture.... to derive a verified
model ...
"That's very good," the congressman said, "We'll make
copies of that photostat and those AF statements, and give
them to the press. As I see it, we'll have McCormack or Karth
open the press conference, with Goldwater or some other
senator confirming the purpose. They'll come right out and
say this congressional group is seriously concerned about the
UFO problem and the censorship. Then Admiral Hillenkoet-
ter will take over. He'll repeat his statement that UFOs are
real objects under intelligent control and that the AF is hid.
ing the truth. Then he can produce the Navy witnesses in
that Atlantic case. When they finish with their story we can
follow up with a few other strong NICAP-verified cases,
and Hillenkoetter can go into the proof of secrecy, and the
dangers from covering up. To wind it up, the congressional

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 636, "chars": 3866, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
98
ALIENS FROM SPACE
group will go on record as demanding an end to official se-
crecy. If it's handled right, with network TV along with the
wire services, it'll blow the lid off. Unless the Air Force gives
in, Congress will have to hold a full-scale investigation-an
open one."
"If you can do this without scaring the public, it should be
a "big start toward preparing people."
"We'll use the same approach the Fournet group in-
tended," the congressman assured me. "You said they were
going to play up the lack of any proven hostility. We'll do
the same-maybe Admiral Hillenkoetter should open on that
angle. Naturally some people will be a little frightened, but
if we handle it carefully I don't think they'll get hysterical.
I'm counting on Hillenkoetter for that. You think there's
any doubt he'll go along?"
"No, I'm almost certain he'll agree; 'he's hit the secrecy
pretty hard. I've known him since we were classmates at the
Naval Academy. If he does take it on he won't pull any
punches."
"That's why we want him. Will you sound him out?"
"Sure, His office is in New York-he's head of a shipping
line. I'll fly up if necessary; I'd rather not phone about it.
But he's expected down here in a few days-"
'That'll be okay," said the congressman. "Let me know
as soon as you can."
The more I thought over this breakthrough scheme the
better it looked. Most of this Congress group had openly
opposed the secrecy. From personal knowledge, I was sure
that McCormack, Karth and Goldwater would put up a real
fight. Karth, I knew, had counted heavily on NICAP evidence
and assistance in open hearings. After a misunderstanding
about protocol, which I quickly corrected, Congressman
Karth wrote me that he expected strong NICAP evidence.
of the interplanetary answer. It was his belief, he said, that
we would produce proof of UFO reality in a hearing-proof
INVISIBLE CONTROL
99
that UFOs "actually were craft (of sorts) from other plan-
ets." Otherwise, he told me, he would not have been inter-
ested in holding hearings. On receiving details of the available
proof, he accepted NICAP's offer of full co-operation. In-
dicating his determination to resist any possible pressure, he
sent me this underlined statement:
"I am not a captive of the Air Force."
If Hillenkoetter acted as spearhead, it would of course
add greatly to the national publicity. From the start, his Navy
record had been outstanding. A star man at Annapolis, he
was graduated Number 20 in a class of 457. He had served
with distinction in submarines, on destroyers and battleships.
In his early career, he carried out several diplomatic missions
in Europe and South America. During his attache service in
Paris, Madrid, Lisbon and Rome he won high foreign decora-
tions, including that of "Officer in the French Legion of
Honor."
Hillenkoetter was executive officer of the U.S.S. West Vir-
ginia when World War II broke out, and he was wounded
when the Japanese sank the battleship. After a tour as
Chief of Intelligence in the Pacific, he went on to action in
the Solomons and New Hebrides, followed by a special as-
signment as Director of War Planning and Control. He was
present at the Japanese surrender on the U.S.S. Missouri,
and afterward he was given command of the ship.
In 1947, President Truman promoted Hillenkoetter to vice.
admiral and made him the first director of the new Central
Intelligence Agency. After three years he returned to naval
duty, serving as the Navy Inspector General. Then in 1957
he retired and became head of a New York shipping line.
In his five years on the NICAP Board he had played an
important role in combating UFO secrecy. If he did accept
the Congress group role, it probably would result in the big-
gest break in the cover-up.
Before contacting Hillenkoetter, I took steps to locate
Commander "Brent." I knew his real name, but phoning
BETHUNE

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 682, "chars": 3947, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100
ALIENS FROM SPACE
Naval Personnel for his present station could be a mistake.
To avoid any link with the UFO subject I used a go-between,
a friend who dealt with various government departments as
a personnel specialist. Though he had a serious interest in
the UFO riddle he kept it quiet. I knew he could be trusted
-we had exchanged suppressed
information several times,
with no resultant leaks. As he is now in private industry I
can safely disclose the part he played, but not his name. I'll
call him Jack Morton.
I had a special reason for selecting Morton. In 1959 he had
met a Navy pilot stationed in Washington. After they became
close friends Morton mentioned his interest in UFOs. Later
the pilot revealed he had a close sighting while on a Navy
transport. When Morton gave me the details, in confidence,
I suspected this was the Atlantic encounter case. But the
pilot refused any contact with NICAP, fearing a possible
Icak to the Air Force.
When I saw Morton, at his home, I told him the situation
and he agreed to find out "Brent's" station. I asked it he
thought the Navy might have a "flag" on the commander's
file-a notice to refuse information and report any queries.
"I don't think so,"
" said Morton.
"That was some time back.
But to play safe I'll just say I know the commander and I
heard he was being transferred here. Then I'll ask for his ad-
dress so I can write him. It should be routine."
"Thanks," I said. "Say, about that Navy pilot you know
who had a sighting. If he really was one of the witnesses in
that Atlantic case, do you think he'd agree to join the com-
mander at that press conference?"
"I doubt it. He took eight months to decide on telling me
about that sighting."
"If he really was one of those witnesses he could be a big
help. He might get in touch with some he knew personally
and ask them to join in. The congressman who told me about
this said they'd guarantee immunity."
"How could they be sure? Maybe if Admiral Hillenkoetter
is..
INVISIBLE CONTROL
101
promised to protect them they'd agree. I'll ask this pilot cur-
ing the weekend, that is, if this was the same case. Mean-
time, I'll get the dope on the commander and phone you
tomorrow."
But the next day passed with no word. Morton's secretary
told me he had taken time off, but calls to his home went un-
answered. The following night, after repeated calls, i drove
out to his house. No one came to the door, but soon after I
returned home Morton telephoned.
"I've got to make this quick," he said hurriedly. 'That
Navy call raised hell—they did have a flag on that commander.
A clerk said she'd check on his station, but she didn't call
back. In less than an hour two CIA agents showed up at my
office. They had me get rid of my secretary-"
"Hold it a second, Jack," I broke in.
"Don't stop me-I'm taking a big chance calling you.
Those two agents really gave me the third degree. They made
me tell them who wanted the commander's address and why.
I could tell that the Congress meeting deal worried them.
They grilled me until I told them about the whole plan and
Admiral Hillenkoetter. 'That's all there is_"
Morton stopped for a moment. I heard his voice indis-
•tinctly, then he came back on.
"My wife's scared to death. I could be in trouble calling
you-they ordered me not to see you or tell you anything.
But I saw you at the house tonight and I knew you'd keep on
until you got to me. Look, I've got to go-for heaven's sake
don't try to call or see me again."
After Morton hung up, I felt a sudden guilt at involving
him in this operation. And yet we had no reason to expect
trouble. Twice before this, Morton had acted as go-between
and secured the addresses of military witnesses in fairly im-
portant cases. There had been no repercussions. Also, both
the CIA and the AF knew I had the Atlantic encounter re-
port but had made no attempt to contact the witnesses. The
main reason was a suggestion by Admiral Fahrney, in 1959,

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 581, "chars": 3514, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
102
ALIENS FROM SPACE
that we plan to use this startling case and the Navy air crews'
testimony when we got congressional hearings. We were both
confident that the Navy Department would produce these
witnesses without resisting a congressional committee sum-
But apparently the CIA and the AF fully realized the po-
tential danger in this case and had continued thoir safeguard,
even with no sign of trouble.
Whatever the answer, the damage was done now. With
the CIA aware of the Congress group plan, it would go all
out to block it. There was still one chance. If Admiral Hil-
lenkoetter was determined to go ahead, regardless of opposi-
tion, the Congress group would probably back him in an
open fight. I knew that he should be warned about the CIA
agents' action-especially since he had not yet been told of
the Capitol Hill plan. To avoid endangering Morton I de-
cided to fly to New York for a private meeting.
Next morning I phoned my secretary, Mrs. Lelia Day, from
Washington Airport.
"I'm flying to New York. If necessary you can call me at-"
"Wait," she said hastily, "there's an important letter here
you should know about. No one else knows about it yet. I
could read it to you, but_"
"Hold it. I'll be right in."
When I saw Mrs. Day's face I knew there was bad news.
She silently handed me the letter, went out and closed the
door.
As I had guessed, the Ictter was from Hillenkoetter.
Dear Don:
In my opinion, NICAP's investigation has gone as far as
possible. I know the UFOs are not U.S. or Sovict devices.
All we can do now is wait for some action by the UFOs.
The Air Force cannot do any more under the circumstances.
It has been a difficult assignment for them, and I believe we
should not continue to criticize their investigations.
:
INVISIBLE CONTROL
103
I am resigning as a member of the NICAP Board of Gor-
ernors.
As I rercad this incredible letter some of Hillenkoetter's
public statements flashed through my mind:
"The UFOs are unknown objects operating under intl-
ligent control.
... The Air Force is still censoring UFO
sightings. Hundreds of authentic reports by veteran pilots
and other technically trained observers have been ridiculed
or explained away as mistakes, delusions or hoaxes. ... It
is imperative that we learn where the UFOs come from and
what their purpose is. The public has a right to know. ..."
The most important statement of all was the one Hillen-
koetter had signed on August 22, 1961, Which was sent to
Congress after the death of Space Committee Chairman
Overton Brooks:
Acting with the majority of the NICAP Board of Gorer-
nors, I urge immediate Congressional action to reduce the
dangers from secrecy about Unidentified Flying Objects. ...
Two dangers are steadily increasing:
1. The risk of accidental war, from mistaking UFO for-
mations for a Soviet surprise attack.
2. The danger that the Soviet Government may, in a criti-
cal moment, falsely claim the UFOs as secret Russian weap
ons against which our defenses are helpless.
For the third time I went over the admiral's astonishing
letter of resignation. There was no hint that he had been
told about the Congress group's exposé plan. Yet it was the
only believable explanation. But Hillenkoetter had been al-
could he have been pressured into this complete reversal?
Threats would not have worked-1 knew this tough fighter
too well to believe that. The only answer was persuasion at
a very high level that it was his duty to help block the Cap-
itol Hill showdown-and to attempt a change in NICAP

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 1994, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
104
ALIENS FROM SPACE
policy. But this would still require some powerful reason for
continuing the secrecy. 'That it was some frightening situa
tion, to be kept from the public at all costs, I refused to be-
lieve. With all the confidential sources I had established since
'49 I would have had at least an inkling. In an effort to find
some clue, I went back over all the main points of the UFO
evidence. But the cause of the admiral's action was still a
mystery.
Regardless of the CIA and AF sincere motives, their long
suppression of the truth about UFOs is the greatest public
deception in American history.
On October 29, 1962, withholding information from the
public was admitted by Defense Department Assistant Secre-
tary Arthur Sylvester. If the ends justified it, he said, it was
not wrong to keep the public in the dark. In AF Regulation
11-30, withholding information "in the public interest" is
admitted as official policy. In AF Regulation. 11-7, it is stated
that sometimes information requested by Congress may not
be furnished "even in confidence."
In regard to UFOs, the CIA and the AF realize it is im-
possible to deceive all of Congress and the public. Their aim
always has been to keep the majority convinced that none
of the reports has been correct.
To carry out this program, they have been forced to resort
to the "Big Lie" technique to insure success. But in doing this
they have built up a foundation for dangerous alarm, if an
outbreak of mass UFO operations suddenly disproved tine
false claims.
After several publicized landings in 1064, the UFO censor-
ship officials were warned that sudden proof of UFO reality
might cause an uncontrollable wave of fear. Several AF Head-
quarters officers were considering, belatedly, what steps to
take in such an emergency, when the first phase of a new
crisis abruptly began.
Increasing from the first week in '65, UFO encounter re-
INVISIBLE CONTROL
105
since the UFO surveillance began. And the end was not in
sight.
*+++

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 416, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eg rrr ae ee ee ee
~ + a ee

- x i) 1s “iy, .

S AND 27 MEN

E

UNE 1973

SIX PLAN
DISAPPEARED ON THE FAMOUS

WHAT REALLY HAPPENED?

In this Issue

Crewe pees . Z
ial ' hiaiatel “ss wet bets em edad oP 5 vse “e ee te ee th ee ee pate "oe a4 k “2
. + Par

ee ee ee eee | a ee ee | ee ee ee ee al fy

ms
+
7

we
%)

beg

+
ors aay

+
ratad reir

fl cua 0d cae cee OO een SO an Od Geen Ge ee ao mom e..

en ee ee ee

_

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2470, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEWS LOOKS BACK
Crew members and passengers on
an R5D (C-54) experienced a dra-
matic UFO sighting in the pre-dawn
hours of a North Atlantic flight in
the early 1950s. Details of the in-
• teresting occurrence, as told some
years later by the pilot, Lt. "B," are
excerpted here through the coopera.
tion of the National Investigations
Aerial Phenomena
At the time of the event, Lt. Bowas
2838 years old, experienced in both
North and South Atlantic flight, with
qualifications in 38 types of aircraft.
UNIDENTIFIED
BETHE
FLYING
The weather was excellent. The
moon had set but visibility was good.
and the plane commander,
LT, Lede. K., who was in the copilot's
seat, could make out the horizon
clearly.
OBJECT
Asleep In the aircraft were two extra
crews, one a relief for B.'s men, the
other on board as passengers. The
R5D was at 10,000 feet on a south-
= Godhava
го0°
tasin
Godthaab
Frederikshaab,
'(Chidley Julianehazo
A
PROVOCATIVE
TALE
OUNDLAND
St John's
SIOn
niladelphia
shington
Norfolk
PC. Hatteras
-
• Bermuda ( Br./
avannah
CXanrady
westerly course for Newfoundland.
ground speed 200 knots. Three and a
half hours out of Iceland, midpoint
in the flight, they passed over a
weather ship on station off the coast
of Greenland.
The ship reported
normal conditions.
• he aircraft was on autopilo
LAet. K. and myself were o
constant watch for other aircraft. I
observed a yellow glow in the
distance about 30 to 35 miles away,
at about the one o'clock position and
below the horizon. My impression
was that there was a small city
ahead, because it was the same
glow you get from a group of lights
on the surface before you get close
enough to pick them out individually.
"Knowing that our course took
us past the tip of Greenland, my
first thought was that we hadn't
yet reached it, that we were benind
schedule and had drifted north, but
remembering that we had passed
over the weather ship, I realized this
was not the case. I called K.'s
attention to the glow and asked him
what he thought it was. He said that
it looked like we were approaching
land. I asked our navigator to check
our position. He did and replied that
Sir. of Denmark
Aretic Circle NORWEGIAN
'Angmagssalik
SEA
Reykjar
Faere ba
(Den.)
Shetland Is é
KINGE
Gla
NORTH
SEASO
Copenha
IRELAND
OCEAN
Bay of
c. Finisterre.
Pal
LANC
MiF
seill
ATLANTIC
AZORES POETUGAL
Lisbonl
"for. c. st. Vincent
Sir. ol Gibraliar 1f6
Rabat
algiers
Madeira 1. «'Casabl
(Port.)
CAMARY IS
15P.
LGERIA
NAVAL AVIATION NEWS

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 1054, "chars": 5995, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we were on flight pian and on course.
was tilted about 25 degrees.
"The lights were farther away
"It stayed in this position for a
than we thought because it took us
minute or so. It appeared to be from
eight to ten minutes to get close
200 to 300 feet in diameter,
enough to where the lights had a
translucent or metallic, shaped like
pattern (our ground speed was over
a saucer. A purple-red glow around
treemiles per minutej, about tou the perimeter was the same type o
or Temiles away. At that time, du
glow you get around the commutator
to the circular pattern of lights, I
of an auto generator when you
got the impression that possibly two
ships were tied up together and that
observe it at night.
"When the object moved away
lights were strung between them
from us, it made no turns, as though
for either transferring cargo from
it was backing up about 170 degrees
one to the other or that one was in
from the direction from which it
some kind of trouble.
approached us, and was still tilted.
"I asked the navigator to check
It was only a few seconds before it
his ship plot. He replied that there
was out of sight. (Speed estimated
were no ships plotted in this area
in excess of 1,500 mph.)
and that we were not close to the
"All of our cameras were within
shipping lanes anyway. The radio-
reach, but no one was calm enough
man also went on the air to the
to think about taking a picture. Most
weather ship, which verified that
of us were wondering what it was.
there were no ships in the area.
Our impression was that this was a
"Since it was time for Lt. J.'s crew
controlled craft. It had been either
to relieve us, I had the plane captain
hovering over the water or sitting
awaken them. When Lt. J. and Lt. M.
on it; then it detected us and came
• came up forward, I pointed the lights
up to investigate.
out to them. Their only comment
"After Lt. J.'s crew had taken
was that it had to be a ship because
over, I proceeded aft and learned
it was on the water and we were
that most of the passengers had
overtaking it fast. By this time, we
observed the same thing. Since 1
were five to seven miles away; it
was unable to identify the object, I
was about 30 degrees to our right:
asked Dr. M.. a commander in the
and we had to look down at about a
Medical Corps, if he had observed
45-degree angle. The lights had a
the object. He replied that he had
definite circular pattern and were
and that he did not look further
bright white.
because it was a flying saucer and
"Suddenly, the lights went out.
he did not believe in such things. I
There appeared a yellow halo on the
immediately returned to the cockpit
water. it turned to orange, to a fiery
and informed the crew to keep quiet
red, and then started moving toward
about what we observed because it
as at a fantastic speed, turning to a
might have been our first sighting
bluish red around the perimeter.
of a flying saucer (during those
Due to its high speed, its direction
years when you mentioned you had
of travel and its size, it looked as
such a sighting, you were believed
though we were going to be
to be crazy). Lt. J. informed me that
engulfed. I quickly disengaged the
it was too late because he had called
autopilot and stood by to push the
Gander Airfield in Newfoundland to
nose of the plane over in hopes that
see if the object could be tracked
we could pass under it because of
by radar.
the angle at which it was ascending.
"When we landed we were met
The relief crew was standing behind
by intelligence officers. It was
us: everyone began ducking and a
obvious that there had been many
few heads were hit on objects.
sightings in the same area....
"It stopped its movement toward
Subsequently, when we arrived in
us and began moving along with us
the United States, we had to make
about 45 degrees off the bow to the
a full report and I found out a few
right, about 100 feet or so below us
months later than Gander radar did
and about/200 to 300 feet in front of
track the object in excess of
us. It was not in a level position: it
1,800 mph."
June 1973
YEARS
AGO IN
NANEWS
MCAS CHERRY POINT — A favorite
ready room conversation for Second
Marine Air Wing pilots has been the
story of the "flying saucer" which re-
cently outsped an F9F Punsher jet•
Nying more than 500 mph.
The jes pilor,
Ist Li. Ed Balocco,
was on a local night flight from ALF
Edenton when alerted by Navy Nor-
folk tower to watch for a silver object
sighted from the ground near the
North Carolina-Virginia line.
Over Washington, N.C., the VMF-
224 pilot said,
"I saw what looked
like an airplane with red lights which
appeared 1o be below me.... It moved
from below me 10,000 feet vertically
in a matter of seconds."
Balocco silid he poured on the coal
and could noi close on the object at
first, then closed rapidly. He con-
sidered it a "big" object, the color of
white heat and throwing out a glow.
It had what appeared to be two red
lights on the lefthand side, flashing and
bouncing off the end, inscribing an arc.
As the objeet began pulling away
again, the pilot radioed other planes
in the arca to help track it. Diving
toward the spot where the object dis-
appeared, Balocco thought he saw i
flash bus was unable to see it again.
By then he was joined by Captain
Thomas W. Riggs of the same squad-
ron, who sighted an object flying near
the coastline but could not identify it.
Similar flashes were reported by a
Navy pilot from Norfolk and Gerald
" Midget of Oriental, N.C. Midget told
of the flash being followed by a ground
fire but no explosion. Marine heli-
• copters later searched the area and
found a small forest fire but no traces
The object was first reported by i
helicopter at 1747. Ground control
• intercept radar failed to pick it up
bur Balocco sighted it abour 1800.
Balocco, a veteran of 550 jet hours
and 1,000 fying hours, said visibility
was so good that from 20,000 feet ar
Washington he could sec the lights at
• Norfolk and the Cherry Point beacon.
He had the object in sight three or
four minutes.
•19

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1946, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25
Bibliography
-
The following is a list of publications known to me that discuss our UFO sighting.
It is probably not complete. Only items 4, 10, 12 and 13 were based on interviews with
me. Almost all of this material contains major errors of fact.
1. Flying Saucers - Top Secret, by Major Donald Keyhoe, 1960, Chapter 1, pages 9-26.
admiral Fahrney demands congressional hearings, page 26, Keyhoe is interviewed on CB:
"V, begins to say he has an important announcement, and CBS turns off his microphone
The entire Chapter 1 is attached as an appendix.
2. Confidential NICAP Report To Congress, by Major Donald Keyhoe, June 21, 1960,
page 56.
3. Aliens From Space, 1973, by Major Donald Keyhoe, Chapter 6, pages 92-105.
Keyhoe says NICAP intended to use our "startling case" and crew testimony for
congressional hearings. Page 103, Admiral Hillenkoetter's letter to Congress. The entire
Chapter 6 is attached as an appendix.
4. NICAP Newsletters for September and October 1970. These newsletters are attached
as an appendix.
5. June 1973 issue of Naval Aviation News, pages 18-19, article titled "Unidentified
Flying Object," a special issue that included a discussion of the famous "lost patrol" Flight
19 lost in the "Bermuda Triangle." This article is attached as an appendix.
6. UFOs Explained, by Philip Klass, 1974, pages 61 through 73.
7. Time-Life book series "Mysteries of the Unknown," volume titled The UFO
Phenomenon, 1983, pages 48-49.
8. Above Top Secret -- The Worldwide UFO Coverup, by Timothy Good, 1989, pages
268 and 486. This book contains an excellent account of Major Keyhoe's work, the
infiltration and destruction of NICAP by the CIA, and other U.S. Government activities
designed to obscure the UFO phenomenon. The 1951 North Atlantic encounter should be
seen in this context. Page 339, discussion of CIA order to debunk UFO reports and
discredit witnesses.
9. UFO Crash Secrets, by James W. Moseley, 1991, page VI.
•

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 791, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
10. UFOs: The Secret Evidence, a video film by Michael Hesemann, produced by CLIP
Film, Munich and 2000 Film Production, Dusseldorf, 1992. This video won six EBE
awards at the International UFO Congress and Film Festival, and was the best selling UFO
video for four years running from 1994 through 1997.
11. Beyond Top Secret, by Timothy Good, 1993.
12. Geheimsache UFO, by Michael Hesemann, 1994, pages 59-65, 223, 251-254. This
includes the color painting I did in 1970. It also has copies of our report on file in the
National Archives. This is a good account of our case, but only available in German.
13. UFOs The Secret History, by Michael Hesemann, 1998, Chapter 5, pages 57-64. My
1970 painting of the UFO is on the front cover and on page 234.
Copyright © 1999 Graham E. Bethune

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 17, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 33, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Appendix
-
_ ă C
