{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:17:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 900929, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123787-witness-10299-grandfather-roswell-base-general-built-crates-for-et-bodies.pdf", "source_sha256": "f1b21289d584685e939cd0461cb0e5d98c09a3f31abc96217791269aee373ad7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3462, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
XXXXXX|
Thursday, April 7, 2022 3:49 PM
XXXX
Fwd: Special witness information
- Forwarded message --
From: XXXXXXL
Date: Wed, Apr 6, 2022 at 12:40 AM
Subject: Special witness information
To:|
Hello Dr. Greer,
I have a lot of first hand information, as well as family information, to share with you.
The primary info is this: The government leaders and agencies, are not the real keepers of the secrets, which is why they are not
allowed to disclose it from their level. The info belongs to the military industrial complex, the super contractor groups, so in fact
military and government entities cannot release that which is not their info. They use military personnel, in most cases, to facilitate
some activities, but the owners of the Earth made materials is not the property of the government, which is what the greatest
coverup of misdirected funding is all about.
My history with EBEs begins with my childhood, I witnessed several craft and later learned that there were two regularly used
landing areas over the mountain on the ranch I lived on. I was introduced to them and had a long friendly history with them for
several years. While in the Air Force I mentioned them to members of the Apollo 11 crew while working at Edwards AFB, and soon
found myself in interrogations with grays. My last assignment was in 1988. All of my NDAs are long expired. The only issues I will not
discuss deal with actual US security and secrecy acts.
Involvement with craft and EBEs also goes back to the Roswell incident, as my grandfather
was the base general
contractor who built many of the wood and concrete structures there and was tasked with going to the crash site with two of his
employees (don't know their names) and a flat bed truck with lumber and plywood to make boxes for the items and cribbing for the
craft to sit on a larger flatbed truck trailer. As I understand it there were three trucks used in the recovery, which is a little more
than needed for the pieces of weather balloon they showed on camera that would fit in a grocery sack. My grandfather kept these
secrets beyond the short disclosure he gave me, while deeply weeping, because he and the entire family were threatened with all
manner of death threats if it was known that he ever spoke of that event. He passed away in 1989 of a heart attack.
I wasn't able to get my grandfather to tell any part of his story until 1967 when I relayed some of my experiences and he relented. It
would always bring him to tears to be reminded of it because he was tasked with making the three small boxes foe the three
occupants, one badly mangled, which he called the little children or babies when it told me about them. He said that they were
about 36" long and that he made the boxes with pieces of green canvas nailed in like hammocks to carry them and the lids were
screwed on. If anyone describes it otherwise they are guessing or misinformed.
While watching your most recent video about the new information and your April 8th conference in AZ, I felt it necessary to tell you
that fine point that | learned from various people and places to be factual that the military and Federal Government is not the
owners of the information, therefore they cannot divulge the information, except in cases like my own where I was a contractor and
no longer bound by any agreement or oath.
Best to you and your work, and you can contact me here by email as my best method of contact.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 30, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Best regards,
• Team Member
2
