{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T07:19:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1206045, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123769-karl-wolfe-air-force-veteran-saw-base-on-the-moon-from-lunar-orbiter-images-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "53c43343cf39a23a7c77966a2310baac77f95749ff6d3b0df9d45e16636dd2ff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tony 5
Witness!
To:
"Steven M. Greer M.D. ", Dr_ET
From:
INTERNET
Date:
11/11/98, 12:54 PM
Re:
Base on the Moon
Moor
eyel
Sender:
Received: from acme. sb
XX)
by dub-img-3.compuserve.com (8.8.6/8.8.6/2.16)
with ESMTP id MAA10228
for <IX
11 Nov 1998 12:53:58 -0500 (EST)
Received: from
(pm3-27.sbal.avtel.net [207.71.218.177])
by acme.sb (8.9.1a/8.9.1) with SMTP id JAA03436;
Wed, 11 Nov 1998 09:55:15 -0800 (PST)
Message-Id: <3.0.3.32.19981111095603.00a29c5c@west.net>
X-Sender: X
TT
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows
Eudora Pro Version 3.0.3 (32)
Date: Wed, 11 Nov 1998 09:56:03 - 0800
To: "Steven
M. Greer M.D."
From: "
Subject: Base on the Moon
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Moon Base Photo Said Seen by Top Security AF Vet!
http://
From
V
pris
11-17-97
Note: The following story was submitted by an Air Force veteran
with an above-Top-Secret security clearance. Although we cannot
vouch for the ultimate veracity of this story, and the author is writing
under a pseudonym because of his national security oath, we feel the
individual presents a strong degree of credibility. He states that he
"Nearly thirty years ago, my Supervising Sergeant called me aside
and informed me that there was a technical problem in a
highly-classified area elsewhere on the Air Base. At that time, all
systems were expanding to support increased military efforts for the
Viet Nam War. As a part of that, it was my job to support and
maintain highly-classified Intelligence and Reconnaissance-related
Electronic Photographic Systems, recently installed in a new Top
Secret facility on the Base. Our unit was under the command of the
Director of Intelligence at Headquarters SAC, Tactical Air
Command, Langley Field, Virginia.
My Supervisor stated that the Lunar Orbiter program had
encountered a problem with an Electronic Photographic Contact
Printer,
identical to equipment that was utilized in the darkrooms of
our own
Unit. This was the first Lunar Orbiter program, the purpose
of which was to bring back the first close-up pictures of the surface
of the Moon. These photos would later be utilized to select an
appropriate landing site for the first manned landing on the Moon, in
1969. As the only Electronics Repairman on the Base with a
Cryptologic Security Clearance, a step above Top Secret, I was
being loaned to the project to see if I could resolve the system
problem. More than excited at the prospect of helping out and
possibly having a chance to view the first close up photos of the
surface of the Moon, I was briefed on security, and gathered the
appropriate equipment and tools for the task.
Driving across the Base on the perimeter access road that skirted the
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2152, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
largest on the base that housed the Lunar Orbiter project.
Upon entering the hanger, I was asked to present my top secret
Identity Badge,
in exchange for their internal higher-level Identity
*Badge*; this was to be worn around the neck on a chain. Another
guard escorted me through a series of security doors to an expansive
open area within the hanger. Large black fabric curtains hung from a
groups stood talking quietiy, with a sense of seriousness and concern.
present, who appeared to be civilians,
to my self,
are they here? I had a very strange feeling - a feelin
nat something is off here, something is not quite richt.
study and release to the world, and how grateful the program staff
would be if there was anything that I could do.
back to earth from the Lunar Orbiter. Each surface scan covered a
narrow band of terrain, and successive orbits around the Moon were
required to assemble a complete photographic image of the Lunar
terrain.
The mosaic negative created by that process was then placed into a
Ray Tube, similar to the tube in a black and white Televison set. The
light beam was picked up by a photo-multiplier tube and, through a
Feedback 1oop, modulated by the various changes in density of the
photographic negative, enhancing the contrast, brightness and
resolution of the image in the process. The resulting 9.5 inch by 18
inch high resolution contact print was then examined by a
photographic interpreter or scientist, who viewed the images under a
microscopic type viewer, analyzing the features and terrain of the
Lunar landscape.
Left alone in the faint red light of the darkroom with the Airman and
equipment, much of which I had never seen before, I began to
question
the technician, attempting to discern what the problem
might be with the ailing contact printer. After a few minutes of
electronic control circuitry, which was comprised of several small
plug-in circuit modules. Having no spare parts on hand, it was clear
proos at best This was something that on not be done sin the
faint red light of a darkroom. The unit would have to be removed
from the darkroom and taken into a more appropriate space to allow
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 1962, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7 =7
for the accomplishment of the task.
Talking with the Airman on the other side of the room, questions
floated into my head. I was curious and fascinated with the whole
process. How were the signals from the Lunar Orbiter transmitted to
he lab? How where they converted into images on photographic
ilm? How were the images correlated and aliqned into the fina.
mosaic negative. I knew these were all questions that I should not
and yet, at the same time, I was alone with an Airman who was
Under normal operating conditions, many other people would have
been in the 1ab, part of the assenbly line of production. But, here we
were all alone, so I began to ask all those questions. After about
thirty minutes of technical discussion and a complete rundown on all
the steps in the process, the Airman turned to me and said candidly,
"You know they've discovered a base on the back side of the
Moon!". I said,
have i covere, base do you Moon and satreptiaos ye at the
same time dropped a photograph in front of me. There it was, a
mosaic print of the surface of the Moon, with some sort of geometric
sed cures a let thought cast mazose base st= con see spheres
realized the full implication: it was not anyone of this earth.
I did not dwell on the photograph - I quickly took it in visually an
loved away in case someone else should enter the lab. I knew that I
lad been given a gift, information that I should not have seen. Wit!
my *position* being that of a dutiful Airman,
I asked no further
questions and went about my business, quietly thinking to myself
that I couldn't wait to hear about this on the News in the next few
days! I told myself, do whatever you can to get this thing fixed...so
the world can see this and hear about it!
Base, but knew that that was forbidden, and
Now, here it is more than thirty years later, and I am still waiting to
hear the report on the Evening News of what was found on the back
Regards
web Administrator
CSETI
http:
3
