{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-21T21:10:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9765428, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123709-witness-10622-united-states-crypto-vietnam-ufo-1968.pdf", "source_sha256": "462810b19a18bd0fce9d747f7c59aeb51a4e02383bae4b8d889b4dce4121a380"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2125, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fwd: UFO Experience Vietnam
COVER - log (1) jpg; Log Text.jpg
potential witness
Forwarded message
From: X
Date: Sat, Jan 28, 2023 at 9:01 PM
Subject: UFO Experience Vietnam
To: <
Askud fer more
into
did not hear
back
Hello Dr. Greer,
First, thank you for your excellent work! I contacted your office about my experience regarding UFOs quite a
while ago. I was given your contact information by your office, but I didn't want to bother you while you were
producing another documentary. I also was having second thoughts about being involved in this matter at the
time. I have changed my mind.
My experience:
My name is
and I was a CTR (Communication Technician Radio) aboard the USS Bonne
Homme Richard (the aircraft carrier). I had a Top Secret Crypto Clearance. I was trained to copy "cut
numbers"(a type of Morse Code) and intercepted messages originating from North Vietnam Air Defense
networks.
Many countries in the world used encrypted Morse Code to relay information. In this case, North Vietnam
used "cut numbers" (a shortened code of numbers) to track their aircraft and ours. Although the messages
were encrypted, it was easy for us to break their code and access that information in real-time. This capability
was very important since we didn't have effective radar capability at the time to track MIGs flying at very low
altitudes, below our radar cover.
Our team was a very small detachment aboard the ship, and our mission was to seek out and track MIG
locations via tracking messages. One day I received a briefing to "watch out for helicopters... we think that
North Vietnam is now using helicopters" After several days and not seeing anything abnormal in the
intercepted messages, I asked my superiors if there was anything new about the use of helicopters because I
saw no evidence of them. They said: "We made a mistake. Forget about it" So I did.
Shortly after that, I was handed a message (since I had the proper clearance and "need to know") All I can
recall about the message was as follows:
"15 unidentified aircraft were tracked. Four we believe to be helicopters; the other 11 we
cannot identify"
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3334, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That is all I remember today since it was over 50 years ago. I was given the message to read so I could be
made aware since tracking enemy aircraft was my responsibility, I had the clearance and the need to know.
A few days after that, I asked my superiors what had happened to that report "Did we ever figure out what
the other 11 aircraft were?" I clearly remember the response: "Oh, that was a joke" I replied, "A
joke?? A joke?? We are sending jokes over our most secure encrypted system, DURING THE
TIME OF WAR, and handing the message to a person whose responsibility is to track all such
enemy aircraft??"
"Just forget it," was their response.
So, after watching your excellent documentary "Unacknowledged" and listening to retired military describe
their encounters, I decided to do a deep search on the internet to see if I could find anything on my event
concerning UFOs Attached is the document I found.
This log originally had been classified as 'Secret" and is now declassified. As you can see, it discusses "15
unidentified aircraft, originally thought to be helicopters" (which was the original
presumption) Radar and visual contact of the aircraft, flying up and down the DMZ, but no idea
what they were. (I can email better scans of the document, which might be more presentable, or you can
try to find this log on the net. It isn't all that easy to find, IMO!
Consider the following:
1. This log "originally believed to be helicopters" ties into everything I remember aboard the ship and the
"Watch out for helicopters" warning (as I remembered)
2. The number of aircraft (15)
3. Radar and visual were used, but STILL, the craft remained unidentified
It is obvious to me that this cannot be some sort of coincidence. The only conclusion I can make regarding
the event is that my superiors lied to me. I had the clearance and the need to know, but they still lied to me.
I checked to make sure I was aboard the carrier during this event. I arrived on the Bon Homme Richard on
June 1, 1968, for duty. According to the log, the event occurred on June 15th, 1968, so I was onboard at the
time of the event.
There was another event two days later that I cannot document with certainty, but given the track record of
the USN, I strongly tend to believe it.
HMS Hobart Hit by Fire:
On June 17th, 1968 (which is only a couple of days later of the dated log entry, our ship went into "General
Quarters" This was highly unusual to me since the US controlled the seas...nothing got close to us without
being blown out of the sky. The HMS Hobart, an Australian Guided Missile Destroyer on patrol, was hit by fire;
hence we went into General Quarters.
After several hours or so (the exact time I don't know) General Quarters ended. I asked my supervisor what
the heck had happened. "The HMS Hobart was hit. We thought it was the enemy, but it turns out it
was friendly fire."
"Friendly fire?? How does that happen???" (I knew there were procedures in place to identify ships,
etc., before attacking). We also controlled the seas, so any enemy activity would have quickly been squashed
before it started. Also, any report of an enemy out to sea should have been met with skepticism "Well, the
F4 pilot thought he was attacking a helicopter" (here we go again...helicopter)
Just didn't make sense to me:. Consider the following:
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 1881, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. June 17th, the attack occurred while the Hobart was near Tiger Island, a hotbed of UFO activity.
2. The log indicated tracking of UFOs near Tiger Island on the 15th of June
3. Pieces of US missiles were found on the Hobart and offered as proof of friendly fire
4. There are reports (whether true or not, I don't know) that two F4's were scrambled to intercept some
contacts in the vicinity of Tiger Island. They fired 2 missiles at the unknown craft, but nothing
happened, so they returned to their base.
5. Supposedly 6 hours after the F4's returned to their base, the Hobart was hit. There have been claims
by some of our military that UFOs have the ability to literally return our fire. I have no proof of that
either, but check out a couple of following interesting articles.
Check these out:
https://journalnews.com.ph/a-harrowing-series-of-ufo-incidents-during-the-vietnam-war/
This posting gains critical commentary, but from my experience then, it is credible.
https://ranveteranswelfare.asn.au/news/Message%20Board/Hobart/20UFOs.pdf
Around this same time, a message came over our safest encryption scrambler, which was still encrypted...
doubly encrypted. I was watching the Lt in charge of our attachment break out the code to read the message
when he asked if I would leave the room. I had the clearance but apparently not the need to know. When
the Lt came out of the room, we all knew it had to be a really hot message. His eyes were wide open, and he
look visibly shaken, even scared. This is a seasoned officer, and a skirmish with another country like China or
Russia would not have surprised him at all. I can only imagine, and I would be willing to bet my life that
message described the activities and actions of UFOs. My take. No proof, but it was around the same time.
Feel free to contact me by email or on my cell if you have any questions.
Best regards,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1850, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
in the Khe Sanh area after the press announcement of friendly
witnarawal from the combat base. Near Khe Sanh, the largest
Contacts occurred toward the middle of the month when 186 and 131
3/4 Vard.
NA were KIA by 3/4 (USNG) on 15 and is June respectively.
PW ' s
identified their unit as the 88th Regiment of the 308th Division.
Earlier, the 102nd Regiment of this division had been identified
by PW' s
River (XD 7832), on the Laos/Quang
Tri Province border, to hue, wntle
Aerial
attacks against Khe Sanh did not occur.
Additionally, indications
of the presence of elements of the 304th Division around Khe Sanh
began to diminish. In the northeastern portion of the province,
there were several contacts but major portions of the 320th Division
appeared to have withdrawn into the DMZ. Toward the end of the month
ARN and U.S. Forces contacted enemy forces east of Quang Tri City.
In one contact, the 1st Air Cavalry Division accounted for 225 enemy
KIA and 38 PW's. The enemy unit was identifled as the 814th Battalion
of the Quang Iri Liberation Front.
During the late evening hours of
15 June approximately 15 unidentified aircraft, believed to be
enemy helicopters, were reportedly sighted in the DZ area. Since
that time there have been numerous sightings, both visual
and by
radar, of unidentified, slow-moving UFO's in the DIZ area and sea-
ward toward Tiger Island. No hard evidence of these aircraft has
In Thua Thien Province the enemy was occupied
yet been received.
with resupply and assimilation of replacenents for most of the month•
Enemy units withdrew westward to their base areas in the face of
friendly sweep operations. The most significant
curred on 3 June, 16 km southeast of Hue (YD 970160) when elements
contact of the perted
anne Division and the ARV Black Panther Company
2OBEVOPS broadcasts. Induced 86 enemv.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 112, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
BECLASSIRIED
COMMAND CHRONOLOGY
- /
7L6S
AIR GROUND TEAM
PARINE ANPHIBOUS FORESE
JUNE 1968
804 155
DECLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2064, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Xer
1
From:
Thank you for the information! There were many Ufo cases during Vietnam. Do you know anyone who was there who
may be able to give more information on the nature of the Unknowns (speed altitude non-aerodynamic movements
etc) ?
1 appreciate your help
Sent from my iPhone
First, thank you for your excellent work! I contacted your office about my experience
regarding UFOs quite a while ago. I was given your contact information by your office, but I
didn't want to bother you while you were producing another documentary. I also was having
second thoughts about being involved in this matter at the time. I have changed my mind.
My experience:
My name is
_and I was a CTR (Communication Technician Radio) aboard the USS
Bonne Homme Richard (the aircraft carrier). I had a Top Secret Crypto Clearance. I was
trained to copy "cut numbers" (a type of Morse Code) and intercepted messages originating
from North Vietnam Air Defense networks.
Many countries in the world used encrypted Morse Code to relay information. In this case,
North Vietnam used "cut numbers" (a shortened code of numbers) to track their aircraft and
ours. Although the messages were encrypted, it was easy for us to break their code and access
that information in real-time. This capability was very important since we didn't have effective
radar capability at the time to track MIGs flying at very low altitudes, below our radar cover.
Our team was a very small detachment aboard the ship, and our mission was to seek out and
track MIG locations via tracking messages. One day I received a briefing to "watch out for
helicopters... we think that North Vietnam is now using helicopters" After several days and not
seeing anything abnormal in the intercepted messages, I asked my superiors if there was
anything new about the use of helicopters because I saw no evidence of them. They said: "We
made a mistake. Forget about it" So I did.
Shortly after that, I was handed a message (since I had the proper clearance and "need to
know") All I can recall about the message was as follows:
