{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:16:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 295178, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123785-witness-10517.pdf", "source_sha256": "c4dc8d203acf1897ed98fb8022914ef9c59020696861871e6eec300eac5ee38e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4377, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: Witness rept-PN
Date:
07/19/2000 12:09:47 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
To: DrSGreer
Witness Archieve Project
Notes from a phone call on July 18th, 2000(10-11pm) by XXX
Compiled July 19, 2000.
Note: does not answer the phone, but will call back if you leave a message on his machine. He will be around over
the next 1-2 months at least. No major plans to travel. He is willing to be videotaped under full identity and "has no fear over
an interview". He comes across as articulate, though he tends to get diverted easily and thus rambles a bit. He knows a lot!
He stated that he has worked with several members of congress, but declined to tell me more at this point. Note that when
we spoke two years ago he told me he also consulted for certain members of the military in the Pentagon. Preston obviously
has had a lot of experience in this area as a very knowledgeable and clever technician and "inventor." He continues to consult
with the black budget world. My sense is that he also has worked in the area of mind control. I think that an interview would
be very worthwhile, and that under those circumstances he may be willing to fill in more details. He does however, throw in
"outrageous" stories now and then, so that one is never sure what is real. I suspect he does this to protect himself as a lot of
these folks do.
Education: University of Tampa, BS in Electrical Engineering, never "activated" his degree, so remained as a technician since
he was able to make more money in overtime at his company (engineers were on salary). He worked for a "black ops"
company called AIL (Airborne Instruments Lab) on Long Island which is now a division on EDO Systems(?) and "no longer the
same company." He worked there for 18 years and left in 1990. He is presently a lecturer, author and consults for various
govt. agencies. His books include: Nichols and Moon, Encounter in the Pleiades: An inside look at UFOs and three books
also with Moon on the Montauk Experiments.
as two experiences he will talk about at this stage. Both have been described in his book (Chapters 3 and 4)
mentioned above, though some dates and names have been changed. A synopsis of each follows:
1. Wright Patterson UFO encounter in 1975 (late August). A total of 6 people from his company (AIL) were taken to WP Air
Base to an underground facility to examine a 50 ft craft in order to reverse engineer the communications system. He
describes the craft in detail in his book including four antenna pods on the bottom and the interior descriptions. They spent a
week there, working 12-14 hours per day on the avionics systems, though they did explore the whole ship. The electronics
boxes were similar to what we make, but none of the symbology on the items was from this earth - nothing he recognized
The communications system seemed to work over very wide range (100 megahertz to 100 gigahertz) at the same time offering
millions (billions?) of channels at the same time. All functions were time shared in real time. A central "computer system"
controlled it and synthesized information. Later he spent years working on multichannel systems. He speculated that some
of our present spread spectrum technology might be similar. He also noted that on the ship there were gyros (to his surprise)
and mind reading chairs for the pilots.
They were told several things when there. This was not a UFO but "Foreign Technology." The govt. had built the whole issue
of UFOs into an outrageous topic so if they talked about it no one would believe them. They signed standard secret forms and
were told that: If you talk about this they (AF) would make their life miserable. When they retured home, most of the team
was sent to diferent places around the country, only his boss and he remained at the company. His boss is now dead. He
has had no contact with the others.
As an aside, he has noted that the billion channel SET system may be using some of the technology he observed on the
UFO and later worked on at his company. Perhaps they are really looking for UFO communication signatures. He wondered
where they got the ideas. He also noted after seeing the SETI systems that the costs were not $100,000 but many millions of
dollars of at least some strange expensive stufi. He indicated that there may be much more to SETI search than meets the
Walnaaden hal 10 20nn
Enmarconia, Mritiraar
Donor 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 1970, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
public eye.
2. The second incident happened in the Spring of 1989 on Long Island though the book describes it as occurring in September
of 1989. This is described in Chapter 4 of his book called: UFO Torpedo Man when he worked for the "BJM Company",
actually AlL. Based on experiences in New Mexico back in the late 40s with SAGE radar and the Roswell crash, it had been
discovered that UFOs were sensitive to radiation in the 435 megahertz range. Thus, by pulsing radiation between 420 to 450
megahertz it was possible to shoot down craft especially if it were somehow linked to some kind of particle beam.
His company was hired to develop such a system and he developed and tested it at Fort Meade. Later in 1989, he become
involved in what became known as the Moriches Bay case later described by John Ford, founder of the Long Island UFO
Network. For his part, he and two others were told to take his transmitter to Smith Pt. Park on Long Island. There they met
others who had set up a 75' antenna with a refrigerator sized object at the central focal point. His transmitter only put out
about 1 kilowatt of power. He was told to hitch up his system into the antenna which he guesses would allow his system to
somehow modulate a particle beam at the right frequency. Sometime around 10 pm a "flying wedge", several football fields in
size, come from the north escorted by several helicopters, he saw two, heard 4-5. He was told to turn on his device, and the
craft fell out of the sky with a thud so that the ground shook even though it hit the water. He was then told to disconnect his
gear and leave because there might be trouble. He feels he had a memory block put on him which he later overcame. One of
the other people with him had no recollection of the event, while the second person later talked with Preston describing what
he though was a dream about the whole thing.
PS. I will send copies of his book chapters to you by mail.
....do. -d... .....an mana
