{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:27:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 827819, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123707-robert-jacobs-witness-report-8-1-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "9cd9db0f3bf0c5028093500aa85f41354b4084d35ac7f26d1d05734c23b74359"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1330, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Witness Report: Jacobs
Date: 8/1/00 9:24:24 PM Easter Daylight Time
From:
To: 1
WITNESS REPORT:
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record same
Professor and Coordinator of Audio/Video Production
Department of Communication
Home:
(confirm that this is home)
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history reievant to the testimony (ie; govemment, military, intel., corporate)
United States Air Force officer
May, 1963 - May, 1966: First Lieutenant; Officer-in-Charge of Photo-optical Instrumentation in the 1369th Photographic
Squadron at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Directed a 135-person section providing photo documentation of launches.
First to be awarded the Air Force Guided Missile Insignia for making a "significant contribution to America's Missile and
Space Program" - awarded for his establishment of a long range missile tracking site at Big Sur, Califomia
Currently: Ph.D.Professor and Coordinator of Audio/Video Production, Department of Communication, Bradiey University.
PhD. Emmy-award winning television producer for local WEEK-TV 25.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony, providing salient information on date, location; position and
involvement at the time of the UFO/ET event or project
Tuesday, August 01, 2000
Compuserve: Xingpt
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3525, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was stationed at a photographic tracking site 124 miles from Vandenberg on Big Sur - 3,400 ft elevation at the foot of
Anderson Peak - to photograph 11 missile launches over a period of 30 days. For the first time, he was operating the BU.
Telescope, owned by the Aerospace Sciences Division at Air Force Eastem Test Range (AFER) at Patrick Air Force Base,
Florida, with a focal length of up to 2,400 inches and a recording device capable of enhancing the image. It could document
minute events at distances of from 300 to 800 nautical miles.
On either Sept. 2, 3, or 15th, 1964, an Atlas missile with a dummy warhead was launched from Vandenberg in support of the
Nike-Zeus objective (development of an anti-missile missile) in broad daylight. The camera locked down on the image;
providing a side look at 3 stages of powered flight of the missile. He didn't watch the screen. He took the film to Vandenberg
and it was developed that night.
Next day,
o his office at Headquarters. There were 2 men in grey suits who
spoke little but watched him intently. The film of the previous day was shown. He marvelled at how clearly he could see the
different parts of the missile; 60 miles up and 300 - 500 nautical miles down range. Suddenly, a classic disc shaped UFO
with a dome in the middle of the top haif flew into the frame. It maneuvered around the warhead, flying in orbit around it as it
few 8 thousand miles per hour. It emitted 4 intense flashes of light at each of the 4 cardinal compass points of its orbit,
coming from beams of tight just beneath the dome, which hit the missile. It departed, and the warhead malfunctioned and fell -
the UFO had shot it down.
asked if anyone was fooling around with the camera, and Jacobs told him no. He then told Jacobs that what he
saw never took place, and that he was to say nothing about it. Jacobs realized that no one on earth had spacecraft that could
fly circles around a suborbital capsule.
Id him if he was pressed, he could say it was laser tracking. We didn't
have such a thing at the time.
The men in grey cut out the part of the film with the UFO encounter and took it with them.
in 1973: He spoke about it on local radio in CA; in 1982, wrote article for National Enquirer since no one else would run it; in
1989 for MUFON joumal.
He and his wife were death threated by numerous calls in the middle of the night and his mailbox was blown up. He was
forced to keep a loaded gun at home (he lives 35 miles from the nearest town)
4. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation : Is he / she willing to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we
want to discourage this except in rare cases)?
Fully cooperative; willing to be interviewed
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or corroborating documents and other materials
Dr. Mannsman - who told Jacobs to keep his mouth shut - came out and verified Jacobs account, in writing. He says, "the
assumption was, at that time; extraterrestrial." Has provided more details on the craft than Jacobs since he saw the flm
numerous times. He is obviously another witness and l am in the process if contacting him. Bob says he has more to offer
than just this incident - explosive stuff, if I can get him to come out with it.
became a PhD physicist at Stanford and now lives in Fresno, CA (not far from me). He had throat cancer and had
his larynx removed (talks through an apparatus) ~ not in great health, had a stroke this year.
Tuesday, August 01, 2000 Compuserve: XingPt
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2783, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Air Force denied that officer
the photographic tracking site at Big Sur, and the launching and/or malfunction of the
Atlas ever existed.
has photographs and documents verifying everything except the specific launch and its having been
filmed. AF denied a missile ever malfunctioned; Jacobs has official Air Force report that documents air force photography from
Big Sur and says "one powered flight anomaly was observed" and says that one missile malfunctioned during the test period.
Jacobs lists & denials of Air Force which they were forced to admit when he came up with the documentation.
Mannsman has divulged four other high level officials (by rank and position, not name) who saw the film. They need to be
tracked. I should be able to get their names at Vandenberg.
Researchers have requested the film through FOIA but couldn't get it (because it doesn't exist)
He has detailed, technical photographic information about the BU and its operation
He is sending a packet of documentation and names and numbers.
6. Always ask if the witness has other evidence; networks, or contacts to other witnesses which could be useful to the project
(they may not offer this and so this should aiways be asked).
In 1973, he heard from:
- was then a university physics professor at Humboldt; CA worked at KRED radio in:
Arcadia, CA as program director. Was an Air Force Security NCO in Iceland while in the Air Force in 50s - landed in Iceland
to guard B52's - saw ET figure on ridge and then a UFO. His partner communicated with the ET. Bob has had no contact with
him since 1973.
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and credibility, and how the witness comes across (
articulate, etc) .
Extremely articulate, and a SUPERB witness. He's profoundly in touch with the implications of what he has seen; a serious
and astute person.
This case has these incredible elements:
1.. the event was corroborated by the very individual who imposed the coverup on the witness (and there may be others who
will come forward)
2.. the coverup has been proven, because his documentation forced the AF to retract its denials
3.. the incident - a UFO disabling a missile with a nuclear warhead - ties right into the Star Wars scenario and points to an
ET connection for this program. He can speak to that.
This is one of the very most significant cases I have seen.
8. Let the witness know that we will be contacting him/her later to set up a date to conduct a full interview.
He knows filming will be August - October. I would like to be kept informed of any steps taken with this witness as / am
continuing to dig on this case, and I am keeping in contact with him: This report will need to be updated.
August 1, 2000
Tuesday, August 07, 2000 Compuserve: Xing Pt
Page: 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 143, "chars": 1101, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
« DOCTYPE HIML PUBLIC "/AW3C//DTD W3 HTMLIEN">
<HEAD>
«META content=text/html; charset=iso-8859-1 http-equiv-Content-Type>
‹META content="MSHTML 4.72.3110.7" name=GENERATOR>
</HEAD>
<DIV>
WITNESS REPORT:
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record
same
Professor and Coordinator of Audio/Video Production
Department of Communication
Home:
(confirm that this is home)
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony
1 (ie, govemment, military, intel., corporate)
United States Air Force officer
May, 1963 &ndash; May, 1966: First Lieutenant; Officer-in-Charge of
Photo-optical Instrumentation in the 1369th Photographic Squadron at
Vandenberg Air Force Base. Directed a 135-person section providing photo
documentation of launches.
First to be awarded the Air Force Guided Missile Insignia for making a
&quot; significant contribution to America&rsquo;s Missile and Space
i Program&quot; &ndash; awarded for his establishment of a long range missile
tracking site at Big Sur, Califomia
Tuesday, August OT, 2000 Compuserve: Xingpt
Page: 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2769, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Currently: Ph.D.Professor and Coordinator of Audio/Video Production,
Department of Communication, Bradley University. PhD. Emmy-award winning
television producer for local WEEK-TV 25.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness&rsquo; testimony,
providing salient information on date, location, position and involvernent at the
time of the UFO/ET event or project
vas stationed at a photographic tracking site 124 miles from
Vandenberg on Big Sur - 3,400 ft elevation at the foot of Anderson Peak &ndash;
to photograph 11 missile launches over a period of 30 days. For the first time,
he was operating the BU Telescope, owned by the Aerospace Sciences Division at
Air Force Easter Test Range (AFETR) at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida; with a:
focal length of up to 2,400 inches and a recording device capable of enhancing
the image. It could document minute events at distances of from 300 to-800
nautical miles.
On either Sept. 2, 3, or 15th; 1964, an Atlas missile with a dummy
warhead was launched from Vandenberg in support of the Nike-Zeus objective
(development of an anti-missile missile) in broad daylight. The camera locked
down on the image, providing a side look at 3 stages of powered flight of the
missile. He didn&rsquo;t watch the screen. He took the film to Vandenberg and it
was developed that night.
Next day,
summoned
So his office at
Headquarters. There were 2 men in grey suits who spoke little but watched him
intently. The film of the previous day was shown. He marvelled at how clearly he
could see the different parts of the missile, 60 miles up and 300 &ndash; 500
nautical miles down range. Suddenly, a classic disc shaped UFO with a dome in
the middle of the top half flew into the frame. It maneuvered around the
warhead, tying in orbit around it as it flew 8 thousand miles per hour. It
emitted 4 intense flashes of light at each of the 4 cardinal compass points of
its orbit, coming from beams of light just beneath the dome, which hit the
missile. It departed, and the warhead malfunctioned and fell &ndash; the UFO had
shot it down.
asked if anyone was fooling around with the camera, and Jacobs told
him no. He then told Jacobs that what he saw never took place, and that he was
to say nothing about it. Jacobs realized that no one on earth had spacecraft
that could fly circles around a suborbital capsule. Mannsman told him if he was
pressed, he could say it was laser tracking. We didn&rsquo;t have such a thing
I at the time.
The men in grey cut out the part of the film with the UFO
encounter and took it with them.
In 1973: He spoke about it on local radio in CA; in 1982, wrote
article for National Enquirer since no one else would run it; in 1989 for MUFON
joumal.
Tuesday, August 0T, 2000 Compuserve: Xingpt
Page: 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2110, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
He and his wife were death threated by numerous calls in the middle of the
night and his mailbox was blown up. He was forced to keep a loaded gun at home
(he lives 35 miles from the nearest town)
4. Ascertain the witness&rsquo; degree of cooperation : Is he / she willing
to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we want to discourage
this except in rare cases)?
Fully cooperative; willing to be interviewed
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or
corroborating documents and other materials
Dr. Mannsman &ndash; who told
o keep his mouth shut &ndash; came out
and verified Jacobs account, in writing. He says, &quot; the assumption was, at
that time, extraterrestrial.&quot; Has provided more details on the craft than
Jacobs since he saw the film numerous times. He is obviously another witness and
I am in the process if contacting him.
says he has more to offer than just
this incident &ndash; explosive stuff, if I can get him to come out with it.
became a PhD physicist at Stanford and now lives in Fresno, CA (not
far from me). He had throat cancer and had his larynx removed (talks through an
apparatus) &ndash; not in great health, had a stroke this year.
The Air Force denied that officer
the photographic tracking site at
Big Sur, and the launching and/or malfunction of the Atlas ever existed. Jacobs
has photographs and documents verifying everything except the specific launch
and its having been filmed. AF denied a missile ever malfunctioned; Jacobs has
official Air Force report that documents air force photography from Big Sur and
Force which they were forced to admit when he came up with the documentation.
Las divulged four other high level officials (by rank and position,
not name) who saw the film. They need to be tracked. I should be able to get
I their names at Vandenberg.
Researchers have requested the film through FOIA but
couldn&rsquo;t get it (because it doesn&rsquo;t exist)
He has detailed, technical photographic information about the
, BU and its operation
He is sendin
:
Tuesday, August 01, 2000 Compuserve: XIngps
Page: 6
