{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T11:57:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 460729, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123743-testimony-of-arnold-house-boeing-aerospace.pdf", "source_sha256": "6e2c807c92deb2353963a8b2597142afcdd634ef0cefec2e1a025dc6f9d0235c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 3036, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Testimony of A. H., Boeing Aerospace
December 2000
A.H. is a person who has gained significant information from inside the UFO
extraterrestrial groups within our government, military, and civilian companies. He has
friends at the NSA, CIA, NASA, JPL, ONI, NRO, Area 51, the Air Force, Northrup,
Boeing, and others. He used to work at Boeing as a surface technician. He was
introduced to four-star General Curtis Lemay and one day went to his house in Newport
Beach, CA and spoke with him about this subject. Lemay confirmed the ET crash at
Roswell. AH's NSA contact told him that Henry Kissinger, George Bush Sr. as well as
Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev were all aware of the ET subject. His CIA contact
told him that the USAF had shot down some of these spacecratt. A friend of Af's who
worked at Boeing was part of crash recovery and personally saw and carried ET bodies.
AH says that a group in the FBI discovered that radar testing was causing interference
with some of the ETV's and that this was what was causing so many crashes. He also
says that there are underground bases testing and maintaining extraterrestrial
technology in Utah (reachable only by air), Anza California, Edwards AFB in California,
Eglin AFB in Florida, London England, Norton Air Base in ca, RE: The SR71, The Closed
Hold Hanger and The Roswell Craft That Was There and many other locations Area 51
and WP.
AH: A. A. SG: Dr. Steven Greer
AH: ..And I asked Curtis LE May and I said Curt, when you were in the Air Force out of the 100
percent of the sightings [of UFOs] that came into the Air Force how many of them remained not
identified? And he said out of the 100 percent that came in only 35 percent of them could not be
identified. And I asked well, why couldn't they have been identified. And he said because the
craft were too damn fast. We can't catch them. In fact, he used some foul language in there too
in his explanation.
And then I asked him about the Roswell crash, if that really occurred. And he looked over at me
and he shook his head yes that it did occur. And I said that I was particularly interested in the
strange writings that were found inside. I asked if they were ever deciphered. And he said as far
as he understood they were not deciphered when he was in office...
Then Curtis Le May started to open up and talk about Roswell and the crash that occurred. And
he told me that he was aware that it wasn't ours, it wasn't the military's, the Air Force or the Army
or the Navy, and that it was a highly strange vehicle that crashed....
And by the way, Majestic 12 is real. MJ12 did exist. But it does not exist today. The name was
changed Reagan tried to Change it to the Pi 40 Group, the positions are still the same Henry
Kissinger is very knowledgeable about what's going on. Henry Kissinger was in the loop, I was
SG: Who told you this?
AH: A friend of mine who worked at the NSA [National Security Agency] and Navy oni intel told
me this. He saw Henry Kissinger's name on documents. He saw George Bush's name on some
...

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 659, "chars": 3665, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A CNN reporter in Washington, D.C., the second time that Gorbachev came to America, was
able to interview Gorbachev and his wife. When they got out on the street they drove the security
detall up the wall. And a CNN reporter asked Gorbachev 'do you think we should get rid of all our
nuclear weapons?' And his wife stepped in and she said, no, I don't think we should get rid of all
our nuclear weapons because of alien spacecraft
Now CNN put this story on for the half hour, on CNN headline news; I heard this and I jumped up
and put a blank tape in to record the next half-hour. Well, that story disappeared and you know
who intercepted that. It was the CIA that got involved with that, because I know that they were
monitoring CNN and all interational headlines at that time. They squashed that, but I heard it
And this tells me that my information is correct about Ronald Reagan, from my NSA source. The
secrecy is just total overkill as far as I'm concerned. And the Congress needs to know about this
information.
The CIA agent, Brent Merrill from Long Beach ca, told me that he had dealt with the United
States Air Force regarding missiles to try to shoot these down, when they come into our airspace.
He told me that he was aware of the situation and it's extremely classified, but he was aware of
what was going on. He was a national intelligence agent. He said that we hit several of them in
Nevada over Ely, Nevada, and other portions of New Mexico, near Albuquerque.
SG: Did he indicate what time frame these things happened?
AH: This was in the 70s 80s...
Yes, I have. I met a gentleman who was in the Army who was involved with several crash
recoveries when he was in the CID and in the Radio Signal core. In 1947 when he was inducted
in the United States Army in 1948 several of his friends were in the CIC, counter intelligence, and
they became very close to one another. And They handpicked a friend of mine that worked at
Boeing Aircraft Company in Long Beach to become a part of ET crash recovery/ retrieval in
northern New Mexico.
He saw some of the aliens and witnessed the craft guarded this crashed disc that had crashed
and they gave him an M1 carbine rifle to guard against anybody who tried to get close to it. And
they were given orders to shoot anybody without authorization. They recalled him on several
other crashes. They had to fly him with blackened out windows to several of the crash sites....
My friend had seen personally the dead aliens. They had dark almond-shaped eyes, a rather
large head- a little bit larger than a human head. Their bodies were about the size of about a
nine-year-old child. They had four fingers, no thumb. He told me that they all looked like they
came out of a mold, because they all looked the same. And their mouths were just a small slit.
They had real small ears, no hair on the head, just really strange looking to him. He thought they
were probably part of genetic research. But the technology that he saw in the craft could not be
of human origin because of the fiber optics that were found inside. And some of the slide
switches that they had inside the craft we didn't have and nobody else on Earth would have that
type of technology....
The 1948 crash was Part of the Same Event Radar and Weather Storms VLF and ELF.
He told me that he picked up one of these aliens and put it onboard one of the jeeps. And he said
that it felt like it weighed only about 45 pounds at most, maybe 40. And they put them in body
bags and took them to Wright Patterson Air Force base at the time. Later they started taking
some of them to Colorado and northern New Mexico and then later on to Area 51 in the late

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3436, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1960s. All crash debris and technology and anything that had to do with the alien connected
phenomenon, all went to Area 51Groom Range after that date....
They found out that the radar testing in New Mexico was the cause of a lot of them that were
crashing. When they would get too close to high powered transmitters When Transmitting they
would interfere with their guidance control and they would just crash. The other craft that crashed
we had shot them down with our military weapons yes they can be shot down.
One of the things that I do remember him telling me is that there is another alien group that looks
a lot like the human race, and they are called the Code Name the Orange....
Area 51 Employee did tell me that he worked on the craft to back engineer them. He's aware of
their existence. He knows that I met the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, General Lemay. He told
me several times of the testing that took place at Area 51, that some of them come up behind the
mountain. And they just blank out and disappear and then they appear about 15, 20 miles away
within about 20 seconds and just reappear. And they do that back and forth ... RE:BK
SG: These are made by humans?
AH: No, these are the real things. These are the craft that he has been working on. This is our
military testing these ET vehicles up at Area 51...
He was working for Northrop. Directly for Northrop. He was not working for the military. He was
receiving his paycheck from Northrop.
SG: So Northrop has an involvement with Area 51.
AH: Oh, yes. So does Lockheed Martin, Boeing Aircraft. Boeing does trucking for Area 51. Also
Hughes is involved. Most of the major defense contractors have something to do with Area 51.
Boeing trucks for Area 51. I do know that for sure. I found that out from a friend at Boeing that
told me that they were hiring up there for trucking for some of the military sites. And I found out
from him that he had personally gone onto Area 51, escorted to Area 51, from the main highway.
This witness is still alive. In fact, he knows where the aliens are originating from. As far as he
understands there is an underground area there and there are a lot of extraterrestrial debris
down below Area 51 and stored in some sort of a containment area. But he has never seen any
extraterrestrials at Area 51 walking around and conversing with anybody. He just saw the craft
and the technology that they're trying to extract from these vehicles to incorporate that
technology into our fighters and possibly some of our space programs. NOTE he is now Passed
on.
They have developed laser technology and sound wave defense mechanisms from studying
these ET craft. They can use sound waves to blow up tanks and buildings. And some of the laser
technology came from these craft he told me about. And I also found out that they are moving a
lot of the personnel and some of the equipment and some of the extraterrestrial technology
equipment and craft to a base up in Utah...and Anti Grav.
[I have heard from other deep insiders that this is true and that the most important facility now is
totally underground and in Utah, accessible only by air. SG]
Project Red Light is a program to test these vehicles and extract as much information as possible
from the alien connected projects to find out how these things operate. They want to gain as
much information for our fighters and bombers and for our space connected projects. I was told

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 707, "chars": 4001, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
by people who were in the Army and the Air Force and people that worked at Area 51, all of
whom corroborate what was going on regarding Project Red Light. And Project Red Light is still
continuing as of this day also here in ca. Note: at north Base.
So, Northrop hired him to go up there and help the cause up at Area 51 to try to find out how
these things work. And I believe that he started in 1980. And he left there about 1997.
And by the way, Project Red Light and Project Grudge, they are all intermixed. The director of
Project Blue Book, Robert Friend, told me this. He was fully aware of Project Red Light and
Project Grudge/ Blue Book Report No. 13 was written by him. Robert Friend used to work at
Fairchild in Redondo Beach on Aviation and Rosecrans. We talked for about an hour on the
phone - he was also reluctant to talk to me about the phenomenon until I told him that 1 met
General Lemay, and of course the CIA and FBI agents.
And so then he started to open up and talk to me about UFOs. I asked him about some of the
crash debris that were taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base after the Roswell crash. He told
me that yes some of the debris and the bodies were taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in
Dayton, Ohio, RE: the Blue Hanger and some of the other stuff was taken to a base in Florida.
And that shocked me because i never heard anything about a base in Florida...
He said that we're trying to get a lid on this to try to minimize the sightings and quell the news
media and the witnesses that are reporting these sightings to the news media. The Air Force
wanted to push this thing under the rug and continue to research it and just get a handle on it. He
confirmed that the Air Force wanted to steer the news media off on some crazy idea that these
sightings were created by college pranks and balloons and meteorological problems...
What he told me regarding the security ramifications were that if their military personnel talked
about this they could be court marshaled or at least threatened to be court marshaled to get him
to back down. Other intimidations would be to hold their paychecks back, transfer them to other
bases where a lot of people would not want to go to, like Alaska.
My NSA contact was in the Army. The NSA is a part of the Army and he was in advanced
intelligence gathering. He had a top secret umbra clearance. He trained at the NSA, at Fort
Meade, MD. And then they transferred him to a satellite monitoring station. He received several
transmissions from the Pentagon and from other satellite monitoring stations of the NSA that they
were tracking ETVS [Extraterrestrial Vehicles]... We've intercepted many of their signals during
the 60s 71 to 78. But Carter was largely left out of the loop -- the control group didn't trust the guy
for some reason. They were afraid that he would come out and make blanketed statements to
the news media and they just didn't trust him, they Briefed Him on the iran case a Little only.
They left him out of the loop...
This NSA witness entered in 1974 and left the military, the NSA, in about 1985. He said that
Henry Kissinger was involved with the study group back in the 50s to study the ramifications of
this information, and to determine what would happen if the information was leaked through a
credible source, Bill Cooper Also Said This When he Was in The US navy They were to do a
study and pass off classified information to certain outside study groups such as the Rand
Corporation and other think tanks of this nature.
Basically, these projects were controlled by the Majestic 12 group, which is no longer called
MJ12. I'm trying to find out the new name of this group, my contact that worked at Area 51 knows
the name of the group, but he's refusing to tell me the name I Believe its Name is Group 6.
Basically it's an oversight group intermingled with the National Security Council and the National
Security Planning Group in Washington, D.C. There is a group called the National Security

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2877, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Planning Group that overseas everything. And Majestic 12 is intermingled with these people, the
National Security Planning Group.
They have full control. They alert the President of what's taking place and he either authorizes or
just says, hey, you guys go at it. They have full control. They have no Congressional oversight
whatsoever. They answer to nobody, except for the President of the United States. But they are
trying to push even that aside, away from the President, from what I understand.
The Presidents no longer have that much control over these groups anymore. It's like a separate
entity...
And the President is losing control. He's just absolutely starting to lose control over this. That's
why Carter was not brought into the loop...
The NSA also collaborates back and forth with the NRO, the National Reconnaissance
Organization RE: it's not a office. regarding tracking and intercepts, along with NORAD, the Air
Force and the Army. They are all in on it and it's all connected with the top secret group called
MAJI Control Yes it's Real.
SG: What did he tell you about MAJI Control and how that operates?
AH: MAJI Control is controlled by the Office of Naval Intelligence. It's a top secrete collection
group, like the Central Intelligence Agency and the NSA. In fact, the ONI is just like the CIA. It's a
top-secret organization within the Navy. It's similar to the NSA and the CID. It's all encrypted
information. They have agents out in the field, just like the CIA, collecting information. It's all very,
very top-secret...Please Note That Reagan Tried to Change The Name to Pi 40 Group.
Most of the craft operate on antigravity and electro-Gravitic propulsion. We are just about at the
conclusion state right now regarding antigravity. I would give it may be about 15 years and we
will have cars that will levitate using this type of technology 20016. We're doing it up at Area 51
right now. That's some of the stuff that my buddy worked on up at Area 51 with Northrup, who
lives now in Pahrump, Nevada. We're flying anti-gravity vehicles up there and in Utah right now...
For example, the information that we have managed to collect regarding the face on Mars, which
I know for a fact is real, would have a great impact. I have another contact at NASA, JPL that I
haven't mentioned. I can't mention too much about it because he is still working there. This
person that I know is very high up in NASA. He said they know it's a face. They know that it was
carved by somebody other than us. In an imaging area, they know for a fact that the face on
Mars is real and that it was not made by windstorms or trick of lighting or anything like that. They
know for a fact that the face on Mars was made from an extraterrestrial race that came here to
Earth about 45,000 years BC. ...
Back to Contents
or Continue with Government Insiders/ NASA/ Deep Insiders
