{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T04:42:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2425374, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123710-witness-10948-united-states-in-the-navy-during-mass-ufo-encounter.pdf", "source_sha256": "b19ae76e443cb065ba5a21d7d55836de3cc0dca7f4e73d863c634866ea16847d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 583, "chars": 3363, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sent 33 2015
Dr. Greer asked me to send you my testimony from when I was in the Navy during a
mass ET encounter. He wants this to get to him asap so please don't lose this, its
important.
My first month at sea was in TAD (Temporary Assigned Duty) in RAM (Rapid Action
Maintenance) which is a Supply Division within the ship that stores aircraft parts for
every squadron on the ship. During my time in RAM there was 2 occasions where our
shop which was located in Hanger Bay 1 was quarantined and no one was allowed to
leave the shop, not even to use the facilities. However our role as RAM took
precedence over any operations that were being conducted within the hanger and our
shop supervisor gave us the go ahead to deliver a F-18 part to one of the squadrons. I
wasn't called out to do this run. My friend X
did the run. He told us there were
nukes in hanger bay 3. There were armed Marines all over hanger bay 2 and 3 and
stopped anyone trying to enter. X
Xhad to go through Bay 3 to access a storage
room which was all the way Aft 3 decks below hanger level. It was the only way in and
out of that area. He said "there were Radioactive Symbols all over these large crates
stacked with the Bombs, and Missiles" Ordinance handles weapons so why would
marines be needed for just ordinary bombs and missiles?
During the 2003 Operation Iraqi Freedom: [Shock N Awe] Campaign around 3 weeks (l
can't remember the exact date because I just didn't think to write it down) into the war at
0330 aboard the CVN-71 Teddy Roosevelt, we just recovered our strike wings. Our
aircraft carrier group was operating in the Mediterranean Sea near Syria doing tandem
night/day missions with the Truman. Our carrier was operating at nights and all our
aircraft were on deck except our Sea Hawk at 7 O'clock 2 miles aft encase crew are
blown off deck or a plane plashes down.
My job during this operation was an Aviation Structural Mechanic, my task during the
event of this particular night retrieval was guarding the port Prop as our plane sat facing
Aft in the Six Pack behind Number 1 JBD (Jet Blast Deflector). My friend AM3 Hardon
was standing guard at the port wing, aft as wing guard encase the wings unfold from
their position. My task, guarding the port Prop consisted of waving a blue wand Mag
Light at the deck with a blue lens where the prop minimal safe distance was so no one
got killed and watch out for would be skylarker's.
I glanced to my left (aft and up) to the night sky and saw 5 strange and totally out of
place large glowing yellow Balls of brilliant Light. They were around 20-30 ft. in diameter
and the formation was maybe 100-200 ft. across. They approached our Carrier from
Port to Starboard and passed directly over our carrier traveling around 300-400 mph.
There was no craft in the sky except these objects and they had no flight surfaces.
Conventional flight characteristics such as noise at that speed, which normally even
during flight operations and retrieval of F-18's and Tomcats at the period even AE-6B's
could be heard from the deck passing over the carrier upon arrivals. These craft made
no sound at that velocity, left no exhaust contrail which can be seen too from
conventional aircraft even at night. They were just pure light, strange light, and what's
more mysterious is they illuminated the clouds, sky and even the air yet no light

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 2756, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reflected off the water, or illuminated the carrier deck and was not blinding to gaze at.
They were quite bright but calming to look at.
At first I was scared because I knew right away these were not "our" aircraft and
realized "IF" they were ours they were violating a serious airspace regulation upon
approaching an operational aircraft carrier. No weapons of any kind were fired, no Sea
Sparrows, no Sea Wiz tracking operated and nothing appeared to be causing the stir
that was racing through my mind as I was rationalizing and realizing what was taking
place before my eyes within a matter of 30-40 seconds. I looked around stopping deck
crew as they walked by "WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!" Pointing with vigorous surprise! |
had never seen anything like it before. I got a few shoulder shrugs, and head shakes
with surprised looks. I even screamed at a Yellow shirt Officer to my rear left holding
park, with his wands "on shoulders" for an F-14 Tomcat (Top Gun Jet) behind me and
yanked him around and pointed "SIR WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!!!" He pulled away
with anger but was shocked in disbelief what he witnessed, which I found amusing. As I
tried to maintain my task of guarding the props and watching where I'm standing so l
didn't get killed leaning into the propellers. I saw the far right Orb turn instantly from a
yellow to a Red, split slowly from the formation and I eventually lost sight of the ET craft
over the wing of the F-14 Tomcat behind me, the Ship was listing side to side which
made it difficult to track them. Our carrier was traveling at landing speed winds so it was
extremely windy at the time, clear sky, and no weather at all. The moon was not out if
my memory serves correctly. It was a Pitch Black night sky.
Later in 2007 I had asked 1 of the officers I remembered being in the CIC mission
compartment in that E-2C Hawkeye I guarded which by the way is the airplane I worked
on, I asked him if those objects ever showed up on his radar. I knew he knew what they
were but was most likely ordered never to speak of it. I had been a bit of a trouble
maker in the past with not getting along with coworkers, and getting hurt a few times so
this was a good excuse for them to fabricate a false story about me saying I would blow
up Aircraft, burn down the hanger and other ridiculous non-sense. So I asked this officer
1 month before my EAOS discharge from the Navy and the next thing I know I'm being
sent to captains mast. The US navy did an investigation about me asking guys in my
hop what I've been doing, and they completely fabricated things I did not say. I wa
ent to restriction and discharged 5 days short of my EAOS with only a Copy of my DD
214 and they refused to give me my original, and parts of it was incomplete.
