{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T06:27:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2489403, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123713-witness-10948-in-the-navy-during-mass-ufo-encounter-united-states-email-4-6-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "165dd104204a583489ae07a6523e8894ceb9fa9fe88c81118d58d09304a212e0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1295, "chars": 7308, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Gmail*
Mail
Contacts
Tasks
Compose mail
Inbox
Buzz
Sent Mail
Drafts
Spam (8)
Trash
Personal
Travel
5 more y
Chat
Search, add, or invite
XXXXXX
Preview Invite
попранн
Search Mail
Search the Web
Show search options
Elder Care Mngt Degrees - Online Elder Care Degree Programs - Designed For Your Life - And Future
« Back to Inbox Archive Report spam Delete Move to
Labels
More actions
Fwd: Witness testimony
Inbox x
nil, taro
witner
4/1
About th
XXXXXX
ails 2:20 PM (4 hours ago)
Here's an interesting witness account.... his military experience starts just after the
My name is X>
XXXXXX. Ive been lucky to witness not only 1 UFO incounter but 2 in my life time. A possible third as well but
unsure. I am a US disabled VET living in XXX Pennsylvania close to 45 mins away from XXXXX
XXXXX
My first UFO experience was in 09/10/2001 at 9:15 PM in the parking lot of Redlobster where I worked after hours with a freind I was
talking to. Standing there bullshitting with my freind XX cant remember his last name. Peared over my shoulder and pointed behind
me and asked "what the F-ck is that" I turn around and say"what" He says"No that, up in the sky" i look and see this wierd paper back
shaped and colar object hovering, moving slowly just beyond the XXXXX aft parking lot. We stood there for a minute to grasp what
we were seeing and I said," well it cant be a plane".. X responded "hahaha ya thats for sure" I said "and it cant be a hot air baloon
cuz i know they are required to use lights at night and youd see the pilot light for atleast 10 miles away" XX says "ive never seen
anything like it, it almost looks like a paper bag floating in the sky" I say" ya i know right? 1 dont think its a blimp either cuz they have
lights to"
This object had no lights on it at all, and the only reason we could see it was because of the City Lights. We decided to go check it out a
little closer in my car. We get in my red Nion and drive down 322 East towards the mall, and take a right onto the Mall BLVD. I had my
head out the window and XX was sitting on my door window seal with his hands on my roof. I was being carefull not to jerk the wheel
and watch this thing get closer. Pople were all over the road parked and watching this thing. We musta seen 15 cars pulled over. When
we got to the road to go to Rockton (forget the name) we turned left and seen people outside the Gateway Bar pointing and yelling
(Omg) We head down that road which would go beyond the mall and intersect where the Object would be passing over. As we got
closer, it became apperent very fast that this object was enormous. We get right under the object as it passes over us about 3000 ft
above ground and measured what apeared to be 1000+ ft accross and 4000-6000 Ft tall. There was a large cloud that broke around the
object and created mini tornados behind it. The oject was moving at about 20-30 MPH and when it passed over us it was Totaly hallow
inside. There was this Black smoke with purple sparks swirling into a vortex about half way up inside this thing. Swirling into a center
mass and dissapearing like a black whole effect almost. Purple sparks along with this black smog would materialize from the sides. It
made no sound at all. Being in the middle of no where all we could hear was the wind. The object eventualy passed over us and
disapeared into a thick blanket of fog. I didnt have a camera but i know i saw people take pictures from the Bar. I never seen anything
about it in the news paper or news. No one ever mentioned anything about it at all. I told my boss about it the next day and she got
scared lol. I was a non-believer before this but was intrigued after.
It wasnt untill I joined the US Navy and entered a War with Iraq that I would realize that there is real alien life out there monitoring us
During Operation Iraqi Freedom
Im not sure of the exact date but I know it was around 0330 in the Mediteranian Sea During Operation Iraqi Freedom. 3 weeks into the
war. I was an AM3 (Aircraft Structural Mech) recovering our E-2C hawkeye from a Strike wave recovery. All the aircraft just landed on
the deck, onboard the XXXXXXXXXX CVN 75. Our E-2 600 was parked in the Six Pack facing aft. I was manning the Port Prop
marking with a Blue flashlight where the prop line was. All the Aircraft were still Turning and there was a Yellow Shirt behind me holding
park for a tomcat. I was almost back to back with him. Keeping an eye out for random walking deck hands was my job when guarding
the props. I heard over the loud speekers "All Birds on Deck" that means all aircraft have been recovered sucessfully. The only aircraft
that was still airborn was our Sea Hawk to pick up stragglers that would fall over board from jet blast during flight operations. It was at
our 7 Oclock about 2 miles away blinking.
I glanced up just for a split second to see the night sky and out of no where... There 5 yellow spheres like metal balls 10 " in diameter in
a V formation about 100" spread formed right over our carriar. These metal spheres were glowing this wierd yellow Flame. It looked just
like the aura of heat coming off the Suns Surface if you were to black out the center of the Sun. At a side angle thats what these objects
looked like but had the wierd halo flame look all around the skin. No panel lines were visible. Oh ya and they were about 50" off the
deck serface so pretty close, they Moved away to our starboard side only hovering for a split second. as they past over us I stumbled...In
shock and looked around to see if anyone else was seeing this. There were a fiew people so I grabbed the Officer (yellow Shirt) behind
me holding park for the Tomcat and screemed in his ear "WT"F"is that" He jerked away and looked up and screamed "OMG WTF" I
have no idea" he said. I ran away from my post and grabbed 1 of my buddies AE2 Jonhson and asked the same thing. He said "I Dont
XXXXX
As these objects moved away I went back to where I was supposed to be but kept watching these objects. I had a hard time paying
attention. Just as I was about to lose sight of them over a Tomcats wing the far Right Light broke off and turned Red and shot accross
the Sky so fast instantly it left a beautiful trail of red Light. Looking like a lazer in the night sky. I was in awe and dumb stuck. The
formation started to 1 by 1 shoot accross the sky leaving this hazy red light contrail behind them in the same direction leaving 5
amazing streaks of light. It was soo awesome I didnt know what to think.
Since I was in 3rd Grade ive studied aircraft of ever size and shape in the history of the world and could almost name every plane I saw
by looking at it in the day time sky, just by sight or sound. I know my aircraft very well. Every plane has a distinct sound and profile. !
can tell you with great certainty these were not Aircraft of this planet. Theres no way in hell it was some Missle, hovering in 60 knot
landing winds, or some swamp gas in the middle of the Mediteranian sea, or some random weather balloon beaming bright yellow lights
After this incident happened, when I went down below deck and talked with the guys in our shop our supervisor yelled at me not to talk
about it. He said theres no such thing as UFOs, Aliens or what ever. I know he had no connection with Majestic or who ever but he realy

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 91, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4/6/11 6:45 PM
pissed me off.
Thanks for reading Sincerely
XXXX
XXXX
XXXXXXXXX
Page 2 of 2
