{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:14:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 814529, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123702-robert-jacobs-a-critical-analysis-of-the-curious-events-at-vandenberg-afb-september-1964.pdf", "source_sha256": "5baac9dabf2809d3cc605ba8793418532814709c52960449fecd4fb986508553"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 446, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SM aR Pate eH yi se aT a i es 4 nee

cathe eee es

nee
ube 7 a ayaa, .

wed rc Si oh ait ae

rns * “at

Pk eg Bate Bete a Sasi wi igh me

e OFFICIAL U PUBLICATION OF

ra

a er as Bite Nea oe eh . te sae Rear dtantis

Be See

x |
at ae

Acts

~,,

ey Su CWO. pees ote ok ee SEE ee sates ae eaeege it og
eft'to‘right:‘CW uy M: Spoons Bob dake ee U1 uithor), Mr.

ve,
we ote at a
mote ¥ thy oF

a
7
ete .
k
“sy any * ‘
7 ee Ff,

+
Ft ave HY .
ms a

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 785, "chars": 4866, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Deliberate Deception:
The Big Sur UFO Filming
A Critical Analysis of the Curious Events at
Vandenberg Air Force Base in September, 1964
By Bob Jacobs, Ph.D.
This is an article about the filming
and subsequent U.S. Government
coverup of a UFO which interfered
with a dummy Atomic warhead one
Autumn day in 1964 high over the
Pacific Ocean off Vandenberg Air
Force Base in California. It is a first-
hand account of an event. Before
dealing with it and the subsequent
revelations which have come from a
variety of sources since 1964, con-
sider this brief discussion about UFOs
and The Press.
It is a sad and curious fact that
much of the literature surrounding
the UFO phenomena appears in the
highly sensationalized "tabloids." Once
relegated solely to pulp newsprint,
this form of idiot-journalism has now
moved into television with personali-
ties like Geraldo Rivera,
Morton
Downey, Jr. and a growing number
of other slime merchants. Owing to
the prejudice toward this kind of
journalism shared by intellectuals,
academicians and the celebrities who
frequently decry being victimized by
the tabloids, such exposure has tended
to desensitize the American Public to
the potential seriousness of the UFO
issue. Since tabloids seem to be writ-
ten stylistically by and for the lunatic
fringe, then UFOs are seen broadly
as the purview of lunatics exclusively.
If one wanted deliberately to deni-
grate an issue, to relegate it to the
trash heap of pop culture, one could
not do so more completely than to
insure that the issue falls into the
hands of The Star or The National
Enquirer or Geraldo Rivera! Perhaps
a case could be made for the UFO
evidence having been delivered over
to garbage journalism by design as a
method of discrediting it.
MUTUAL UFO Journal, Number 249, January 1989
We know, for example, that at the
beginning of his involvement with the
subject, the late Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
later Chairman of the Department of
Astronomy at Northwestern Univer-
sity, was employed by the United
States Air Force with Project Blue
Book to "debunk" all "flying saucer"
sightings. His famous "Swamp Gas"
conclusion has lived in the popular
mythos long after the good Doctor's
formal recantation of it. And, in spite
of some of the general popularizing of
the subject in films like Close Encount-
ers of the Third Kind and E.T.,
Johnny Carson, David Letterman and
other television talk show heroes, still
get comic mileage out of poking fun
at UFO investigators, "swamp gas"
and the frequent loonies who claim to
be incarnate space ships or to own
condos on Venus.If the tabloids were
not paid off to run as many mislead.
ing, bizarre stories on UFOs and
UFO Fringies as possible, always
making these fales appear to be from
or about some dimwit in the hinter-
lands, then they may as well have
been.
Deliberate deception, Machiavellian
conspiracy, coincidence or just the
luck of the draw ... whatever the rea-
son, the resultant tabloid "sleaze fac-
is a handicap for any scholar
wishing to engage in research into
what is, in fact, a fascinating and deli-
ciously intricate field worthy of serious
study.
I am a scholar, a card-carrying
Ph.D., and a university professor in a
department of Journalism and Broad-
casting. Some years ago I was an
officer in the United States Air Force,
the first officer in the photography
career field, by the way, to be
awarded the Air Force Guided Mis-
sile Insignia; the "Missile Badge."
Those are facts. Another fact is
that I have been a participant in an
official United States Government-
ordered UFO coverup. I've been rid-
iculed by some of my colleagues in
academia because in 1982 I wrote an
article about this coverup and it
appeared in The National Enquirer. It
was not my intention to become a
tabloid writer then or now. The
Enquirer turned out to be the only
publication I could find which was
interested in printing the article at all.
Both academic and mainstream jour-
nals and periodicals turned it down
cold over the period of nearly a year
during which I submitted and resub-
mitted it. I was told by editor after
editor that UFO stories weren't "pubish-
able." I thought the story was impor-
tant then. That's why I let a tabloid
publish it. I still think it's important.
That's why I responded to the invita-
tion to write it for this journal.
So much for preamble about the
Big Sur Background
Six years then, after it first broke,
here is my report on what we photo-
graphed at Big Sur along with some
of what has happened since 1982 in
plain, unheroic, non-sensational, unex-
purgated and non-tabloidized English.
I earned the "Missile Badge" for
making a "significant contribution to
America's Missile and Space Pro-
gram," so the citation read, while I
was Officer-in-Charge of Photo-optical
Instrumentation in the 1369th Photo-
graphic Squadron at Vandenberg Air
Force Base, California from May,
3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1064, "chars": 6288, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1963 to May, 1966. My work in estab-
lishing a long range tracking site at
Big Sur, California in large part is
what convinced the Air Force to give
me that cherished award. The cir-
cumstances that took me to the
"Missile Badge" ceremony as well as
to that lovely and mysterious bulge of
California coastline known as the Big
Sur ended up changing my mind
about a number of things, including
the nature of our government, the
nature of my personal belief systems
and the nature of the universe.
It began with a man named King-
ston A. George. "King" George had
the title of Operations Analyst for
Headquarters, Ist Strategic Aerospace
Division. The engineers, civilian and
military, whose job it was to evaluate
the instrumentation photography which
we provided on every missile launch
down the Western Test Range, were
unhappy, he said. Shooting tracking
footage from Vandenberg only pro-
vided a look up the "tailpipe" of the
missile. What George said they wanted
was a side look at all stages of
powered flight. This side-look was not
possible from anyplace on the base.
Because of the tortured California
coastline, such a view was possible
from one spot. Big Sur.
Topographically, Big Sur is both
north and west of Vandenberg. We
reasoned that we might get the shot
the engineers wanted if we could get
high enough to provide both a line-of-
sight to the base and to put us well
above the offshore fog bank which
blankets the California shoreline much
of the year. Because of the 124 mile
distance from Vandenberg to Big Sur,
the final things needed were a lens
with a very long focal length, a
recording device capable of enhanc-
ing the image and a tracking system
on which to mount them.
According to George, such a device
was built and ready to go. It was the
Boston University telescope, owned
by the Air Force Eastern Test Range
(AFETR) at Patrick Air Force Base,
Florida and under the direction of
Mr. Walter Manning in the Aerospace
Sciences Division at AFETR. The
optical segment of the device was a
folded Gregorian telescope with a 24-
inch diameter objective mirror and a
4
240-inch focal length. The lens appa-
ratus was sealed from the air and
insulated against heat and cold. A set
of Barlow extenders could yield effec-
tive focal lengths of from 480 to 2,400
inches. (The normal focal length lens
35mm camera is about two
thing else. The solution was really
very simple.
On June 10, 1964 1 lead a group of
people to the aerie I had discovered
earlier near Anderson Peak at an ele-
vation of 3,400 feet on a Forest Ser-
vice fire trail, 9 miles into the woods
and uphill from Highway 1 in Big Sur.
The light sensing element of the instru-
With me on that sunny summer day
ment was an image orthicon (televi-
were my NCOIC, Chief Master Ser-
sion) tube. The I.O. could enhance
geant Ike N. Davis, Jr., NCOIC of
the optical image, convert it to a ser-
my Tracking Section, Staff Sergeant
ies of electrical signals and display it
Jules Devine, Kingston A. George,
on a Kinescope where it was photo-
with a Technical Sergeant Porter
graphed with 35mm motion picture
from Ist STRATAD and a Mr. Paul-
film. Because the IO. had remarkably
son from Patrick Air Force Base at
low noise, the gain could be "cranked"
Cape Kennedy. All of us agreed that
quite high to record very low light
the truck could certainly pull the B.U.
level objects. Such a device could
up to this site with no trouble. Could
record sources of light emission or
we now get timing pips to it?
reflection which were tens of times
We had with us that day a portable
too weak for detection by other pho-
radio transceiver which we used at
tographic methods.
Vandenberg to communicate from
The B.U., as it was called, was
my office to the mobile vehicles and
ideal for the purpose. One of the
our tracking sites on base. At Van-
primary goals of our mission, accord-
ing to George, was to provide infor-
denberg I had Airman First Class
Joseph Williams standing by. He had
mation on the "minute events follow-
wired the output of one of the timing
ing propellant depletion — at distances
signals to an identical transceiver to the
of from 300 to 800 nautical miles."
to the one I had. At my command he
(italics mine)
activated the radio and transmitted
If we could find a level place,
flawless timing signals to us at Big
accessible to the B.U. (not easy, con-
Sur, just as we had in a test weeks
sidering that the scope with its
earlier. All that was necessary with
tracker was just a little smaller than a
the B.U. would be to patch-in our
conventional moving van and had to
receiver to its timing signal input on
be hauled by a heavy duty, cross-
the 35mm motion picture camera.
country type diesel truck) and see
Timing was no problem. There was
the missile through the haze well
happiness on the site and my "Missile
enough to lock in on it with the track-
Badge" was assured that day.
ing mount, we still had one problem
On August 28, 1964, I lead a con-
left. Engineering sequential photography • voy up the Pacific Coast Highway
is of little use to the viewer without
through Pismo Beach, past Hearst
the addition of timing marks on the
Castle at San Simeon and into what
film. This time code received from
would be history. Technical Sergeant
Wheeling, West Virginia tagged each
Thomas Dodd was my NCOIC for
individual frame of film with a refer-
the remote site. He would operate
ence point in real time to the moment
our standard M-45 tracking mount
of engine ignition and launch. The
with conventional 35mm Mitchell film
coded pips of light were recorded in
cameras to compare with the results
the sound track area of the film by an
of the B.U. Telescope. AIC Joseph
exciter lamp driven by the signals
Williams was along to handle com-
from WWV. On the base, timing sig-
munications and timing. AIC Daryl
nals were sent to the cameras by
Winters was also along. As a sad
hardlines from the blockhouse. Run-
sideline, Winters would become the
ning a line to Big Sur with the neces-
first and only Air Force photo man to
sary amplifiers would have been too
be killed in action in Vietnam a little
costly, particularly for what was only
over two years later. Our Air Forts
a feasibility test. We had to try some-
troop camped at the preselected fire.
MUTUAL UFO Journal, Number 249. January 1959

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2764, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Crew posed in front of the B.U. Telescope at the Big Sur, California site. Front Row, 1 to r: AIC
Joseph Williams, T.Sgt. Thomas Dodd, Lt. Bob Jacobs (author). Second Row: AIC Daryl Winters, Mr.
Paulson, Unidentified B.U. Operator, Major Florenz J. Mansmann, and CWO-4 Guy M. Spooner. Third
Row: Unidentified B.U. operator, Kintston A. George and Top, Unidentified B.U. operator.
trail turnout near the summit of And-
erson Peak, set up our M-45 and
waited.
On August 31, 1964 the B.U. Tele-
scope arrived on site with its truck
and its caravan of people for a 30 day
test period. Walt Manning was with it
along with a crew of three operators
and one supervisor. We were also
joined by two people from Vanden-
berg: Chief Warrant Officer Guy M.
Spooner from the Operations Section
of the 1369th and Major Florenz J.
Mansmann from Ist STRATAD. With
a celebratory air, the B.U. was set in
place and made ready to perform.
Mansmann and Spooner went back
to Vandenberg. The rest of us settled
in to prepare for the first of what
would be a total of 11 launches from
the base during the 30 day test. Nine
of these would be photographed
through a major portion of powered
Mutual UFO Journal, Number 249, January 1989
flight by both the B.U. Telescope
operating with effective focal lengths
ranging from 1200 inches to an aver-
age of 720 inches, and with the con-
ventional cameras and shorter lenses
of the 1369th's M-45 mount.
The Incident
One of these launches would inspire
an official government coverup and
provoke an investigation and search
for the filmed record which goes on
to this day. Here is what happened.
To the best of my recollection and
based on sketchy records, the date of
the event was most probably either
September 2nd, 3rd, or 15th, 1964.
The launch was of an Atlas missile. It
was an Atlas-F as I recall strongly,
but it may possibly have been an
Atlas-D. The flight was in support of
the Nike-Zeus objectives. Nike-Zeus
was one of the United States'
pro-
jects to develop an anti-missile mis-
sile. This particular mission was part of
a test of an enemy radar-defeating
system. The whole program in hind-
sight seems very primitive, possibly
futile and even a bit silly. Nearly a
quarter of a century ago in 1964 it
was deadly serious business.
At the Big Sur tracking site we
were ready to go as the countdown
from Vandenberg progressed loud
and clear on our radio. At the call of
"ignition ... liftoff" all cameras rolled
and scanned to the southeast for
something to photograph. "There it
is!", I shouted out as the Atlas leaped
through the snow-white coastal fog
blanket and both tracking mounts
homed-in on the majestic "bird" in
flight. The big Atlas could not have
been more clean, clear and majestic.
We were "Go" for the operation.
5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1005, "chars": 5918, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a ti
The magnification of the B.U. was
truly impressive. The exhaust nozzles
and lower third of the Atlas missile
literally filled the frame at this dis-
tance of over 100 nautical miles. With
one tracking mount operator on azi-
muth and one on elevation working
completely manually, it was not easy
to keep the image centered in the
early stages of flight. As the nosecone
package approached T + 400 seconds,
sufficient angle of view had been
established that we were literally
locked down with the whole inflight
package centered in the frame. No
one on the site was watching the
screen by this point. Our mission to
provide the engineers with a side look
at three stages of powered flight had
been accomplished and we were a
very happy bunch, congratulating each
other and letting the film run out in
the 35mm motion picture camera
focused on the Kinescope.
I took the cans of exposed film and
headed down the coast to Vanden-
berg and our laboratory. Processing
of the film would occur that night and
the results would be ready for view-
ing the next day.
Men in Grey
I was back at my desk enjoying the
feeling of accomplishment from the
Big Sur expedition when I was called
by Major Mansmann, who asked me
to come right away to his office at
the Headquarters building. When I
arrived, I found a movie projector set
up in the office and a group of people
waiting. Among these I recall two
men in plain grey suits who spoke lit-
tle. and watched me intently as the
lights were dimmed and the film
played on a bright screen. (Mans-
mann has since stated that there
were actually three men present.)
It was a surprise and a delight for
me to be seeing the kinescope record-
ing from Big Sur after all the months
of planning and weeks of work. I was
quite amazed and very pleased with
the quality, especially at the distance
involved as we could make out quite
plainly the separated nosecone, the
radar experiment and the dummy
warhead all sailing along beautifully
about 60 miles straight up from planet
6
Earth and some 300 to 500 nautical
miles down range. As we neared the
- end of the camera run, Mansmann
said, "Watch carefully now, Lieuten-
ant Jacobs."
At that point the most remarkable
vision of my life came on the screen.
Another object few into the frame
from left to right. It approached the
warhead package and maneuvered
around it. That is, this... "thing"...
flew a relative polar orbit around our
warhead package which was itself
heading toward the South Pacific at
some 18 thousand miles an hour!
As the new object circumnavigated
our hardware, it emitted four distinct,
bright flashes of light at approxi-
mately the 4 cardinal compass points
of its orbit. These flashes were so
intense that each "strike" caused the.
I.O. tube to "bloom" or form a halo
around the spot. Following this remark-
able aerial display, the object departed
the frame in the same direction from
which it had come. The shape of the
object was that of a classic "flying
saucer." In the middle of the top half
of the object was a dome. From that
dome, or just beneath it, seemed to
issue a beam of light which caused
the flashes described.
Subsequently the warhead malfunc-
tioned and tumbled out of suborbit
hundreds of miles short of its target.
This ... unidentified flying ...
"thing"...
had apparently "shot down" an Amer-
ican dummy atomic warhead!
The lights came on and Major
Mansmann said,
"Lieutenant Jacobs,
were you or any of your people fool-
ing around up there at Big Sur?"
"No sir," I answered honestly. I
was shaking with excitement.
"Then tell me ... what the Hell was
that?"
1 looked Major Mansmann straight
in the eye. "It looks to me like we got
a UFO," I said.
There was a stifling silence among
the men in grey, civilian suits who
continued to stare at me. Major
Mansmann gave them what I can
only describe as a "let me handle
this" look.
Cover-Up
"Well," he smiled cordially, "let's
just say it never happened. You are
to say nothing about this footage to
anyone. As far as you and I are con-
cerned, this never took place, you
understand?"
. I looked at the men in the grey
suits. They were not smiling. I felt hot
and anxious. I was sweating badly. I
think I just sat for a minute looking
blankly at Major Mansmann. I had
just seen the most fantastic event of
my life. It etched a path in my
memory as deep as the one put there
almost a year earlier when President
John F. Kennedy had been shot to
death in Dallas. I wanted more than
anything to see it again, to study it
under a magnifier, to analyze the pic-
tures frame by frame.
Major Mansmann did smile, nicely.
"I don't need to remind you of the
seriousness of a security breach, do I
Lieutenant?"
", he asked.
"No, sir," I replied
"Good," he said, motioning for me
to stand
I stood.
He walked me to the door, speak-
ing confidentially. "What you just saw
did not take place," he repeated. "It
never happened."
I looked at him once more. Some-
thing flickered way back deep in his
eyes as he again looked at the men in
grey then back to me.
"But
... if at some time in the
future," Florenz Mansmann said finally,
"you are pressed by someone about
this and you can't get out of answer-
ing, just tell them... tell them it was
flashes from laser tracking, O.K.?"
And with that, I was ushered out
the door and into over a decade of
silence on the subject. Never mind
that in 1964 we did not have laser
tracking, nor did we or any other
power on Earth have spacecraft cap-
able of flying circles around a subor-
bital capsule. I tried to sublimate the
whole incident out of loyalty and
respect for Florenz Mansmann whom
I liked a great deal. While I did not
talk about the event with anyone. I
did begin a period of intense research
into the UFO phenomena.
My research interest in the field
continues to the present. Of particu-
lar fascination is the relationship of
the press to the UFO. This great.
Mutual UFO Journal, Number 249. Januar! 1989

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 967, "chars": 5959, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Liberal bastion of free enquiry, this
body of muckrakers which prides
itself so highly on prodding and
upsetting political figures, has played
very prettily into the hands of those
same government minions who wish
to obfuscate the whole field of dis-
covery, discussion and debate about
the most perplexing
and possibly
most important scientific conundrum
in the history of our species.
chasing after Pulitzer Prizes for such
relatively petty mischief as political
dirty tricks at Watergate, or poor old
Gary Hart and his happy harlots or
the hapless Dan Quayle and
colorless, but merely mediocre back-
ground, The Press has persistently
one of the really imperative
stories of our time.
Goes Public
I told my small portion of it first,
tentatively, on a late night talk show
which I hosted in Eureka, California
in 1973 on station KFMI-FM. The
response I got to my revelation was
almost as astonishing as had been the
'event itself. My program director,
Richard Van Pelt, came forth to tell
his own tale of a CEK which hap-
pened to him while he was an Air
Force Security NCO in Iceland 20
years earlier. A university physics
professor at California State Univer-
sity, Humboldt who had worked on
the H-bomb project came forth to tell
about his firm belief in the extrater-
restrial nature of UFOs. Since then I
have met a number of other people
whom I respect, whom I know not to
be "fringies" or cranks or crackpots,
but who share common experiences
with UFO sightings and encounters.
And, finally, in 1982, 1 decided that
my story needed to be aired to a
broader audience. Eighteen years had
gone by. I could not get it out of my
mind after all that time. Then, first in
the trade journals, later in the popu-
lar press, there were hints of a new
weapon system in the offing. It was
some kind of satellite-smasher we
were told. Soon we would hear Pres.
ident Reagan himself disrobe the
rumors and give us Star Wars (SDI).
There were the rumors of aircraft
being built which were invisible to
Mutual UFO Journal, Number 249, January 1989
radar (some said to the human eye,
as well!) "Stealth," they were called.
It is significant to recall that until very
recently, the Air Force denied that
they existed, too! There were persist-
ent stories of something called Pro-
ject Snowbird where American pilots
were being shown how to operate
captured (or donated) alien space-
craft. Something about the Big Sur
film seemed to be part of the overall
pattern. I held back writing my story
because of the Security angle until
the truth occurred to me. There was
no "security breach" in this story.
The damn thing
had never been
"Classified SECRET" or anything else.
I had been told simply that it "NEVER
HAPPENED"! Therefore, I was free
to tell the story to whomever 1
pleased since it was about a non-
event officially.
I wrote my article. I shopped it
around. In the end The National
Enquirer published it. And as now
retired Major Florenz J. Mansmann
put it,
"Jacobs opened Pandora's
Bоx."
I was contacted by a variety of
investigators, buffs, cranks, propo-
nents and detractors alike. James
Oberg, a frequent "mouthpiece" for
certain NASA projects and self-styled
UFO Debunker wrote to disparage
my story and to ask provocatively,
"Since you obviously feel free to dis-
cuss top secret UFO data, what
would you be willing to say about
other top secret aspects of the Atlas
warhead which you alluded to briefly
..?" I told Mr. Oberg where to put
his misplaced cynicism.
Mansmann, now a Ph.D. research
consultant at Stanford and a farmer
near Fresno, California was besieged
with requests for information, and for
his version of what happened. My
respect and admiration for him was
vindicated as he categorically verified
my account.
Conclusions
Academicians first gather data, then
postulate conclusions based on what
they find. From what I have gathered
first hand, (primary evidence), pieced
together from Mansmann, from a fine
researcher named Lee M. Graham,
from contemplation, discussion and
debate of the material, as well as
from the Air Force position on this
and other related matters, 1 have
come to the following conclusions:
(1) What we
_photographed
that
September day in 1964 was a solid,
three-dimensional, intelligently controlled
flying device.
(2) It emitted a beam of energy,
possibly a plasma beam,
at our
dummy warhead and caused a malfunc-
(3) This "craft" was not anything of
which our science and technology in
1964 was capable. The most probable
explanation of the device, therefore,
is that it was of extraterrestrial origin.
(4) The flashing strikes of light we
recorded on film were not from laser
tracking devices. Such devices did
not exist then aside from small scale,
laboratory models.
(5) Most probably the B.U. Tele-
scope was brought out to California
specifically to photograph this event
which had been prearranged. That is,
we had been setup
to record an
event which someone in our Govern-
ment knew was going to happen in -
(6) What we photographed that
day was the first terrestrial demon-
stration of what has come to be
called S.D.I. or "Star Wars." The
demonstration was put on for our
benefit for some reason by extrater-
restrials. It is this aspect of the event,
not merely the recording of another
"flying saucer" which caused such
consternation both on the part of
'Major Mansmann when he told me "it
never happened," and on behalf of
the government in its two and one-
half decade coverup of the event and
the record we made of it.
It is this defense-oriented aspect of
the case which has caused investiga-
tors to run into stone walls in trying
to track down my story. The Air
Force has alternately denied that I
was ever an officer, that I was ever
stationed at Vandenberg, that I was
OIC of Photo-optical Instrumentation
in the 1369th Photographic Squadron,
that there was a tracking site at or
near Big Sur, California, that an
Atlas-F, or for that matter, any other
missile was launched on or about the
7

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 846, "chars": 5198, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
+ I.
date or dates I reported.
Documentation
We have been able to verify through
FOIA requests and my military records
everything except the specific launch
and the fact of its having been filmed.
We have been told first that there
were no launches, then that there
were launches but no malfunctions.
Herewith, for the first time I present
the documentation for a mission mal-
function in an official unclassified Air
Force document which has finally
surfaced in my collection of aging
papers and books.
It was prepared by Kingston A.
George, dated 13 Oct. 1964 and is
entitled,
OPERATIONS ANALYSIS
STAFF STUDY
PRELIMINARY REPORT ON
IMAGE ORTHICON PHOTOGRAPHY
FROM BIG SUR
In this document, "King" George
gives us a quick sketch of the whöle
• Big Sur project, tells us that "Over
the period of 30 days, from 31 August
to 30 September, during which the
Boston University telescope was ready
to film launches, eleven flights were
made from Vandenberg," that "a final
report will be forthcoming in a few
weeks with a complete description of
the system and the operations over
the past several weeks," that "a doc-
umentary film of about 30 minutes
length containing several minutes of
selected film clips will be assembled"
and that one powered-flight anomaly
was observed (italics mine), and the
coverage of the flights has produced
enough data to show that Big Sur
photography could be an important
adjunct to other instrumentation."
It is not clear whether or not King-
ston George was privy to the screen-
ings of the Big Sur film which
recorded the UFO. My suspicion is
that he was one of those to whom
Mansmann has admitted showing the
film. His document, however, states
clearly that a
missile malfunctioned
during the B.U. test period, now put-
ting the final lie to the Air Force
denials.
That is my story. It is from my own
experiences, recollections, records,
and hands. You are free to interpret
it as you like. As a footnote I need to
comment, I suppose, on the coverup.
I do not believe that anyone is going
to succeed in getting the film on an
F.O.I.A. request. I have been asked
to make such a request myself and
refuse to do so. Eric Mishara, Lee
Graham, T. Scott Crain, Jr. and oth-
ers have done so and have run into
the wall of futility. I don't believe that
anyone can succeed in getting the
film because the fact of its existence
will have been completely expunged
from the records by now.
live replies from the Air Force, nega.
representatives who are at Vanden-
berg now are not necessarily being
deceived deliberately. Nearly 25 years
have passed and no one presently at
the base has any personal recollec-
tion of the event, much less any offi-
cial record of it. Consider the very
limited number of people who saw
the film in the first place and you will
comprehend how simple it was to
make it disappear.
Finally, if the government did offi-
cially "classify" the film either back
then or subsequentiy, then perhaps
there were/are compelling reasons for
it to have done so. As the B-2
"Stealth" Bomber has now been
unveiled publicly at last, we can con-
template the rationale for having kept
it "classified" for so long. At some
point, when no harm can come from
the information, perhaps the film for
which I was responsible that long ago
September day in the cool, clear
mountains of Big Sur will be made
public, along with the possibly awe-
some technological power which the
images recorded on it represented.
One significant fact remains. The
experimental tracking site which I
installed near Anderson Peak became
a permanent location for missile tracking
on the Western Test Range. Moved
nearer the peak geographically and
magnitudes better technically, it is
there today. You see footage from it
everytime a Space Shuttle reenters
for a landing at Edwards Air Force
Base. What else it records or has
recorded and its ultimate purpose for
being there is a matter for history,
hopefully, to reveal.
Mr. Moore, co-author of The
Philadelphia Experiment and The
Roswell Incident recently published
in paperback), can be reached at
4219 West Olive Ave., Suite 247,
Burbank, CA. 91505
I had hoped that it would never be
necessary for me to write a letter like
his; however, in light of numerous
legations, rumors and accusation
presently being circulated about me
MJ-12: An Open Letter
By William L. Moore
and my work, and in direct response
to a vicious guilt-by-innuendo article
on the MJ-12 matter which I am reli
ably informed is currently being pre-
pared by CSICOP spokesman Ken-
drick Frazier in close concert with
Phil Klass, it seems appropriate to
make some sort of statement which
will clear the air.
First of all, let me begin by stating
for the record that 1 am not a
"forger," a "hoaxer," a "fabricator" or
a "counterfeiter"; nor, to the best of
my knowledge, have I ever partici
pated in any illegal or un-American
activity in connection with my more
than eight-year involvement with the
MJ-12 controversy. Furthermore, to
the best of my knowledge and belief.
none of my colleagues and associates
has participated in any such activities
either.
Rumors circulating to the effect
that 1 am some sort of government
Mutual UFO Journal. Number 249. Januan: 1989
