{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T05:47:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2464901, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123764-letter-from-witness-10952-2-16-07.pdf", "source_sha256": "288c8aab53eb7ee51751f5fd9060212fe41f0a999fd4ce748f736e848739d2b4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2764, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sue clueste minus 3
testzmery
Friday, February 16.2007
Steven M. Greer, M.D
Dear Dr. Greer,
I am on page 177, Chapter 24, of Hidden Truth, Forbidden Knowledge. On a multiple of
levels I can't even believe that I am reading the book let alone writing this letter to you.
Had I heard of your work—or anyone who professed such thingstwelve years ago l
would have thought that you were, purely and simply, a nut. No offense. Quite frankly, I
am still uncontrollably skeptical. I can't help it, I was taught to question everything. My
education has been heavily imbued with the scientific method and my job depends on
gathering information based on irrefutable evidence. I will be sixty years old in three
weeks and I have been doing that job for a very long time. Yet, in 1995 I had a dramatic
experience that shattered my worldview. Further, people I trust-my brother and my
son have also had such worldview shattering experiences.
My encounter occurred in the summer of 1995. I was coming home from work late,
around 11:30 PM. I was driving from Washington D.C. to my home in Fairfax, Virginia.
I lived near the Fair Oaks Mall at the time and I was in the westbound lanes of 1-66 just a
mile short of my exit. I was going about 60-65 mph. As I came out from under an
overpass there appeared a saucer shaped object that was hovering about 40 feet above the
eastbound lanes. There was no sound, only an intense white beam of light emanated from
the bottom center of the craft and shined on the ground. I couldn't slow down because
there were other cars on the road and nowhere to pull off. I proceeded to my exit and kept
my eye on the craft using my side rearview mirror. After I exited I briefly lost sight of the
airship because trees and buildings obscured my field of vision to the craft. I, therefore,
reentered I-66 on the eastbound lanes and proceeded toward where I had a minute before
seen the craft. It was gone. As I write this I feel like a fool but it is absolutely true. I
endured, and survived, the 77-day Battle of Khesanh in 1968. I've seen multiple fixed-
wing and rotor aircraft shot out of the sky. I know what flying platforms from earth look
like. This was definitely NOT one of them.
I was extremely agitated for the remainder of the night. The next day I foolishly called
the Fairfax City Police and the Fairfax County Police to determine if anyone had reported
a strange craft at the location I gave them. That was a mistake. Both dispatchers, voices
dripping with sarcasm, pretty much blew me off as a crank call. I needed to talk to
someone beside my wife about this matter-she has always viewed me as rational human
Asinis call telen to sean the ela pails ofte phone omarby theM
answered. I talked to
or quite some time but I
see vuxt pa.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 2850, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
initially refused to identify myself because of the nature of my job. Mr. Berliner was
quite supportive and enlightening. Finally, I gave him my name and he sent me some
material about his organization.
When I got the material a couple of days later I called my brother to tell him what had
happened. At the time he was a Commander in the U.S. Navy and stationed in San Diego.
To my surprise he began to tell me about his own encounter. Curiously, his encounter
with a saucer shaped UFO occurred on the exact same day and at the exact same time
8:30 PM adjusting for time zones-that I had my encounter. What in God's name is up
with that?
Well, Dr. Greer, that was twelve years ago and since then neither my brother nor I have
seen anything. However, my son, a hyper-rational U.S. Naval Academy graduate and
Navy pilot had a curious story. Two years ago his squadron was returning from overseas
on an aircraft carrier—I don't feel at liberty to name the carrier or my son's squadron.
They were several hundred miles from San Diego and doing some sort of air operations
All of the sudden an unidentified, missile-shaped object came out of the Pacific at a high
rate of speed. Several F-18 pilots saw the craft and began hot pursuit. The craft was going
so fast that the F-18's were left in the dust. My son suggested that it was a missile fired
from a submarine. To begin with, an F-18 is faster than a submarine fired missile. Also,
during any air and sea operations there is supreme coordination between all the platforms
involved. No friendly submarine would fire a missile knowing that there were aircraft
above. To thicken the plot, the next day an unidentified Air Force colonel was flown out
to the aircraft carrier. He confiscated the imaging equipment from all the aircraft that had
witnessed the UFO event. Because of his geographical position at the time my son never
actually saw the unidentified craft. However, it did create a stir among the pilots that did
witness it.
In your book Hidden Truth, Forbidden Knowledge you mention Joshua Tree National
Park several times. Curiously, for reasons unknown to my family or me, before he died
my father requested that my sons scatter his ashes at Joshua Tree. My father was one
hardheaded, cantankerous SOB who made a career in the military. His request seemed
grossly out of character. He died in January of 2006 and my sons fulfilled his request.
To sum it up, maybe you're not a nut. Maybe I've been deluded all my life. One thing is
for sure; I don't know what the hell is going on but I would sure like to know. Therefore,
I've ordered another one of your books. I don't think that will completely ease my
skeptical mind, however. Probably the only thing that will completely bring me over to
your side is when I get a ride in an alien craft. I hope that happens sometime soon.
Sincerely,
