{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T11:59:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 43, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13298782, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304179886760615, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123879-witness-10314-ministry-of-defence-january-1997.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540973940000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/123879-witness-10314-ministry-of-defence-january-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "218cb48e59f36679ffd8c4c91e7acf3f66693676c07fee0d2e0bd9f4e6d53a15"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1152, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLOSURI
From:
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE,
Main Building, Whitehall, London. SW1A 2HB
Telephone (Direct dial)
(Switchboard)
(Fax]
0171 218 9000
Monrovia,
USA
Your reference
Our reference
D/Sec(AS)/64/3
Del L January 1997
1•
Thank you for your letter dated 14 December 1996 addressed to
tas been passed to this office Me try of focal Your letter
the focal point
dealing with matters relating to "unidentified flying objects".
2 -
Questions one and two of your letter are not a matter for the
un Ministry of Defence. In response to question three, you will
wish to be aware that the Ministry of Defence examines any reports
of "unidentified flying objects" it receives solely to establish
whether what was
Ạạiseen might
have some defence significance;
namely, whether there is any evidence that the UK Air Defence
might have been compromised by a foreign hostile military
such evidence, we do not attempt to identify the precise nature of
each sighting reported to us.
We have no evidence to suggest that "crop circles" are caused
by anything of military concern and the Ministry of Defence does
not investigate reported sightings or carry out any research into

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 276, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WITH THE COMPLIMENTS OF
PCB(AIR)/AHB(RAF), Room 308
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
3-5, Great Scotland Yard, London SWA 2HW
Telephone (Direct diat)
Sec(48) 2a
(Me 8E4S)
Serry to send you stis but ste engurves is
ist the and of him lettes
seve
ane I gustions; 142 are not levant to
(PTO!

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 661, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee eee eal eee

#*

a

wh

, Fis ae a Set

: A. -eargole a ag: AISA.
‘pet oes: et 30) PETER)
BSADWR Rabie? ig? baaltost iy 2D Pv.

ia
at hy i 01-97 # i : af! re 1 fet : of
es j | igteteth ep eot »
Bt i ¥. z
F hd :

: bei Mpc a *
fe Me: Bigg ha aay Tern .
. sgt SE me A
P
—_

- ™ ; “4, 1 k ky * a Poa rs a SS
45 Sboekeyes He “iy oR cea “paar te SES ye
* wooF

4 om

a Ate ae ae
“Rai ‘ “a - hy} we KS i a est pie
cp atte EN aa Hutte al ATE, sagas Ses nhs sete oe: x
“hy

sie * ae " hes aon om aod 7
4 25 Se gts “Uae tyre wee ee OF OE te ay “egestas Le Zane * ‘

“5 me ow
ae * 2 i + 7

=

yt

ee ra Sep le fee tate et Mir Se Sig ee aa re ETE a ae yeep rt
3
=
#

a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1299, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14. December 1996.
OPEN LETTER
Request for Information
AIR HISTORCAL
ESPANCA
THANSIT SINAL
No.
365 .
- 2.188 1237
Air Historical Branch
and Publications: Branch (AIR) (0F5)
Ministry of Defence
3-5 Great Scotland Yard
London
SW14 2HW
England
Dear Sire:
I am writing to you in reaponse to this (see enclosure A-2) dated
*4 December 1996) letter vhich states-
*DeaT
I am replying to your letter of 22 November vith your further
re queat concerning the Offiaial Segrets Act (OSA) 1989.
The
copy of
the OSA enclosed with my letter to you of 5
November 12996 1e the complete OSA. The reference to Chapter
on the front is to its plece in the volume of Statutes (1989).
There are no other sections or parts of the OSA (1989).
Your request concerning a purported US Department of Defenae
document "Briefing
Document: Operation Majestio 12", a copy of
which you kindly enclosed with your letter under reference, ds
not a matter for SIS.
You may, hovever,
viah to write the Public Record Office at
the following address:
Ruskin Avenue
Kev
RICHMOND
Surrey
THS 4DU
England
And/or the Air Historical
Branch
(RAF)
and Publications
Clearance
Branch (AIR) (0F5) at
the Ministry of Defence at the
folloving addrese:
3-5 Great Scotland Yard
London
SW1A 2HW
England.
MINISTRY OF DEFENCE |
SEC (AS) 2
-3 -JAk: 1907
FILE

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2447, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Yours sincerely
Sirs, permit me to explain my purpose for writing with the
folloving-
Being a member of the Aerospace Community, I am interested in the
UFO Phenomena and having heard that Senetor BARRY GOLDWATER had
been denied access to a fecility at Wright-Patterson AFB where it
de alleged the Air Force keeps bodies of dead Aliena, I wrote to
the Senator.
Raised in Bakersfield as aạBorn Again Christian"
(Southern Baptist) and taught that "Flying Saucere" are of
*Satanic
origin I wanted to prove the rumor inaccurate.
surprise,
the Senator responded stating to me that the rumor was
true,, That wae in 1979.
Seversl years later Goldwater
1982 to be exact, after writing another
letter
to Senator
about the same iasue,
vas
approached by an individual by the name of WILLIAM L. MOORE, who
had written
"Rosvell Incident
about
the
recovery of a crashed
Flying Saucer which inoluded a section
about the Senator being denied access to the go called "Blue
RoomịẠạii
It was in fact the page from that
book I had sent to
Senator Göldwater Which, I was
to learn later caused Mr. Hoore to
seek me out.
At any rate, Mr. Moore began to have dinner engagements vith my
vife and I at Love's restaurant in Tujunge, CA, and Mr. Moore
provide
me with alleged
still clasaified documente
regarding the UFO Phenomena which I, vould promptly submit to my
Security Office.
One
much document which appears to validate the famous *Rosvell
IncidentạẠạ that Mr. Moore let
me read (but did not give me a copy
of
until later
was the
*BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC
12°. That was in early 1985.
The BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12° (see enclosure B-3)
would seem to authenticate the "Roswell Incident! for-
The BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 specifically states-
*On 24 June, 1947, a civilian pilot flying over the Cascade
Mountaine in the State of
Washington observed nine flying
disc-
shaped aircraft traveling in
formation at a high rate of speed.
Although this was not the firat knovn sighting of such objects,
it vas the first
to gain widespread attention in the public
media.
Hundreds of
reporte of sightinge of similar objecte
followed. Many of
these came from highly credible military and
civilian sources. These
reports resulted in independent efforte
by several different elemente of the military to ascertain the
and purpose of these objects in the interests of national
defence. A number of witnesses vere interviewed and
there were

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2602, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
several unsuccessiul
attempts to utilize aircraft in efforta to
pursue
reported disce
in flight.
Public reaction
bordered on
near hysteria at times.ạẠạỌ
And-
*In spite of these efforte, little of subatance was learned about
the objects until a local rancher reported that one had crashed
in a remote region of New Mexico located approximately seventy-
five miles northwent of Rosvell Army Air Base (now Walker Field).
On 07 July, 1947, a Secret operation vas begun to assure recovery
of the wreckage of this object for scientific study. During the
course of this operation,
aerial reconnaissance diecovered that
four
small human-like beinge
had apparently. ejected from
the
craft
as some point
before it exploded.
These had fallen to
earth about two
miles east of the wreckage site. All four were
dead and badly decomposed due to action by predatore and exposure
to the elements during the approximately one week
time period
which
had elapsed hefore their discovery. A special team took
charge of removing these bodies for study.
(See Attachment "C". )
The wreckage of the craft was also removed to
several different
locations.
(See
Attachment
Civilian and military
witnesses
were given the
effective cover story
that the object
had been a misguided weather research belloon."
And-
#A
covert analytical effort organized by Gen. Twining
and Dr.
Bush acting on
the direct orders of the President, resulted in a
preliminary consenaue (19 September, 1947) that the dieo vas most
likely
a short renge reconnaissance craft. This conclusion was
based for the moat part on the craft's size and the apparent lack
o1
any identifiable provisioning.
(See Attachment
similar analyeis of the
four dead ocoupants was arranged by Dr.
Bronk.
was the tentative conclusion of this group
130
November, 1947). that although thege creatures are human-like in
appearance, the biological and evolutionary processes responsible
for their
apparently been quite different form
those observed or postulated
in homo-sapiens.
Dr. Bronk's team
has suggested the term "Extra-terrestrial Biological Entities,
or EBEe", be adopted as the standard term of reference for these
creatures until such time as a more definitive designation can be
agreed upon,Ạạ
and-
ẠSince it la virtually certain that these craft do not originate
in any country on
earth, considerable speculation
has centered
around what their point of origin might be and hov they get here.
Mare was and remains e
posaibility, although some scientiste,
most
notably Dr. Menzel, consider
it more likely that
we are
deeling with beings from another solar aystem entirely. *

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2418, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And-
ạNumerous examples of what sppear to be a form of writing vere
Efforts to decipher these hve remained
tound in the vreckage' (See Attachment FE#) Equaily unsuccegsiul
largely unsuccesaful.
been efforts to determine the methad of propulsion or the
nature or method of tranemission of the pover source involved.
Regearch along these
lines has been complicated by the complete
abeence of identifiable vings, propellers, jete,
conventional methods of
propulsion and guidance,
ae well as :
of metallic viring, vacuum
aimiler
recognizable electronic components. (See Attachment "F".) It ie
aseumed that the propulsion unit vas completely destroyed by the
explosion which caused the crash. "
And-
"A need for as much additional information as possible about
these craft, there performance characteristice and their purpose
led to the undertaking known ae U.S. Air Force Project SIGN in
December, 1947.
In order to preserve security, liaison betveen
SIGN and Majestic-12 vas limited to tvo individuals vithin the
Intelligence Division of the Air Material Commend whose role vas
peas along certain typem of
information through channeis.
SIGN evolved
into Project
operation la currently
being conducted under the
Conducted under mhe code name BIVE
B00K, with liaison maintained through the Air Force officer
is head of the project.ồẠồi
And-
"On 06 December,
origin,
1950,
second object,
probably oi similar
impacted the
earth
at high
speed in the
El Indio -
Guerrero area of the Texas - Mexican border after folloving a
long trajectory through the atmosphere. By the time a search
team arrived, vhat remained of the object had been almost totally
incinerated.
Such material as could be recovered vag transported
co the A. E.C. facility at Sandia, Nev nexico, for study.
Again, the manner in which I became avare of the existence of the
BRIEFING: DOCUMENT OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 1s spelled out on pages
12-13
(see enclosure C) of the "SEPT 30, 1989* lasue of "FOCUS"
ao-
Hov did Lee Graham come to get Involved with the MJ-12 and
other documents?
said in Las Vegas, Lee is an aircraft buff who epende a
lot of time chasing detaiis of our nevest experimental aircraft
through the Freedom of Information Aot.
Hie interest in UFOs,
which stems from hia interest in eircraft, goea back at least ten
yeara.
Lee'a motivee
ere best
summed up a ạquest for truth."
It's
become almost a religious matter for him.
He writes hundreda of

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 2960, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
letters to virtually everyone from the president on
down in an
effort to find someone who will help him find that truth. Give
him a lead, and he'll chase it to the ends of the earth, so long
as the chase can be done through the maila. He's very loyal in
this process, and very open about it- the loyalty being to both
his
friends and his employer the never talks about
his work,
which
ie classified); and the openness coming from the fact that
there's abeolutely no paranoia in his life. For him, chasing the
truth about
UFOe is like trying to fill every blank
space in a
stamp album- he's not going to feel complete until it's done.
In
any case,
shortly after Jaime Shandera received the MJ-12
documente anonymously, I had a conversation with Rick Doty about
them. Rick was curious,
interested and concerned. "What are you
going to do with
themii he
wanted to know.
"What do you
suggestiạẠịiạ I replied,
"Well, if I were you, " he aaid, "I'd find
some way to protect my ass."
When I asked what he meant, he euggested that I find someone to
show them to who would do a lot of talking about them to a lot of
people.
"Show them to this person,* he said, 'but be sure not to
give him any coplea.
Let whoever it is talk all they vant. That
way you can verify how long you've had the stuff if you ever need
to,
and
if the person you
talking, you might learn
thinge
at the same time something fron the feedback to
select does enough
If those
are
real, talking
bout them is going
attract
somebody's attention. Pick your man, and then just monitor what
happens.ồẠồạ
It sounded like a good idea and I decided to act on it. After
carefully
considering several likely candidatest and discusaing
them with Rick and
others (including "Falcon"
settled upon Lee Graham.
himself,
we
Our reasoning wae that Lee
could be
depended upon to carry the banner on this thing without making a
cloak and dagger affair out of it.
Lee, for his part and without
really being told what vas expected of him, grasped the nature of
his role almost at once and seemed to feel very content vith it.
All he needed to do was to write letters and ask questions- all I
needed to do waa keep in
contact with him and monitor the
feedback.
From a legal point
of view, neither of us was doing
anything wrong even if the
documents vere real and had not
been
declassified.
Under
the lav, the
liability lay with the
anonymous source who had leaked them.
Anyway, Lee and I became good friende in this process, and ve
are st1l1 good friends.ẠỊẠại
Indeed, 1t
is stated in the 'SEPT 30, 1991" (see enclosure D!
Lesue of FOCUS"-
#QUESTION: Concerning the MJ-12 documents, how do we know that
Shandera and Moore actually received them in December of 1984 ae
claimed.
Ian't is poseible that they received them at a much
later date, Bay, just before they went public with them in June
of 19872
ANSWER:
which
First of all, a ploture of the post-marked wrapper in
they came
Yas
published in the 1988 MUFON Symposium

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2298, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
proceedings.
skeptica
might diamiss
that ag
insufficient since the only evidence we have which ties the
wrapper to the roll of f11m which was
allegedly inside is the
uncorroborated testimony of Shandera and Moore themselves.
Photog of the documente had to have been in Shandera and Moore's
hands at
least as
early as October
hovever, because
Moore, acting on what he regarded asạfriendly
advice", showed
copies of the photos to associate Lee Graham and his vife at that
Both Stenton Friedman and Dr. Bruce Maccabee vere also
avare of the documents' existence then, but did not have copies
either.
According to B111 Moore,
the first person to have been provided
coplea without restrictions as
to how they
vas Lee Graham in the latter part of April, 1987 a sould be ueed,
Indeed, BEFORE the document was released to the public, upon my
request
to Mr.
William L
Moore (see enclosure E-2,
dated *6
November 1993i I had been told by Mr. Moore-
That as you once atated to
years ago),
the Ah0s1 (in our 11ving room,
wae afroulating the
BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 in my name before I ever
had a copy of the document."
Mr. Moore's handwritten response was-
"(2) I vae told this - Yes. re
According
to Bill Moore,
the Aliens themselves were
orchestrating the release of this material through me. l
Why
do
. I believe
that the United
States
Government properly
"UNCLASSIFIED# the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12(7)-
Because of the "UNCLASSIFIED" stamp Sir,
thus, I share a copy of
the rules
#DOD 5200.1-R/AFR 205-1% aated "28 Apr11 1087" (see
enclosure F) whioh states-
*4-105 Wholly Unclassified Material
Normaliy, unclassified material shall not be marked or stamped
'Unclaasified' unless it is essential to convey to a recipient of
such meterial that it has been examined with a view to imposing a
security classification and that It has been determined that it
does not
require classification.
the aarking
ỊUnclassified may be applied to formerly classified material (see
enclosure 4-400), **
Intereatingly, if the United States Government properly
declassified the
material found in my Defense Investigative
Service (DIS) file (see enclosure B-1 through B-3) then the Mach
6 reconnaissance aircraft faee
encloguré :B-2)
exista.
hovever, da called "SENIOR CITIZEN" not "AURORA". 1.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 636, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Note-
It is crime (see enclosure G) to circulate a bogus
doaument.
So, to the purpose of this letter-
nr.
TIMOTHY GOOD did not aubmit the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION
MAJESTIC
12 to the authorities for classification determination
as I did (see enclosure B-2)) ergo-
1. Did Mr. Timothy Good break the National Secrets Act?
Have You any proof that the BRIEFING DOCUMENT OPERATION
MAJESTIC 12
found in my file (see enclosure 8-1) da not properly
"UNCLASSIFIED" and therefore genuine?
What it the RAF's current
evaluation of the UFO Phenomena
particularly as related to creating the *Crop Circles"?
Thank you for your time Sire.
monrovia,

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1629, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22 November 1996
OPEN LETTER
Request for Information
London
England
Dear
Thank
you,
for your letter (see
enclosure A,
NovemberạẠịi in
which you had the courtesy to send me CHAPTER 6 of
the "Official Secrets Act 1989" which apparently would appiy to
TIMOTHY
GOOD were he a
"Crown
servant
government
contractoriẠại when he
received a
still TOP SECRET copy of the
BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12. *
2322
thus, share with you an Officially "UNCLASSIFIED" copy (see
enciosure B-2) of the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12
which is an integral part of my Defense Investigative Service
, and make the following
I quite
obviously believe that the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION
MAJESTIC
genuine because
it has
been
Officially
"UNCLASSIFIED" and is a part of my DIS file.
Mr. Good apparently
now does not believe that the document is genuine.
As far as I now, I am the only person in the World who possesses
an Officially "UNCLASSIFIED" copy of the document.
and according to Mr. WILLIAM L. MOORE,
Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI) was circulating a copy
of the document
in my name (without my permission) before it was
ever published.
I have not made on cent off of theạdocument, am not a writer, and
shared the "UNCLASSIFIED" copy
document with anyone
have wante a copy thereof, while most Good apparently stell
fortune
and became quite
popular for publishing the still
classified form of the document.
As I understand it, it'
is required before publication to find
out,
so I tried learn
classification
status of the
document.
I do not know if the document. is genuine or not, but
believe that it is genuine; ergo-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 832, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A<!
* :
I respectfully request a
copy of those sections (?) 5, 7, and 8
tor any
other) of the Official
Secrets Act 1989 which apply to
the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12-
And-
Respectfully
request (if such exists) a copy of that record that
indicates
the analysis
done by
the
British Government of the
BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12.
report the alleged US
In conclusion, while Mr. Good will nO STOP SECRET document,
Agent that provided him with a still
should that
document turn out to
be bogus, I would report in a
"heart beat" to my Government who that person is that is trying
to deceive both the English and American public.*
Thank you for your time
Sincerely
Monrovia, CA
o
A copy of this letter is being referenced to
for
United States Senator
San Francisco, CA 94105
TIMOTHY GOOD
Beckenham, Kent,
England

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 975, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
London
England
4 December 1996
Monrovia, CA
40 :
USA
Dear
I am replying to your letter of 22 November with your further re quest
concerning the Official Secrets Act (OSA) 1989.
The copy of the OSA enclosed with my letter to you of 5 November 1996 is the
complete OSA. The reference to Chapter 6 on the front is to its place in the volume
of Statutes (1989). There are no other sections or parts of the OSA (1989).
Your request concerning a purported US Department of Defense document
"Briefing Document: Operation Majestic 12", a copy of which you kindly enclosed
with your letter under reference, is not a matter for SIS.
addley may, however, wish to write to the Public Record Office at the following
Ruskin Avenue
*Kew
...
... "
- RICHMOND
Surrey
* TW9 4DU
England
and/or to the Air Historical Branch (RAF) and Publications Clearance Branch (AIR)
(OF5) at the Ministry of Defence at the following address:
3-5 Great Scotland Yard.
London
SWIA 2HW
England.
Yours sincerely

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 688, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13 - 1
DEPARTMENT of DEFENSE
DEFENSE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE
FILE NO:
WARNING
THIS FILE IS THE PROPERTY OF THE DEFENSE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE. CONTENTS
MAY BE DISCLOSED ONLY TO PERSONS WHOSE OFFICIAL DUTIES REQUIRE ACCESS
HERETO. CONTENTS MAY NOT BE DISCLOSED TO THE PARTYS) CONCERNED
WITHOUT SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATION FROM THE DEFENSE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS:
It is certified that the material in this file is being retained pursuant to DoD D
20-2 and DIS Manual 28-2.
Date Acquired
RETAIN FOR:
19 APR 90
Signature
60 Dayş
1 Year
15 Years 25 Years Permanent
emulation
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
JIS FaFab 3
Previous edition will be used until exhausted.
RETENTION CONTROL SHEET

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1825, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15-2
6 August 1989
REQUEST FOR INFORMATION
DAN QUAYLE
Vice President of
- The Iniced States of America
#-212 The Capitol
Washington, .DC 20510-00010
Dear Vica President Quayle:
Sir,
: am writing, seeking information to the folloving very
SPECIFIC questions, I HAVE made Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) requests to
the National Security Council (NSC), the
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and the United States
Aix Force (USAF), with regard to this meterlal. They ALL,
however, have been unable or unvilling(?) to ansver the
questions.
" Withạiyour permission, I shall ask the questions and give you
the reason for the purpose of the question.
..
lạ. Has the United States flight tested a sub-scale vezsion
(see enclosure A-1 through A-3) of the B-2 stealth bomber at
Groom Lake, Nevada?
If ve have-
ib. I respectfully request to knov to what specific agency
of the U.S. Government one should make a request to for a,
photograph of this sub-scale version of the ATB?
The reason that I ask this question-
Here (see enclosure A-]
through A-3) is a letter from my
friend
Included in the letter is a draving
of an aizcraft that has been witnessed flying in the Groom
Lake, Nevada area.
If you compare this draving (see
*
enclosure A-3) with that of 8-2 stealth bomber (see enclosure
B), you will see that they are nearly identical.
The draving
(-3), however, vas supplied to me on 29 April 1986" (see
enclosure A-1) long before the Air Force had released an
artists conception of what the B-2 was to look llke.
This
draving (see enclosure A-3) is of a flight model, sub-scale,
version of the stealth bomber that demonstrated that the
vehicle was being flight tested years ago.
Indeed in an article in the "FEBRUARY 1988 issue of
GUNG-HO", 'It 1a stated on page 41-
Ạ¿s for othèr low observables in the Nellis skies, every

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2305, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
" -
anjor dictrame so aler h had or is flying
"stealt lesign
of one sort or another. Northrop, for example, has ha- three
scaled-down versbons of It ATB '"flying wings i in the air
for over seven yers."
At the present time, the B-2 bombez is getting some very bad
pross; ostenslbly because it is an unproven design. Quite
he 2-2 bomber negret nesign
obviqusly if the sub-acale veraion does exist, it vould heve
been thoroughly test Slown and tented for its ability to fly
through Sovict radar systems at the Groom Lake/Cactus flat .
(P356 and Ps22) flight test facilities.
Belng a supporter of the B-2 program, I believe that the USAF
should garner support from the American public- for the B-2 by
revealing that information it can vithout violating National
Security: If a sub-scale B-2 ATB exists, I do not feel that
that revelation would violate National Security.
Mr. QUAYLE, Sir, can you define for me what Is ment by .
the term Nationa.. Security?
However, if the sub-scale version of the ATB does not exist;
LE this draving (see enclosure A-3) is but disinformation
created by the United States Air Force (AFOSI), I would hope
that. you would vish to repudiate it, othervise-
• 1h. I respectfully request to know to what specific agency
of the U.s. Government one should make a request to for a
photograph of this sub-scale version of the ATB?
3.
I respectfully request. to know to what specific gency of
the U.S. Government
one should make a request for more
photographs of and information about the F-1174 aircraft.
The reason that ask this question-
Please note these articles (see enclosure C) from the
"Monday, July 24, 1999" issue of "Aerospace Dally" (page 130)
which state-
"E-117A EMERGING: Pentagon ofticials say further
declasșification of the Air Force F-117A stealth fighter is
being considered, vith release of its mission and more
detailed photographs possible late this summer. The step is
under review since so many photos of the aircraft, flying in
daylight near its Tonopah, Nev., operating base, are showing
up in the press. 'We'd like to get, out in front of this,"'
Pentagon official saysẠạ
And -
"AND STEALTH SHAPE: Footage of the F-117A broadcast last week
shovs the plane to have a flattened, tapered fuselage
profile, a highly-swept V-tail, and
what appear to be tour

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
€-73
13-2
oval exhaust ports-foz. Its two engles. The Eilms also saov
the aircraft In tight turns with its vings at 85-90 degrees
of bank, and using a drag chute to slow Its landing roll."
Mr. QUAYLE, Sit, in the month of August 1987
provided me vith Information that the E-117 aircraft exists.
Please note his letter (see enclosure D) wherein he states-
"To whom it may concern;
At the request of
I am vriting this.-
I provided
omith the Lockheed Stealch designator.
(F-117), codename (Senior Trend) all before September 1987i
I, provided this information to my friend
and he made a FOIA request to the USAF.
The Air
ForceiạỊhovever, lied, to
in their zesponse (see
enclosure E) wherein they state-
Ạour search disclosed no records, or knovledge of, a
F-117 Night Hawk."
Hovever, on "15Sep87 (see enclosure F-1) I vas provided vith
proof (see enclosure F-5) that the F-117 exists.
This "proof" (see enclosure F-5), hovever, may be
disinformation created by the Alr Force Office of Special
Investigations (AFOSI).
Please note this Address (see enclosure o) 19en
before a
public audience on the evening of "JUNE 30, 1989i by Mr-,
"WILLIAM L.. MOORE.
"In early September, 1980, I vas approached by a vell-placed
individual vithin the intelligence community who claimed to
be directly connected to a high-level government project
dealing with UFOs. This
individual, who subsequently came to
be known as "the Falcon, told me
that he spoke for a small
group of similar individuals vho veze uncomfortable vith the
, government's continuing cover-up of the truth and indicated
that he and his group vould like to help me vith my research
into the subject in the hope and expectation that i might be
able to help them find a way to change the prevalling policy
and get the facts before the public without breaking any laws
in the process.
I knew I was being recruited, but at that
point I had no idea for what. In any case, I vas told. that
If I vas interested in cooperating with their group, I would
be further contacted by a liaison man and that future
meetings between me and '*the Falcon"! would be arranged by
this pèrson. The liaison person who subsequently made
contact vith me was AFOSI agent Richard Doty-- a,man who has.
on 40

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2199, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6-13
B.02
eince become quite contriveralal ih his own right and who
fimsaif." (see e mistakenly assumed !s riche falconti
(ses G, page 5).
And
"In any case, It vas ""falcon who sought me out in
September of 1980, and it was Richard Doty, chen vich APOst
at Kistland AFB, who soon came into play as the middle-man in
that process.
Shortly thereafter, it bacame appazenc to me
that my supplying information to the government through Doty,
on the activities of Paul Bennevitz, APRO, and, to a lesser
›xtent, several other individuals, vas to be a part of this
equation." (see G, page S).
Please note page 12-
"question # 4% Is it true that i shoved URO"researcher
On official identification card linking me vith e
Jovernment Intelligence gency?"
• And-•
•mAnswer: Earllez In this paper I told you of how I was
recruited to supply information on Mr. Bennevitz.
The exact
wording
of my statement vas. ""Bennevitz.. and to a lesser
extent, several other individuals."
One of those
* nother
Individuals vas
This began in 1983, it memory
serVes.
It is important to note here that, in addition to
* being a UFO researcher,.
rs40lso an avid military aircraft
buff.
As far as I am avaze,
the counterintelligence people
vere primarily interested in nim because, ac che cime, Lee
was asking a
lot of inquiries and collecting a great deal of
inforaation on the then very highly classified stealth
aircraft program.
Apparently there vas some question as to
why he was so interested in obtaining. information on so
sensitive a subject-- in other vords,, vas he'using it solely
to satisfy a personal curiosity, or vas he passing it'on to
achivities."
Mr. QUAYLE,. Sir, since the USAF (AFOSI) refuses to tell me
why'I vas visited, and'provided vith ostensible proof (see
* enclosure F-1 through F-5) that the F-117 does exist-
4.. I respectfully request to knov to what specific agency of
the U.S. Government I should make a request for the reason
for vhy I was approached by an ostensible agent of AFOSI and
provided vith proof (?-see enclosure F-5) that the F-117
stealth aircraft does exist.
It HAS been the testimony of Mr. WILLIAM L. MOORE to me, that
the individuals who visited vith me on "15sep!)" (see
on 40

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2248, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
75
13 - 2
enclosure F-ll, came to encourage me to circulate copi
this (see enclosure HI) 'document titled-
of"
"BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12"
MI. QUAYLE, SIL, LE the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC
:? ja genuine, then the USAF has been lying to the American
public by denying that UFOs exist.
5a .
Can you, or anyone in your Office repudiate the
authenticity. of the
(sce enclosure H)?
BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC. 12
If you and/or your Office are unable to repudiate the
• BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12-
5b •
Am I permitted to circulate copies of the BRIEFING
DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 as an authentic copy of real
events and indicate to others that the document HAS been
properly declassified?
If the BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 has not been
properly declassified-
I respectfully request to know to what specific agency
• of the U.S. Government one should nake a request to for a
properly declassified copy of the BRIEFING DOCUMENT:
OPERATION MAJESTIC 12 '(see enclosure H).
MI. QUAYLE, SII,
on "155ep87" (see enclosure F-1) I handed a
copy of this sanitized document (see enclosure I) to the
"AFOSI" Individual (see enclosure F-1) who had provided me
with copy of this "F-117" "A T I A C H'M E N
enclosure F-5).
indicating that a ted ed and that.
I could do what I vanted with the document..
The document.
(see enclosure I) states-
2. (TS/ORCON)
PROJECT SIGMA:
(PROWORD: XXXXXXXX:
Originally established as part of Project XxXX in 1954.
Became a separate project in 1976. Its mission was to
establish communication vith Aliens.
This Project met with
positive sucess vhen in 1959, the United, States established
primitive communications with the Aliens. On April 25, 1964,
a USAF intelligence officer met two aliens at a pre-arranged
location in the desert of New Mexico. The contact lasted for
approximately three hours. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX the Air
Force officer managed to exchange basic Information vith the
two Aliens (Atch 7).
This project is continuing.
Force base. in New Mexico. (OPR: XXXXXXXXXXX
.at an Air
3. (TS/ORCON)
PROJECT SNOWBIRD: (PROWORD: XXXXXX
Originally established in 1972. Its mission was to test fly
a recovered Alien aircraft, This project is continuing in

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1413, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nevade. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXxXX
4. (TS/ORCON)
PROJECT XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
- originally establiched In 1968. Its mission vas to evaluate
rall UFOXXXXinformation pertaining to space technology PROJECT
BOUNCE continueS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
san zou, or anyone in your office repudiate the.
authenticity of the "SNOWBIRD" document (see enclosure I)?
If you andiur your Office are anable to repudiate the
Sb. Am I permitted to cirrulate copies of Che "SNOWBIRD
document as an authentic copy of real events and indicate to
others that the document HaS been properly declassified?
If the SNOWBIRDiại document has not been properly
declassitied-
6c. I respectfully request to know to what specific agency
of the U.S. Government one should make a request to for a
properly declassified copy of the SNOWBIRD" document (see
enclosure I).
The reason that I ask these questions-
The SNOWBIRD" vehicle would ostensibly have been flight
tested at Groom bake, Nevada, where it is alleged that the
F-117A vas also flight tested and it is nov zumored that an
operational Mach 6 reconnaissance aircraft (replacement to
the SR-71) Elles from.
7. I respectfully request to know to what specific agency of
the government one should vrite to for photograph of the
alleged Mach 6 reconnaissance aircraft code named "SENIOR
CITIZEN (see enclosure J, arrow).
Thank you foz your time Siz.
Sincerely,
Monzovia, CA
:40
R3LA58.7120

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 568, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i:1 / M7:
NATIONALLY GRAMATION
TOP SECRET
001
BYES ONLY
COFY ONE OF ONE.
BRIEFING DOCUMENT:
OPERATION MAJESTIO 12
PREPARED-POR PRESIDENT-BISCT DHIGHI D. EISENHOWER: (SIES ONIY)
18, NOVEMB28, 1952.
WARNING!
This 18 a TOP SECRET - EYES ONIY document containing
compartmentalized information essential to the national gecurity
of the United States. EYES ONIX ACCESS to the materdal herein
ia strictly limited to those possessing Majestic-12 clearance
level. Reproduction in any form as the taking of written or
EYES OFLY
TOP: 396RET:/ MAJIC:
EYES ONLY
T52-EXEMPT (E)
001

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1427, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EYES SAILY
* TO. SECRET
.......
EYES ONLY
' COPY ONE OF ONE-
SUBJECT: OPERATION MAJESTIC-12 FRELIMINARY BRIEFING POR
FRESIDENT-ELECT SISENHOWEA.
DOCUMENT PREPARED 18 NOVEMBER, 1952.
BRIEFING OPPICER: ADM. ROSCOE H. HILLENKOETTER (MJ-1)
NOTE: This document has been prepared as a preliminary briefing
only.
It should be regarded as introductery to a full operations
briefing intended to follow.
OPERATION MAJESTIC-12 18 a TOP SECRET Research and Development/
Intellizence operation responeible directly and only to the
President of the United States.
Oparations oi cheạiproject are
cerried out under control of the Majestic-12 (Majic-12) Group
which was established by special clasaified
executive order oi
President Truman on 24 September, 1947, upon recommendation by
Dr. Vannevar Büeh and Secretary James Forrestal. (See Attachment
"1".)
Members of the Majestic-12 Group. were designated as follows:
Adm. Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter
Dr. Vannevar Bush
Secy. James V. Porrestal*
Gen. Nathan ?. Iwining
Gen. Hoyt S. Vandenberg.
Dr.. Detler Bronk
Dr. Jerome Hunsaker
. Mr. Sidney W. Souers
Mr. Gordon Gray
Dr. Donald Menzel
Gen. Robert M. Montague
Dr. Iloyd V. Berkner
The death of Secretary Forrestal on 22 May, 1949, creatad
a vacancy which remained unfilled until Ol Auguat, 1950, upon
which date Gen. Walter B. Smith was designated as permanent
replacement.
.....
EYES ONLY
TOP SECRET/MAJI NOLADSTED
EYES ONLY
T52-EXEMPT (E)
00%

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2199, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP S CRET / MAIC
EYES..ONLY 6273-3
TOP SECRET
.•......
003
EYES ONLY
COFY ONE OF ONE.
on 2e June, 1947,
a civilian pilot flying over the Cascade
Mountaine in the State of Washington observed nine flying
disc-shaped aircraft traveling in formation at a high rate
of speed.
Although this was not the lirat known aizhting
of such objects, it was the firat to grin widespread attention
in the public media.
Hundreds of reports of sightings of
similar objecta followed.
Many of these came from highly.
credible military and civilian sources.
These reporta rea-
ulted in independent efforts by several different elementa
of the military to ascertain the nature and purpose of these
objecta, in the interesta of national defense. A number of
. witnesses were intarriewed and there were aeveral unsuccessful
attampts to utilize aircraft in efforts to puraue reported
disea in flipht. Public reaction bordered on near hysteria
at times.
In spite of these efforts, little of subatance was learned
about the objects until a local rancher reportad that one
had crashed. in a remote region of New Mexico located approx-
imately seventy-five miles northwest of Roswell Army Air
Base (now Walker Field).
On 07 July, 1947, & secret operation was begun to assure
recovery of the wreckage of this object. for scientific study.
During the course of this operation,
serial reconnaissance
discovered that four small human-like beinga had apparently
ejected from the craft t some point bafore it exploded.
These had fallan to earth about two miles east of the wrecknge
site. All four were dead end badly decomposed due to ection
by predators and exposure to the elements during the approx-
imately one week time period which had elapsed before their
discovery. A apecial acientifio team took charge of removing
these bodies for study. (See Attachment "O".)
The wreckage
of the craft vas also removed to several different locations.
(See Attachment E".) Civilian and military witnesses in
the area were debriefed, and news reporters were given the
eirective cover story that the object had been a miaguided
weather research balloon.
........
......
.....
BYES ONLY TOP SECRET / MAJIC
FYES ONI Y
OLASSIFIED
T52-DXEMPT (E)

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2240, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EYES ONLY
COPY OHE OF ONE.
A covert analytical effort organised by Gen. Twining and
Dr. Hush acting on the direct orders oi the President, res-
ulted in a prelimirary concendus (19 September, 1947) that
the disc was most likely a short range reconnaissance crait.
This conclusion was based for the most part on the craft's
aize and the apparent lack oi any identifianie provisioning.
(See Attachment
A similar analysis oi the four dead
occupanta was arranged by Dr. Bronk.
It was the tentative
conclusion of this group (30 November, 1947) that althouch
these creatures are human-like in appearance, the biological
and evolutionary processes responsible for their development
"has apparently been quite different from those observed or
nostulated in homo-sapiens. Dr. Fronk's team has suggested
the term «extra-terreatrial Biological Entities", these
"IMES" ,
be adopted as the standard term of reference for
creatures until such tice as a more definitive designation -
can be agreed upon.
. *
TOP SCORET / MAJIC
EYES ONLY $24
13 - 3
.....
* TOP SECRET *
.......
001
since it la virtually certain trat these crate do пос origin-
ate. in any country on earth, 'considerable speculation has
centered around what their point of origin might be and how
they get here.
Mars was and remains a possibility, although
aome scientiats, most notably Dr. Menzel, consider it more
likely chat we are dealing with beings from another solar
aystem entirely..
Numerous examples of what appeer to be a form of writink
were found in the wreckage.
Efforta to decipher
these have
remained largely unsuccessful. (See Attachnent "g".)
Equally unsuccesatul have been efforts to determine the
method of propulaion or the nature or method of transmission
of the power source involved. Research along these lines
has been complicated by the complete absence of identifiable
Wings,
propellers, jets, or other conventional methods of
propulsion and fuidance, as well as a total lack of metallic
wiring, vacuum tubes, or similar rocognizahle electronic
componento. (See Attachment «png)
It is aasumed that the
propulsion unit was completely destroyed by the explosion
which caused the crash.
........
* TOP SECRET *
....
EYES ONLY TOP SECRET / MAJIC.
287
152-EXEMFT (E)

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2125, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOr
SECRET / MAJIC
EYES ONLY
TOP SECRET
.......
EYES ONLL
COPY ONE OF ONE.
A need for aa much additional information ma poasible about
these crait, cheir periormance characteriatice and their
purpose led
to the undertaking known as U.S. Air Force Project
SIGN in December, 1947. In order to preserve security, liason
between SIGN and Majestic-12 was limited to two individuals
vithin the Intelligence Division of Air Materiel Command whose
role was to papa alonx certain types of information through
channela. SIGN evolved into Project GRUDGE in December, 1948.
The operation 1a currently being conductad under the code name
BlUE BOOK, with Liason maintained through the Air Porce officer
-who ia head of the project.
On 06 December, 1950, a second object, probably of similar
oricin, impacted
the rarth at hich speed in the Fl Indio -
Guerrero area of the Texaa - Mexican hoder after folloving
a long trajectory throuch the atmosphere. By the time a
search team arrived, what remained of the object had been almost
totally incinerated.
Such material as could be recovered
was
transported to the A.E.C. facility at Sandia, New Mexico, for
a tudy.
.. Implications for the National Security are of continuing in-
portance in that the motives and ultinate intentions of these
visitors remain completely unknown.
In addition, a aimificant
upsurge in the aurveillance activity of these craft beginning
' in May and continuing throuch the autumn of this year has caused
considerable concern that new developments.may be imminent.
It 1a for these reasons, da well aa the obvious international
and tachnological conaiderations and the ultimate need to
avoid a public panic at all costs, that the Majestic-l2 Group
remains of the unanimous opinion that imposition of the
stricteat security precautiona should continus without inter-
ruption into the new adminiatration. At the same time, con-
tinFency plan MJ-1949-04P/78 (Top Secret - Fyes Only) should
he held
in continued readiness ahould the need to make e
public anouncement present itself.
(See Attachment "C".)
TOP SECRETE MAJIC
UNGLASSIFIED
SHES CHLY
EYES ONLY
T52-EXENPT (E)

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 832, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOP SEDNET / MAJIC
EYES ONLY
TOP SECRET
EYES ONLY
COPY ONE OF ONE.
FUMERATION OF ATTACHMENTS:
•ATTACHMENT "A"
*ATTACHMENT HAi
•ATTACHMENI "C"
"ATTACHMENT. "D"
*ATTACHMENT VER
*ATTACHMENT ạPH
OH INHOLY
•ATTACHMENT "HT.
Special Claasified Executive
Order #092447. (IS/EO)
Operation Majestic-12 Status
Report 71, Part 4.
3Q NOT 147.
(TS-MAJIC/EO)
•Operation Majeatic-l? Statug-
Report #1, Part .
30 NOY
*47.
(TS-MAJIC/EO)
•Operation Majestic-12 Preliminary
Analytical Report.
19 SEP '47.
(IS MAJIC/EO)
*
•Operation Majestic-12 9lue Team:
Report #5•
30 JUN '52.
(IS-MAJIC/ EO)
Operation Majegtic-12 Status
Report #2.
31 JAN '48.
(TS MAJIC EO)
.Operation Majestic-12 Concingency
Plan MJ-1949-04P/78:
31 JANồại49.
(TS-MAJIC/EO)
Operation Majestic-12, Maps and
Photographa Folio (Extractiona).
(IS-MAJIC/EO)
‚UNCLASSIFIED
TOP SECRET MAJIC

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 246, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
aoe ee

TOMPSECIET / MAJICF.

*@2 CCG ROG DS FES

* TOP SECRET “*

OO 84GG4688006

COPY CNE OF CONE.

EYES CNLY :
| ARTACHMENT "A"

"i
4

ite

@
eet

BPESCECCEPSEETHEBS

* TOP SECRET *

28262644 SE E2246

eres ES OTTOP ¢ SECRET i MAJIC.
TW S WV

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 646, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EYES ONLY
THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON
September 24, 1947:
MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
Dear Secretary Forrestal:
As per our recent conversation on this matter,
you are hereby authorized to proceed with all due
speed and caution upon your undertaking. Hereafter
this matter shall be referred to only as Operation
Majestic Twelve.
It continues to be my feeling that any future
considerations relative to the ultimate disposition
of this matter should rest solely with the office
of the President following appropriate discussions
with yourself, Dr. Bush and the Director of Central
Intelligence.
Анирнини
MGLASSIFIZD
TOP SECRET
EYES-ONLY

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 225, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VOLUME 4 (NEW SERIES)
Focus
ISSUES 7-8-9
PRICE: $6.00
SEPT. 30, 1989
THE QUARTERLY NEWSLETTER OF THE
FAIR WITNESS PROJECT
ING.
4219 W. OLIVE AVE. SUITE 247
BURBANK, CA 91505
(213)-163-0542
01989 FWP, INC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 734, "chars": 4271, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WIIn DILL MOONL
: There have been a number of com-
plaints voiced in print conceming prob-
lems surrounding W.L. Moore Publica
tions' subscription offering of theiMiss
ing Segment from 'UFO Cover-
up?.. Live!'" videotape (also known as the "Doty tape").
What's going on here?
A: The Doty tape mess has indeed been troub-
lesome, for us as well as for others. We have
had nothing but problems with this item ever
since we got involved with it. To date, we have
managed to fill slightly more than half the
orders we have received, and we have every
intention of honoring the rest.
been handled in the order they were received.
Belleve me, we have had our share of com-
plaints about this, and every one of them has
been fully justifled. Had I known the night-
mare this thing was going to become. I would
never have undertaken the project to begin
• with. Now we are stuck with It and I expect will
lose more money and friends before it's all
over.
Q: John Lear and M. William (Bill) Cooper have made
a number of highly controversial statements about the
alleged relationship between the U.S. goverment and
extraterrestrial visitors. Can you provide any insight as
to what's going on with these two individuals?
A: I presume by now that most of the UFO
community has had a chance to read and as-
sess my Las Vegas paper. I think the time had
come to blow the whistle on government disin-
formation about UFOs and provide some much
needed counterpoint to the Lear-Cooper mate-
rial. One ofthe key points in that mess, at least
to me. was that I was able to establish a direct
connection between one of Lear's "confiden-
tialiỊạsources and the very same office in Wash-
ington that was responsible for directing much
of the effort against Bennewitz. That, coupled
with the fact that much of Lear's material was
essentially an embellished regurgitation ofthe
same fluff they fed Paul, told me what I needed
to know about Lear. As for Cooper- he's a
highly intelligent individual who is very good at
taking in material from a variety of sources and
twisting it around to suit his purposes. Either
he's a clever opportunist who's taking advan-
tage of the Lear situation and the general para-
noia of the UFO community to try to make
himselflook important. or he's a C/Iman whose
specialty is deception. My present thinking is
that the former is more likely the case because
his methodology doesn't fit the latter type at
all. All anyone needs to do to call his credibility
into serious question is to compare his earlier
pronouncements with those he is making cur-
rently and take note of the host of inconsistan-
cies. The problem is that many of his followers
simply don't care about verifying what he says
It's the paranoia factor that grabs them. If
Cooper's life has been threatened las he says it
has) and if Cooper lost his job because he knew
too much (which is one of his latest claims),
then to these people it's proof positive that he
must be telling the truth. Anyone who says
otherwise must be part ofthe cover-up. It's all
a nice, neat little package. Unfortunately. (in
my opinion) less than 10% of what he says has
any truth to it. The rest is pure, unadulterated
hogwash!
Q: Asmall but vociferous segment of the UFO commu-
nity nas expressed a sense of outrage over the reve-
lations you have made recently. How do you feelabout
A: Government disinformation about UFOs has
been going on for a long time. My goal is to try
to stop it by exposing it to the pubilc, and at the
same time, uncover what is behind it. If the
UFO community is upset by what I'm doing. it
certainly hasn't shown in the dozens of calls
and more than 100 letters I have received. So
far, supporters have outnumbered critics by a
ratio of eight to onel To those who have ex-
pressed outrage over the fact that I allowed
myself to become involved in the disinforma-
tion game. I point out two things: First, if I
hadn't done it, the government would simply
have found someone else who would have; and
Second. if I hadn't blown the whistle and ex-
posed the process, the UFO community would
still be in the dark about it and fawning after
Lear and Cooper. In short, Ifyou want the world
to know that the lady's wearing poka-dotted
bloomers. the best way is to run the evidence
FOCUS 1989 7

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 4207, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
up the flag pole in front of a crowd of people.
Naturally a few people are going to be horriled
by the process. but that's the way it goes.
Q: Some people have suggested that the goverment
counterintelligence people were onto you all along,
and that both you and Linda Howe have, in essence,
poured your coffee from the same pot. Is this possible?
A: Of course it's possible, but I think It's
highly unlikely- especially since I brew my
coffee strong and black while Linda prefers
hers weak and with lots of sugar. in a more
serious light. the dffference here is that I knew
disinformation games were being played. This
put me in a much better position to safeguard
against them than others who had no idea what
was going on. Remember, I also had contacts
who were far enough removed from the counter-
intelligence side of things to enable me to do a
certain amount of double checking. This is why
I have continually held my cards close to the
vest and played to the table only when I was
reasonably certain I was on a solid footing. The
principal point, however, continues to be not
who was (is)beingduped, butrather, why. Until
the last card has been played, the game isn t
over.
Q: Is it true, as alleged in the July-August 1989 issue
of International UFQ Reporter (IUP), that you have
admitted to once working as an agent for the Defense
Investigative Agency (DIS)?
A: I do not now, nor have I ever been connected
in any way with the DIS, although it is admit-
tedly possible that some of the information I
supplied to AFOSI ended pin their files. Ifthis
occurred. responsibility for it would lie with
OSI and not with me.
Q: With respect to the so-callediAquarius Document"
which purports to be a facsimile of an AFOSI teletype
message dated 17 NOV 1980, several questions still
remain:
(A) Are you the one who retyped the docu-
ment?
(B)If not. do you know who did?
(C) The fact that you have identifled changes.
additions and deletions allegedly made in the
retyped version suggests that you either had
access to or were familiar with the text of the
8 FOCUS, 1989
original version. How do you explain this?
(D) Did the text of the original really refer to
"NSA rather than "NASA*?
A: First ofall. It is important to take note of
what I said in Las Vegas, which was that the
document is a retyped version of a real AFOSI
* message with a few spurious additions. I also
stated that it was apparently created by AFOSI,
or at least I had always assumed It was, and that
It was handed to me in February, 1981 with the
intention that I would pass it to Bennewitz.
(See EOCUS, June 30, '89, p.13.) I thought the
&created by AFOSI" statement would have laid
this matter to rest, but apparently not. There-
fore:
First: I did not retype the document, nor do
I know who did. Certainly it was someone in-'
volved with the Bennewitz C/I effort, maybe
Doty, maybe not.
And Second: I know that the version I was
handed was & retype because I had seen the
original earlier on, or at least, what I believe to
this day to have been an original since it was a
teletype copy and not a xerox. The recon-
structed version which appears in EQCUS is
the combined product of both my and Rick
Doty's memory. To the best of my (our) recollec-
ton. the original did indeed refer to NSA.
Q: What about the "other" Aquarius document- the
one with Executive Correspondence on the cover
and of which you released several highly censored
pages in EOCUS, back in 1987. Isn't this a retyped
document as well, and why havent you said anything
about it since?
A: I was told that the original briefing to which
it allegedly pertains was an oral briefing and
that the briefing officer used handwritten notes
as an aide-memoire. The version I have is
allegedly a typed (not retyped) transcript of
those notes which the briefing officer later
composed as a memo to file. Naturally I have
no way of provingthis as I only have the source's
word for it. Just for the record, the "source
was NOT Rick Doty.
There are several reasons for continuing to
withhold the larger portion of this material:
First: We are continuing to study it with our
goal being to release a complete report at a
later date.
Second: We do not know If it is authentic.

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4358, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cause anything i might say would be specula-
tion on my part; and everybody knows the
* penchant some members of the UFO commu-
nity have for transforming speculation into
Q: Word has it that Robert Hastings is presently
working on yet another indictment of you and your
alleged involvement with disinformation, deception
and deceit. Care to comment?
A: Robert who? ..Oh yes, that's Mr. Hasty
Pudding, isn'tit. I wonder why he just doesn't
call me and ask his questions? I've tried to
make contact with him on several occasions,
but he refuses to speak to me. Rather than
trying to communicate on a reasonable level,
he has instead resorted to making wild allega-
tions that I have 'harrassed and 'spied" on
him. He sulattering himself, of coursel Frankly
I have much better things to do with my time.
In any case, Mr. "Hasty can say whatever he
likes. In the long run, I'm the one who is
holding the cards and it's going to be up to me
to either put up or shut up. Nothing this man
can possibly say will make one iota of differ-
ence in that process. My policy is and will
continue to be one of ignoring him and his
bosom buddy Todd Zechel, for whom "Hasty
seems to be only an unfortunate stooge. Zechel's
reputation is allegedly so bad with UFOlogy
that the only way he can continue to operate is
through a mouthpiece. In my opinion. "Hastyi
Is not the one who's writing those papers, the
poison pen is more likely held by Zechel.
Hasty's gullibility and paranoia make him a
convenient puppet and Zechel seems to use
him as such. As to why Zechel hates BIll Moore,
it's a very long and rather humorous story
involving the ability of an over-active imagina-
tion to transform a small matter of coincidence
into a full-blown, raging conspiracy.
Q:An Englishman named Christopher Allan, who some
have characterized as a British Phil Klass", has of-
fered the opinion that the MJ-12 documents are counter-
feit and that the counterfeiter based his work on the
1950 Wilbert Smith memorandum from Canada which
also refers to Dr. Vannevar Bush as having been
involved with UFOs. Do you have any comment on
this?
10 FOCUS, 1989
A: Christopher Allan and I have been corre-
sponding for some time. In my opinion, to
compare Allan to Klass is to do Klass a disserv-
ice. In any case, the one point neither Allan nor
anyone else can answer is how the writer of the
Eisenhower Briefing document knew that
Menzel would check out. Every attempt Ive
seen to answer this very important question
has been nothing more than sheer speculation.
Allan, of course, can speculate all he wants.
In light of your comment about Bush & the
Smith memo, please note that the Smith memo
clearly identifles Bush as head" of a project to
determine modus operandi. The Eisenhower
document identifies Hillenkoetter as heading
MJ-12. Seems like if someone was going to use
the Smith memo as back-up for forgery, they
wouldn't have made such an obvious mistake.
Q: In spite of the revelations you made in Las Vegas,
Linda Howe reportedly still feels that there really was
a UFO crash at Aztec, New Mexico. She also argues
that Richard Doty wasn't her only source of inside
information. Do you have any additional comments on
this matter?
A: Linda Howe may feel that the Aztec crash
really happened, but she certainly hasn't put
any evidence on the table to back it up, or to
refute the extensive material on this case pre-
sented oyer four years ago inạẠiCrashed UFOs:
Evidence in the Search for ProoẠiwhich was
published in the '85 MUFON Conference Pro-
ceedings. As for her other sources, this is
nothing new either. Remember that in Las
Vegas I said that I had become aware in early
1983 that Rick (Doty) was involved with a team
of several others, inciuding one fellow from
Denver that I knew of and at least one who was
working out oi Washington, D.C., In playing an
elaborate disinformation game against a promi-
nent UFO researcher.... The "researcher
involved here was Howe. Doty was involved
with at least three "others", possibly four; only
one of whom would have had any visible con-
nections with him.
Of course, who can blame Ms. Howe for trying
to save face? After all, she must find these
revelations both embarrassing and troubling;
especially coming as they have during the very
time she is seriously involved in trying to promte
her new book. Remember that the tome is self-

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 701, "chars": 4242, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
published, and if it doesn't sell she stands to
lose a bundle. It's a very unfortunate predica-
ment for her.
Q: Afew very vociferous people in the UFO community
have called your motives into question with respect to
your statement in Las Vegas. What about this?
A: I went to a great deal of trouble in Las Vegas
to put my motives on the table. Those who
continue to dwell upon them or remain skepti-
cal ofthem seem to be incapable or unwilling to
assimilate and digest what is obviously a very
much larger picture. Curiously, some of those
very same people who scream bloody murder
at ad-hominum attack tactics when they are
employed by certain UFO debunkers are now
actively employing those very same techniques
aginst me. When the debunkers make ad-
hominum attacks, the pro-OFO people invari-
ably argue that such attacks are made only
because the debunkers can't find any other
way to support their position.ạWhen you can't
attack the evidence, attack the witness." Need
I say more....? Yes.
The criticism of 'what (D did to Bennewitz" is
just another example ofthis. Truth is, allIdid"
to Bennewitz was report on his thinking, move-
ments and activities. Trading information is
perfectly good journalism and it's not unethi-
cal. The ethical question raised here is just
another way to conveniently avoid the real
issue; the inference being that if l am unethica.,
those who cast the aspersion must somehowbe
better. Rubbish!
If we're going to question motives here, then
let no one be above reproach. Certainly I have
my motives: just like everyone who takes issue
with me has his or her motives. One wonders,
for example, just what Barry Greenwood's
motives were when he debunked the MJ-12
documents to the press before he had ever
seen copies of them. Curiously, he has re-
mained one of my most vociferous critics ever
since. Could it be fear... fear that I might just
come up with something before he does? Or
could it be a feeling of inadequacy for the situ-
ation in hand. After all, debunking the docu-
ments takes nothing but rhetoric. Researching
them takes visits to archives, libraries and
document repositories all over the country.
Greenwood must certainly feel inadequate for
such a task since, by his own admission. he's
been to the National Archives all of once (for an
hour or so), and to other key faclines... never...
And does he have an open mind? Does he seek
Information? Not from me he doesn't. I've
never corresponded with him, never spoken
with him on the telephone, and have met him
face-to-face all of one time-- in washington
D.C. in a lobby for about ten minutes. We
exchanged pleasantries. No motives were dis-
cussed.
Q: Jim Moseley, writing in the Fall '89 edition of Caveat
Emptor, implies that it was you who went to the govem-
ment and blew the whistle on Paul Bennewitz. Is this
true?
A: Moseley's exact statement was,ạWhatever
Bennewitz was up to. Moore told the govern-
ment all about It." This is very misleading. First
ofall. It was the "government who came to me,
not vice-versa: and secondly, my role was es-
sentially limited to supplying them with infor-
mation concerning Paul's thinking, activitles
and inter-relationships with others. In addi-
tion, It would be more correct to say that I
worked with rather than for a government
agency. That agency, as is made perfectly clear
in my Las Vegas paper, was AFOSI, and my
contact man was Richard Doty.
Q: What about Timothy Green Beckley's recent book
MJ-12 and the Riddle of Hangar 18i
A: It's strictly an opportunistic publication.
Beckley's idea of research is to take everything
he can get from others and twist it into cash as
quickly as possible. The book is just another of
his shoddy attempts at me first journalism.
About the best thing it has going for It is its
glitzy cover.
Q: On page 41 of the September/October 1989 issue
of UFO magazine there is a review of Whitley Streber's
new novel Malestic. In it, George Earley, the author of
the review, makes two comments about you: First, that
you "served the U.S. govemment as ...a purveyor of
UFOlogical disinformationẠi and Second, that you are
reputedly on Striber's payroll these days. What is
your reaction to this?
A: I don't know what Mr. Earley's dictionnary
FOCUS 1988 11

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 772, "chars": 4439, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
says, but mine defines purveyor as one who
provides. There is a big difference between
one who is aware of a disinformation operation
and one who actually provides (i.e. *purveys")
the disinformation Itself. In Las Vegas. I stated
very clearly that my role in the government's
disinformation game was limited to providing
information on the thinking, activities and in-
ter-relationships of certain people in the UFO
feld. I had nothing whatsoever to do with the
counterintelligence and the disinformation,
although either knew or wasaware ofa number
of people directly involved with that end of
things. Where Mr. Earley gets "purveyor of
ufological disinformationiại out of that, I cannot
imagine. Seems like New England is full of
people these days who are so busy believing
what they want to believe that they haven't got
time to look at the facts.
The reputedly on Strieber's payroll these
daysạibit is just another example of this. As
near as 1 can trace it down, this one originates
in a rumor started by Barry Greenwood, who,
like farley, could have easily checked the
matter with a simple phone call to either me or
Strieber. Yet neither one of them could be
bothered. I wonder why?
Q: That's all well and good,..but even though you
denounce Greenwood and Earley for not checking,
you still did not address the real issue here. ARE YOU
on Whitley's payroll these days? Is there any agree-
ment between the two of you? Did you take a payoff on
Malestic?
A: Whitley called and asked me If I would be
willing to meet him in New Mexico, show him
the crash site, and introdue him to some of the
original witnesses. I said I would do it if he
would pay the air fare and expenses, but that I
did not want a fee. He sald he would be uncom-
fortable if I didn't accept payment. so in the end
1 took $300 for three days, plus another $160 in
air fare. That was the sum total of myipayoff"
on Majestic. I am not on Whitley's payroll, nor
have I ever been.
Q: How did Lee Graham come to get involved with the
MJ-12 and other documents?
A. As I said in Las Vegas, Lee is an aircraft buff
who spends a lot of time chasing details of our
12 FOCUS, 1989
newest experimental aircraft through the Free-
dom of Information Act. His interest in UFOs.
which stems from his interest in aircraft, goes
back at least ten years.
Lee's motives are best summed up as a *quest
for truthạ It's become almost a religious mat-
ter for him. He writes hundreds of letters to
virtually everyone from the president on down
in an effort to find someone who will help him
find that truth. Give him a lead, and he'll chase
it to the ends of the earth, so long as the chase
can be done through the malls. He's very loyal
in this process, and very open about it- the
loyalty being to both his friends and his em-
ployer the never talks about his work, which is
classified); and the openness coming from the
fact that there's absolutely no paranota in his
life. For him, chasing the truth about UFOs is
like trying to fill every blank space in & stamp
album he's not going to feel complete until
it's done.
In any case, shortly after Jaime Shandera
received the MJ-12 documents anonymously. I
had a conversation with Rick Doty about them.
Rick was curious, interested and concerned.
What are you going to do with them?", he
wanted to know. What do you suggest?". I
replied. Well, ifI were you, he sald. "d find
some way to protect my ass."
When I asked what he meant, he suggested
that I find someone to show them to who would
do a lot of talking about them to a lot of people.
"Show them to this person," he said, "but be
sure not to give him any coples. Let whoever it
is talk all they want. That way you can verify
how long you've had the stuff if you ever need
to, and at the same time, if the person you
select does enough talking. you might learn
something from the feedback. If those things
are real, talking about them is going to attract
somebody's attention. Pick your man, and then
just monitor what happens."
It sounded like a good idea and I decided to
act on it. After carefully considering several
likely "candidates* and discussing them with
Rick and others (including "Falcon himself,
we settled upon Lee Graham. Our reasoning
was that Lee could be depended upon to carry
the banner on this thing without making a
cloak and dagger affair out ofit. Lee, for his part
and without really being told what was ex-
pected of him, grasped the nature of his role

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3379, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
almost at once and seemed to feel very content
with it. All he needed to do was to write letters
and ask questions~- all I needed to do was keep
in contact with him and monitor the feedback.
From a legal point of view, neither of us was
doing anything wrong even if the documents
were real and had not been declassifled. Under
the law, the liability lay with the anonymous
source who had leaked them.
Anyway, Lee and I became good friends in
this process, and we are still good friends.
CRITICAL COMMENTS FROM
UFO MAGAZINE
EDITORIAL
-.Continued from page 6
plane models have too. In 1965, Raytheon flew
an early model for over ten hours in a test. But
the plans were apparently canceled, or at least
nothing further has been heard about it in
public.
As many readers are probably aware, certain
microwave frequencies can and do produce
physical and mental effects in humans. includ-
ing emotions and hallucinations! It can also
trigger ESP-like experiences. As far as I have
been able to learn, the experimental micro-
wave planes tested so far all have a wattle-like
or grid system on their underside and so
does this boomerang UFOI I don't think this is
all coincidence, although admittedly it does
need further checking. If the hypothesis is
correct, those who have had the most frequent
exposure should be the ones who have the most
visitor experiences. Those who have had one
or two exposures should have their "experi-
encesỊạa few days after their exposure. not
whlle they were exposed. Also, a blood test
should show elevated white blood cell counts
(sometimes as much as 50% above normal).
Strieber should be able to verify this in his own
case at least.
It's an angle on abductions that hasn't been
pursued before. I should think that at least
someone in the UFO community would want to
do some further checking before ruling it out.
he information that (William Moore)
has shamelessly revealed, about the
extent ofdisinformation in ufology and
when he participated in it. represents
the blackest mark on this field yet to surface.
No single element within the flow of UFO infor-
mation does more damage to the UrO field and
deflects popular interest in it than the actions
of those acencies and individuals who, without
reprisal, blithely override the Constitution of
the United States....KQ asks readers to think
long and hard about the implications of these
current disclosures.*
Vicki Cooper in UFO Magazine
Sept./Oct. 1989
This has been going on for too long. The
bottom line is that the UFO community has
been had.... In his speech he criticizes others
for spreading disinformation, but for the last
ten years, Bill himself has been one of the
biggest sources of disinformation in all ufology.
His money motivation is blatently obvious."
Barry Greenwood of CAUS
as quoted in UFQ magazine
Sept./Oct. 1989
BILL MOORE REPLIES
Dear UFQ Magazine:
With respect to your editorial (pg. 2) and the
associated article about me (pgs 4-5), please
allow me to point out that counterintelligence
people associated with the U.S. government
have been disseminating disinformation about
UFOs to the public (of which the so-called UFO
community is a part) for many years. Only by
exposing this process can we ever hope to
learn anything about how it works or anything
about its impact on us as UFO researchers and
I- journalists. Only by exposing it and ultimately
. FOCUS 1989 13

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 229, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ISSN: 1054-4208..
Focus
VOLUME 5 (NEW SERIES)
ISSUES 7-8-9
PRICE: $6.00
SEPT 30, 1991
THE QUARTERLY NEWSLETTER OF THE
FAIR WITNESS PROJECT
INC.
4219 W. OLIVE AVE. SUITE. 247
BURBANK, CA
91505
c.1991 FWP, INC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 607, "chars": 3710, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cerealogist. Nevertheless noconcrete evidence
had been presented that Doug and Dave had
faked any known Circle or pictogram other
than the bogus one in Kent which had been
conveniently harvested and removed in the
meantime. It seems likely that the two did fake
some Circles near Cheesefoot Head but it is
inconceivable that these two 60-year olds could
beresponsibleforthe whole phenomenon. They
do not even claim to have faked any of the
Wiltshire Circles such as the formation at
Barbury Castle or the Mandelbrot formation in
Cambridgeshire. We will have to look very
carefully at what they actually do claim to have
done. On Monday they demonstrated to the
press and TV their technique for circle-faking
in awheatfieldat Chilgrove, Sussex. The dumb-
bell formation which they produced was a pa-
thetic mess as could be crarly seen in the TV
They whistfully complained about
*over-ripe* wheat.
Behind the story in Today is a shadowy outfit
called MBF Services. They have supplied the
story to the newspaper and they doubtlessly
have paid Doug and Dave, also agreeing to
indemnity them against all the lawsuits and
claims of criminal damage which will now be
made by many Hampshire farmers. We have
tracked down MBF to an accommodation ad-
dress in Shepton Mallet where they are regis-.
tered as clients of Barclay Jackson, an expen-
sive up-market firm of accountants. All at-
tempts to identify the people who make up MBF
have failed and enquiries to Today newspaper
are side-stepped or met with silence. Barclay
Jackson describe their clients as aẠỊscientific
research and development" company. Clearly
there is considerable money behind their op-
Where this money has come from I cannot say.
but it is quite clear that a well-organized and
long planned attempt to rubbish the Crop Circle
phenomenon is under way. Whether or not this
is government-inspired cannot be determined
at present, but there is no way in which it can
succeed. The Circles will undoubtedly return
in 1992, with or without the assistance of Doug
Q& A FORUM
M
any times, people ask questions
through private contact letters,
phone and personal conversa-
tions, or as part of Q & A sessions
at conterences) which deserve to be aired in a
wider forum than the context in which they
were asked. Occasionally short articles have
appeared in FOCUS which were initially in-
spired by such questions. More often then not
however, the person who asks them gets an
answer and the matter ends there, effectively
lost to a wider audience who might also be
The purpose of this column is to provide a
public forum for readers' questions of general
interest which can be answered with short an-
swers. Readers having such questions are in-
vited to submit them for reply in future issues.
QUESTION: I am very interested in Townsend
Brown and his anti-gravity work. How can I get
in touch with him?
ANSWER: Unfortunately, both Townsend and
his wife Jo have passed away; Townsend in
October of 1985 and Jo within the past year or
so. At present, we do not know of anyone who
would be in a position to provide additional
information about him or his work,
QUESTION: Concerning the MJ-12 documents,
how do we know that Shandera and Moore
actually received them in December of 1984 as
claimed. Isn't it possible that they received
them at a much later date, say, just before they
went public with them in June of 1987?
ANSWER: First of all, a picture of the post-
marked wrapper in which they came was pub-
ishedinthe 1988 MUFON Symposiumproceed-
ings. But then, skeptics might dismiss that as
insufficient since the only evidence we have
which ties the wrapper to the roll of film which
was allegedly inside is the uncorroborated testi-
FOCUS 1991
15

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 680, "chars": 4038, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mony of Shandera and Moore themselves.
Photos of the documents had to have been in
Shandera and Moore's hands at least as early as
October of 1985 however, because Moore, act-
ing on what he regarded as triendly advice,
showed copies of the photos to associate Lee.
Graham and his wife at that time. Both Stanton
Friedman and Dr. Bruce Maccabee were also
aware of the documents' existence by then, but
did not have copies either.
According to Bill Moore, the first person to have
been provided with copies without restrictions as
to how they could be used, was Lee Graham in
the latter part of April, 1987.
QUESTION: Is it true that Phil Klass tried to
finger Lee Graham as a "security risk because
he was a "UFO kook, and that Klass' actions
resulted in the Defense Investigations Service
(DIS) opening a case file on Graham and con-
ducting an investigation in order to reassess his
having a security clearance?
ANSWER: Yes, it is. In fact, Klass recently
admitted to this under pressure from Don Ecker
of UFO Magazine. .
Lee Graham works as a technician for a major
aerospace contractor and as such, holds a SE-
CRET clearance. Klass became upset with
Graham several years ago after Graham chal-
lenged him publicly on several points during one
of Klass' presentations to an aerospace group in
California. Shortly after Klass retumed home to
Washington, D.C., he contactedthe Department
of Defense and fingered Graham to them. This
resulted in an extensive investigation of Graham
which caused both him and his wife considerable
consternation and concern even though he ulti-
mately emerged from it all with a clean bill of
health.
When Graham discovered he was under. inves-
tigation, he asked Bill Moore if he could learn
anything about what was behind it fromany ot his
sources*. Moore made a couple of inquiries,
one of which resulted in his being provided thie
opportunity of viewing, briefly, on a computer
monitor, what he believed was a copy of part of
16
FOCUS. 1991
the text of a letter (although he now concedes it
could have been a memorandum of information
received) from Klass in which Graham was ret
ferred to as "a UFO kook and reference was
made to Graham's potential vulnerability to So-
viet agents: Moore was shocked at this, but told
Graham only that he shouldn't be concerned
about the investigation and that he should coop-
erate completely and answer any questions he
might be asked as honestly as possible.
Subsequently, Moore was also asked,ẠWhat
about Lee Graham?", at which point he put in as
many good words for Lee as he could.
Quite some time later, alter the investigation had
been closed and Lee had emerged without prob-
lem, Moore told Lee about the letter (as he
believed it to be) from Klass which he had seen
on the CRT monitor. Lee requested an affidavit
from Moore attesting to what he had witnessed,
and Moore initially agreed to provide one. Upon
further reflection, and some advice from a friend,
Moore demurred; first of all because he realized
"he couldn't prove he had actually seen anything,
and secondly, because he realized that provid-
ing Lee with an affidavit would only initiate an-
other pissing contest with Klass which Moore
didn't deem worth the trouble.
Lee persevered; ultimately telling his story to
Don Ecker who succeeded in getting an admis-
sion out of Klass that he had indeed fingered
Graham, but claiming that he had done so by
phone and that he had not written any letter. The
important point here, however, is not whether
Klass did or did not write a letter, but rather that
Klass told Ecker that he regarded Graham asiẠa
UFO kookạiand that he had raised the question
of Graham's vulnerability to Soviet agents-
which is precisely what Moore told Graham he
had read during the brief moment he had been
allowed to view the CRT monitor!
And why did Klass do it? Why, he saw it as his
duty as "a loyal American citizen," that's all.
QUESTION: Is Carlos Allende of. Philadelphia
Experimentạfame still alive, and if so, how can .
he be contacted?
(Continued on page 30.)

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 205, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ary

Sal 5 na
wx i?
$y

x

«

“pease

a

+

a +t
= pak 0 a Ls F pag ke sume a & a ‘oe. =e 1 + at

FAIR-WILTNESS PROJECT
FOCUS’

4219 W.OLIVE. SUITE 247.

BURBANK,CA.91505

Sie

D

ae

& © ai

<<

G j ye ‘

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1311, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
P.R-K
NORTH FOR A COECK, tO
WILL POST THIS IN PASTE RATHER THON
& November 1993
BELAY IT. HATES fOR TILE INTENASTIN,
Nir
WILLIAM
MOORE
ARKET of GIoDIES.
Burbank. CA 91505
Hi Bill:
Just received your clippings and note.
! THANK YoU.
Hit your near trip bay elecent the to your liking, hat
filled with strife, etc..
Heard you made a speech in Las Vegas! TRUE i
Dressure A shok Lik intre (see
I do not understand why I
alleged MJ-12 "White Hits» at chosen to be the guy that. the
and "Black Hats" must argue with
one another through, but so be it! ~ Daur Kuw EiTHER.
Just by accident (ha-ha)
turned up at the
plce
asking the proprietor If she had any ghosts.
TO GEET HIM. HEI
AN INTERES.
In this regard, 1. e., whatever these people are up to-
ecali that you put it in writin
for me that
s not the "FALCON"! 7OE
Will you put it in oriting for me- CEATALY?
• 1% Thạt:
is not the "HAWK"?
THE NEUR"
2. That as you once stated to
40hd I (in our living
room, years agol, that someone invthe AFDSI was circulating
3. That the draving you showed to me of the head of the
dead(?) Alien was done at the request of the "FALCON" for
that one time only, and that it was done for the purpose of
turning me on" or some such statement that you mads) TRUE.
Looking forvard to our dinner enasaement: ME 70%..
mü
LIkEwISE.
AlkLAnos,

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 4496, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DOD 5200.1-R/AFR 205-1
28 April 1987
4. The date or event for declassification or
the notation "Originating Agency's Determina-
tion Required* or "OADR,* carried forward
from the classification source. If the classifica-
lion is derived from multiple sources, either the
most remote date or event for declassification
marked on the sources or if required by any
source,
the notationạOriginating Agency's
Delermination Required* or 'OADR" shall be
shown (also see subsection 4-401); and, if.
applicable,
4. (AF) This paragraph does not apply to
RD or FRD information (sce paragraph 4-102c).
5. Any downgrading action to be taken and
the dafe or event thereof.
6. (Added) (AF) Also show the date of the
document with above markings. This date is
necessary to describe the classified document on
accountability records, receipts, destruction cer-
tificates, and so on.
- c. In addition to the foregoing, classified
documents shall be marked as prescribed in
section 2 of this Chapter, Chapter XI, if, the
document contains foreign government informa-
tion, and with any applicable special notation
listed in section 5 of this Chapter. Such
notations shall be carried forward from source
documents to derivatively classified documents
when appropriate, (DoD 5200.1-PH (reference
(vy)) provides illustrated guidance on the appli-
cation of classification and associated markings
to documents prepared by the Department of
Defense).
c. (AF) AFP 205-13, contains illustrations on
how to apply markings required by this chapter.
d. Material other than paper documents shall
show the required information on the material
itself or if that is not practical, in related or
accompanying documentation (see subsection
4-300).
4-104 Identification of Classification Authority
a. Identification of a classification authority
shall be shown on the "Classified by" line
prescribed under subsection 4-402 and shall be
sufficient, standing alone, to identify a particu-
lar official, source document or classification
guide.
1. If all information in a document or
material is classified us an act of original
classification, the classification authority who
made the determination shall be identified on
the "Classified by line, unless the classifier is
45...
also the signer or approver of the document (see
subsection 4-402).
2. If the classification of all information inạ
a document or material is derived from a single
source (for example, a source document or
classification guide), the "Classified by line
shall identify the source document or classifica-
tion guide, including its date when necessary to
insure positive identification (see subsection
4-402).
2. (AF) Do not restate the entry in a
"Classified by" line of a source document in
the "Classified by line of a new derivative
document; instead, show the title of the source
document.
3. If the classification of information con-
tained in a document or material is derived from
more than one original classification authority,
or an original classification authority and
another source, or from more than one source
document, classification guide, or combination
hereol,
the "Classified by" line shall be
marked "Multiple Sources" and identification
of all such authorities and sources shall be
maintained with the file or record copy of the
document (see subsection 4-402).
4. If an official with requisite classification
authority bas been designated by the head of an
activity to approve security classifications 85-
signed to all information leaving the activity, the
title of that designated official shall be shown
on the "Classified by" line. The designated
official shall maintain records adequate to
support derivative classification actions (see
subsection 4-402).
b. Guidance concerning the identification of
the classification authority, on electronically
transmitted messages is contained in subsection
4-207.
c. Guidance concerning the identification of
the classification authority on DoD documents
that contain only foreign or NATO classified
Information is contained in paragraph 11-304 d.
4-105 Wholly Unclassifled Material
Normally, unclassified material shall not be
marked or stamped "Unclassified"* unless it is
' essential to convey to a recipient of such
material that it has been examined with a view
to imposing a sccurity classification and that it
has been determined that it does not require
classification. However, the marking *Unclassi-
fiedại may be applied to formerly classified
material (see subsection 4-400).

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 503, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES CODE
ANNOTATED
D
Judicial Pro-
and Mining
ance.
id Navigable
tle 10, Armed
Title 18
Crimes and Criminal Procedure
§§ 700 to 1080
vances of the
Services.
efits.
iga, Property,
;IS.
with and
Official Revision and Codification of the
Laws relating to the Judiciary and Judicial Procedure,
Under Arrangement of Official: Code of
the Laws of the United States
with
Annotations from Federal and State Courts
ng and Docu-
elephones, and
sphe
d ..
ST PAUL, MINN
WEST PUBLISHING OO.
ional Defense.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 3061, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Chị 47
FRAUD AND FALSE STATEMONS
Amendment.
Pub.L. 87-120,
1949 Amendment, Act May 24, 1048, c,
I?(d), Mar. 20, 1982, 78 Stat. 42, added
138, If 18, 10, 83 Stat. 92, corrected spell-
tem 1027.
"1018.
Acknowledgement etc.",
and substituted "officers' for "offices' in
1951 Amendment, Act Oct. 31, 1951, c. «1019. Certificates by consular officers.
855, | 25, 65 Stat. 720, subatituted, in Item
"Public Housing Administration"
for "Taited States Houng Authority", "
Oross References
Alien regiatration, fraud and false statements, see section 1308 of Title 8, Allens and
Nationality.
Carriery' reporte to Interstate Commerce: Commission, false entries, section 20(7) of
Title 48, Tranaportation.
-China Trade, false or-fraudulca: statements probibited, see section, 188 of Title 15,
Commerce and Trade.
§ 1001.
Statements or entries generally
Whoever, in any matten within the jurisdiction of any department
or agency of the United States knowingly and willfully falsifies, con-
ceals or covers up by any trick, scheme, or device a material fact, or
makes any false, fictitious or fraudulent statements or representa-
• tions, or makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the
same to contain any false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry,
shall be fined not more than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than five
June 25, 1948, c. 645, 62 Stat. 749.
Historical and Revision Notes
Boviser's Note
Based on Title 18, U.
Words "or any corporation in which
9.C., 1840 ed., 1.80 (Jar. 4, 1809, c. 321, 1 ibe United States of America in a stock-
35, 35 Stat, 1095; Oct. 23, 1918, c. 191, 40
holder" In said section 80 were omitted
Stat. 1015; June 18, 1834, c. 687, 48 Stat.
as unnecessary in view of definition of
998; Apr. 4, 1838, c. 69, 52 Stat. 197).
"agency in section 6 of this title. '
Section 80 of Title 18, U.S.C., 1940 ed.,
In addition to minor changes of
was divided into two parts.
phraseology, the maximum term of im-
The provision relating to false claims
prisonment was changed from 10 to 5
was incorporated in section 287 of this ti-
years to be consistent with comparable
tle.
sections.
(See reviser's note under sec-
tion 287 of this title.)
Reference to persona causing or procur-
ing was omitted aa unnecessary in view
Canal Zone. Applicability of section to
of definition of "principal" in section 2 Canal Zone, see section 14 of this title.
of this title.
Cross References
Conspiracy to defraud government in regard to false claims, see section 288 of this title.
Conspiracy to defraud United States, see section 371 of this title.
Education, section as applicable. to National Defense Education Program, see section
581 of Title 20, Education.
False claims for pensions, see section 280 of this title.
False claims for postal losses, see section 288 of this title.
False entry or certificate by revenue officer or agent, see section 7214 of Title 26,
Internal Revenue Code.
Falsification of postal returns to increase compensation, see section 1712, of this title.
Fraudulent claims, generally, see section 287 of this title.
331
