{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T22:08:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3943875, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123897-witness-10962-united-states-philanthropist-and-ceo-at-uspa-nationwide-security.pdf", "source_sha256": "990cd913719c18736c9d5f0e22e3fe247d93f454cf53b97a35dabeb7f050a218"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1062, "chars": 6484, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BUSINESS NEWS LEDGER
Tuesday, May 2, 2023
ECONOMY
ENTREPRENEURS
FINANCE
MARKETS
BUSINESS & LAW
MARKETING
TECHNOLOGY
INTERVIEWS
CURRENT ISSUES
Interview with Michael Evans,
Philanthropist and CEO at USPA
Nationwide Security
Bv Rachel Knox Aoril 30. 202:
< Share
LIFESTYLE
Latest article
Mav 1. 2023
HEALTH
April 30. 2023
Mandatory military
service
April 30,2023
All About Hatchlabz -
YOUR
FREE TRIAL
INCLUDES ALL
ACCESS
STREAMING.
Must read
Revolutionizing
LEARN MORE
((Siriusm)))
Calling All Female
Success
April 30,2023
Tandatory militar
Rache Knox
Columbia University in 2005. Rachel
community reporter, she also cover:
entrepreneurial news and issues
Michael Evans is an American entrepreneur. He is the chief executive officer (CEO)
of USPA Nationwide Security, an international security conglomerate, since May
2005 stepping up from his previous position as Vice President. He started with
USPA International (the parent company of all USPA brands) in 2005 and was
instrumental in the expansion of USPA from a single. New York Citv, location to one
of the largest security firms in the world today. He was recently featured in Forbes
Mazazine tor his philanthropic work with victims of human tranticking, we nad the
chance to speak with Michael about his unique business
Prior to starting SPA, vou worked in law entorcement. Did vou ever think that
one day you'd be running a company like USPA?
Not exactly, I knew I had more in me though. I remember taking my job seriously,
much to the dismay of come of my cunervicore never underctand that lean
remember on Memorial Day weekend, being brought in on overtime for
enforcement. Asl was walking out to start my natrol duties. my sunervisor auietiv
whispered to me, "Let's make tonight a non-event, which could've been
translated to. 'Go tind somewhere to sleep and don't do anthing, It was at times
like those, and there were many like it, that I knew I would, at some point, need to
do something else it were to tee tultilled by my work
You were featured in Forbes Magazine in March, 2020. In the article, the writer
mentioned your Kingsman Service, which are free security services to aid
women and children with domestic violence, human trafficking and
kidnanning. Why would vou nrovide thace cervices for free?
I guess the short answer is berause l grewun with a monster for a father. His death
last vear marked seventy vears of committing atrocities such as rane assault theft
and even murder. Followed bv manipulation of anvone and evervone he came intol
contact with. Kingsman was created to help children like me and my siblings and
mothers like mv mother and others mv tather abused. I was telline this storv to
someone last week and it really answers your question. I remember, as a young
child, pretending that my playroom closet was an escape from my father. In my
imagination onre lantered the clacet I was in a corret mowie theater limaciner
the theater. Every single detail. It had red railings, a huge screen, arcade games and
Sashark bar lalso envisioner a sunernero who would come to the rescue of mul
mother and of course my brothers and me. As an adult with the means to create
hoth. I had my movie theater built in my New York home. It's exactly the theater l
imagined as a kid. I mean precisely and it is well-hidden from the rest of the house
At the same time, I created Kingsman; the superheroes that helpless children are
waiting for while their mothers are being assaulted. Since starting Kingsman, I've
added kidnap recovery and human trafficking assistance. That came about when 1
was working to duard lica ling on an undercover chow che did 'Our America' and
the episode was named '3AM Girls' an expose on trafficking of young children in
Washinston D.C. streets
I read in USA Today, that you and your VP gave one of vour emplovees his own
branch office in India. Can you tell me about that?
The idea came from my Vice President, Sondae Esposito. One of my longest
standing emplovees. Jaspreet Luthra, was heading back to his home in India after
working very hard for 11 vears with USPA International. Jaspreet worked his way
up from an entry level job to a management position. We were about to open our
doore in ladis Wo dorided to cito Incorost tho whole hucinoes Wo didn't rotain
single percent. The value of that branch exceeds $6 million. COVID has put a delay
in fully launching the branch hit we stand readyto assist when the world anend
How are vou helning women and children with domestic vinlence?
It's a two-fold job for us. First, we provide physical security to protect the women
and children when they are ready to leave. Sometimes this happens in the middle
of the night and other times it occurs over the course of a day with a moving
company. Either wav, we are there to physically protect our clients. We never
charge a penny for this service. The second part of the job entails support.
Sometimes its financial, sometimes its emotional, and its usually both. One thing
l've coon ada common trait of an abucer. thou don't like strono mon and wamon in
their way. Many times, they attempt to befriend our bodyguards while their family
escanes a terrible situation. I try to keen in touch with all of the families I've
assister over the vears
Do you take on all domestic violence cases for free?
No. Sometimes we pass on the ich and here's why. We analve each case before we
decide if we'll take it. Not every separation or divorce involves abuse and when it
doesn't, we are not going to become the monsters ourselves. To answer your
question, we won't take the case, even for money. if we don't believe in what we
are doing
lethard authiny mold llo to toll noodlo who may nood Mou Kinamon
services, but are too skeptical to ask for your help?
I know there are some people who feel that nothing is free - that there must be a
ratch There ient ratch Idothese things herance | was vou Having grown ur
with a father who visited miserv upon my family and other people's families of a
scope and scale that would embarrass even the most ambitious maniac. I
understand the fear vou are experiencing. Once vou're out of the nightmare. I will
continue to support vou in any way possible. That's my promise.
Thank vou. Michael for taking the time to speak with us today
Cormor information do CD Motionuide Corprit gud their Kingemon Corvice
2 Share
Calling All Female da Maka,
Real Eat te mes: Revolut Fizing
nd Creating a Buzz Am
BUSINESS NEWS LEDGER
Legal Terms
CONTACT US
WERSITE DISCI AIMER
