{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:19:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1150174, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123863-email-from-witness-10959-top-secret-experiments-as-child-university-of-montana-3-20-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "0eb037bd60308f6bc27dffe35030323b9401a09e4c39349d50367d373490046d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 650, "chars": 3659, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For
WAPZ
File
3
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Wednesday, March 20, 2002 11:09 AM
FW: Witness Documentation
Original Message
From:
Sent:
Wednesday,
March 20, 2002 10:54 AM
To:
Subject: Re:Witness Documentation
To Whom It May Concern
Hello, My name is
id I am 34 years of age, and I have a story to tel.
This may be different
tories that the disclosure project has been told t
other witness testimonies since I
apparently used in a top secret experiment as a
child at the University of Montana in Missoula that was sponsored by the CIA in 1972.
It starts even earlier with my father.
was born on January 20,1939 in
Arizona. Eight years later when his family was in Roswell NM, my father and uncle stayed
with a family friend one night in July and after a thunderstorm and explosion that was
heard the night before, they where taken to a field the next day and found debris the a
portion of it is still with the family. The friend was
This is the portion of
the story that
has been told by
— and I would like to emphasize the fact that
as others may be using the "alien hypothesis" as a cover for what
they may be really doing. They left Roswell soon after that and moved to Tx. They where
migrant farmers looking for work in the 30's and forties unto the fifties. My father later
on as a young man joined the marines and was appropriated by the CIA during the Vietnam
Here is my part of the story, I was born on February 23, 1968 in Springerville, Arizona. I
had been born prematurely and almost died. I made it through this though and I now want to
tell you about the story that started in 1972. I had started first grade and I was having
problems in mathematics. So the school that I was attending had asked my father if I could
be enrolled in a pilot program where they would test me and try to find out what the
problem was. I was sent to the location and for nine months they ran all sorts of test on
me from what would be considered normal, to the paranormal or psychic, this is strange if
you consider the fact that I was suppose to be there to find out why I had a learning
disability. It was soon after that that my father took me out of the program and we left
Missoula MT. We left and for years my father would always tell my sisters and brothers to
make sure that I got home and never to let me go home alone.
In 1976 years later my dad was investigating the apparent murder of his brother who had a
crypto clearance in the Navy.
He was then warned to leave it alone by a FBI agent, but he
wouldn't. He had tape recorded phone calls and even one night had a few copies of the
recordings stolen by a government agent. I was the witness to this. It was then that my
father was called and threatened.
We then left and we where followed and threatened with
death over the CB radio with threats and taunts that followed over a hundred miles. It
wasn't until my father hid behind a sand dune that they couldn't tract us any more. I saw
at that time a convoy of trucks and cars that circled that road we where on. We waited
them out and in the morning my dad left.
Years later I worked for NASA/JSC in the cafeteria. I was on the fast track to becoming a
Assistant manager of Building 11 employee cafeteria when I was ordered to go and take my
employee physical. When I started I was being watched be NSA agents and even they called
me by name and asked how I was doing. I never thought anything of it. They checked on me
every two weeks and came in to see how I was doing. This all ended when I went to have my
physical done. I had lost my way to building 8 where the clinic is located, and I found a
man who was willing to show me where it was. His name is
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1542, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
later that he wasn't an engineer working there as
he told me he was, but the IG at that
time of JSC. As we walked and talked about things I did and he did, I asked him if he
could tell me if an idea I was working on was correct. I had thought up a concept for a
electromagnetic propulsion system. We talked and he had asked me to draw a rough drawing
of the concept,
I then complied. We then said good bye and three weeks later my boss fired
me after the NSA had a talk with him and a friend of mine who works NASA security and they
where told that I was being considered a national security risk because of my concept.
After this I was watched by the government and almost murdered by a government agent who
had befriended my and when he had not done what he had been ordered to do. He was arrested
and disappeared. His name was
Since then I have found out that certain parts of my records have disappeared. The parts
of my records that have my Il test results, the most recent of witch said that I had an
over 200 IQ result over all. I have had offers to work for the CIA, ONR, DOI, as well as
funding from NASA and the Air Force for research into the concept that I am working on. I
have declined so that I may work with SEAS and the Disclosure Group to assure that the
concept will be marketed and not shelved. There is more to this story and I would like to
under oath tell Congress and the public it in a open forum.
I do swear that what I have told is the truth!
Chat with friends online, try MSN Messenger: http://messenger.msn.com
2
