{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:08:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 354438, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123872-witness-10546-worked-on-arv-white-sands-nm-top-secret-clearance.pdf", "source_sha256": "f17978cab35b69c87940f60ec13e66b3cbcf38f4377239e639834abf429ef1b6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 527, "chars": 3281, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: WITNESS REPORT
Date: 07/20/2000 7:59:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
To: DiSGreer,
1. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record same.
Xeferred by XXXX
Full info pending his review of our material.
2. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony (ie, government, military, intel., corporate)
Pending witnesses review of our material.
3. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony, providing salient information on date, location, position and
invoivement at the time of the UFO/ET event or project.
Witness repeatedly emphasized that he has no physical proof or documentation to back up his testimony. He is
concerned that his word would simply be regarded as "hearsay'", but if we wanted to proceed nonetheless, he'd tell his story.
This incident took place at the White Sands Missile Range. In late 1964, while serving in the Air Force as a certified crew
chief with a Top Secret clearance; the witness was taken over to a hanger and asked to service a vehicle that was having
engine problems. The vehicle was a 16f. diameter flying saucer equipped with J-33 jet engines. The craft supported a flight
crew of one. The craft exhibited technology far surpassing what was available at the time. He was told that they did not yet
know how to implement the appropriate drive system, so they used conventional jet power. The hull was composed of an
Aluminum-Titanium alloy that he had never encountered on aircraft before at that time. The internal cockpit switching system
was far in advance of those in operation on other conventional aircraft. The designers and builders had to have something to
go by to get those controls to work the way they had them working. He did not know of such technology entering into
widespread use in conventional aircraft until the mid 1980s. Overall vehicle design far surpassed what the aerospace industry
was capable of back then.
Only three crew members on base were allowed into that hanger to do repairs. He only went in one time.
4. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation: Is he / she willing to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise (we
want to discourage this except in rare cases) ?
The witness has been approached in the past by tabloid TV shows that made mockery of is testimony and presented it in
a "circus atmosphere". He wants to read through our literature before he commits to granting an on-camera interview.
5. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or corroborating documents and other materials.
No corroboration. Witness repeatedly cited its lack as a possible drawback.
6. Always ask if' the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to other witnesses which could be useful to the project
(they may not offer this and so this should always be asked).
7. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and credibility, and HOW the witness comes across (
articulate, etc.
Witness comes across as direct and honest. His discourse is peppered with technical military terms, suggesting that he
indeed was in the places he claimed to have been. He conveys no sense of hyperbole or embellishment, and is honest in his
presentation and evaluation of what he saw and touched.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2259, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
10/25
upolate fron
Subj: Re: info for mop-up tour
Date: 10/25/00 2:40:59 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
To: XingPt
In a message dated 10/25/00 6:50:09 AM, you wrote:
Steve and Twent through all the list last night and I have a couple of questions about people from the Southem CA list.
Please let me know if you ever contacted these guys or what, if anything, you can tell me about them.
I read the report on X
you know where Sunshine Packaging is?
and he sounded like a good interview. Do you have a more specific address for him? or do
Many thanks.
If you could let me know before you blast of for the east it would be great. The plan right now is to do the mop-up from Nov 9-
20 which will include CO, NM, AZ, Southem CA and northern CA, if necessary.
Thanks
>>>
I'm really rushed. I leave here at 7 AM tomorrow morning. Beiow are my notes and/or communications with the people you
asked about.
R
* - ringing phone with no answer
c-moved out of S. CA. No longer in my travel area. (See more below.)
ie - Never able to get through to her. No data on file.
an- POCto XXX
i. Very cooperative. Once I reached XXX only spoke with XX one more time.
ringing phone with no answer
refused the interview on advice from his attomey, a former CIA counsel. Concem over his security oath. In the past,
he experienced major problems when he blabbed about the illegal invasion into Cambodia under Nixon in which he
participated. He and a number of vets were suing over pensions that they should have received for time served in the military,
and some of that time was spent in unacknowadged projects. They inadvertently spilled the beans on an unacknowledged
project, i.e. an illegal invasion of a foreign country. As a result, Jim and his buddies lost a whole lot of their above board
pensions, and there were other reprisals. He won't go on camera. He wouldn't give me any more contact info except his work
phone number for reaching him. If you call there during business hours, he almost always picks up the phone. It's a packing
plant.
Below is a communication from
> who moved from S. CA to Oregon and was no longer in my travel region. I found
out about his move after XXXad already done the N.W.
Good luck!
Wednesday, October 25, 2000
Compuserve: Xinget
Page: 1
