{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T05:49:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4585930, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123934-tom-bearden-united-states-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "0dbdc6ec1cee05c483266ef4ef7d7521fbdf8457c7a6b034ed87b5abdb199ca1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2746, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
*Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Thanks
Yes, static electricity can indeed be used to power things, without ever draining the primary "static voltage" source.
The electrostatic scalar potential ("voltage") decomposes into bidirectional EM longitudinal waves, per Whittaker's well-
known paper in 1903. So a "static field" or "static potential" is actually a nonequilibrium steady state system of ongoing
real EM energy flows.
Hence if you set a "static voltage" on the middle of a real transmission line, the "static voltage" takes off like gangbusters
by flowing in both directions nearly at light speed, potentializing the line along both directions. If the static voltage were
truly "static", it could not even move.
If we go to the long-missing asymmetric Maxwellian systems (which by direction of J. P. Morgan were arbitrarily discarded
by Lorentz by his symmetrizing the Heaviside equations in 1892), then we can indeed use "static" voltage to potentialize
and power a circuit.
Here's one way.
Connect a source of static voltage (electrostatic scalar potential or ESP for short) to an external circuit momentarily, while
the electrons in the external circuit are deliberately pinned and cannot flow as current. The ESP will flow onto the external
circuit, potentializing it, but there will be zero current flow because d/dt = 0 momentarily due to the pinning. (Actually, this
flow of ESP changes and potentializes the local vacuum in which the external circuit is embedded, thereby also changing
, now are e planated en rom any sand fe and ca sure a
but without current or work being yet done).
Now - with the charges q still pinned but with the external circuit potentialized - just switch away the external source of
static voltage. At that gap in the external circuit, complete the circuit again with a resistor and diode in series (the diode is
oriented in the direction that current will normally "want" to flow once the pinning of the charges is released).
Then the pinning dies away, so that the electrons can now move and dq/dt current appears in the separated and re-
completed external circuit. This NEW and already freely potentialized circuit will now discharge that freely collected
potential energy, to power its losses and its loads. The real power developed in the resistor, e.g., can be directly
measured
So in this "new" external (now symmetrized!) circuit that is now unpinned, half the previously collected free potential
energy will be dissipated to power the loads and losses (against the forward mmf) and the other half will be dissipated to
kill the source dipolarity (where the interaction from the local excited vacuum with the broken symmetry of the dipolarity is
actually extracting the EM energy from the vacuum).

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2658, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So some "free power in the load" will be generated, as the circuit decays and discharges its freely collected potential
energy.
Then one disconnects the resistor and diode, reconnects the external circuit to the original static voltage source,
repotentializes the external circuit with charges pinned, separates the source and recompletes the external circuit, and
iterates the process again. And again. And again.
We have described the operation of an asymmetric system - the kind of Maxwellian systems that Lorentz arbitrarily
discarded and that electrical engineering still arbitrarily discards today. Simply check Maxwell's original theory - 20
quaternion-like equations in 20 unknowns, and it contains both symmetric and asymmetric systems.
Any system that receives and uses excess energy from its local vacuum is a priori an asymmetric system, because it must
have and use more forward mmf than the primary source back mmf.
The example given was simply to disconnect the external source while the circuit is still "pinned", prior to any current
being rammed forcibly back through the back emf of the primary source.
This example could be simulated on a good simulation, to show that it indeed will work as advertised
To get the pinning (of up to a microsecond, e.g.), one could use the primary conductors in the external circuit made of 2%
iron doped in 98% aluminum. Such an alloy can be made in a metallurgical lab, in an inert atmosphere.
There are also other ways to do the pinning that sophisticated circuit people already know, and that can be used. The
problem has been that the primary circuit people who do and use pinning, also do not remove the primary source.
The "secret" is potentialize statically with the primary static source connected, then dissipate dynamically with the primary
static source disconnected and the external circuit re-completed.
Very best wishes,
From: Todd Hathaway
Hi
Inventor
s is very close to your neck of the woods...any chance you could save us airfare by
checking his tech out in person next month?
His phone number is in the article, and home address available if you call him. He lives in Florala, AL.
http://www.defuniakherald.com/April|207.html - scroll down to "The Power to Light the World" article.
Feel free to contact Mr. Owens directly. Demo of his prototype should be available around the end of next
month.
I am certain your Navy brethren in Panama City will take an interest in his tech.
If you inform the Navy of the demo results I will bring the Army and the rest of DoD up to speed.
Those Ce'd will inform the public as info is provided to them directly from you, so keep this email in your
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 363, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
archives for future reference.
Guidance from the ethers directed me to a keyword search for "static electricity generator overunity" and
articles on XXXXX popped up:
www.google.com/search?q=statictelectricity+generatortoverunity
I talked to >
today, and he sounds legit. Across the board good vibes from him. My experiences
suggest that he is the real deal.
XX
3
