{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T12:18:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2752427, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123937-tom-bearden-united-states-13.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f80202ae553ea4a00201b722dea50fb5fe5cdd02d3c1db26580cc02ef157167"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3837, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CC:
Fwd: What Stopped the Steorn Public Demonstration
9/3/2007 11:20:14 PM Eastern Daylight Time
& DrSGreer
XX
XXXXXXXX
Page 1 of 1
Evers, A
moving Devices 1
Dear Steve,
FYI. The following excerpts are from a long (as usual) >
X assessment of what may have happened to the
Steorn motor and why it failed. We must be aware of these issues as we move forward.
1. Location change effect:
The point is, every location has its specific "archetype" or "pattern" of its dynamics exchange with its locally
occupying matter and systems. Even the intent in the mind of the inventors affects the local archetype over time,
since mind dynamics is in the time domain, and - from a quantum field theory viewpoint - thus involves scalar
(time-polarized photon) activity and exchange. Quoting Tiller:
"Most people concluded from this that the inventor was either (1) not a careful investigator, (2) was imagining
his earlier results, or (3) was practicing fraud. In this, everybody makes the implicit assumption that one space for
this experiment is the same as another, that one collection of equipment is the same as a set of physically
identical equipment and that one careful experimenter is the same as another careful experimenter. Our
accumulated data of the past seven years shows, unequivocally, that this assumption is false. "[William Tiller in
Vol. 10, issue 58 of Infinite Energy magazine. Author Addendum]
So when the Steorn group moved their demonstrator from its usual Irish location of several years, into a new
site to set it up, they may well have run into the "different archetype" and "different vacuum dynamics" effect. If
so, the unit would then demonstrate different and unusual effects in the new location that were "responsible" for
its problems. Specifically, it could demonstrate COP<1.0, or mechanical difficulties.
(2) Quantum Potential interference
In short, if you establish this quantum potential connection between the distant targeted object and an
elemental target in the lab, then by merely placing a desired EM signal or effect in that lab object the identical
effect or signal appears instantly in the distant target, without any "travel through intervening normal space at light
speed".
If one changes the input signal into the lab "entangled" sample, then instantly the same change appears in the
distant entangled targeted system.
It would have been quite normal practice for the High Cabal (the evil parts of those high cartels) to "disarray"
and destroy the Steorn demonstration by whatever means was convenient and necessary, to deliberately make it
a failure. E.g., using a quantum potential connection, one could introduce EM drag forces in the lab device, that
dramatically increase drag on the bearings to burn them out or destroy them, and voila! The exact same effect
instantly appears and happens in the distant targeted device(s). So Steorn could change the bearings in their unit
out there at the demonstration site, and it made no difference. The QP-induced effect simply reappears in the
new bearings, causing them to fail also.
Because of the failure of several sets of bearings in the new location, I strongly suspect that the High Cabal
just hit the Steorn device with a quantum potential carrier of a drag force effect specifically designed to ruin the
quite sensitive bearings. In a normal situation, if one set of bearings had a hidden defect and failed, then a new
set should have cured the problem. It did not do so, hence one concludes the situation "was not normal".
Anyway, one of those two possibilities is what happened to the Steorn group's planned decisive public
demonstration. Because of the specific indicators, the probability is more than 80% that it was due to a hostile QP
interference, in my opinion.
=
Tuesday, September 04, 2007 CompuServe: DrSGreer
