{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:41:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 476232, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123906-witness-10453-united-states-letter-to-dr-greer-1-23-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "a0aa98f46f5a1372b8eb0c21863e08d7c955581421e0ae11438284042feb7486"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2676, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
---
From:)
Jan. 23, 2001
To: Dr. Steven Greer, M.D.
Dear Dr. Greer,
I am in receipt of your letter and book, sent on Dec. 5, 2000, and thank you for providing me
the opportunity to address your_audience. in some small way. I would not however feel as if I were
entirely honest with you unless I told you beforehand that I think that there is at least a 99.9% "
probability that you and your project are an OSI/CIA-conceived and operated one. That still leaves
a 1% chance that you could be the biggest optomist that I have ever seen. That being said, all I can
do is appeal to your conscience and reason, to urge you to do all in your power to attempt to truly
unmask and undo government secrecy, because it has already undermined the constitutional rights.
of Americans to have government only by their fully-informed consent, as well as having virtually
obstructed the flow of advanced technical progress and associated benefits which the patent system
was designed to insure.
*+
I have previously seen most if not all the letters and documents in your book, which bring to
mind one word: CONTRITION. In these documents, the security establishment is saying, "Look!
See! Here are our documents, which show that we don't know what UFOs are! Gosh, wé sure wish
we did! Does anyone know how we can find out?" That of course is their job, to conceal UFO
technology, in probably the most extensive hoax in history. In a couple of cases, they almost stepped
over the line. For example, in your document ( page 460), they speak of "the problem" and "the
solution": The "problem"
is to identify any and all of the peculiar electro-propulsive UFO
characteristics---such as precession, corona discharge, etc.---which may allow private citizens to
distinguish government UFOs from conventional aircraft or stars, while "the solution" is to develop
technology to conceal these characteristics, to make the UFOs either un-seeable, or appear so similar
to stars or conventional aircraft that they are virtually indistinguishable from them. A great deal of
atmospheric, physical research---particularly at Los Alamos---has gone into the concealment process.
Teams of CIA Ph.D.s also create, design and initiate UFOlogy projects.
The unique thing about UFO technology, unlike some other secret technology, is that it is one
which the controlling élite corporations never want to admit is government-possessed, muchless that
it be declassified, since public access to this technology would have a devastating impact on the
economic and political monopoly of that "permanent" élite, but in my opinion; it would conversely
have a liberating and beneficial effect on the public the world over.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3661, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
Several of the documents, while appearing to be "declassified" or "unclassified" ones---
disseminated for the predictable misinterpretational purposes they lend themselves to---sometimes
reveal the government's concern over Russian UFOs, as distinguished from those of the NATO
countries and the US, as evidenced by your document (page 464), which shows Russian possession
in 1955. The recommendation to debrief, shown on 465-66, distinguishes the terms "revolving
slowly" and "whirring". Mistakenly thought to show that the saucers revolved (which the government
knew was not the case at the time), these two terms denoted the different rates and angles of
precession of the craft when climbing or cruising, respectively, as I describe in my book regarding the
ship I (we) witnessed at a distance of about 300 feet on a clear day, before it did some startling
maneuvers as it sped away (page 77-78, PENTAGON ALIENS.).
As I say in my book, "What you see and think is what they want you to see and think'" An
example of the contrite and insane technical misinformation and outright lies, often contained in such
documents, is represented by the illustration and accompanying technical description given in the
document on page 492, which would have us believe that the disks have "flaming" and "revolving"
outer rims, turned at 22,000 rpm by rockets or jets, which would create such gyroscopic angular
momentum as to render the ships unmaneuverable, and insure that they would crash almost
immediately. Such ships could not execute the zig-zag flight pattern referred to either. Only the
electro-propulsive system devised by Nikola Tesla could do this, and would create the illusion of all
the superfluous effects so often referred to, just as the ship I witnessed in 1953, and many others I
have witnessed, including those I viewed in 1957, in the original reel of film shot by observer-
photographers of my 8th AF Intelligence group, 26th Strat. Recon. Wing, SAC, Lochbourne, AFB,
Ohio, over the ball-bearing plants in Schweinfurt, Germany, during 1943-44 WW II B-17 G bombing
runs, in which they were harrassed by German "Foo-Fighter" '"Fliegende Schildkröte"/ UFOs.
As I also document in my book, the "spinning" tendencies of the brush discharges used in the
propulsion system, which has given rise to the spinning illusion, were closely studied by Nikola Tesla
in the 1890s, as he learned to control them.
Most of your "US Government Visitors" (beginning page 514) are related to corporations or
government entities which either are required to enforce laws designed to maintain secrecy, or which
have a strong vested interest in continued government secrecy, since they are involved in profitable
research, or manufacturing of UFOs and various components, or which have an interest in maintaining
the coercive-monopoly, politico-economic status quo of American fascism.
I have no delusion that the power èlite will willfully relinquish secrets which will spell their own
end, per se, and believe that "disclosure" will come only after so many civilians have discovered and
begun "wildcat" use of the technology, despite attempts to stop them, thereby mooting the secrecy
issue. What I look forward to---which may never come- is the admission by the government that it
has executed a multitude of lies and elaborate hoaxes on the American people, for a long time, at
great expense, to conceal advanced technology, because it would damage the archaic and obsolete
technology of the mega-corporations, and deliver to the people a freedom from environmental
pollution, geographic entrapment, energy-slavery, and parasitic, politico-economic paternalism.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 2902, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tie son o
-
I think this letter is essential to making certain that there are no surprises or confusion about
what I stand for. Having studied and observed the issues for over fifty years, I want to make it clear
at the outset that I would not believe that our government was in contact with "aliens", even if it said
so, and I believe it would go so far as to concoct such a brazen lie, only as a last resort, and only if
extraordinary pressure pushed it to such an extreme. It would do so probably before it would adimit
what I believe to be the truth, that UFOs are exclusively man-made. Of course, while I would be
dumbfounded if the government did disclose its UFO secrets, I just don't think that is possible under
the circumstances. At this stage of the game, I do not think UFOs are justifiably classified as "national
security secrets", because all the major governments of the world now possess them, and all of them
apparently conceal them from their people under a 1955 international agreement made in Geneva.
The enclosed copy of my DD-214 is included for your confidential use, with the understanding
that it be kept confidential. All the information on it is not accurate anyway, as the AF falsified my
GCA-school-test scores as part of their scheme (made them look low, When 1 was one of the top
students in the school) to remove me from the school, at Biloxi, Miss., because they had already
switched me to the intelligence field (see circled area with date), after it was confirmed in November,
1956, that, at the age of barely 18, I had uncovered a KGB cell, in August, 1956, running the AF
Career Councilling Center, which also resulted in the arrest of Col. Rudolf Abel, Western Hemisphere
Director of KGB Espionage Operations, just as he attempted to cross the border into Mexico in 1956.
As part of their scheme to remove me from the GCA school, because they had already changed
me to the intelligence field (without my knowledge at the time), and according to my best analysis
of the events, the blundering AF spooks tricked me into taking a neurotoxic drug, belladonna, in the
"uncut" form (100% pure extract, rather than the 10% "tincture), resulting in destroying neurons in
my hypothalmus, giving me narcolepsy for the rest of my life. The belladonna was apparently intended
to cause stupefaction and related symptoms to justify "washing me out" of the GCA school, but
additionally resulted in creating the then little-known, permanent neurological disability, narcolepsy,
which rendered me unfit for military service, without the required medication at the time.
I hope this letter answers any questions you may have about me and my beliefs. Nothing would
please me more than actual disclosure of the true facts, and despite my reservations, I truly wish you
well in obtaining disclosure of the truth, rather than more government lies, innuendos, or irrational
denials.
3.
