{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T19:31:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1869465, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123932-tom-bearden-united-states.pdf", "source_sha256": "02eade45dea8b77cb88ef532fdbf9334c24b41090bb32c03a165e12233df54af"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1738, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
краватикі,
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
Cc:
RE: Fwd: castaway
Monday, January 29, 2001 9:24:35 AM
Dear
CLOSE HOLD, PLEASE.
The weapons are very real; nuclear weapons have not been the decisive
weapons on earth for some time. All nuclear weapons, every ICBM, every
nuclear submarine propulsion system, every nuclear bomb, all nukes in
storage, and all weapons grade nuclear material of a weapon size, can be
dudded everywhere on earth -- all at once - in about 10 minutes. This
weapon has been deployed in Russia (not in regular forces, but under rigid
KGB control) since the end of 1989. Brazil has the same kind of weaponry,
as does a friendly little nation in the MidEast that does not speak Arabic.
If you are interested in such, I've followed the development and technology
for years, and can send you a long write-up.
There earliest "superweapons" -- type spoken of by Khrushchev to the
Presidium in Jan. 1960 - were longitudinal EM wave interferometers.
Longitudinal EM waves and beams easily pass right through the earth and
ocean, and in a distant interference zone, "ordinary" EM energy is
reproduced. By biasing the electrical grounds of the interferometer
transmitters, one can produce either convergent EM energy (cooling) at the
distant IZ, or divergent EM energy (heating). There is a published AlAS
paper which proves the interferometry. Hence these earlier weapons can
focus energy deep within the earth (at a fault zone to cause earthquakes),
into a missile being launched or shortly after launch (launch phase
anti-ICBM defense system), into a nuclear submarine deep underwater, inside
a deep C4l system (e.g., Cheyenne Mountain), etc.
Those earlier weapons were used to destroy the U.S.S. Thresher in April
1/29/01
CompuServe

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1818, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tar..
1963
(left all kind of specific signatures). One day later, the same weapons let
go an underwater EM burst, deep under the surface, 100 miles north of
Puerto
Rico. The surface of the ocean boiled, and a cone of water rose up a
half-mile high, turned into the typical cauliflower, then fell back into the
ocean. It was seen by a passing U.S. jetliner, whose crew reported it to
the U.S. Coastguard and the FBI when they landed in Florida from Puerto
Rico.
Many of these EARLIER weapons were (LWIs) were leased to a rogue
Japanese
group consisting of the Aum Shinrikyo and the Yakuza, on site in Russia at
the end of 1989. Since then, several aircraft have been shot down by the
Yakuza with these weapons.
Several earthquakes have been induced
worldwide,
and the weather over North America has been severely engineered.
In April 1997, the SecDef openly confirmed such electromagnetic weapons at
conference in Georgia. But the news media were so obsessed with the
Clinton-Lewinsky scandal that they did not even react!
Here's the exact statement by the SecDef:
"Others [terrorists] are engaging even in an eco-type of terrorism whereby
they can alter the climate, set off earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through
the use of electromagnetic waves... So there are plenty of ingenious minds
out there that are at work finding ways in which they can wreak terror upon
other nations..Jt's real, and that's the reason why we have to intensify
our [counterterrorism] efforts." Secretary of Defense William Cohen at an
April 1997 counterterrorism conference sponsored by former Senator Sam
Nunn.
Quoted from DoD News Briefing, Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen, Q&A
at
the Conference on Terrorism, Weapons of Mass Destruction, and U.S.
Strategy,
University of Georgia, Athens, Apr. 28, 1997.
1/29/01
CompuServe :
Page 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2310, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Note that the SecDef DID NOT speak the words inserted in square brackets.
He was referring to something more general that internal terrorists.
Once one understands LWI, it became very simple to track many of the
tests - and the state of development -- through several decades, and I did
so. I even published a photo of the actual strike of such weapons, offset
from U.S. shuttle launches at Cape Canaveral in latter Nov. 1985. Two
weeks
later, on Dec. 12 that same weapon killed the Arrow DC-8 taking off from
Gander, Newfoundland with two uses. (1) in continuous convergent
interferometry mode, the weapon focused in the internal combustion of the
jet engines, cooling the gases and thereby reducing thrust. (It isn't the
thrust that is important, but the thrust-to-weight ratio). Reducing the
thrust reduces the ratio. As the pilot lifted off, he realized his lift was
far below normal, and started a slow right turn, intending to come round
again and land as an emergency procedure. At that time, the weapon formed
ball of EM energy (what is called an "EM missile"), in the clouds, and moved
it rapidly down to strike the aircraft in the right fuselage ahead of the
engines. The actual streak of that EM missile strike was physically
observed by an eyewitness,
The missile burned instantly
through the fuselage and ignited the plastics in the forward part of the
cabin explosively. These outgassed explosively, emitting hydrogen cyanide
among other things. Several breaths, and half of the persons on board were
dying of HCN poisoning. Later autopsies showed that about half the
passengers were in fact dead of HCN poisoning before the aircraft struck
the
ground. Both recorders showed a synchronized voltage spike when the EM
missile struck the aircraft. The stricken aircraft then sank to the ground,
still tail-down, and exploded.
When an EM missile strikes an aircraft like that, certain reactions are
created in the materials that are not in the normal literature. I furnished
one such reaction to the NTSB after the TWA kill, where there is created a
long-lasting radioactive isotope of the aluminum right in the strike area.
The radioactivity can be detected, and the isotope can be proven by isotope
composition analysis as with mass spectrometry. That is a 100% certain
1/29/01
CompuServe :
Page 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2247, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
signature. I don't really think the NTSB believed me.
Another thing is that such a strike "time-charges" (we can completely
explain this new kind of charge, and prove that it exists) the struck
materials. Afterwards, for quite some time the materials emit longitudinal
EM wave radiation as the time-charge decays. Living bodies exposed to such
LW EM radiation incur substantial interference with their immune systems,
their cellular functioning, and particularly with their cellular
regenerative system -- a system studied mostly by Becker in the 1960s, and
which uses the "novel" kind of
EM including a dramatic extension of phase conjugate optics. We solved that
problem also quite some time ago.
At any rate, some 60 or so of the ground handlers of the materials at the
Arrow crash site later came down with debilitating conditions, and many are
still debilitated. Everything from headaches and nausea and disequilibrium,
to stomach and internal conditions, to weak muscles, tremors, etc.
At the time of the Arrow crash, the National Security Council was involved
in its infamous Iran-Contra illegal activity. They immediately concluded
that the Arrow crashed because of a bomb explosion, and that it was the
work
of Arab terrorist (our paratroopers were in the aircraft in charter,
returning from peace-keeping operations in the Mid-East). They panicked at
the NSC, because they feared a REAL investigation would uncover the Arab
bomb cause, and the public clamor would then widen the investigation and
uncover their illegal activity in the Iran-Contra affair. So extreme
pressure was placed on the Canadians to wrap that thing up as an icing
accident. A U.S. general hastily dispatched to the site was mostly only
interested in bulldozing over the debris, etc. You probably know the rest;
witnesses were intimidated, eyewitnesses (there are more than
had their testimony derailed and withheld from the Canadian board, etc. So
they buried the incident along with lots of fine men in our U.S. Army who
deserved a better shake than they got from that criminal group at NSC.
Other kinds of weapons, far more advanced, are also involved including
quantum potential weapons. A QP weapon can fire upon any number of linked
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2542, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
targets, widely separated (in fact, anywhere in the universe). Whatever
energy is fired from the launcher, instantly (no propagation through an
intervening space, since the QP is a multiple connection in space) emerges
in each and every one of the distant targets. So a launcher can fire, say a
gigawatt pulse, and if connected to 10,000 targets, each of those targets
will receive 1 gigawatt instantly with no time delay at all. The first test
of such a weapon (gingerly) in prototype was against the U.S. air attack on
Libya in April 1986 (lots of tests were in April, so the Commies could have
a good May Day report). The kill of the Thresher was in April, etc.
By engineering the time domain, the mind and its operations can also be
engineered. The Russians call this area "psychoenergetics"
, and have an
elaborate deception plan to trick the West into thinking it just means
"parapsychology". It doesn't. They are very far along on those weapons,
and can now control any selected individual anywhere on earth, doing a
technical job. The kill of Captain Button in 1996 was a demonstration
milestone; they had to control a military officer doing technical work
continually (flying an aircraft, e.g.) for a period of one hour. The real
use was to build lots such systems and "seize" the operators and crew on
site in the little nation at the QP weapon sites, stand down the weapons,
then let go a full strategic strike to the U.S.
Note that this full capability to control the operators was not achieved in
1997 sufficiently to take over the crews of the QP weapon sites. It
requires probably several very sophisticated LW transmitters per seized
individual, and a very seasoned and experienced operator crew of some 20 to
30, to seize and "operate" one single person. But in 1996 they proved they
were getting there, and therefore would have started the full development
and training, etc. for later deployment in force.
The first scheduled full KGB strategic attack of the U.S. etc. with the
superweapons would have occurred in Feb. 1997, but the little nation forced
its abortion. I played a minor role in alerting the little nation to what
was coming down. To my horror, the attack was then rescheduled for May 1,
1997. I was stunned, since obviously the QP weapons would remove Russia
from the face of the earth -- or so I thought. Then I realized an obvious
but stunning thing: The little nation was a sane nation, and had installed
an insane C4l system. In that approach, one must observe the preparations
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2266, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the enemy, wait till a decision is made, then order the strike. If the
crew is alive on the QP weapon sites, they initiate launch sequence. The
weapon fires at the completion of the sequence, and Russia essentially
disappears from the face of the earth.
However, the "sane" C4l is easily countered. The simplest mass EM weapon
against a site or a broad area is the "mindsnapper" tested twice in small
versions in Afghanistan. What happens is that the local rate of time is
just sharply "jerked" a bit. This instantly separates the mind from the
body in every form of life in the struck area. Birds, bacteria, germs,
reptiles, mammals, humans -- everything dies instantly and totally. Every
cell of the body is also dead instantly. Not even a nerve cell fires after
that strike. It is as if the body had been radiated for some time by gamma
radiation from a Co60 source. Everything - viruses, germs, cells, nerves,
total body - is instantly and totally dead. The struck body falls exactly
like a limp dishrag, and never twitches, fires a nerve cell, nothing.
Also, the struck area is then "hot" with longitudinal EM wave emission for a
protracted period (months, for a big hit, couple weeks for a small hit).
Any living thing entering that radiation field, is massively jammed EM -wise
at every level. The body gets dizzy, loses equilibrium goes into seizures,
and falls down and dies.
So the KGB, after aborting the Feb 97 attacks, simply rescheduled the
attacks by placing a huge mindsnapper attack on each QP weapon site of the
friendly little nation. By instantly killing all operators and rendering
the sites inhabitable for months, they could then proceed to neutralize all
the nukes worldwide, destroying the U.S. strategic arsenal in 10 minutes.
Then they could blast away with the LWIs at leisure, destroying almost all
of the United States.
So I tried desperately to contact the little nation in "approved" ways. All
failed. A former Ambassador of that country to England, whom I tried to
reach, had been assassinated a week earlier. We got within five days of the
actual May 1 attack. So I sat down and openly faxed the entire story to
Netanyahu personally, strongly urging him to change the C41 to an "insane"
control system.
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2242, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An insane C2 system works like this: At a given interval (say, every two
hours), the computer automatically initiates the QP launch sequence. During
that sequence there is an interval where, if they are still living, the crew
can punch in the code and stand down the system again. The computer then
resets, and two hours later initiates launch sequence again. Etc. That
counters the mindsnapper. They could still kill all the site personnel and
render the site not enterable again for months. However, within two hours
the weapons would still fire, and Russia would disappear from the Earth.
So we wrote up al that in a panic message to Netanyahu. They made the
changes, and also let the Russians know (that was also necessary). Just
about the time Secretary Cohen was making his statement in Georgia (Apr.
28,
1997), the vast KGB armada of superweapons preparing to destroy the
Western
World was forcibly standing down again.
I breathed much easier then, knowing that we had some time left now.
However, I also knew about the psychoenergetics weapons development and
testing. So shortly after May 1997, I sent a long writeup to the little
nation on all that, warning them that the KGB counter to their insane C2i
system was being developed for rescheduling the full strategic attacks.
Later I learned that the little nation - possibly late that year --
ruthlessly and totally destroyed the entire complex within Russia where the
"human operator control" psychoenergetics weapons were developing and
deploying. It remains destroyed to this day.
Toward the end of 1999, for the new Millennium the KGB sought to give us a
very eerie kind of attack, using systems our scientists have absolutely no
knowledge of. It is possible to build a complete functioning "system" of
longitudinal EM waves with their associated time-energy waves. This can be
understood in general relativity or in O(3) higher symmetry electrodynamics.
It does not even appear in the standard U(1) EM model. But I also had
worked out the general concepts for building such weapons. These "robot"
systems (made of causal spacetime curvatures and their dynamics) can
travel
"inside" the LW structure comprising all EM waves, potentials, and fields by
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2320, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Whittaker 1903 and 1904. So they can be introduced directly into the EM of
the power lines, radio stations, command and control communications, etc.
Or they can just go through mass at will, since mass is widely separated
particles, with the vast spaces between being filled with EM potentials,
fields, and waves. So the earth and ocean are just vast superhighways for
such robots.
It is extraordinarily difficult to make the first robot of a given kind.
Thereafter, millions can be made for pennies each. Just insert the robot
inside a normal signal, and record that signal on any medium (which also
records the internal robot perfectly -- "clones" it, if you will). You can
build all system functions - command and control, communications (by LWS),
and by LW interferometry you can build in weapons system capabilities.
The hundreds of puzzling underground facilities that the Russians kept right
on building, at great effort and expense, after their economy collapsed, was
the research and development centers, factories, manning and operating
personnel, and command and control centers for this vast armada of new
strategic forces. That's why our satellites and their analysts could never
figure out what was going on in those facilities.
In latter 1999, they sent in several million of those LW robot systems,
deployed throughout the U.S. Since I was apparently the only person in the
U.S. who would even recognize attack by such a weapon, they also used one
to
strike me right from my computer. They deliberately held it to 10 seconds,
rather than the 30 required for total kill, but I was very hard hit and it
took some days to recover. However, I did recognize what had hit me, as the
KGB knew I would. So I notified the little guys, and they promptly handled
the situation.
Fortunately, those robots were the first models, and had little or no
countermeasures. Imagine the LW "space" inside all matter as a special kind
of atmosphere, and one using a special kind of "LW radar". Without stealth
measures, the first generation robots were as easily detected as if they
were big bombers in the midst of lots of excellent radars. So the little
guys detected them, and destroyed them in place -- INSIDE THE EM FIELDS,
WAVES, AND POTENTIALS ALL ACROSS THE U.S. It was a piece of cake for
1/29/01
CompuServe :
Page 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2135, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the
"little guys". The NEXT generation of those robots will not be such a piece
of cake, because they will have countermeasures including stealth measures.
The "measure versus countermeasure" game is always with us.
They also gave the U.S. a stimulus, to see if our guys had the foggiest
notion of what was up. They sent in some robots into some of our highly
protected government computer systems (piece of cake, the went in "right
inside" all the "protection features"). Then by interferometry they created
some normal EM and functioning in those computers, so our guys would then
detect that. (All they know is normal electromagnetics, so you have to give
them that for them to even detect anything!). They detected it, and also
detected (this was the stimulus) the fact that these "hackers" were
apparently the Russian Academy of Science! Then the robots ceased the
interferometry, whereupon to our guys the "signals all vanished and the
viruses were gone or could not be located". By their reaction, they assured
the Russian KGB that they knew nothing at all about what was coming down.
So had things gone as planned by the KGB, we would have had a Y2K problem
that would curl one's hair! Just about everything in the U.S. that is
electrical and electronic would have failed.
So a major strategic war was fought and won at the last few days of 1999
and
the first few days of 2000, and the entire U.S. scientific and intelligence
communities knew absolutely nothing at all about it.
Note that, during all these things, I was sending information to the Senate
Intelligence committee and the corresponding subcommittee in the House. No
one believed any of it.
I did get back an innocuous message from the "little guys", after the robot
affair, that really said,
"Hey, thanks a bunch! We had missed that one!)
There are some other weapons also in development, of different types, but
this give you the flavor of what has actually been going on for some time.
The U.S. scientific community and intelligence community are hopeless out of
it. They don't even seem aware that the old classical EM theory - put
1/29/01
CompuServe :
Page 9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2283, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
together in 1964-5 - is horribly mangled. They refuse to straighten out
the mess, even though eminent scientists such as Nobelist Feynman and the
great John Wheeler have pointed out that the "field" as defined in classical
EM cannot and does not exist in spacetime.
They also do not realize that we are going to be destroyed by the escalating
energy crisis, which will only get worse. This is deliberately being used
so as to approach economic collapse of the world economies. As their
economies start to crumble (collapse would be about 1998, if other factors
do not intervene and make it sooner), the desperate nations' conflicts will
increase immensely, and they are going to unleash all the weapons of mass
destruction. In short, we are going to get -- about 1997 -- the long-feared
great Armageddon and the destruction of civilization itself.
It doesn't make a damn what they think, or what cushy position they have.
It's happening right under their noses, and all one can see is the "ostrich"
complex.
It's very sad. $50 million will solve the energy crisis for all time. It
will start getting us off the massive use of hydrocarbons. The
cottonpicking scientific community and power industry is so out of it that
they do not even know what powers a circuit. They apparently cannot even
track the energy transductions and dissipations in a battery or a generator.
They are still using basically the same approach to power that was worked
out in the 1880s -- before the discovery of the electron, atom, and nucleus,
when "charge" just meant "piece of electric fluid" like a cubic centimeter,
when the material ether theory assumed there was no such thing as mass-
free
space, when the concept of energy flow through space was just being born,
when the "electron lateral precession" in a wire was not known because the
electron was not known, and scientists thought that their measured electron
lateral precession proved the transverse EM wave in the vacuum (the
plucked
taut string wave assumed by Faraday and maintained by Maxwell).
It's sad and it's pathetic. Yet so powerful is the entrenched dogma, that
the U.S. scientific community will still be doing business as usual when
their own families die from the WMD strikes, and so do they. They will
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1044, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=. +
STILL be smugly sure that "you can't do that!"
Anyway, that gives you just a little bit of the picture. Let me know if you
want a longer summary paper on those weapons and the other kinds involved.
We no longer control our own fate, and we have not controlled it since 1976.
A very unsettling thing is that the Red Chinese have had LWIs for some
decades, and they are also either just getting QP weapons or are very close
to doing so. That is a gravely destabilizing factor that is emerging.
Also, the MidEast Arabs (such as Iraq) are planning a nuclear and WMD war.
Read Lunev's book to see how the Russians easily brought in clandestine
nuclear weapons and placed them in our big population centers. All the U.S.
big centers are already primed for destruction, whenever the goons give the
word and the triggers are pulled.
Also, check my website
glossary
on Causal System Robots (CSRs).
or some information in the
Cheers,
----Original Message-..--
Monday, January 29, 2001 9:17 AM
Subject: Re: Fwd: castaway
1/29/01
CompuServe
Page 11 .
