{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:25:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 907275, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123943-witness-10544-united-states-11-4-97.pdf", "source_sha256": "ce4911ca0e4f8e5ced65671ea13c48fc9cdf30bab0721fa2deb0eab0b94a1d29"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3466, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1Af4
dac
^
wither?
possible
witness
November 04, 1997
Dr. Steven M. Greer, M.D
Dear Dr. Greer,
I recently became aware of Project Starlight. It appears to be an organization with both feet on the ground. I am
interested in communicating with anyone within PSC seeking information on contacts with extraterrestrial
intelligence (ETI). If it is not inconvenient, please pass this letter on to an appropriate person in PSC. I recently
retired from Federal Government service after 32 years in Washington, D. C., and various diplomatic assignments
overseas. At this period in my life I feel comfortable with talking about events in my life that relate to contacts
with extraterrestrial visitors.
Very briefly, my first experience with a UFO was in 1950 in New Mexico when I was just a child. My family was
traveling between Albuquerque and Grants, New Mexico on vacation when I noticed a UFO following our car.
When my father stopped the car so that we all could stare at the object in the sky, it first flew in circles and then
landed near us off in the desert. I had almost forgotten this event until years later when I returned to Washington,
D.C. after 15 years of diplomatic assignments overseas. I was working with the United States Information Agency
(USIA) when I was contacted by ETI one evening during a party at a friend's home.
During that evening I became aware that my friends could not see or hear what I was experiencing with ETI. A
space brother invited me to attend a meeting. When I asked when and where, I was told we would have to depart
immediately but the location was not my concern. I had only a minute to accept or reject the offer. I was told that
if I did not wish to attend the meeting, the entire contact would be removed from my memory. I accepted the offer
and was taken into a craft that most people would label a UFO. The one hour event was traumatic and exciting.
Meanwhile, my unsuspecting Washington host for the evening and my friends were kept in a deep sleep until my
return. None of them to this day are aware of this event or the full hour they lost that night.
I retired carly from my career with USIA to follow the suggestion, repeat, suggestion from ETI to live in the Las
Vegas valley. ETI even suggested which house I should purchase here in Henderson. I know this letter will
probably appear to be the ranting of a crazy man, but I know that if I am ever going to make some use of this
information, I must take some initiative to share my experiences with others. My purpose here in Nevada is still
unclear to me at this time. One contact a month ago produced no information. I assume it was simply to let me
know I was not forgotten after having moved across the country and expecting some direction from ETI. I keep
my own sanity by staying in contact with a friend in London who has been involved with the space brothers for
many years. He is not allowed to offer any public information on this topic at this time. Possibly because his
name is well known world-wide and people would automatically accept his word. At times I even suspect he is one
of the space brothers. I only assume I will not anger my contacts by sharing this information. In any case, I assure
you that I am a very small fish in this network. Nevertheless, I do know that soon the (space brothers), which have
only offered humanity their unselfish service, will make themselves known. When the full story is told, humanity
will rejoice.
Sincerely,
