{"created_utc": "2026-08-16T10:30:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7944288, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123926-tom-bearden-united-states-10.pdf", "source_sha256": "ed15edf03f2678a8264667ffa7fea2f150cb4487226ced035cf5fec4358e7262"}

Page 1 of 15


 CD

  From:


                                 '
                FW: The Deliberate Curtailment of Nikola Tesla's Primary Energy So


For your information.

This is what really has caused the world "energy" crisis. We actually do not have an "energy" crisis per se, at all.
We have an "energy from fuel" crisis because (1) there is a fuel supply "peaking" and tail-off while the world
demand keeps increasing, and (2) we have been falsely led to believe that, other than a little energy from the
wind, water currents, solar radiation etc., we must consume fuel to get the energy.

And the notion of "must consume fuel to get energy" was caused by deliberate action of J. P. Morgan to suppress
Testa in his intention to give the world free energy from the "active medium". Morgan also insured that electrical
engineering — which was just being set up in the various universities etc. — would not teach any "energy from the
active medium" systems, else some future "Testa" would come along and accomplish Tesla's original intent.

So he arranged for        o "fix" the Heaviside equations in 1892, symmetrizing them to discard all
asymmetrical Maxwellian systems. That discarded group of asymmetrical systems contains all those that could
take excess EM energy from the active vacuum (active medium) and asymmetrically use it to power the loads
freely.

When Heaviside discovered the giant Heaviside curled EM energy flow component that — unknown to our present
physicists and electrical engineers — accompanies every Poynting component, Morgan again impressed Lorentz
into service to "fix the problem" and eliminate that giant energy flow component from the theory.

For more than a century, these deliberate "fixes" that have so muzzled all our electrical engineers, and that have
directly caused the deaths of hundreds of millions of impoverished people and have directly caused the escalating
and serious world "energy from fuel" crisis have been a special kind of "prison cell" in which all humanity has been
firmly imprisoned.

So once            the "fix" was in, then electrical engineering itself became the ever-expanding tool that has
directly produced, assured, and maintained the silly "energy only from fuel primarily" idea that still grips our entire
scientific community and our electrical engineering community in an iron vise.

Hopefully this effort by                and I will finally set the record straight on exactly how the dirty work was
done, and why. We have referenced the actual curtailment and "fixes" that Lorentz generated and implemented.
Hopefully this information will result in some of our scientists picking up the ball and "undoing the Lorentz fixes" —
and getting that sad old electrical engineering model corrected and sharply upgraded.

My next effort hopefully will be to lay out what is actually needed in the struggling "energy from the vacuum"
overunity field, and get it to some of the leaders of the new energy movement and development community.

Best wishes,
Tom


htt ://peswiki.com/index.php/Site:LRP:The_Deliberate_Curtailment_of Nikola_Tesla's_Primary_Energ:


6/28/2007
                                                                                                   Page 2 of 15


Site:LRP:The Deliberate Curtailment of Nikola
Tesla's Primary Energy Source
From PESWiki

by


Tesla stated in precise language that it was possible to collect vast amounts of energy directly from the
vacuum: "Ere many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power obtainable at any point
in the universe. This idea is not novel... We find it in the delightful myth of Antheus, who derives power
from the earth; we find it among the subtle speculations of one of your splendid
mathematicians...Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy static or kinetic? If static our hopes
are in vain; if kinetic — and this we know it is, for certain — then it is a mere question of time when men
will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of nature." [Nikola Tesla, in a speech in
New York to the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, 1891. Quoted from back cover of his
biography, Margaret Cheney, Tesla: Man Out of Time].

Again, Tesla, in a reiteration, during an address in 1897 commemorating his installation of generators at
Niagara Falls, stated: "We have to evolve means for obtaining energy from stores which are forever
inexhaustible, to perfect methods which do not imply consumption and waste of any material whatever.
I now feel sure that the realization of that idea is not far off. ...the possibilities of the development I refer
to, namely, that of the operation of engines on any point of the earth by the energy of the
medium..." [Nikola Tesla, during an address in 1897 commemorating his installation of generators at
Niagara Falls.].

And once again, in more definitive language ultimately stated: "Whatever our resources of primary
energy may be in the future, we must, to be rational, obtain it without consumption of any
material." [Nikola Tesla, 1900].

For the uninitiated, Nikola Tesla, built and created, what many considered impossible, deriding him with
ridicule, and a battle royal, known as the `war of the currents.' He single-handedly, changed forever the
myopic stupidity and lethargy of our former inventors and bankers, who refused to finance and fund his
proposals, due to their prior investment in similar `novelty of fact' discovery. Tesla, forever reshaped the
`modern age,' splitting the past from essentially the `horse and buggy' era, giving us a world of `motors'
and `electrification' unparalleled in human history.

To be crystal clear on this subject: Only one man accomplished this, in the history of the United States,
Nikola Tesla, who with the support and aid of his benefactor, George Westinghouse, designed, built and
ultimately installed the first hydro-electro power station based on alternating current, demonstrating that
it was possible to light-up the entire United States (and ultimately, the entire planet) via this method.
Tesla single-handedly established our `modern' age.

T               and I, together in a collaborative work, have provided a significant revelation regarding
not just the suppression of Nikola Tesla, but the suppression of an energy system second to none, and it
is this type of suppression, that is hindering the productive and resourceful freedom of the entire planet.


6/28/2007
                                                                                              Page 3 of 15


The Deliberate Discard of Asymmetric Maxwellian Systems
Thus Preventing COP>1.0 and Self-Powering
Energy-from-the-Vacuum Systems
©               and
21 June 2007

Foreword

This is the background of how the present electrical engineering model (and practice) was severely
curtailed to exclude COP>1.0 electrical power systems taking their excess EM energy directly from their
interaction with the active medium (the active vacuun/spacetime). The ruthless suppression of Nikola
Tesla also set the stage for the major cartels continuing to suppress subsequent overunity inventors from
the 1890s to the present day.

Introduction

Maxwell died in 1879 of stomach cancer, and at the time his own theory had not been accepted very
much at all. Immediately the vectorists — notably Heaviside, Gibbs, and Hertz — began emasculating
Maxwell's 20 quaternion-like equations in 20 unknowns, into the present highly simplified vector
algebra of much lower group symmetry. (Quatemions also have a much higher group symmetry than
tensors, for those who believe tensors are the answer). This occurred in the 1880s and 1890s.
Heaviside's equations were tentatively selected as the basis for the new electrical engineering, just being
created and being slowly placed into our universities.

To see a glimpse of what can be done in quaternion EM, see                     "Tesla's Nonlinear
Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit (OSC) Theory," Annales de la Fondation Louis de Broglie, 16(1), 1991, p. 23-
41. Barrett — one of the cofounders of ultrawideband radar — shows that EM expressed in quaternions
allows shuttling and storage of potentials in circuits, and also allows additional EM functioning of a
circuit that a conventional EM analysis cannot reveal. He shows that Tesla's patented circuits did
exactly this sort of deliberate "shuttling" and control of the potential energy, quite contrary to what is
thought possible in our present regular circuits and theory.

Barrett was so impressed by the novelty of Tesla's discoveries in this respect, that he extended Tesla's
methods and obtained two patents of his own — on processes still used in various special
communications systems. [See Terence W. Barrett, "Active Signalling Systems," U.S. Patent No.
5,486,833, Jan. 23, 1996. A signaling system in time-frequency space for detecting targets in the
presence of clutter and for penetrating media. 14 U.S. patents cited. 22 claims, 37 drawing sheets. See
also Terence W. Barrett, "Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit (OSC) Networks for Conditioning Energy in
Higher-Order Symmetry Algebraic Topological Forms and RF Phase Conjugation," U.S. Patent No.
5,493,691. Feb. 20, 1996.].

About nine years or so after Maxwell's death, Hertz performed some experiments which proved the
speed of light in vacuum was essentially as predicted by Maxwell. That started the gradual acceptance of
Maxwell's theory (i.e., particularly of the new highly truncated version of it).

Meanwhile, Nikola Tesla — the most important electrical scientist at the time — had discovered that the
"medium" was active and that EM energy could be freely extracted directly from the active medium
itself. He was hell-bent on doing just that and freely giving it to humanity.


6/28/2007
                                                                                              Page 4 of 15


J. P. Morgan and Thomas Edison were associates, and Morgan was backing Edison. The two later took
Edison's electric company component and formed General Electric Company from it.

The purpose of this paper is to reveal the iron suppression of Tesla and his dream of giving the world
free electrical energy extracted directly from the active medium (the active vacuum/spacetime itself).
The electrical engineering model taught and studied in all our universities, beginning in the 1890s, was
also ruthlessly curtailed to cast out all asymmetric Maxwellian systems and to also discard Heaviside's
odd and nearly incredible giant curled EM energy flow component actually accompanying every far
more feeble Poynting energy flow in every EM system or circuit. Following the decimation of Tesla
around the turn of the century, similar tactics have continued against follow-on inventors who
discovered overunity systems and attempted to complete them and bring them to market. The
suppression continues to this day, as can be attested by several living overunity inventors and inventor
groups. For more than a century there has indeed been a giant, unwritten conspiracy of some of the most
powerful cartels on earth, to continue the curtailment of the electrical engineering model and practice,
and to continue to suppress overunity inventions and inventors.

Morgan Recognizes Tesla As a Mortal Enemy

Backed by Westinghouse, in the "electricity wars" Tesla had essentially annihilated J. P. Morgan and
Edison on Edison's intended DC electrical power cartel (a DC power plant every 2 miles!) by winning
the contract for electrification of Niagara Falls and by installing the much more practical and much
cheaper Tesla AC power system. Morgan, who was determinedly building up a giant financial empire,
was also a very ruthless man who brooked no opposition. Morgan was funding Edison, and — after the
destruction of their intended DC power empire by Tesla — Morgan recognized Tesla as a dangerous arch
foe, and he was determined to destroy Tesla completely and remove him as a threat. He also realized
that, if Tesla were permitted to give the world free EM energy extracted from the active medium and
needing no fuel consumption, then much of Morgan's own ambitions (which included future forays into
the emerging giant fuel industry) would be totally thwarted. So Tesla had to go, and he had to go
completely.

Economic Paralysis of Westinghouse

Westinghouse — a decent man who had liked Tesla and backed him when Tesla was using a pick and
shovel to dig ditches to pay for his daily food — then fell on bad times, and was headed for bankruptcy.
He had signed a contract with Tesla to pay Tesla very nice royalties on the AC power systems, and this
represented several hundred millions of dollars. Westinghouse affirmed to Tesla that, even though he
went bankrupt, he would pay Tesla as long as he, Westinghouse, had a dollar.

Tesla deeply appreciated Westinghouse's warm friendship and Westinghouse backing him when no one
else would. In a remarkable gesture of profound gratitude, Tesla simply tore up the contract, freeing
Westinghouse and saving him from total financial ruin. But fmancially Westinghouse was unable to
further fund large projects. This put Tesla right where Morgan wanted him.

How Morgan Trapped Tesla and Destroyed Him

Accordingly, to finance his dream of capturing free electrical energy from the active medium (from the
vacuum/spacetime), Tesla had to turn to Morgan for financing. Morgan cynically agreed to finance
Tesla (and the free energy project), but only after Tesla agreed to sign over 51% controlling interest in
all his (Tesla's) inventions. Tesla signed the agreement, and Morgan gave him about half of the money
needed for the project at Long Island.


6/28/2007
                                                                                                 Page 5 of 15


But Morgan had put Tesla in an iron trap from which there was no escape. He now controlled all Tesla's
inventions and their use, so he had Tesla paralyzed in that respect. And then later he simply refused to
give Tesla the rest of the money needed to finish the project.

Consequently Tesla was halted. He declined financially and went totally bankrupt. He became totally
destitute, reduced to living in a hotel room on the good graces of the hotel and a small patron or two. He
never recovered from this absolute destitution until his death in 1943.

Thus Morgan totally crushed Tesla with an iron hand, thereby permanently removing Tesla as an
unacceptable threat to Morgan's empire and removing Tesla's threat of producing and giving away free
energy from the active medium.

All the above is well-known. But there is another part of the story that has escaped recognition. And that
strange part of Morgan's actions has profoundly affected all humanity and this entire planet and
biosphere for more than a century.

The Rest of the Story

Morgan was not only ruthless but extremely thorough.

When the "new" Heaviside equations were tentatively accepted as the new "Maxwell's theory" to be
taught in the electrical engineering just beginning to be set up in some universities etc., Morgan also
directed his close scientific advisors to assure that this new "electrical theory" was harmless and did not
contain or teach any of Tesla's "energy freely from the active medium" systems. In other words, not
only was it essential to suppress the present Tesla, but it was essential to suppress all the future "Teslas".

At the time, scientists did not have scientific jobs waiting all over, as they do today. A scientist at the
university was not really too well paid, and a really good scientist would often seek and obtain a job as a
consultant to one of the rising industrialists such as Morgan. Indeed, Edison's 1JK group already had an
electrical scientist consultant of the highest caliber — Dr. John Ambrose Fleming in England. Fleming
became consultant to the Edison group in 1881 and continued as such for 10 years. Fleming was an
honorable and ethical man, and of course would not personally engage in skullduggery.

But all Morgan/Edison had to do was assign a sufficiently good scientist of their own to have a personal
conversation with Fleming, since Fleming had studied directly and extensively under Maxwell himself.
Fleming was thoroughly familiar with the characteristics of Maxwell's theory, and he was also
thoroughly familiar with Heaviside's emasculated vector algebra subset. The conversation would just be
a group theory conversation, pleasant but adroit, and it would draw out from Fleming (who was of
highest character and ethics) the exact technical characteristics of the Heaviside model — particularly
with respect.to any potential EM system taking excess free energy from a hypothetical active medium.

Modem group theory was founded by the brilliant teenager Evariste Galois, whose work was later
published and developed after Galois' unfortunate quick death on May 31, 1832 from being fatally
wounded in a duel the previous day. The brilliant but erratic Galois was only 20 years old when he
perished. But later his work was to profoundly affect mathematics, electrodynamics, physics, and all
other sciences.

In April of 1830, Galois (1811-1832), a student at the Ecole Normale, had published "An Analysis of a
Memoir on the Algebraic Resolution of Equations" in the Bulletin de Ferussac. In June, he published
"Notes on the Resolution of Numerical Equations" and "On the Theory of Numbers." These and a later


6/28/2007
                                                                                               Page 6 of 15


memoir make up what is now called Galois theory.

Galois's manuscripts written just before his death in a duel, with added annotations by Joseph Liouville,
were published in 1846 in the Journal de Mathematiques Pures et Appliquees. In 1870, with the
publication of Camille Jordan's Traite des Substitutions, group theory became a fully established and
very important part of mathematics and science.

So in 1881, Fleming most certainly would have been well aware and conversant in group theory and the
group symmetry of a given algebra, and thus of the characteristics of the systems that were included in a
given algebraic model. The necessary knowledge to assess the Heaviside vector equations was already
there when Morgan's need (to suppress Nikola Tesla and to render the reduced Heaviside equations
harmless) became paramount in the late 1880s.

The news about the group symmetry characteristics of Heaviside's equations was not good. Those
Heaviside vector equations still included some of Maxwell's asymmetrical systems. And any EM
system that freely receives energy from its active environment, and uses it to freely power its loads, is an
asymmetrical Maxwellian system a priori. Hence engineers who were taught such a theory would be
able to eventually design and build some of Tesla's "free EM energy from the active medium" systems.

Morgan's response would have been short and direct: "Fix it!"

Obviously the fix was to simply remove the remaining asymmetry of the Heaviside model's equations.
It is not too hard a job to convince mathematicians to change asymmetry anyway, since they tend to
worship "the beauty of symmetry" and asymmetry is considered "vulgar".

Lorentz's Symmetrization of the Heaviside Equations

H. A. Lorentz was the man who was elicited to do the necessary "symmetrization" with ease, thereby
accomplishing exactly what Morgan decreed to his own advisors that must be done: Get rid of those
Tesla systems capable of taking and freely using EM energy from the active medium. H. A. Lorentz
(with the "t") simply lifted and used what L. V. Lorenz (without the "t") had already done.

For the deliberate "fixing" of the already sharply curtailed Heaviside equations, see H. A. Lorentz, "La
Theorie electromagnetique de Maxwell et son application aux corps mouvants," [The Electromagnetic
Theory of Maxwell and its application to moving bodies], Arch. Neerl. Sci., Vol. 25, 1892, p. 363-552.
[Also in H. A. Lorentz, Collected Papers, The Hague: Martinus Nijhoff, vol. 2, pp. 168-238, esp. p.
168.] This is the work that Lorentz cites later (in 1895) for his proof of the symmetrical regauging
theorems (the two equations of symmetrical regauging).

This is the "symmetrization" (at the direction of J. P. Morgan) of the Heaviside equations that arbitrarily
discarded all remaining asymmetrical Maxwellian systems — thus discarding all systems that receive
excess EM energy freely from the "active medium" (active vacuum) and could use this free energy to
power loads and themselves. With this "fix", Morgan was assured that Tesla's discovery of the active
medium — and that EM energy could be extracted from it — would never be taught.

Electrical engineering was just beginning to be formed and started in those days, and so almost from its
inception electrical engineering has used these "fixed" Heaviside equations (erroneously calling the
resulting crippled model "Maxwell's theory" which was and is a blatant falsity). Hence our electrical
engineers — almost from the beginning — have thought, designed, built, and deployed only that subset of
Maxwellian systems that self-destroy any use of excess energy from the vacuum, hence self-preventing


6/28/2007
                                                                                                  Page 8 of 15


the dirty work, see H. A. Lorentz, Vorlesungen caber Theoretische Physik an der Universitat Leiden, Vol.
V, Die Maxwellsche Theorie (1900-1902), Akademische Verlagsgesellschaft M.B.H., Leipzig, 1931,
"Die Energie im elektromagnetischen Feld," p. 179-186. Figure 25 on p. 185 shows the Lorentz concept
of integrating the Poynting vector around a closed cylindrical surface surrounding a volumetric element.
This is the procedure which arbitrarily selects only a small diverged component of the energy flow
associated with a circuit—specifically, the small Poynting component being diverged into the circuit to
power it—and then treats that tiny component as the "entire" energy flow. Thereby Lorentz arbitrarily
discarded all the extra huge Heaviside curled energy transport component which is usually not diverged
into the circuit conductors at all, does not interact with anything locally, and is just wasted.]

Justification for Removal of the Giant Heaviside Curled Energy Flow Component

To justify getting rid of the giant curled (and usually nondiverged) Heaviside energy flow component,
Lorentz smoothly and slyly stated that "it does nothing and so it has no physical significance." And that
same smooth statement is used by our scientific community to this day to justify the emasculation of the
actual energy flow vector and louse only the feeble Poynting component of it. E.g., quoting Jackson:

"...the Poynting vector is arbitrary to the extent that the curl of any vector field can be added to it. Such
an added term can, however, have no physical consequences. Hence it is customary to make the specific
choice ..." [J. D. Jackson, Classical Electrodynamics, Second Edition, Wiley, 1975, p. 237].

Jackson's statement (as is Lorentz's statement) is correct only in a special relativistic situation, where
vector analysis holds and the divergence of the curl is zero. However, if we deliberately introduce a
general relativistic (GR) situation or subset, with synchronization of the output of that GR section and
the input of the special relativistic section, then vector analysis fails and the divergence of the curl is not
necessarily zero at all. So Jackson's statement is correct only part of the time (which is usually most of
the time since with rare exceptions most electrical power situations are special relativity situations!

Indeed, Jackson's statement (and Lorentz's little closed surface integration trick) can be deliberately
violated at will, and it has been so violated since 1967 by the NRAM (negative resonance absorption of
the medium) process in optical physics. We leave analysis of that process and where the excess energy
comes from and how, for another day and paper. [See Thomas E. Bearden and Kenneth D. Moore,
"Increasing the Coefficient of Performance of Electromagnetic Power Systems by Extracting and Using
Excess EM Energy from the Heaviside Energy Flow Component". This is a Provisional Patent
Application, filed and obtained in Oct. 2005. It is now released into public domain and freely given
away to the public domain. It is available at f 1] (http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/PPA%
201ncreasing%20COP%20by%20addnl%20extractn%20fr0m%20iow1a.DOC) .].

Suffice it to say that NRAM optical physicists every year regularly perform true COP =18 optimized
experiments, without understanding the true source of the excess energy received from the active
vacuum environment. To get their papers published, they are not allowed to use the term "excess
emission" (they must use the mind-numbing term "negative absorption"). They are also not allowed to
discuss the thermodynamics of the process (which when optimized in the IR or UV gives COP = 18),
but can only point out the "increase in the reaction cross section" because of the self-resonance of the
charged particles of the absorbing medium as compared to more normal static charged particles in a
static absorbing medium.

Thus our electrical engineers and scientists today are totally unaware that every generator already pours
out more than a trillion times as much EM energy flow from the vacuum, as is in the mechanical energy
flow we input to the generator shaft. This even though in our leading universities our own NRAM


6/28/2007
                                                                                               Page 7 of 15


having COP>1.0 and self-powering EM systems taking their excess input energy directly from the active
vacuum.

It also prevented electrical engineers from realizing how their circuits are actually powered, and where
the energy actually comes from. It does not come from cranking the shaft of the generator! For a clear
expose of how a symmetrical electrical power circuit and system kills its own source, and also to see
what actually powers the external circuit in a generator-powered system, see "Figure 2. Operation of a
Symmetrical Electrical Power System," in T. E. Bearden, "Engineering the Active Vacuum: On the
Asymmetrical Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Magnetic Vector Potential A vs. Magnetic Field B,"
available at link http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On%20the%20Aharonov-Bohm%20Effectl.doc.

For an excellent paper adroitly pointing out Lorentz's propensity for using other people's work but
taking or receiving credit for it himself, see J. D. Jackson and L. B. Okun, "Historical roots of gauge
invariance," Reviews of Modern Physics, Vol. 73, July 2001, p. 663-680.

For the         symmetrical regauging as used by our present electrical engineers and classical
electrodynamicists, see J. D. Jackson, Classical Electrodynamics, Third Edition, Wiley, 1999. For the
vacuum, Maxwell's (Heaviside's) equations reduce to two coupled equations, shown as equations 6.10
and 6/11 on p. 246. The Lorentz regauging condition is applied by Jackson on p. 240, resulting in two
inhomogeneous wave equations given as equations 6.15 and 6.16. The Lorentz condition is given in
equation 6.14 on p. 240.

Elimination of Heaviside's Giant Curled EM Energy Flow Component

        also was apparently impressed a second time, in 1900, to further reduce the already seriously
reduced symmetrized Heaviside equations, in order to specifically eliminate the newly discovered giant
Heaviside curled EM energy flow that — unknown to our present electrical engineers — accompanies
every Poynting energy flow component (which is diverged into the circuit to power it), but is itself (the
curled component) not diverged and thus is just wasted because it normally does not interact. The giant
Heaviside curled EM energy flow component is more than a trillion times greater in magnitude than the
accounted Poynting diverged EM energy flow component. Thus the Poynting energy flow theory in our
present electrical engineering textbooks and curricula is only a pale shadow of the actual energy flowing
in conjunction with an electrical system or circuit.

In Morgan's view, it would simply not do to have all the future electrical engineers taught (and
understand) that every generator already pours out more than a trillion times as much EM energy output
as the mechanical shaft energy input we crank into the generator shaft! If they were to all know this,
then inevitably some very sharp young doctoral candidates or post does would figure out how to freely
tap some of that available giant Heaviside curled energy flow component. And they would extract some
of that giant energy flow and freely use it, thereby ushering in Tesla's "free EM energy from the active
medium" after all.

Here again, Morgan would simply have ordered the problem "fixed".

And again, Lorentz "fixed it" for him very easily, by introducing the standard little surface integral trick
that retains the diverged small component (the Poynting component) but discards the huge nondiverged
curled component. In other words, Lorentz altered the actually-used energy flow vector by throwing
away that giant Heaviside component quite arbitrarily. Thus the Heaviside giant curled EM energy flow
component is no longer accounted or even recognized in electrical engineering, but it still physically
accompanies every accounted Poynting energy flow component in every EM system or circuit. [To see


6/28/2007
                                                                                                    Page 9 of 15


optical physicists continue to experimentally prove it, without understanding where the excess EM
energy comes from.

This second "fix" by Lorentz then finished Morgan's suppression of the "new electrical engineering
science" so that it would not contain asymmetrical Maxwellian systems nor would it contain Heaviside's
giant curled EM energy flow component.

With these changes, Morgan (using Lorentz's services) deliberately crippled electrical engineering and
electrical power systems for more than 100 years, and guaranteed that COP>1.0 and self-powering
Maxwellian systems — permitted by nature and Maxwell's original theory — would not be built by our
electrical power engineers.

Tesla's Statements Showing His Intention

To show Tesla's intent to give the world cheap clean energy extracted freely from the, active medium,
here are some appropriate Tesla quotations:

"Electric power is everywhere present in unlimited quantities and can drive the world's machinery
without the need of coal, oil, gas, or any other of the common fuels." [Nikola Tesla].

"Ere many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power obtainable at any point in the
universe. This idea is not novel... We find it in the delightful myth of Antheus, who derives power from
the earth; we find it among the subtle speculations of one of your splendid mathematicians...Tbroughout
space there is energy. Is this energy static or kinetic? If static our hopes are in vain; if kinetic — and this
we know it is, for certain — then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their
machinery to the very wheelwork of nature." [Nikola Tesla, in a speech in New York to the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers, 1891. Quoted from his biography, Margaret Cheney, Tesla: Man Out of
Time].

"We have to evolve means for obtaining energy from stores which are forever inexhaustible, to perfect
methods which do not imply consumption and waste of any material whatever. I now feel sure that the
realization of that idea is not far off. ...the possibilities of the development I refer to, namely, that of the
operation of engines on any point of the earth by the energy of the medium..." [Nikola Tesla, during an
address in 1897 commemorating his installation of generators at Niagara Falls.].

"Whatever our resources of primary energy may be in the future, we must, to be rational, obtain it
without consumption of any material." [Nikola Tesla, 1900].

Deciphering Energy Flow

   only the entire surface integral of N [their notation for the Poynting vector] contributes to the energy
balance. Paradoxical results may be obtained if one tries to identify the Poynting vector with the energy
flow per unit area at any point." [Wolfgang Panofsky and Melba Phillips, Classical Electricity and
Magnetism, Second Edition, Addison-Wesley, Menlo Park, CA, 1962, third printing 1969, p180].


"It is possible to introduce the Poynting vector S. defined by S = ExH, and regard it as the intensity of
energy flow at a point. This procedure is open to criticism since we could add to S any vector whose
divergence is zero without affecting [the basic integration procedure's result]." ... "...fortunately, we are


6/28/2007
                                                                                               Page 10 of 15


rarely concerned with the energy flow at a point. In most applications we need the rate at which energy
is crossing a closed surface." p.S. Jones, The Theory of Electromagnetism, Pergamon Press, Oxford,
1964, p. 52, 53.].


"It is important to realize that in physics today, we have no knowledge of what energy is." [Richard P.
Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, and Matthew Sands, The Feynman Lectures on Physics, Addison-
Wesley, Reading, MA, Vol. 1, 1964, p. 4-2].


In the hard physics literature, rigorous proof that eliminating the arbitrary Lorentz symmetry condition
provides systems having free additional energy currents from the vacuum is given by M. W. Evans, P.
K. Anastasovsld, T. E. Bearden et al., "Classical Electrodynamics without the Lorentz Condition:
Extracting Energy from the Vacuum," Physica Scripta, Vol. 61, 2000, p..513-517. Quoting from p. 513:


"It is shown that if the Lorentz condition is discarded, the Maxwell-Heaviside field equations become
the Lehnert equations, indicating the presence of charge density and current density in the vacuum. The
Lehnert equations are a subset of the O(3) Yang-Mills field equations. Charge and current density in the
vacuum are defined straightforwardly ih terms of the vector potential and scalar potential, and are
conceptually similar to Maxwell's displacement current, which also occurs in the classical vacuum. A
demonstration is made of the existence of a time dependent classical vacuum polarization which appears
if the Lorentz condition is discarded. Vacuum charge and current appear phenomenologically in the
Lehnert equations but fundamentally in the O(3) Yang-Mills theory of classical electrodynamics. The
latter also allows for the possibility of the existence of vacuum topological magnetic charge density and
topological magnetic current density. Both O(3) and Lehnert equations are superior to the Maxwell-
Heaviside equations in being able to describe phenomena not amenable to the latter. In theory, devices
can be made to extract the energy associated with vacuum charge and current."


One of the authors has remarked:


"This has led to one of the greatest ironies in history: All the hydrocarbons ever burned, all the steam
turbines that ever turned the shaft of a generator, all the rivers ever dammed, all the nuclear fuel rods
ever consumed, all the windmills and waterwheels, all the solar cells, and all the chemistry in all the
batteries ever produced, have not directly delivered a single watt into the external circuit's load. All that
incredible fuel consumption and energy extracted from the environment has only been used to
continually restore the source dipole that our own closed current loop circuits are deliberately designed
to destroy faster than the load is powered." [Thomas E. Bearden, "Extracting and Using Electromagnetic
Energy from the Active Vacuum," Modem Nonlinear Optics, Part 2. Second Edition, Advances in
Chemical Physics, Volume 119,.Edited by Myron W. Evans. Series Editors I. Prigogine and Stuart A.
Rice, John Wiley and Sons, 2001, p. 691-192].


6/28/2007
                                                                                               Page 11 of 15


"...[There is] .. an often-overlooked feature inherent in the law that energy can neither be created nor
destroyed. Rigorously, work is defined as changing the form of energy. When one joule of energy
performs one joule of work, one joule of energy still remains, but in an altered form. If that remaining
joule of energy has its form changed yet again, another joule of work has been done. And soon." [M.
W. Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T. E. Bearden et al., "Classical Electrodynamics without the Lorentz
Condition: Extracting Energy from the Vacuum," Physica Scripta, Vol. 61,2000,p. 515-516].


The Result Is the Horribly Crippled CEM/EE Model We Have and Use Today

As can be seen, from Morgan's personal view that Tesla and the new Heaviside theory were
unacceptable threats to his rising great fmancial empire, the ruthless Morgan felt fully justified in having
the EE theory "fixed" and crippled, to permanently eliminate all asymmetrical Maxwellian systems from
the Heaviside theory, and later also to eliminate Heaviside's own giant curled EM energy flow
component as well. In this way, Morgan directly assured the removal of self-powering and COP>1.0
asymmetrical electrical systems receiving and using excess free energy from the vacuum.

Regarding Tesla as his mortal enemy, Morgan also felt fully justified in shackling and then figuratively
"imprisoning" Tesla financially for the rest of his life, totally destroying Tesla from any further open
research and development that would ever again challenge Morgan's escalating empire and huge cartels.

Interestingly, Heaviside also wound up being a near-total hermit, living in a little garret apartment.

So eerily, more than a century ago and along with its very birthing, our "modem" classical
electrodynamics and electrical engineering science was deliberately mutilated and crippled, specifically
so that COP>l.0 and self-powering electrical systems — asymmetrically powering loads extracted from
"free EM wind energy flows" from the vacuum/space itself— would never be known or developed by
our electrical engineers.

Since then, hundreds of thousands of EEs have been graduated worldwide. Electrical engineering (with
its deliberately crippled CEM/EE model) has become a giant part of our science, technology, culture,
and society. Everything — from our electric lights to our refrigerators and heat pumps, radios and
television sets, auto ignitions, lights and power for our cities, etc. — is now using this horribly
emasculated CEM/EE model. It has directly prevented struggling nations having no oil or gas resources
from achieving a modem economy (which is based on cheap energy). This has left those nations
impoverished, with their peoples starving and miserable and disease-wracked. Hundreds of millions of
deaths from starvation and disease have resulted worldwide. It has "welded into our minds and our very
brains" the mistaken notion that — other than a wee bit of wind power, water power, solar power, etc. —
we can only have "energy from consumption of fuel".

So we have Morgan's ruthlessness, and the present totally inexcusable lack of insight by our own
scientists and engineers (and particularly our scientific leadership) — to thank for the present escalating
"world energy crisis" and its resulting world-wide, environmental, and epochal consequences.

What Must Be Done

The straightforward answer, of course, is that our scientists need to rapidly correct and update that
horribly flawed CEM/EE model (and the entire electrical engineering technology and science being
taught in all universities worldwide) that Morgan deliberately shaped us into. We must firmly remove


6/28/2007
                                                                                                Page 12 of 15


Morgan's dead iron boot from the back of everyone's neck, reintroduce Maxwell's actual higher group
symmetry EM theory (updated as necessary), and restore and accomplish Tesla's dream of providing the
world cheap, clean EM energy directly from the seething vacuum/spacetime.

If "energy from fuel consumption" is the problem because fuel supply is tapering off while demand is
increasing, then "energy without fuel consumption" is the solution. Windmills, solar arrays, and
hydroelectric systems can give some relief, but they are only a drop in the bucket. The only complete
and final solution (and one that is cheap, clean, and quick) is to shift our main interest to "energy from
the vacuum".

Quantum field theory already tells us that we simply cannot separate the charge from its ongoing fierce
virtual particle interaction with the vacuum. Quoting Aitchison:

"...the concept of a'single particle' actually breaks down in relativistic quantum field theory with
interactions, because the interactions between 'the particle' and the vacuum fluctuations (or virtual
quanta) cannot be ignored." [I. I R. Aitchison, "Nothing's Plenty: The Vacuum in Modem Quantum
Field Theory," Contemporary Physics, 26(4), 1985, p. 357.].

Indeed, in modem physics that vacuum interaction generates all forces in nature. Again quoting
Aitchison:

"Forces, in quantum field theory, are understood as being due to the exchange of virtual quanta..." [Ibid.,
p. 372].

Every charge in the universe already totally violates both the second law of equilibrium thermodynamics
and the sad old electrical engineering model. From its very formation, the charge simply sits there and
unceasingly pouts out real photons —real, usable, observable EM energy — in all directions at light
speed. This process forms the so-called "static" EM fields associated with that source charge; the
"static" fields are not static at all, but are nonequilibrum steady state (NESS) thermodynamic systems
associated with that charge.

Quoting Van Flandern on the question of a static field actually being made of finer parts in continuous
motion:

"To retain causality, we must distinguish two distinct meanings of the term `static'. One meaning is
unchanging in the sense of no moving parts. The other meaning is sameness from moment to moment by
continual replacement of all moving parts. We can visualize this difference by thinking of a waterfall. A
frozen waterfall is static in the first sense, and a flowing waterfall is static in the second sense. Both are
essentially the same at every moment, yet the latter has moving parts capable of transferring momentum,
and is made of entities that propagate. ...So are ... fields for a rigid, stationary source frozen, or are they
continually regenerated? Causality seems to require the latter." [Tom Van Flandern, "The speed of
gravity — What the experiments say," Physics Letters A, Vol. 250, Dec. 21, 1998, p. 8-9].

We Must Also Recognize the Source Charge Problem and Its Solution

Every charge is continually extracting the necessary input virtual state energy to support its steady
emission of observable energy, from its seething virtual particle reaction with the vacuum. This is done
without any observable energy input to the charge! Quoting Sen:

"The connection between the field and its source has always been and still is the most difficult problem


6/28/2007
                                                                                              Page 13 of 15


in classical and quantum electrodynamics." [D. K. Sen, Fields and/or Particles, Academic Press, London
and New York, 1968, p. viii].

Quoting Kosyakov:

"A generally acceptable, rigorous definition of radiation has not as yet been formulated." .... "The
recurring question has been: Why is it that an electric charge radiates but does not absorb light waves
despite the fact that the Maxwell equations are invariant under time reversal?" [B. P. Kosyakov,
"Radiation in electrodynamics and in Yang-Mills theory," Soviet Phys. Usp., 35(2), Feb. 1992, p. 135,
141].

So there is no "energy" crisis at all, and there never has been! Every charge and dipole in the universe
continually pours out real, usable, EM energy, and the original charges of the universe have been doing
it for 15 or so billion years, since the formation of the universe. They will freely continue another 15
billion years if the universe lasts that long.

Instead of an "energy" crisis, we have an "energy from fuel" crisis because there is a fmite supply of
fuel and it is "topping off' and declining in availability, while the demand for energy is escalating. And
since we erroneously insist that we can only have "energy from fuel" primarily, then we have an
escalating "energy from fuel" crisis because we have an escalating fuel crisis.

Again, the solution obviously is "energy without fuel". And one must use energy from a part of the
external environment that is 100% dependable, never ceasing or faltering, and available at every point in
the universe. Energy from the vacuum is indeed that solution.

Because of its peculiar continual interaction with the active vacuum, one cannot regard a solitary charge
as a "very small" thing having (access to) only a very small energy. Indeed, the charge polarizes its
surrounding virtual state vacuum with charge of opposite sign. So the "charge" must be modeled as two
infmite and opposite charges, each having infinite energy. Our instruments, peering through the giant
external screening charge at the "bare charge" inside, sees only the finite difference of these two infinite
charges. And that difference is the value of the classical charge printed in the electrical engineering
textbooks. Quoting Nobelist Weinberg:

"[The total energy of the atom] depends on the bare mass and bare charge of the electron, the mass and
charge that appear in the equations of the theory before we start worrying about photon emissions and
reabsorptions. But free electrons as well as electrons in atoms are always emitting and reabsorbing
photons that affect the electron's mass and electric charge, and so the bare mass and charge are not the
same as the measured electron mass and charge that are listed in tables of elementary particles. In fact,
in order to account for the observed values (which of course are finite) of the mass and charge of the
electron, the bare mass and charge must themselves be infinite. The total energy of the atom is thus the
sum of two terms, both infinite: the bare energy that is infinite because it depends on the infinite bare
mass and charge, and the energy shift ... that is infinite because it receives contributions from virtual
photons of unlimited energy." [Steven Weinberg, Dreams of a Final Theory, Vintage Books, Random
House, 1993, p. 109-110.].

We can easily show the production of a steady and unending stream of real, usable EM energy from the
vacuum, at will. Simply lay an electret or charged capacitor on a permanent magnet, so that the E-field
of the electrical component and the H-field of the magnet are orthogonal. Then even according to the
standard BE textbooks and their Poynting energy flow theory, that silly gadget will sit there and freely
and continuously pour out a real Poynting EM energy flow S, given by the simple equation S = E X H.


6!2812007
                                                                                             Page 14 of 15


So we can produce all the "free EM energy winds from the vacuum" that we wish. Easily, cheaply, and
cleanly. Anywhere, anytime.

The only problem then is to learn how to build an asymmetric "EM windmill" that intercepts and
collects some of that steadily flowing energy, and then dissipates it in the external loads without
dissipating half of it back in the "free energy flow gadget" to destroy it.

Again, In the hard physics literature, rigorous proof that eliminating the arbitrary Lorentz condition
provides systems having usable free additional energy currents from the vacuum is given by M. W.
Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T                et al., "Classical Electrodynamics without the Lorentz
Condition: Extracting Energy from the Vacuum," Physica Scripta, Vol. 61, 2000, p. 513-517. Quoting
the abstract:


"It is shown that if the Lorentz condition is discarded, the Maxwell-Heaviside field equations become
the Lehnert equations, indicating the presence of charge density and current density in the vacuum. The
Lehnert equations are a subset of the O(3) Yang-Mills field equations. Charge and current density in the
vacuum are defined straightforwardly in terms of the vector potential and scalar potential, and are
conceptually similar to Maxwell's displacement current, which also occurs in the classical vacuum. A
demonstration is made of the existence of a time dependent classical vacuum polarization which appears
if the Lorentz condition is discarded. Vacuum charge and current appear phenomenologically in the
Lehnert equations but fundamentally in the O(3) Yang-Mills theory of classical electrodynamics. The
latter also allows for the possibility of the existence of vacuum topological magnetic charge density and
topological magnetic current density. Both O(3) and Lehnert equations are superior to the Maxwell-
Heaviside equations in being able to describe phenomena not amenable to the latter. In theory, devices
can be made to extractthe energy associated with vacuum charge and current."

The bits and pieces of a dramatically corrected and extended electrical engineering model and electrical
science are already there in the various areas of physics, just waiting to be integrated into a true and
"fitted" model of "EM energy freely and copiously extracted from the vacuum". Indeed, the higher
group symmetry electrodynamics models are already generated and available in physics — such as the O
(3) electrodynamics developed by Myron Evans and later extended by him into an elegant Einstein-
Cartan-Evans (ECE) unified field theory. Quoting Evans from his earlier O(3) electrodynamics:

   .the acceptance of a structured vacuum described by an O(3) gauge group leads directly to the
existence of novel charges and currents in the vacuum. These are conserved, or Noether, currents and
charges and are clearly topological in origin. They spring from the fact that the vacuum is a topological
space. Four such entities emerge: [1] A topological vacuum electric charge, also proposed empirically
by Lehnert et al. [2] A topological vacuum electric current, also proposed empirically by Lehnert et al.
[3] A topological vacuum magnetic charge, proposed also by Barrett and Harmuth. [4] A vacuum
topological magnetic current, proposed also by Barrett and Harmuth. ... Each of these four objects can
provide energy, which can be loosely termed 'vacuum energy': energy coming from the topology of the
vacuum." [Myron W. Evans, "O(3) Electrodynamics," in Modem Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3
Vols., edited by M.W. Evans, Wiley, New York, 2001, Part 1, p. 84].

To save our own nation and the Western world from a giant and impending economic collapse because
of the inane "energy from fuel" crisis, we must unleash our very best scientists and researchers —
particularly the young and more vigorous ones — on solving this problem. We must quickly correct and
update the electrical engineering model that was so deliberately "fixed" at Morgan's command. And we


6/28/2007
                                                                                             Page 15 of 15


must unleash our sharp young professors, doctoral candidates, and post doctoral scientists to quickly
research and develop new asymmetrical Maxwellian systems that finally — after more than a century of
delay — utilize the full extent of Maxwell's 1865 quaternion-like theory prior to the 1880s and 1890s
mutilation of it after Maxwell was already dead.

Post Script:

Nikola Tesla was ultimately murdered in 1943 when he attempted to make contact with FDR regarding
'energy extraction from the active medium' currently known as the 'vacuum of space-time' (in its virtual
state) and ZPE (in the observable state). It was obviously feared that since Einstein was able to influence
FDR to mobilize the 'atomic energy paradigm' with a massive 'governmental' effort, then quite possibly
Tesla would have enabled just such a program for 'energy from the active medium' currently known as
'Energy From The Vacuum.'

From:


"I have never mentioned this before, but when I spoke at the 1981 Conference at the University of
Toronto, a detective, an older gentleman from New York, with a heavy New York accent, approached
me afterwards and said that he was a detective at the time when Tesla had been found dead, and said he
was involved with the investigation.

He said for National Security reasons, that nobody was to know that the Coroners report had indicated
he had been poisoned.

I have never personally read the Coroner's report, but the man was about the right age. He showed me a
badge and I had no reason to doubt this man who had come all the way up to Toronto from New York,
just to tell somebody after all those years.

The Coroner's report did say he had been poisoned. Now it turns out that the only medium to my
knowledge it actually cites that Tesla had been poisoned is the Yugoslavian film on Nikola Tesla called,
"The Secret of Nikola Tesla." So everybody can rewatch the introduction, because they say it right at the
beginning. And they also say perhaps that he was killed by the Nazi's."

Source: http://www.crest.org/discussion/green-power/200205/msg00011.html


6/28/2007
