{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:12:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1888062, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123935-tom-bearden-united-states-4-marketwatch-link.pdf", "source_sha256": "e93e0dbc48844f8a2acea192510ce165d3803adcba2906bd244b9edb993e9b08"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2450, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
Saturday, November 08, 2008 11:17 PM
Withholding of a tremendous auto development
To: Addressee
For your information. Please take a look at the information on this link.
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Refusing-Muzzled-LA-Auto-Show/story.aspx?guid=(C4850401-CB16-4257-
995B-77915949A7C7}
Is the correspondent remarked when he sent me this link, if you know anybody who knows anybody, it might b
productive for the new administration to hear very strongly about this. Rebuilding the economy by also implementing les
polluting and more renewable technologies is a stated priority, and, well, here you are. The tremendous mileage per
gallon wilf dramatically reduce our demand for gasoline and oil. Add to this the epochal Bedini battery charger, which
greatly increases the life of the battery, the effectiveness of the charge, removes sulfation, etc., and you have a real
winning combination -- for both the consumers' cost of driving and for our fragile and over polluted environment.
This auto development is something that folks here and now can understand, and it offers substantial benefits to the
country, the consumer, and the biosphere.
Let's hope that a number of people in very powerful positions, who are committed to solving the energy crisis and the
biospheric pollution problem, are fully informed of this tremendous development, available right now.
Incidentally, I once worked for an auto company, and let me tell you the secret of how they "sell cars", and have done so
since shortly after WW II.
There are only two basic themes, continually hammered into our youngsters by jillions of ads. The actual names of these
two themes are:
1. Power is Virility! This is for the red blooded young teenage male, with hormones pumping, etc. This is why the ads
show big powerful vehicles hurtling through the air, doing the impossible, etc. Lots of power, acceleration, etc.
2. The harem concept! This is for the teenage female, being also highly conditioned that her role is to be a "hottie". The
harem concept means "dream car design", beauty of the interior, color schemes, styling, luxury, etc.
And that is what has been selling cars -- and determining what is built -- since shortly after WW II.
its ably time to grow am and gets ane responsibil amped bie into real ranies They rebell
Simply look at their advertisements, with those two themes in mind, to see it vividly illustrated.
Very best wishes,
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 842, "chars": 5541, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Refusing to be Muzzled by LA Auto Show, AFS Trinity Pulls 150 M...
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Refusing-Muzzled-LA-Aut.
More
Enter Symbol(s) or Keyword(s)
Welcome, please sign ir
My Portfolio - Community - VSE • Avert:
SEARCH
Markel
Get MarketWatch Anytime, Anywhere.
FRONT PAGE
NEWS & COMMENTARY
Columnists
First Take
Special Reports
Blogs
Podcasts
Industry News
Economy & Politics
LATEST NEWS [MBI] MBIA: Moody's downgrade has little direct impact
PRESS RELEASE
Refusing to be Muzzled by LA Auto Show, AFS Trinity Pulls 150
MPG SUV out of Show; Will Exhibit Elsewhere in LA During
Show
Company says carmakers continue to seek tens of billions of taxpayer dollars,
ostensibly to develop fuel-efficient vehicle technologies, but their conduct is
evidence they are reluctant to embrace solutions they didn't invent.
Last update: 5:00 a.m. EST Nov. 7, 2008
LOS ANGELES, Nov 07, 2008 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ - AFS Trinity Power
Corporation today announced it pulled its 150 MPG plug-in hybrid SUV prototypes
out of the LA Auto Show but will independently exhibit and demonstrate the super
fuel- efficient vehicles on their own elsewhere in downtown LA during the show.
The company's decision followed actions by the LA Auto Show to muzzle AFS
Trinity from highlighting the 150 miles per gallon fuel economy of its XH150
prototype vehicles. "The suppression by the automakers of information about
technologies such as this raises serious questions about the judgment, vision,
intentions and capabilities of the leadership of these companies," said Edward W.
Furia, Chairman and CEO of AFS Trinity. "Such conduct by the automakers, who
are currently seeking tens of billions of taxpayer dollars, ostensibly to develop fuel
efficient vehicle technologies, is evidence they are reluctant to embrace solutions
they didn't invent."
First shown at the North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) in Detroit in
January, 2008, two XH150 prototypes have toured the country for the last ten
months and received positive reactions from the American public, national media
(see coverage at http://www.afstrinity.com/press-coverage.htm), public officials,
Govemors, Senators and Members of Congress as well as automotive fleet
managers and engineers in Austin, Salt Lake City, Philadelphia, Washington D.C.,
Seattle, Livermore and Sacramento. (Images available for download at
http://www.afstrinity.com/press-images.htm).
Furia explained that, when AFS Trinity sought exhibition space on the main floor of
the LA Auto Show, the only space that show management offered was the Kentia
Hall basement (Note: the LA Auto Show is "owned" by the Greater Los Angeles
New Car Dealers Association, which, in tum, is closely associated with the major
auto makers in Detroit). To address AFS Trinity's concern that the Kentia Hall
basement space was much less likely to attract visitors to the XH150 exhibit, show
management offered the company a package of floor space in Kentia, advertising
space in the auto show program and billboard space on the main floor of the
convention center, suggesting that AFS Trinity could use the ad and billboard to
attract visitors to the basement exhibit.
"There was just one hitch," Furia said. "Before we could proceed, the content of
our ad and billboard had to be submitted to auto show management for approval.
When we told them that the ad and billboard content would essentially be the
same as what the company has used in its web site for the past ten months and
which we used at the Detroit Auto Show in January, they responded that our
mileage claim of 150 miles per gallon would not be permitted."
Furia quoted an email from LA Auto Show management that said, "We cannot
approve this content... the mileage claim is of primary concem to us.
Manufacturers are forced to quote EPA verified mpg numbers in their advertising,
and ... [your] 150-MPG figure is an estimation. A banner like this one in the lobby is
likely to generate unfavorable reactions from manufacturers, which is something
we will take action to avoid." (Email from LA Auto Show Assistant General
Manager, Scott Webb).
In response, AFS Trinity observed that EPA does not certify mileage estimates of
show cars and prototypes, but nevertheless offered to modify its billboard and ad
content with new text, stating, "150-MPG is an estimate, not EPA-certified...your
Newsletters
Election 2008
READ IT NOW!
TRADING STRATEGIES
Up-to-the-minute news & information
from your industry-leading source.
A special report available the
first trading day of each month
• Dozens of short-term
investment strategies
• Insightful analysis and
information that yield results
Market Watch
GO •
Personal Finance Daily E-newsletter
Understand the most important financial
issues that affect your life - from
financing a car to buying a home to
planning for retirement.
MOST
POPULAR
READ
Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy policy
E-MAILED
DORS PICK
1. Top hedge fund managers funereal' in midst of
financial crisis
2. AIG in talks with government over new bailout -
report
3. Worst retail sales trend since 1974 expected
4. Top hedge fund managers funereal' in midst of
financial crisis
Credit Suisse reportedly shuts down bond fu
Democrats plead automakers' case to Treas
• Economy, Obama picks will likely dominal
ata-light wee
8. Los Angeles-based Security Pacific Bank seized
by FDIC
9. OPEC says more cuts could be on the way
10. Berkshire Hathaway quarterly net income falls
77%
Get the Latest MarketWatch News >>
PARTNER CENTER
1 of 4
11/9/20089:30 AM

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 845, "chars": 5350, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Refusing to be Muzzled by LA Auto Show, AFS Trinity Pulls 150 M...
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Refusing-Muzzled-LA-Aut.
mileage may vary."
The email AFS Trinity received in response from LA Auto Show management,
according to Furia, reads: We will not accept any billboard or program advertising
that mentions AFS Trinity's 150-MPG claim, including references as part of the
graphics on the vehicle. This is no longer a topic for further discussion."
Explaining AFS Trinity's decision to pull out of the LA Auto show completely, Furia
said, "We had no choice but to pull out of the show when they refused to let us
state our 150-MPG mileage estimate, as it is the most important and popular
feature of our technology. Indeed, I believe our fuel economy would be the main
reason that people would go to the trouble to find us at the auto show," he said.
"Being in the basement was bad enough. Forcing us to be silent about our key
benefit was simply unacceptable."
Ignoring the solution
Furia said, "No one questions the sales potential of a 150-MPG SUV that can carry
a whole family and provide better acceleration than similar gasoline models. Every
single person who has driven these cars loves them and wants one. We have built
two XH150 prototypes and demonstrated them across the country. Yet, none of
the major automakers has accepted our invitation to see and drive them, let alone
license the technology and mass produce them. They usually claim that they are
going to come up with something of their own in the future. In other words, they
reject breakthroughs they didn't invent."
"In the meantime," Furia said, "American auto plants are closing, men and women
who are among the best trained, most productive auto workers in the world are
losing their jobs in record numbers, and America is in danger of losing the last
vestiges of its heartland heavy industrial base altogether. We want people to know
that a super fuel-efficient automotive solution to our dependence on oil already
exists, which the driving public enthusiastically supports and that major automakers
can license and mass-produce within an estimated three years."
Furia said, "Our desire to deliver this message in spite of the effort to muzzle us is
why we decided to bring our exhibit trailer and prototypes to downtown L.A., the
American city that, probably more than any other, understands the environmental,
energy and economic implications of this technology. The anticompetitive behavior
by the automakers is troubling because Americans still appear willing to buy new
cars if they are offered the right ones. Now is the time to embrace new fuel
efficient vehicle technologies, not stifle them."
EPA and prototypes
According to Furia, "The reason the LA Auto Show gave for prohibiting our 150
mile per gallon estimate - which we have widely used in other auto shows and
which has been broadly reported by the media worldwide - is that EPA has not
certified this mileage, but this is a weak and transparent excuse, as EPA does not
certify mileage for show cars or prototypes. Certification does not happen until a
car is much closer to being commercially produced."
AFS Trinity's 150-MPG mileage estimate is based on a typical week of driving: 40
miles, 6 days per week and 80 miles on one weekend day each week. The first 40
miles of every day are electric, with gasoline being used only for distances beyond
40 miles. For this driving profile, the XH-150 uses up to 2 gallons of gas to travel
320 miles, which works out to 160 mpg, which the company rounds down to 150
miles per gallon.
Battery issue
Furia explained that the difference between the AFS Trinity approach to energy
storage in a plugin hybrid and that of other developers is the use of ultracapacitors
and proprietary control electronics to solve the power and life cycle limitations of
batteries. AFS Trinity has been developing sophisticated energy storage and
delivery technologies for 18 years working with a variety of private and goverment
entities, including DARPA, NASA, the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Department of
Transportation, Califomia State agencies, Oak Ridge National Labs, Lawrence
Livermore National Labs, Lockheed, Honeywell, Mercedes, Ricardo and others.
"We applaud attempts by carmakers and others to develop a new battery that
might be able to overcome the inherent reliability and durability problems related to
the duty cycle demanded of a plugin hybrid, but waiting for it - especially as it may
never emerge or may emerge at an impossibly high cost - is risky business,
particularly when the auto industry needs an energy storage and power
management solution for plug ins now," Furia said. "We have a solution today that
we have demonstrated and that only requires mass production engineering in
order to be put into commercial production in a wide range of cars, trucks and
charles SCHWAB
Take our free online
seminars. Charles
Schwab
Scottrade
Switch to Scottrade,
get up to $100 back
Get 100
EXTRADE commission -Free
Trades.
AMERITRADE
TD AMERITRADE. Trade
free for 30 days.
Halbert INTERACTIVE
Take the tour
Unlock stock, fund and
newsletter performanc
secrets
Retirement Weekly
FREE Sample Issue
Plan for the retirement
you deserve
Member FDIC
4.00%
ANNUAL PERCENTAGE YIELD
America's Highest Rate
Learn More •
DOLLAR SAVINGS DIRECT
2 of 4
11/9/2008 9:30 AM

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3943, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Refusing to be Muzzled by LA Auto Show, AFS Trinity Pulls 150 M...
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Refusing-Muzzled-LA-Aut
SUVs."
Implications for Auto Industry Stimulus (aka "Bail-out") Package
Furia noted that the Associated Press (AP) reported yesterday that Detroit
automakers are once again on Capital Hall in Washington, D.C. seeking a bail-out
and forecasting their own demise if they don't get it. "This is certain to be a major
issue that the new U.S. Congress and President-Elect Obama will consider. An
emergency bail-out could even become an issue in the remaining days of 2008 for
the current U.S. Congress," he said.
"The action that the LA Auto Show took to muzzle AFS Trinity has implications for
such a bailout," Furia said. "The idea that the Detroit automakers, through their LA
Auto Show agents, would seek to suppress interest in a super-efficient vehicle
technology developed by a small company such as AFS Trinity truly challenges
the imagination, particularly given the global energy security landscape through
which America must navigate in the next several decades," Furia said.
Whether the behavior of the Greater Los Angeles New Car Dealers, and, by
implication and association, the carmakers they serve, is based on NIH ("not-
invented-here") considerations, or something else, it raises questions about
whether the current leadership of the American auto industry possesses the
perspective, character, capability and vision to escape the death march in which
they currently appear to be locked, no matter how large a bailout the next
Congress and President-Elect Obama are willing to support.
"As dangerous as Detroit's problems may be, they also represent an enormous
opportunity to reject antiquated attitudes and behaviors and create millions of new
jobs and feed unprecedented economic growth, precisely because these
problems are so large and so critical to address. Simply put," Furia concluded, "a
stimulus package that allows current auto industry leadership to remain in control
of the destiny of this critically important industry as it confronts this unprecedented
crisis - and opportunity - is something that the new Congress and President-Elect
Obama should really think twice about."
About AFS Trinity
AFS Trinity develops Fast Energy Storage(TM) for vehicular, spacecraft and
stationary power systems utilizing batteries, ultracapacitors, and flywheels. The
Company has conducted programs with private and govemment organizations
including DARPA, NASA, the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army, U.S. DOT, Califomia Energy
Commission, Oak Ridge National Laboratories, Lawrence Livermore National
Labs, Lockheed, Honeywell, Mercedes and Ricardo. AFS Trinity's patent-pending
Extreme Hybrid(TM) drive train utilizes ultra-capacitors, batteries and proprietary
power and control electronics for plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVS).
Ricardo, the world's leading independent automotive engineering firm, with over
1900 engineers in facilities around the world, has assisted AFS Trinity in building
the first XH-150 prototypes and is a preferred supplier to AFS Trinity for drive train
integration support. For more information visit www.afstrinity.com and
www.ricardo.com.
Domesiaemens mms mews eieaseaeowa ookmo mese S AemenS Ilav
be identified by the use of words such as "will," "expects," "believes," "targets."
"intends," and words of similar import. Actual results may vary depending on
circumstances both within and outside the control of the Company including
market acceptance of products, technology development cycles and other risk
factors. AFS Trinity Power Corporation takes no responsibility for updating any
forward-ooking statements made in this release. Extreme Hybrid(TM),
ExtremeFleet(TM), XH(TM), XH-150(TM), XH-250(TM), Fast Energy(TM), Fast
SOURCE AFS Trinity Power Corporation
ntCo:www..arscrlnicy.com/
Copyright (C) 2008 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
COMTEX
3 of4
11/9/20089:30 AN

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1891, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Refusing to be Muzzled by LA Auto Show, AFS Trinity Pulls 150 M...
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/Refusing-Muzzled-LA-Aut...
Sponsored Links
ace
Looking for Importers or Exporters? Start Global Trade on Alibaba!
www.alibaba.com
Detroit Auto Show
Complete Auto Show Coverage Articles, Videos and more from
KBB.
wwww.kbb.com/detroit-auto-show
SMI Services
Guidance & support for your Activant system
http://www.sysmanint.com
Top stories
8:32 PM 11/7/08
Top hedge fund managers funereal' in midst of financial
crisis
10:49 AM 11/8/08 AIG in talks with govemment over new bailout - report
12:01 AM 11/8/08 Economy, Obama picks will likely dominate data-light week
Site Index | Topics | Archive | Help | Feedback | Media Archive | Premium Products | Mobile | RSS | Podcasts | Company Info | Advertising Media Kit | DJ Client Solutions
The Wall Street Journal Digital Network:
WSJ.com | Barron's Online | BigCharts | Virtual Stock Exchange | All Things Digital | MarketWatch Community
RealEstateJournal.com |
Financial News Online
WSJ.com Small Business
MarketWatch
Copyright © 2008 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MarketWatch.com: Stock Market Quotes - Business News - Financial News
Intraday data provided by Interactive Data Real Time Services, a division of Interactive Data Corp. and subject to terms of use.
Historical and current end-of-day data provided by interactive Data Pricing and Reference Data. More information on NASDAQ
traded symbols and their current financial status. intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other
exchanges. Dow Jones Indexes(SM) from Dow Jones & Company, inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by Comstock and is at
least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data provided by NASDAQ
4 of 4
11/9/2008 9:30 AM
