{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T22:56:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2053465, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123951-witness-10968-bentwaters-case-united-states.pdf", "source_sha256": "e7669707c871845dea69ca4ee913d55ce8651c10f04be61427939be313a654a7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3020, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I thought you might find this interesting
10/10/00 9:36:23 AM Eastern Daylight Time
There was a lone red brick house at the end of the RAF Woodbridge, the red
brick house, it was the only house in the grim, scary Rendlesham forest. My
eyes boring tree after tree and deeper into the thickness of the forest
knowing something out there will kill me. Only I and Rendlesham forest
will know the cause of my death.
We lumbered into the van, after guard mount, with our loaded M-16 weapons.
In the middle of the night, about 15 of us crammed into the back of a metro
van. I was the first to be dropped off alone at East Gate. Everyone else
got to go in groups to somewhere safe. I was pissed, okay, I was scared
shitless being left alone at the end of the runway. See, there's a headless
ghost supposedly walking the runway. His name? Of course he had a name. It
was East End Charlie. East End Charlie was... let me back up. RAF
Woodbridge and her sister base (5 miles away) RAF Bentwaters were crash
bases back in World War II.
Before I get into any great detail of the sighting I had, I would like to
state that I will write exactly what I saw. I have cause to lie or stretch
the truth. I want nothing out of this. I can say that my recollection is
very clear I have a 147 IQ and have an uncanny recall of detail, smell
sounds the temperature against my skin etc.
Okay, just to set the timeline up a bit: I was stationed at RAF Bentwaters
between November 4th 1980 through April 10th 1981. I had just turned 18
years old in July.
This incident happened about three weeks after the Now infamous Bentwaters
sighting/encounter. It was in the 2nd week of January 1981. I was booted out
of the service almost three months to the day after this event.
RAF Woodbridge is a sister base to RAF Bentwaters. They are about five miles
apart and the 81st Security Police Squadron which I was attached to covered
the security for both bases. I had not yet received my Secret Clearance and
therefore was temporarily assigned to the Law Enforcement flight. I worked
on one of the flights that had rotating shifts. Our schedule went like this:
three days on swing, three days on nights and then three days off.
Since I didn't have a security clearance I could not go into the Non Alert
Parking Areas (NAPAS) where the A-10's were. I couldn't even go into the
Weapons Storage Area (WSA) which housed all the ordinance and some small
amount of nukes although I do not know for sure if the WA housed nukes.
With all these restrictions I was relegated to sitting out on the further
most reaches of our base in a four foot square cubical and watch the grass
grow. For some reason I got the East gate a lot. Mostly because / was new
and did not really belong to the Law Enforcement (LE) crew. I did not mind
and for the first few months it was okay.
No one bothered me and I could just hang out, check ID's until the gate
closed at about eight o'clock and then ride shotgun with the shift sergeant.
Wednesday, October 11, 2000 Compuserve
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2460, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If I was on nights I would ride with the SERGEANT first and then be put on
the East gate just before shift change for the moming traffic. Most of the
night was spent relieving other LE members while they went and ate or took a
On this particular night an airman named Senior Airman (SrA) XXXwas on
patrol and i was riding along with him. We went out to check the gate
because some people new the combination and were using it after hours. I
checked to make sure it was locked. The car was parked back about fifty feet
to help light up the area. The gate was locked and I went back to the car.
The night was brisk but not cold and SrA
and 1 hung out leaning
against our patrol car and talked for a while. I was facing south and
talking to
who was facing north.
said " I guess this is where they saw that UFO a few weeks back."
I said, "Oh?" and asked him what exactly happened. He did not know for sure
but pointed out a light house way the heck off in the distance, toward the
North Sea, and said that they saw a UFO. I asked about the rumor that it
had been moving through
the trees and he just shrugged "I, don't know. Don't think it was a rumor."
I faced back south after looking east toward the light house and something
caught my eye. The night sky was pretty clear when I noticed a light moving
across the sky. It was like if you were outside and saw a jet off in the
distance and while you can not make out its image you know it's a jet
because it is a smail object moving at a steady pace.
This light was not moving at any at all. It was darting across the sky very
It soared up then it dropped down furiously, then up into the heavens again
then plummeted to earth, but never crashing. It probably changed altitude at
a difference of a few thousand feet in elevation ten times in as many
seconds.
I tumed to
"Shit! What's that?"
He looked and spotted it also. "Geez, I don't know."
We watched it for about a half a minute or more and he told me to stay put,
that he was going to go to the Woodbridge control tower and see what was up.
"Stay put? Screw that, I'm going with you."
At the tower, they explained that they only had a C-130 and a helicopter on
a mission that night in this area. Well, I am not pilot but we both agreed
that this was neither a helicopter or a cargo plane.
1 looked at
"Should we call it in to Police Control?"
XXXagreed that we should. So, XX
Xgot on the radio and announced,
Wednesday, October 11, 2000
Compuservel
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2363, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
just saw a UFO outside of the East gate."
I cussed him out, "Man, you saw it too."
"Er Police Control? I stand corrected, me and LaPlume just saw a UFO."
XXXgiving XXX a look that said, "You happy now?"
East Gate's telephone rang almost immediately. I answered it and it was my
shift commander Lieutenant Englund.
"Palmer what did you see?"
"Sir, lights moving erratically in the sky."
"Where are you?" Lieutenant Englund demanded.
"East Gate, sir."
"There back, again. Look, keep an eye on the lights. I'm notifying the
Wing and Squadron Commander. Just keep your eyes on those lights!
"Yes sir." Hearing a click in the phone, I hung up my end of the telephone.
The elapse time was far was approximately fifteen minutes from the time we
first spotted the moving light.
The night was partly cloudy and the craft went behind some clouds over
Rendieshem Forest. It was still at least fifteen miles away and at an
elevation of about twenty thousand feet or so. It was not like it was
hanging overhead.
Well holy cow the earth opened up and within twenty minutes I had more
people and brass at my post than I had ever seen. There was the deputy base
commander, his wife and teen age son. They brought along their cameras. I
remember his wife saying something to the effect of "Oh boy we get to see
one" Lieutenant Englund showed up and told my not to be nervous that Colonel
Gordon Williams was on his way and that he had had just made General. Who me
nervous.
I was told to state that my post was "Safe and Secure" I opened the gate and
everyone piled into a blue Air Force station wagon and a jeep and took off.
and I were given a night vision scope and told to let them know if we
spotted it again.
We did not look for it much because we figured it was long gone. I screwed
around looking through a night vision scope and waited. about an hour later
till the patrol vehicles came back and | was told to "man" East Gate for the
rest of the night and keep them posted if anything happens. They all then
went back to Police Control.
and | stood around for a while. I was in awe over the whole show. It
was about a half hour after everyone left that the craft appeared again. It
came from the area of the lighthouse. This time it was a lower in the shy
and moved slowly. It came directly over
Xand i, its elevation was
Wednesday, October 11, 2000 Compuserve
Page: 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 1884, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
about two thousand feet, i guess and it had some lights on it. I remember
seeing a green light and mostly a blue light emitting from the underside.
This light enveloped me as the craft went over. It was about 100 yards long
and kind of cigar shaped looking from my angle of view. I remember it being
directly over head and thinking 'Wow this is way cool. I was not nervous at
all and did not unsling my M-16. I just looked up at it and the next thing I
remember it was past me and on its way up where it just blended in with the
stars. I have a bit of a gap in time from when it was over me to when I saw
it back in the southem sky and departing. This always kind of bugged me.
I asked
- if he wanted to report this and told him I did not. He agreed
and we never told anyone about this part of the event. The next moming I
caught a bit of shit from my fellow Airmen and was reminded a bit about how
we harassed the others a few weeks prior. I never had anyone debrief me
other than a few people asking me what I saw. But nothing official. I was
tired and went to bed.
My character is a bit different than most peoples. If something happens to
me I take it in and move on and try to leam from an experience. I never
dwell on something that has happened because I know that once an event in my
life happens I can do nothing to change it. Even if I was the cause of
something I hardly ever feel guilty because its over and done with.
It is for this reason that I never much thought about UFO's or Visitor as
anything other than "Yeah, I saw one once and I may go to my grave never
knowing, oh well. Life goes on."
> -Original Message
>
> Subject: Re: This guy was the base commander at bentwaters... 've
> heard he lives in C...
>
> Thanks for the info.
> We will try to foliow up on this.
- Headers
Subject: I thought you might find this interesting
Wednesday, October 11, 2000
Page: 4
