{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T02:49:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3323813, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123938-tom-bearden-united-states-9.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d7f4c0ca2624df1f7d3982a924b11cc801ed1b457422ea745c16e73307c2790"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 607, "chars": 3725, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
XxXxXX
Sunday, October 14, 2007 11:12 AM
eX
RE: someone wanting to contact you via Steve Greer
Hi
Hope things go well with you and Steve and the projects. Here we are just "hanging in there" and putting one foot in front
of the other, progressing at a snail's pace.
I really don't have the time to get into new things with unknown folks, etc. These days due to my own physical condition
and that of my wife, I only have about two to three hours a day to do anything other than caring for our needs. So I'm
pretty well sticking to dealing with folks I know something about and trust.
And the government device mentioned is particularly suspicious.
Meanwhile, I'm doing what I can to finish up my write-up work and get the final results onto my website. Will be writing up
precursor engineering, which is the direct engineering of reality (spacetime) itself, far beyond any and all types of
because no forces are involved, hence there is no formation of F dot dS and its integral. One builds up a "dynamic form"
in spacetime itself (i.e., a spacetime engine), and then interacts that precursor spacetime engine with matter. The ongoing
interaction of the precursor engine with matter produces an ongoing specific force engine in that interacting matter, to
produce the requisite engineering and responses obtained in that interacting matter. In this way, for just a tiny bit of
switching and control work, one can build up very large precursor (spacetime dynamics) forms which one then interacts
with matter to do what one wishes.
When doing precursor engineering, one must not hold just "one" model in one's mind; instead, one must hold all the
models that exist in physics and science in one's mind - because the phenomenological results from any of them are
available to be directly engineered and used
This includes action at a distance (use of quantum potential and multiply connected spacetime), instant communication
regardless of distance, and direct engineering of mind dynamics (which exists as time-polarized photon interaction in the
time domain, which one can "get at" with a bit of extension of quantum field theory). Any and all known physical effects,
and millions of effects presently unknown, are all "open" to direct engineering.
In theory, anything that can even be conceived, can be engineered directly and at will.
That is, with precursor engineering one can do anything at all - anything that is in any and all of the physics models we
presently have, and then lots more that scientists have not yet even conceived
I consider precursor engineering (which is included a bit in the old Soviet energetics - their superweapons science) to be
a giant leap of at least 500 years into the future in science. If it can be begun so that we develop precursor technology, it
means that things like solving the energy crisis, solving the global warming and pollution crisis, healing all the diseases
(including aging itself), etc. are within humanity's grasp. Some - such as solving the energy and climate problem and the
medical problem - within fairly quick grasp.
has been rather ruthlessly suppressed and "parked" for nearly 20 years. Hopefully, however, he will yet get his
chips on the market (they are patented, although the patents do not mention precursor engineering). Some of the
sensational results have also been directly tested in a couple of labs, including a quite good government laboratory.
So that is my main job for the next few months. I simply have to get all that written up and onto my website, while I have
the opportunity to do so thanks to the hard work of the dedicated folks who make the website possible, and while I still
have enough health left to tackle it.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1089, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anyway, my very best to you and Steve, and I really hope him great success. He has been a valiant fighter now for years,
and his efforts remain an inspiration to generations yet to come.
Very best wishes,
From: EXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX]
Sent: Sunday, October 14, 2007 9:18 AM
To: 1X
Subject: someone wanting to contact you via Steve Greer
Dear Tom,
A man named >
had contacted Steve quite a while ago.
>just called here yesterday. His dad is a possible witness to debris at Roswell which is why he
Anyway ...he called yesterday asking for your contact information which I did not give him. He says he is working with a
group called RAM which has plans to a "gov't" energy device that they are building, but need some consultation on.
Steve has no way to verify anything about this man and is in no way endorsing or not endorsing him. We are just
passing on his email in case you are interested in contacting him.
XXXXX…...XXXXXXXXXXXХ)
When I balked at giving your contact info, X
Suggested that I just give you his.
So ...here it is.
Hope all is well.
We are moving forward.
Best wishes.
XXX
