{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T11:37:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7427591, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123927-tom-bearden-united-states-11.pdf", "source_sha256": "84549e86012326ded2a0e7fa1439471248f6d72ebadcd29b04742f8105462e63"}

Page 1 of 4


Subj:       RE: Interesting item if true
Date:       7/18/2007 12:21:35 PM Eastern Daylight Time


    :


Hi everybody,

      pointed out that this was a joke, and to notice the author and newspaper.                 at San Francisco
Comical. In short, "Bend Over, San Francisco Comical joke."

So disregard the article. No science in that one at all!

Thanks to          for pointing it out quickly.

I was interested because                and I once had a rather dangerous encounter in that area, many years ago.
Bedini was making his own highly unusual semiconductors for his renowned audio amplifiers, and he fired these
beasts in an electric oven as a last step. The slag left over from the chip turned into black ruby laced with gold and
silver, as pretty a thing as you ever saw. J    had the slag assayed, and it was real gold and silver. When first
formed, the gold was radioactive, but all isotopes of gold decay safely in a half hour or so. So just wait a bit, and
they were AOK.

Then, to suppress the overunity system (a large motor) that          was working hard on at the time, the High Cabal
sent in one of their chief suppressors,              . He was known as the "great disrupter"; his technique was to
disrupt and divert the project, and he was very skilled in doing so. Cejaka had participated in the suppression of
literally hundreds of processes etc., and was very proud of his nefarious work (and also arrogant). He kept
meticulous files on all his successful suppression escapades, with color slides that would pop one's eyes out.

So to divert      from his overunity system work,         briefed          and I on a suppressed process for
transmuting copper to gold. [Note that                also had a process for transmuting quartzite sand into gold,
and his son John Moray still knows the process.            y tried to obtain funding to put the Moray transmutation
process into production, but was unable to get a decent deal or opportunity].

In his astounding briefing         included about 80% of the suppressed copper-to-gold transmutation process he
had helped suppress, conveniently leaving out the other 20% so the "audience" would not have all the information
necessary to replicate it. The intent was to get us all fired up with gold fever, and have us go off madly and
fruitlessly chasing transmutation of copper into gold.

What          did not know was that    i had spent much of his boyhood picking up new and interesting ore and
minera samples in the mountains around Sylmar, California, grinding the ore samples up, making transistors out of
them, and then measuring the responses and capabilities of the resulting transistors. So, unknown to Cejaka,
Bedini already knew the remaining 20% of that process! So Bedini set up the transmutation experiment, and
proceeded to make gold straightaway — which was assayed and proven real.

When this success was then reported to                       and I told him we were going to open up a mine,
One", salt it with man-made gold-from-copper at midnight. dig out the "ore" next day, purify it, and sell the resulting
gold etc. to finance the overunity system work. Confronted with the actual transmuted gold, Cejaka turned white as
a sheet and rapidly departed in a state of shock, mumbling threats incoherently. Twenty-four hours later he came
storming back with a blunt message directly from his High Cabal bosses. We could play with our silly little energy
devices, they said, but we were not going to mess with international finance and making gold. For our information,
they stated, half the Russian gold being sold on the world market at the time was being made artificially in the
laboratory, but "you idiots are not going to do it and live!" We would immediately agree to give up the
gold-from-copper transmutation process forever, or we would be killed in 24 hours. Agree right now or die in 24
hours — that was the blunt ultimatum. If we accepted, we lived — but then if we traveled on an airplane etc. during
the next 60 days, we would be promptly assassinated.

We had little choice but to accept! We were interested in the energy project anyway, not in making gold. So we
accepted right then and there.

Arrogantly thinking that I was the "brains" who had known the rest of the completion process (I was still trying to

                               Wednesday, July 18, 2007    CompuServe: DrSGreer
                                                                                                                      Page 2 of 4

understand it;        i was the real "brains" for it!), Cejaka also stated they may decide to kill me anyway. If so, he
stated arrogantly, it would be with an ice dart dipped in curare.

What Cejaka did not know was that the inventor of that dirty little trick for the CIA, just by sheer coincidence.
happened to be an acquaintance of mine — and I knew all about ice darts dipped in curare. So as a precaution, for
the next two months at work at Computer Sciences Corporation, I wore an armored vest (without the breastplate)
under my shirt, just in case they hit me with the curare-dipped ice dart and hit me in the torso. If they hit me in the
leg, it was all over; but the vest gave a chance of surviving a torso hit.

Then along with a MICOM government scientist,                I had to travel to El Paso, 64 days after Bedini and I had
accepted Cejaka's ultimatum. We traveled to El Paso, did our business at the U.S. Army Air Defense School at Fort
Bliss, and returned to Huntsville, changing airplanes in the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport at about 5:00 p.m.
in the afternoon. The place was very, very busy, really bustling, with plane changers etc.

At the time, the phones were not along the more distant room wall, but were on little boards with dividers, right out
by the side of the walk-space. So one just turned aside from the walk space, picked up a phone, and made his call.
A fellow who got off the same plane as I did, was walking just ahead of me, and turned in and picked up a phone to
make a call. As I stepped by him by one single step, he suddenly let out a strangled yelp, hit the floor convulsing
violently and gasping and thrashing and choking, eyes almost popping from his head, thrashed and bit through his
tongue and bled all over, then lay quiet as he died. The curare on the ice dart immediately paralyzes one's heart
and lungs, so one cannot breathe and his heart cannot beat. The body immediately goes into violent convulsions,
etc., and the person then dies in a very quick and violent way.

So I stood with my back to a post three feet from that poor fellow, and watched him die. The assassin did not miss
me and hit that fellow by accident; instead the assassin just hit him because he was a convenient target in exactly
the right place at the right time, very close to me. So they did it just to teach me they had meant business. And they
did it in broad daylight in a very crowded International Airport, just to emphasize the point and to show that they
could get one anywhere.

When Dr.       came up (he had stopped by the restroom), he also looked down at the guy, stated "he looks awfully
dead to me", and we got the hell out of there just as the emergency crews came running in with emergency aid kits
etc.

There is an ironic sequel to the story.        , who had participated in directly suppressing several very real cures
for cancer, later died of cancer himself. So there was a bit of poetic justice after all. He had personally helped be
responsible for the deaths of a great many persons who would not have had to die of cancer had he not suppressed
the cancer cures. In the end, and in a strange way, he thus indirectly "died by his own hand."

In other words, "As a man soweth, so shall he also reap." And             reaped what he had sown.

Sorry about falling for Mr.            at the Comical.

Best wishes.


From: T              [                               t]
Sent: Wednesday, July 18, 2007 10:09 AM
To: 'c                 et'
Cc: 'M                                             re'
Subject: Interesting item if true

From: Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee [                          g]
Sent: Tuesday, July 17, 2007  9:04 PM
To: d                    g
Subject: [GATA] Scientists find economic process for creating gold from base metals


                               Wednesday, July 18, 2007     CompuServe: DrSGreer
                                                                                                                             Page 3 of 4


                                                                           PAT(
                                              E: GA I~A DIS


Scientists find economic process for creating
gold from base metals
Submitted by cpowell on 07:04PM ET Tuesday, July 17, 2007. Section: Daily Dispatches


San Francisco Comical
Tuesday, July 17, 2007

httpj/news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20070716/od nm/germany sexy dc: ylt=AnlKIwIEm. . .

LIVERMORE, California -- Scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory have discovered a process for
inexpensively converting base metals into gold, the lab announced Tuesday night at a hastily called news conference.

Since medieval times the dream of alchemists has been to make gold, the exemplar of the precious metals, out of lead, the
basest of the base metals. Heretofore this has been possible only through the use of particle accelerators and other
devices of nuclear mechanics to remove three protons from each lead atom, a process requiring so much energy that it
was far more costly than any gold that could be produced.

But Lab Director                 said Tuesday night the lab's scientists have produced economic quantities of the precious
metal in a differen way.

"The alchemists and the early nuclear scientists failed to realize that there's more than one way to skin a proton,"
said. "Instead of trying to knock protons out of lead, protons can be borrowed from metals with lower atomic numbers and
added to gold."

Pidasso said the lab, a division of the U.S. Department of Energy, first achieved the transformation by borrowing protons
from copper and nickel and adding them to bars of iron. But when copper and nickel supplies ran out, the lab began using
protons from calcium, which is abundant in seashells along the nearby California coastline.

According to Pidasso, using proton borrowing and high-quality varnishes, the lab will be able to manufacture about 1,500
metric tonnes of gold per year, which, he predicted, might indefinitely fill what is estimated to be the gap between annual
world gold demand and mine and scrap supply.

Pidasso said the laboratory's gold research long has been funded by grants from JPMorganChase & Co. and Goldman Sachs
Group Inc. but that recently "enormous" help had been provided by Bear Stearns Cos.

The lab's announcement was expected to plunge the precious metals markets into chaos. A spokesman for the World Gold
Council in London, reached late in the evening on his cell phone at a local club, would say only, "Young women in slinky
outfits will look good in gold no matter how much of the stuff is available or where it comes from. Those details hardly
matter to us."


Join GATA at these conferences:

The Silver Summit
Thursday -Friday, September 20-21, 2007
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho
                        m

New Orleans Investment Conference
Sunday -Thursday, October 21-25, 2007
N w Orleans Louisiana
h


                                  Wednesday, July 18, 2007         CompuServe: DrSGreer
