{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-08T03:04:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 16807933, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304185210024966, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123928-lt-col-tom-bearden-united-states-redefining-alternative-energy.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540979020000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/123928-lt-col-tom-bearden-united-states-redefining-alternative-energy.pdf", "source_sha256": "75454ab414db58aa10dc9f34dd43aebac99a0c03141437a5fc0a22996d914753"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3558, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 8
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
FW: Dr. Steven Greer: Redefining Alternative Energy
9/23/2008 7:20:41 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Hi n
Just read the latest message
very good!
One small suggestion for you:
Please note the difference between ZPE ("zero-point" energy of the vacuum) and "energy of the vacuum". With the
fundamental particle's entire mass, when temperature is reduced to zero (hence the name "zero point energy")
Being observable (though MINISCULE in amount), this ZPE (due to incessant STATISTICAL interaction of the
virtual state vacuum with the entire particle to "move" or "jiggle" it) can indeed be experimentally detected and
So a physicist or scientist can 'keep his scientific reputation" by referring to the experimentally-confirmed ZPE of
the physical particle's entire mass, rather than to the VIRTUAL STATE energy of the vacuum, because the ZPE is a
priori demonstrable experimentally. But, as even Hal Puthoff points out, it appears you can get only enough "usable"
"So far, the embodiments are pitifully small. [Experiments] have produced about the same amount of energy as a
Iro the
Stars", Aviation Week & Space Technology, 3/01/2004, page 50.
That "zitterbewegung" (jittering observable energy of the PARTICLE'S ENTIRE MASS) is due to the continuous
interaction of the particle mass with the seething virtual state vacuum. In short, the BASIC interaction is the
continual absorption of "bubbling" VIRTUAL (subquantal) energy from the vacuum itself. (The modern vacuum is a
EMPTINESS).
In those violent interactions, basically statistically integrated over the entire particle's mass, there is a LITTLE BIT of
coherent interaction going on in the particle, so that a TINY BIT of random integration to a larger-than-quantal size
occurs. And that tiny bit of random integration is what generates the "usable" ZPE zitterbewegung overall jitter of
the particle itself.
This "random integration" part of the virtual state interaction with the observable mass of the fundamental particle
does not contribute to producing the nonequilibrium steady-state EM field integration. This field emission effect
(which is far, far more powerful than the zitterbewegung effect) occurs as the serial virtual photons absorbed are
first individually and serially converted to coherently additive virtual excitations of MASS energy). Since mass is a
priori unitary, those steady-state serial COHERENT integrations lead to the steady-state emission of REAL
OBSERVABLE INDIVIDUAL PHOTONS. Thus the creation of the charged particle's OBSERVABLE, usable, EM
FIELD energy comes about by very direct coherent integration of some of that input serially absorbed VIRTUAL
PHOTON irradiation from the seething vacuum. In short, it continually produces the charge's so-called "static" EM
field by continual and serial emission of real observable INDIVIDUAL photons in all directions at light speed.
So the blunt truth is that the so-called "static" EM field of that jittering charged particle is ALREADY PRODUCED BY
THE DIRECT EXTRACTION OF REAL, OBSERVABLE PHOTONS from the virtual state vacuum itself. And it can
be quite powerful; just assemble enough "source charge" to have an EM field energy density as large as you wish.
Anywhere, anytime. Freely and unendingly.
The electrical engineers lose the whole thing by treating the entire outflow of those photons as a static" EM field
Instead, it is a nonequilibrium steady-state (NESS) system of internal photons moving out in violent and coherent
motion at light speed
Tuesday, September 23, 2008
CompuServe:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 627, "chars": 3955, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 8
As
continuous motion:
To retain causality, we must distinguish two distinct meanings of the term 'static'. One meaning is unchanging in
the sense of no moving parts. The other meaning is sameness from moment to moment by continual replacement
of all moving parts. We can visualize this difference by thinking of a waterfall. A frozen waterfall is static in the first
sense, and a flowing waterfall is static in the second sense. Both are essentially the same at every moment, yet the
fields for a rigid, stationary source frozen, or are they continually regenerated? Causality seems to require the
21, 1998, p. 8-91.
It's the simplest thing in the world to produce a steady-state EM energy flow of real, usable Poynting energy, directly
from the seething vacuum. That is because of the prediction of broken symmetry by Lee and Yang in the 1950s, the
immediate experimental proof published in Feb. 1957 by Wu and her colleagues, and -- because this was such a
giant revolution in all of physics -- the almost immediate award of the Nobel Prize at unprecedented speed to Lee
And as Nobelist Lee pointed out, whenever we have a broken symmetry, then something previously virtual has
become observable.
That known characteristic of broken symmetry is most important! Any (electric or magnetic) dipole is a proven
broken symmetry (and thus freely and steadily converts virtual state vacuum energy directly to observable EM field
energy). Note that, in modern physics, even a single electron actually involves two infinite charges, each having
infinite energy! There is the bare negative charge in the middle, surrounded by the polarized vacuum flux charge of
opposite sign. The two charges, however, have a small but detectable steady FINITE difference. Our instruments,
peering through the infinite screening opposite charge at the inner "bare infinite charge, see and measure only this
small finite difference, and that is put down in our engineerign books as the "value of the electron charge". Actually
Quoting Nobelist Weinberg:
"...in order to account for the observed values (which of course are finite) of the mass and charge of the electron,
the bare mass and charge must themselves be infinite. The total energy of the atom is thus the sum of two terms,
both infinite: the bare energy that is infinite because it depends on the infinite bare mass and charge, and the
energy shift... that is infinite because it receives contributions from virtual photons of unlimited energy." [Steven
At any rate, WE OURSELVES DO NOT HAVE TO DISCOVER HOW TO EXTRACT REAL, USABLE
OBSERVABLE EM ENERGY FROM THE SEETHING VIRTUAL STATE VACUUM, completely aside from the
feeble zitterbewegung ZPE jitter of a fundamental particle. Every charge and every dipole in the universe already
does this "free EM energy extraction from the virtual state vacuum" continuously and without cessation until the end
of time or until the particle is destroyed.
Again, it is ridiculously easy to produce a large, free, unending steady flow of real, usable EM energy, anywhere,
anytime. E.g., just take a permanent magnet. Lay it on the bench. On top of it lay a charged capacitor (or an
electret) so that the E-field of the electrical component is orthogonal to the H-field of the magnet. Then step back
And every EE text in every EE department in every technical university on the planet certifies that this silly gadget
will sit there and steadily and freely pour out an unending Poynting EM energy flow S, given by S = EX H (constants
of proportionality neglected).
So we can produce easily an EMenergy wind" of any size of energy density, anywhere in the universe, for peanuts
time, if nothing is allowed to destroy it.
So verse is continual and steadily parang and wal, sale energy enes charge and dipole in the entire
Instead, we have the problem of building a true 'EM energy WINDMILL collecting system, to sit independently in
Tuesday, September 23, 2008
CompuServe:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 4079, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 8
INDEPENDENTLY sit in that free EM energy wind, divert a bit of that flowing energy and collect it in the windmill
That "windmill" system is an "asymmetric" Maxwellian system because the back emf of the source dipole(s) is NOT
Ah, but electrical engineering was deliberately modified and mutilated by Lorentz (at the elicitation of J. P. Morgan)
in 1892, just before the actual birth of "electrical engineering itself. Lorentz was a great scientist, but he was noted
for appropriating and using other scientists' work and taking credit for it. So you could "talk to" Lorentz, in the
manner of a great empire builder like Morgan. [For a glimpse of this, see J. D. Jackson and L. B. Okun, "Historical
and history of gauge invariance, verify that Ludwig Lorenz (without theit) first symmetrically regauged Maxwell's
equations, although it has been misattributed to H. A. Lorentz (with the "") as being first. This is an excellent
In the late 1880s, Tesla had discovered such asymmetric circuits capable ofạitaking their energy freely from the
active medium". He was thus hell-bent on giving the world free energy. To see that Tesla could actually do it in
some of his patented circuits, see T. W. Barrett, "Tesla's Nonlinear Oscillator-Shuttle-Circuit (OSC) Theory,"
Annales de la Fondation Louis de Broglie, 16(1), 1991, p. 23-41. Barrett - one of the cofounders of ultrawideband
radar and a great higher-group-symmetry electrodynamicist -- rigorously shows that EM expressed in quaternions
(very near Maxwell's original theory) allows shuttling and storage of potentials in circuits, and also allows additional
EM functioning of a circuit that a conventional EM analysis cannot reveal. He shows that the analyzed Tesla
http://www.cheniere.org/references/TeslaOSC.pdf. J
Here are some of Tesla's actual statements:
Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy static or kinetic? If static our hopes are in vain; if kinetic - and this
we know it is, for certain - then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their machinery to
Schuster, 2001]
iElectric power is everywhere present in unlimited quantities and can drive the world's machinery without the need
of coal, oil, gas, or any other of the common fuels." [Nikola Tesla].
"We have to evolve means for obtaining energy from stores which are forever inexhaustible, to perfect methods
which do not imply consumption and waste of any material whatever. I now feel sure that the realization of that idea
is not far off. ...the possibilities of the development I refer to, namely, that of the operation of engines on any point of
the earth by the energy of the medium..." [Nikola Tesla, during an address in 1897 commemorating his installation
Whatever our resources of primary energy may be in the future, we must, to be rational, obtain it without
consumption of any material." [Nikola Tesla, 1900].
Note that such an asymmetric free energy from the active medium EM system does occur in Maxwell's equations
(20 quaternion-like equations in 20 unknowns), and a few even still occur in Heaviside's original vector-truncated
pale subset of Maxwell's theory. Heaviside's theory was in fact to be used for the new 'electrical engineering that
was going to be established, and Lorentz was the scientist who was "diddling together the equations" that would be
We have had group theory in our universities since 1870. Physicists regularly study it; modern physics uses it
extensively.
So in 1890/91 Morgan's science advisors had no difficulty in performing a standard group symmetry of the
candidate Heaviside equations, and thus stating whether or not they still contained any ASYMMETRIC systems
(i.e., some of those confounded "Tesla energy from the active medium" systems).
And the original Heaviside equations were still asymmetrical.
So a fuming Morgan -- preparing to destroy Tesla and his backer Westinghouse because they had destroyed
Morgan's and Edison's plans for a vast DC electric power plant empire - directed that this crazy Heaviside model
Tuesday, September 23, 2008 CompuServe:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 632, "chars": 4126, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 8
"problem be fixed.
And his science advisors elicited Lorentz to do it. He simply "borrowed" Lorenz's (without the t) previous
symmetrization, called it his own, and symmetrized those Heaviside equations in 1892, per Morgan's bidding.
AND SO, SINCE ITS VERY BIRTH, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING HAS BEEN DELIBERATELY AND FOULY
"CRIPPLED" AND MANGLED SO THAT OUR ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS CANNOT DESIGN, CONSIDER,
BUILD, AND DEPLOY THOSE CRAZY "TESLA" ASYMMETRICAL SYSTEMS THAT WOULD MAKE
This is what made all those electric power plants necessary, with their continual usage and consumption of fuel --
other than a few windmill systems, solar cell arrays, some hydroelectric turbine-driven generator systems, etc.
In addition, a few years thereafter, that "idiot Heaviside (in Morgan's view) discovered that every generator source
also outputs not only the feeble Poynting energy flow that gets diverged into the external "collecting" circuit to power
up the electrons in the entire circuit back through and including the source dipole in the generator itself, but also
pours out several trillion times as much energy flow in "curled" form. Well, in any special relativity situation, the
"divergence of the curl"' is zero, and so NONE of that gigantic curled Heaviside EM energy flow usually even
interacts with anything (because the situation is entirely special relativistic, since the local frame is NOT rotating or
A fuming Morgan knew that, if the future electrical engineers were to clearly understand that a generator actually
pours out several trillion times as much energy flow as the mechanical energy that we crank into the generator
So Morgan simply gave orders to®&Fix it!"
Again his advisors went to Lorentz to "fix" it. And Lorentz just deliberately and arbitrarily integrated the entire energy
flow vector (containing both the tiny Poynting diverged component and the huge Heaviside curled component)
This neatly zeroes the curled giant Heaviside flow (positive going in, negative going out, no divergence, and so the
two sum to net zero) and leaves only the small Poynting energy flow component. Lorentz 'justified" such a dramatic
And electrodynamicists still use that procedure and that logical non sequitur argument to get rid of that troublesome
"...the Poynting vector is arbitrary to the extent that the curl of any vector field can be added to it. Such an added
term can, however, have no physical consequences. Hence it is customary to make the specific choice ..."[J. D.
Jackson, Classical Electrodynamics, Second Edition, Wiley, 1975, p. 237]. Note that at least Jackson clearly points
Jackson is correct in any SPECIAL RELATIVITY case. However, if we deliberately make the case GENERAL
RELATIVISTIC in a controlled manner, then Jackson's statement may be falsified for that particular system.
At any rate, this second fix by Lorentz in 1900 gave us our hoary old 1890s electrical engineering model, already
crippled and horribly mutilated, that (1) assumes there is no active vacuum medium at all (totally falsified by modern
physics during the 100 years or so intervening years) (2) assumes there exist no such thing as an asymmetrical EM
system (totally falsified since 1870's group theory and since Maxwell's theory), and (3) thus does not even permit
We can easily build the free EM energy wind source, anywhere, for peanuts! We just cannot build a proper "EM
energy wind WINDMILL system"!
It is sad and also very ironic. In a common generator, every joule of EM energy pouring out the terminals and
through space surrounding the external conductors, is freely and continually extracted from the seething local
internal vacuum energy by the proven broken symmetry of the source dipole. But our EEs have no knowledge of
that, and they never have. And, if our scientific institutes such as the NSF have their electrical way, they never will.
And every generator pours out a tremendous stream of both Poynting and Heaviside curled EM energy flows. Only
the very tiny diverged Poynting energy flow is accounted, thus assuming that we NEVER introduce and use
Tuesday, September 23, 2008
CompuServe:

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 649, "chars": 3999, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5 of 8
deliberately a proper general relativity situation.
Now let's see what actually happens when we crank the shaft of the generator (input mechanical shaft energy).
Well, this starts the shaft (and the rotor) to rotate. And -- COURTESY OF NIKOLA TESLA -- this rotation translates
the input mechanical shaft energy to internal rotating magnetic field energy. Rigorously, the definition of work is the
"change of form of some energy". And when some input energy is changed in form, then you still have the energy
left after the work is done (after the transformation is made), but just in another form now. You do not HAVE to lose
all the energy from the system (i.e., DISSIPATE it from the system).
So that's where the mechanical shaft input energy goes. It gives us the rotating magnetic field energy inside the
generator.
Okay. So then what happens to this "rotating magnetic field inside the generator?" NONE of it pours out of the
terminals and along through space outside the conductors. Instead, it is all DISSIPATED from the generator right
there, by doing mechanical work on the internal charges to force positive charges in one direction and negative
charges in another, thus FORMING THE INTERNAL SOURCE DIPOLE. And that is the end of the internal rotating
magnetic field energy, which is totally dissipated from the system after doing its work right there inside the
generator.
So all we do with the input mechanical shaft energy is FORM THE INTERNAL SOURCE DIPOLE, WITH ITS
PROVEN BROKEN SYMMETRY.
integrates it coherently into observable photons, and pours out a huge, steady, free flow of those observable EM
If we would then LEAVE THAT SOURCE DIPOLE INSIDE THE GENERATOR UNDISTURBED, it would never
have to be rebuilt again. And no more shaft rotation would be necessary. it would just sit there and freely pour out
Ah, but only an ASYMMETRIC electromagnetic system will "leave that source dipole alone, once made". And our
EEs always build a SYMMETRICAL circuit, where all the spent current in the external circuit (forward mmf region) is
driven back up through the back emf of the internal source dipole of the generator, scattering those separated
charges and destroying the dipole.
The rather inane symmetrical EM circuit thus deliberately uses half its collected free energy from the vacuum to
destroy its own source dipole that is furnishing that energy flow! The other half is used to "power" the losses and
loads in the external circuit. That means less than half gets into powering the load, but a full half is used to destroy
the source dipole inside the generator.
So the silly symmetrized EM electrical power circuit destroys its own source dipole faster than it powers its loads. It
thus self-enforces COP<1.0. It also forces us to continually pay to input more mechanical shaft energy to KEEP
RESTORING THE INTERNAL SOURCE DIPOLE.
So we either have to painfully take from our local active physical environment (solar radiation, wind flow energy,
water current flow energy, etc.) some energy to rotate that generator shaft, or else we have to continually consume
some fuel to provide us that energy input to rotate the shaft.
CRANKING THE SHAFT OF THE GENERATOR HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH DIRECTLY POWERING THE
LOAD. INSTEAD, IT HAS ONLY TO DO WITH CONTINUALLY RESTORING THE SOURCE DIPOLE INSIDE THE
GENERATOR, THAT OUR SILLY SYMMETRIZED CIRCUITS CONTINUALLY DESTROY FASTER THAN THEY
POWER THEIR LOADS.
For electrical power systems: All the hydrocarbons ever consumed, the nuclear fuel consumed, the wind power
utilized, the water current power utilized, or the solar radiation power utilized, have not added a single watt directly
to the power line to power the loads. All that mess has ever done, is to continually restore the source dipole, that
our own electrical engineers deliberately build the entire symmetrized EM power system to continually destroy faster
than they power their loads.
So here is my fervent suggestion:
Tuesday, September 23, 2008 CompuServe

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2381, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 6 of 8
Heaviside-Lorentz equations by removing the symmetry condition. [For direct rigorous proof that removing that
Lorentz symmetry condition allows electromagnetic systems that have free energy currents in their vacuum and can
use them for COP>1.0 or -- with clamped positive feedback -- for self-powering systems, see M.W. Evans et al.,
Vol. 61, 2000, p. 513-517].
We already have higher-group-symmetry models of electrodynamics in physics, but they are used in particle
physics etc., never in electrical engineering. Also, our physicists have been conditioned to believe that it is a bit
dirty stuff! For that, go see those crazy electrical engineers; they do itẠại
And when you speak to the electrical engineers, most have never even read or seen Maxwell's actual theory. Most
have little knowledge of the history of development of their own model. And they are NOT taught group theory
usually, so they really have little knowledge of what one is talking about when one says "symmetrical system versus
works, doesn't it?i
Well, if one really wishes to have insight into physical systems, then group theory gives the greatest insight
possible. Quoting Nobelists Feynman and Weinberg:
"It is increasingly clear that the symmetry group of nature is the deepest thing that we understand about nature
Press, Cambridge, 1999, p. 73].
And the answer to the EEs remark, of course, is that no, my TV set doesn't work FREELY, because it does not take
its input energy freely and directly from the local vacuum! Instead, I have to keep paying for its external energy input
which often is from very "dirty" and polluting generating sources, etc.
The eerie truth is that every EM system there is now and that there ever has been, takes ALL its EM energy directly
from the vacuum already. Every joule of observable EM energy in the universe is and has been extracted directly
from the seething vacuum by the applicable source dipole or source charge.
We know that very well in modern physics. It isn't known in electrical engineering at all, since the EE model has no
active medium or active vacuum even assumed.
long-neglected ASYMMETRIC Maxwellian &Windmill" type systems? And thus providing totally clean EM energy for
problem.
accomplished! And may heaven help you succeed in your noble efforts!
From:
23, 2008 1:27 PM
To:
Subject:
Dr. Steven Greer: Redefining Alternative Energy
