{"created_utc": "2026-10-07T23:32:07Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11131493, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304185706008850, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/123930-tom-bearden-united-states-chinese-meg-device.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540979440000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/123930-tom-bearden-united-states-chinese-meg-device.pdf", "source_sha256": "04e6bf2f5b03348ab7554b7c9e92f4c9f42dbd8c46438be30d170aa590492570"}

Page 1 of 6


Subj:       Fwd: =?iso-8859-7?Q?RE:_FW:_Chinese_inventor_demonstrates_working_zero-point_e?=
            =?iso-8859-7?Q?nergy=A0_device.?=
Date:       1/28/2007 7:42:28 PM Eastern Standard Ti
From:


Hi        Thanks for the good news. It sound like a good idea to me. I'll let Steve answer his own thoughts. And may
this be the year of the start of changes and I hope not too late....


In a message dated 1/28/07 1:34:58 PM, s


Forwarded Message:
Subj:     =?iso-8859-7?Q?RE:_FW:_Chinese_inventor_demonstrates_working_zero-point_e?=
          =?iso-8859-7?Q?nergy=A0_device.?=
Date:     1/28/2007 1:34:58 PM Eastern Standard Time


Hi

Happy 2007 to you also, and hang in there!

I don't know how to contact him, but am hoping the Chinese go ahead with EFTV and get those units out there —
particularly the 200 they apparently plan to take to the UN and give one working model to each member nation.

CLOSE HOLD.
     we have rebuilt our MEG (the last working model had been inadvertently destroyed by a funding partner, four
days after they took it over) and now we again have a beautifully working system (COP varies from 4.0 to 7.0). We
have completed some financial negotiations for funding by two additional major funding partners, once their own
major funds are released to them (of all things. by the UN, since it is UN funds and large UN projects the funding
partners use and perform). Once that occurs (hopefully in the very near future), we intend to quietly invite a carefully
selected group of folks that we trust, to come in and check all our instrumentation, our measurements, etc. We are
now using state-of-the-art Tektronix sampling and calculating scopes, with calculation software approved by the
IEEE. These calculating state-of-the-art scopes are standard usage in many major laboratories worldwide. All
channels are simultaneously sampled, measured, and calculated, giving us both the apparent power and the true
power, as well as average true power, etc., continually in all channels and at precisely the same sampling times.

When we get our own funds, I think        plans to invite                     , e.g., down and we may even be able
to pay for your trip expenses. We wish some trustworthy and honest, sincere folks such as you,
                                  etc. to see this thing and meticulously examine it and measure it right there,


                              Tuesday, January 30, 2007
                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 6

seeing everything. We would ask you to certify in writing what you saw and did: type instrumentation, connections,
test procedures, specific test results, etc. If it's bad, you would certify those results. If it's good, you would certify
those results.

We are anticipating major suppression moves being made against the MEG (and perhaps against us as
individuals), and any and all other legitimate US EFTV systems, to try to prevent their final development and
production. So in the interim, we want to show the "good guys" exactly what we have and what we are doing and
have done. We already have the largest array of formal technical papers published on the MEG, in the hard science
literature, as compared to what little exists on other legitimate EFTV units.

We are trying to insure that, even if something should happen to all of us here, the MEG itself will endure and others
will at least know how to go about developing it and using the Aharonov-Bohm process for excess energy.

Please let me know how you feel about that intention, and how                   r feels about it also. END OF CLOSE
HOLD.

Very best wishes,


P.S. Here are some of the technical citations on papers dealing with the MEG.

S                                                                                                y, "Motionless
Electromagnetic Generator," U.S. Patent # 6,362,718, Mar. 26, 2002. First patent on the motionless
electromagnetic generator.

M. W. Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T. E. Bearden et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
with O(3) Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 14(1), Feb. 2001, p. 87-94. ". . .the fundamental
operational principle of the MEG is explained using a version of higher symmetry electrodynamics known as O(3)
electrodynamics, which . . . has been developed extensively in the literature. The theoretical explanation of the MEG
with O(3) electrodynamics is straightforward: Magnetic energy is taken directly ex vacua and used to replenish the
permanent magnets of the MEG device, which therefore produces a source of energy that, in theory, can be
replenished indefinitely from the vacuum. Such a result is incomprehensible in U(1) Maxwell-Heaviside
electrodynamics."

M. W. Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T. E. Bearden et al., "Explanation of the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator
by Sachs's Theory of Electrodynamics," Foundations of Physics Letters, 14(4), 2001, p. 387-393.

M. W. Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T. E. Bearden et al., "The Aharonov-Bohm Effect as the Basis of Electromagnetic
Energy Inherent in the Vacuum," Foundations of Physics Letters, 15(6), Dec. 2002, p. 561-568.

T. E. Bearden, "Extracting and Using Electromagnetic Energy from the Active Vacuum," in M. W. Evans (ed.),
Modern Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3 vols., Wiley, 2001; Vol. 2, p. 639-698.

T. E. Bearden, "Energy from the Active Vacuum: The Motionless Electromagnetic Generator," in M. W. Evans (Ed.),
Modern Nonlinear Optics, Second Edition, 3-vols., Wiley, 2001; Vol. 2, p. 699-776.

M. W. Evans, T. E. Bearden, and A. Labounsky, "The Most General Form of the Vector Potential in
Electrodynamics." Foundations of Physics Letters, 15(3), June 2002, p. 245-261.

T. E. Bearden, Enerqy from the Vacuum: Concepts and Principles, Cheniere Press, Santa Barbara, CA, 2002, 977
p.; Chapter 7. Aharonov-Bohm Effect, Geometric Phase. and the Motionless Electromagnetic Generator.

T. E. Bearden, "Engineering the Active Vacuum: On the Asymmetrical Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Magnetic Vector
Potential A vs. Magnetic Field B," available at link
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/On%20the%20Aharonov-Bohm%20Effect1.doc .
To see how the ordinary symmetrical system kills its own source, and also to see what actually powers the external
circuit in a generator-powered system, see Figure 2. Operation of a Symmetrical Electrical Power System.

A 30+ page paper that details the many serious falsities in the CEM/EE model is at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/CEM%20Errors%20-%20final%20paper%20complete%20w%20longer%20abstrE
 References showing rigorous theoretical proof that Lorentz symmetrical regauging arbitrarily eliminates all those
asymmetric Maxwellian systems that can and will produce energy from the vacuum are cited in the footnotes for the
abstract page. These references also prove that eliminating the Lorentz symmetry condition does result in real EM


                               Tuesday, January 30, 2007
                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 6

energy currents from the vacuum and into the system for free. So in 1892 Lorentz arbitrarily discarded all the
asymmetrical Maxwellian systems, including those that freely take their excess energy from the vacuum, just to get
simpler equations easier to algebraically solve. He gave us only that class of systems that self-destroy their own
energy extraction from the vacuum, faster than they power their loads.

Letter from National Science Foundation, showing the "Errors and Omissions. . ." paper passed NSF review.
http://www.cheniere.orq/references/NSF%201etter%20Bearden.ipq

K. Moore, M. Stockton, and T. Bearden, "Electromagnetic Energy from the Vacuum: System Efficiency                   and
Coefficient of Performance (COP) of Symmetric and Asymmetric Maxwellian Systems," Available from
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/COPvsEFF23.pdf .

For formal correction of the long-flawed old second law of equilibrium thermodynamics, see T. E. Bearden,
"Leyton's Hierarchies Of Symmetry: Solution to the Major Asymmetry Problem of Thermodynamics," available at
http://www.cheniere.org/techpapers/Fact Sheets/Fact%20Sheet%20-%20Leyton%20Hierarchies%20of%20Symmetn
 This paper also discusses the necessary change from the very old 1872 Klein geometry to the much more modern
Leyton geometry, which is necessary for explanation of the source charge's continuous emission of real observable
EM energy without any observable energy input.

In the hard physics literature, rigorous proof that eliminating the arbitrary Lorentz condition provides systems having
free additional energy currents from the vacuum is given by M. W. Evans, P. K. Anastasovski, T. E. Bearden et al.,
"Classical Electrodynamics without the Lorentz Condition: Extracting Energy from the Vacuum." Physica Scripta,
Vol. 61, 2000, p. 513 -517.

G H Jadhav, "Classical electrodynamics without the Lorentz condition: ideal square wave electric field", Physica
Scripta, Volume 74, Number 2, August 2006, p. 187-189. Abstract. "It is shown that the Lorentz condition can be
discarded on potentials by introduction of an electric scalar field into the Maxwell's equations. This results in the
appearance of space-charge and current fluctuations in the vacuum. These extra charges, unlike the usual
charges, are time-dependent in nature. The non-conserved part of the charge density then causes production of the
electric scalar field which further contributes to the electric and magnetic vector fields. This contribution then makes
it possible to create an ideal square wave electric vector field from an exponentially rising and decaying charge."

Dilip Kondepudi and Ilya Prigogine, Modern Thermodynamics: From Heat Engines to Dissipative Structures, Wiley.
New York, 1998, reprinted with corrections 1999. Areas known to violate the old second law are given on p. 459.
One area is strong gradients (as used in the MEG) and another is memory of materials (as used in the MEG in the
nanocrystalline core materials and layered crystalline structures to invoke the Aharonov-Bohm effect). We strongly
comment that these known, recognized mechanisms allow macroscopic and significant violations of the Second
Law that are directly usable in real systems and circuits.

"One aspect is common to all these nonequilibrium situations, the appearance of long-range coherence.
Macroscopically distinct parts become correlated. This is in contrast to equilibrium situations where the range of
correlations is determined by short-range molecular forces. As a result. situations which are impossible to realize at
equilibrium become possible in far-from-equilibrium situations. This leads to important applications in a variety of
fields. [Dilip Kondepudi and Ilya Prigogine, Modern Thermodynamics: From Heat Engines to Dissipative Structures,
Wiley, Chichester, 1998, p. xii.]

 "Equilibrium thermodynamics was an achievement of the nineteenth century, nonequilibrium thermodynamics was
developed in the twentieth century, and Onsager's relations mark a crucial point in the shift of interest away from
equilibrium to nonequilibrium. . . . due to the flow of entropy, even close to equilibrium, irreversibility can no more be
identified with the tendency to disorder. . . [since it can] . . . produce both disorder . . . and order..." [Dilip Kondepudi
and Ilya Prigogine, Modern Thermodynamics: From Heat Engines to Dissipative Structures, Wiley, Chichester,
1998, p. xv.]

Cross, M. C. and P. C. Hohenberg, "Pattern formation outside of equilibrium." Reviews of Modern Physics, 65(3),
July 1993, p. 851-1112. Essentially a graduate level textbook on self-organization of systems not in equilibrium.
Includes a bibliography of several hundred references.

"... the concept of a 'single particle' actually breaks down in relativistic quantum field theory with interactions,
because the interactions between 'the particle' and the vacuum fluctuations (or virtual quanta) cannot be ignored."
[I. J. R. Aitchison, "Nothing's Plenty: The Vacuum in Modern Quantum Field Theory," Contemporary Physics, 26(4),
1985, p. 357.].


                                Tuesday, January 30, 2007
                                                                                                                    Page 4 of 6


Subject: Re: FW: Chinese inventor demonstrates working zero-point energy device.

           Happy New Year and thanks for the information below. Do you have any information on how to contact the
Chinese inventor to sign for demonstration/testing?
Any thoughts?


In a message dated 1/27/07 5:21:11 PM,


Subject: RE: Chinese inventor demonstrates working zero-point energy device.


Looks as if the Chinese may just give a free model to each of the 200 nations belonging to the UN.
Ha! That would put EFfV on record with a vengeancel
Hope they do exactly that! Solves our little task of having a demonstrator in the hands of lots of key folks.
Cheers,


 u ject: FW: Chinese inventor demonstrates working zero-point energy device.


                              Tuesday, January 30, 2007    CompuServe
b                                                                                                                              Page 5 of 6


Thought you may want to know. In addition to Japan & India, who have working prototype ZPE devices, we may now add
China.

Best regards,


Subject: Chinese inventor demonstrates working zero-point energy device.

Running neck-and-neck with Ireland's Steorn Development, California's Magnetic Power, Inc. and dozens of others in the race
to produce a marketable Zero-Point energy source, a Chinese group has just announced their entry: The Wang Shum Ho
generator.

If this type of technology proves viable, cheap, easily scaled up and politically acceptable, the end of the fossil-fuel era (well,
the *fuel* era) could be near. Since it would be highly disruptive to Big Oil and Big Coal, its successful introduction would
probably hinge on some kind of pragmatic strategy that would minimize economic dislocation at all levels of those industries.
Obviously the potential is there for huge (and very green) manufacturing industries to eventually arise around this technology,
worldwide, which could employ increasing numbers of former fossil-fuel workers. The petroleum industry could then refocus
itself on what it, uniquely, can provide: petroleum-derived materials.

=d=

Thanks to


http: //www.zpenergy.com/modules.php?name=News&file=article&s id=2206

China -A New Entry in the Magnetic Conversion of Zero Point Energy Has Surfaced!

Posted on Wednesday, January 24, 2007 @ 23:00:09 PST by vlad

The Wang Shum Ho Prototype Electricity Generator was reportedly demonstrated to five Chinese Officials on Jan 15, 2007.


                                 Tuesday, January 30, 2007
J                                                                                                                             Page 6 of 6


                    a colleague of the inventor, has said the plan is to initially build four 5kW working units. One of these will
be located in Beijing, another in Hong Kong and the third one at the United Nations in New York The fourth unit is to serve as
a portable demonstration device. All will be made available to universities for academic validation.

Then, 200 more will be produced. They intend to present one of these to each member country of the United Nations, as a gift
from China. Mass production may begin in 2008.

         as written: Devices of this nature are ?converting the electromagnetic wave energy that surrounds us all the time.
Some call this Zero Point Energy. That energy is due to the rotational motion of the electrons. Unless the electrons stop
spinning and fall into the nucleus, that electromagnetic energy exists.?

Tseung states: L The World Energy Crisis is effectively over. L:.

(Thanks to               , Chairman & CEO, Magnetic Power Inc./Room Temperature Superconductors Inc., for the news).


                                 Tuesday, January 30, 2007
