{"created_utc": "2026-09-06T23:32:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 127584, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304192274425475, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124078-ufo-bob-lazar-review-scott-schone-july-31-1992.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540991990000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124078-ufo-bob-lazar-review-scott-schone-july-31-1992.pdf", "source_sha256": "d270a1be413424ab2594a85ba0b45eae79108a8f593f33c9ae2595309cb4ae28"}

PRODIGY(R) interactive personal service          07/31/92       10:ti6 AM

         HOMELIFE
TOPIC:   OUTDOOR HOBBIES
TIME:    07/30 6:51 PM

TO:      ALL
FROM:    SCOTT SCHONE   (MHRC3 A)
SUBJECT: UFO-BOB LAZAR REVIEW

Note #2
my knowledge is not extensive in some of these areas and I
can very easily be wrong.   I do have a scientific background
(Chemist) supplemented by self-training in other scientific
areas. (Translation--I read a lot of scientific books &
magazines)
 A. "Gravity Wave Guide"

      There is nothing known, theorized, or allowable in our
science that will channel gravity.   If it can channel
gravity,, then it should also shield against or block
gravity. The material of this waveguide would be as
wondrous and miraculous as element 115 ever was. It is an
interesting, but otherwise unlikely, concept.
 B. "...7000 MPH Saucers"

     Wouldn't this velocity heat and ionize the air, create
a huge, destructive sonic boom and create a visible trail of
superheated, ionized air trail miles long? Note that this
is not the "instantly there" gravity bending time and space
propulsion technology. This velocity was supposedly
measured by radar.
 C. "..antimatter reactor allows the spaceships to produce
their own gravity fields"


     This technology is beyond understanding for us.   We
have absolutely no control over gravity except through the
obvious one of manipulating massive objects. We can't
generate it, direct it,, stop it, mediate it, or amplify it.
 This is equivalent to talking about ghosts or magic.   I
don't really think they exist, but I'm not 100% sure.   In
any case, wondrous capabilities which are just out of reach
of our science makes me very suspicious.
 D. "Gravity distorts time & space"

     Yes it does.  Gravity bends space and slows down time.
 Black holes bends space completely around it.  Kind of like
an infinitely deep well (gravity well). Time in a black
hole apparently stops.
     The use of gravity to fold space and manipulate it so
you can travel to distant areas sounds plausible. But, it
is not a reasonable extension of known science. Just
another wondrous, magical capability of the alien technology
F'RODIGY(R) interactive personal service        07/: 1/92      1037 AM

that's out of reach for us.
     As far as the scientific community not buying it, of
course not. They deal in facts and there is no present way
that this can be established as facts. Do you want your tax
dollars being spent chasing dreams. (Sometimes they do) If
so, who gets to determine the dream to chase. Senator Joe
Plow may want to study the energy content of thoughts of the
African tape worm.
 E. "Element 115...has to come from a place where super
heavy elements could be produced naturally."

     There are only three know places for producing elements
naturally. These are (1) The Big Pang, (2) Center of
Stars(up to Iron) and (.T) Supernova (Heavy elements). The
reference to binary stars being a place for element 115
production doesn't make sense. Binary stars have no "heavy
element" production capability greater than any other star
of similar size. Besides, heavy elements greater than Iron"
r.


      PRODIGY(S) interactive personal service        07/1/92        10:48 AM

               HOMELIFE
      TOPIC:   OUTDOOR HOBBIES
      TIME:    07/30 7:56 PM

     TO:      ALL
     FROM:    SCOTT SCHONE   (MHRC33A)
     SUBJECT: UFO-BOB LAZAR REVIEW

     Note (#3
     than any other star of similar size. Besides, heavy
     elements greater than Iron must be synthesized in
     "Supernova" explosions. Being in the vicinity of a supernova
     doesn't count. This casts a little doubt, in my mind, about
     Mr. Lazar's claim to being a Physicist.
          Once created, lab or supernova, a stable element does
     not depend on heaviness (weight) to exist. Note that Lazar
     says we have some here on earth. Mr. Lazar says that the
     element is stable, but then says that it is kept in lead
     lined chambers. This would only be required if it was
     radioactive and not 100% stable. But if it is radioactive,
     it must not be greatly so since (from another source) I
     learn that he stole a small amount of it and brought it
     home. If it was no less stable than Uranium (which is
     slightly radioactive), then the supernova(s) which created
     the heavy elements of the earth itself would have produced
     significant quantities of element 115 which would not have
     completely decayed. Significant stores of Uranium are still
     with us. We have not found a trace of element 115.
          Incidentally, gravity plays no direct roll in producing
     heavy elements. Gravity is very weak and is insignificant in
     the nucleus of atoms. The strong and weak nuclear forces
     control atomic nuclei. Gravity does have a secondary roll
     in producing the conditions that create elements. That is,
     heat & pressure in the center of stars.
      F. "By bombarding element 115 with protons, antimatter is
     produced"
          Potentially the most damaging of the scientific
     revelations. Antimatter is never made by changing matter
     into antimatter. Nature apparently does not work that way.
     Good thing too since if it did, this universe would be a
     universe of energy only. Antimatter must be created out of
     the energy of collisions between particles. To create large
     amounts of antimatter requires large amounts of energy,
     probably more than the energy you get back when you react it
     with ordinary matter. Really no net gain. In other words,
     the energy o₹ producing antimatter from element 115 must
     come from the energy of the proton bombardment. Now, where
     do you get the energy to produce the high velocity protons.
      I say high velocity because the energy would have to come
     from the kinetic energy of the protons. Once again Lazar
     seems to have fallen down in his physics.


     PRODIGY(R) interactive personal service        07/31/92        10:48 AM

           In summary, it seems that Mr. Lazar proposes a number
     of highly improbable scientific principles and a few that
     present science say are simply wrong. On the other hand,
     some of the science is plausible, requiring some knowledge
     of physics.   I really don't know what to make of all this.
     It is very intriguing and very mysterious.   I cannot say
     that it is all hogwash although it may be. Neither can I
     say that it has the ring of truth. There are to❑ many
     inconsistences. Until and unless further revelations and
     evidence is forthcoming, this must remain (along with
     ghosts. ESP, psychic phenomena, etc) an intriguing.
     indecipherable puzzle.
           Finally. I am not an expert on "Private Detective"
     work. Therefore, I do not wish to get deeply involved in the
     controversal question of whether Lazar or other "revealers"
     are .who they say they are or are ,misinformers, kooks, etc.
      I will leave that to others who know more about such thing"
