{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T22:09:39Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7624784, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124013-clifford-stone-why-and-whither-part-2-december-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "bedebd1fd3ed66a46662d3b1538ddc2bba1e0edc634aaefcdddc1317e17393e6"}

7.2.3 Directed-Energy Weapons
As an outgrowth of space-access and long-range hypersonic aircraft technology, the potential
exists to develop a hypersonic DE weapon. When aircraft fly at hypersonic speeds, significant
levels of kinetic energy exist in the flowfield. For an airplane of typical size with a free-stream
capture area of 30 m Z flying at a dynamic pressure of 0.5 atm, the kinetic energy per second
entering the airplane at Mach 10 and Mach 15 is 4.4 gigawatts and 6.7 gigawatts, respectively.
Use of an MHD power—generation system coupled to the propulsion system offers the possibility
to access a portion of the kinetic energy for generating onboard electrical power. Ground-based
MHD power—generation systems have demonstrated the ability to extract up to 3 percent of the
flow energy. For the flight power generation, accessing only 1 percent of the energy would
correspond to 44 MW and 67 MW for the Mach 10 and 15 examples.
The principal questions concerning onboard electrical power generation are related to
(a) integration of the power generation system within the propulsive flowpath, (b) the magnetic
field generation, and (c) generation and sustainment of the flow electrical conductivity.
The energy extraction system can be incorporated into the propulsive flowpath in the inlet,
combustor, or nozzle. When incorporated into the inlet, the flow deceleration that occurs as part
of the energy extraction can be made part of the inlet compression process. The flow within the
inlet is relatively cold, so the sustainment of adequate electrical conductivity presents a particular
challenge to this approach. Placement of the energy extraction system in either the combustor or
nozzle avoids many of the electrical conductivity problems, since the flow temperature is high
and fluid injection (for a potential seed system) is already in place. In all cases, the extraction of
flow energy from the propulsive stream results in a degradation of the engine cycle efficiency,
although this degradation can be small.
Two options exist for the generation of the magnetic field. The first involves incorporation of
permanent magnets. Conventional ceramic ferrites are inexpensive and corrosion resistant, but
possess a Curie temperature of 450°C, so if they are used for the permanent. magnets, they must
be highly cooled. (The Curie temperature is the point at which "permanent" magnets lose their
magnetic properties.) Rare earth magnets, such as samarium-cobalt (Sm2Co17) with a Curie
temperature of 825°C, offer higher temperature capability but require coating to prevent
significant oxidation. The second option is to use superconducting electromagnets, which
require cooling to liquid helium temperatures but allow for the generation of higher magnetic
field strengths.
For the extraction of electrical power using MHD, the flow must be electrically conducting (that
is, ionized). The natural ionization within the hypersonic flowfields is insufficient to produce
acceptable conductivity, so an artificial means of raising the conductivity must be employed.
Seeded and unseeded options exist. In the seeded option, an easily ionized material is injected
and mixed into the flow. Typical seed materials are sodium, potassium, and cesium. For energy
extraction in the inlet system, the flow is unlikely to be at a sufficient temperature for the seeded
system to produce adequate ionization. For extraction systems that are incorporated within or
downstream of the combustion process, the seeded system should produce adequate
conductivity.
The unseeded systems use some means to increase the number of free electrons within the
flowfield. Direct injection of the electrons through the use of an e-beam is the most energetically


                                                 94
efficient means for producing the required level of ionization, although injection of the a-beam
into the flowpath presents significant technical challenges. Creation of free electrons through
high-frequency or microwave discharges can also lead to sufficient electrical conductivity.
The technology associated with plasma generation and MELD power extraction may also lead to
significant improvements in vehicle aerodynamics and propulsion system efficiency. As
previously discussed, plasma aerodynamic and MHD flow control offer the potential for drag
reduction, lift enhancement, boundary-layer control, and heat-transfer reduction. Despite the
immaturity of this technology, there is potential for high payoff in military weapon systems, and
this research merits S&T funding until it is better understood.
7.2.3.1 HighEnergy Laser
This weapon concept is based on a fiber-amplified phased-array system. A design concept based
on MHD power generation is to drive a maximum power level of 10 MW in a single-laser
weapon for offensive applications. The power can also be used to drive multiple, smaller-power
laser and microwave systems for other operational requirements.
The concept for directed energy being considered within this study is,described in Figure 49.
Missions for the DE weapon are numerous and include kill of
   •   Satellites (hard kill to 1 to 2 mm; soft kill of sensors possible to (iEO)
   •   Boosting missiles (such as the ABL)
   •   Aircraft (on the ground and in the air)
   •   Miscellaneous ground targets (for example, buildings, vehicles, vegetation, and fuel depots)
   •   Electronic warfare
   •   Electrical power generation and distribution system attack
Advantages of solid-state lasers for DE weapon applications are their few moving components,
no messy or hazardous chemicals, a scaling potential to megawatts of power, and leverage of the
communications industry. The panel was briefed on a heat-capacity laser being developed at
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory at the kilowatt power level for the Army. Apparently
little is required for atmospheric compensation, given that the laser would fly well above the
sensible atmosphere (that is, above turbulence, scatter, and light absorption). However, beam
control to get the energy on target and to hold it there is still required for most targets and is
nontrivial.
DE weapons are beginning to come of age in the Air Force. The ABL is now in its pre-EMI)
phase, anticipating lethal capability against boosting TBMs after 2005. The ABL system
comprises essentially all the components necessary for an airborne DE weapon, including target
acquisition, a high-power laser, a beam control system, pointing and tracking, and aimpoint
maintenance. It will be, without peer, the most complex optical system ever flown in the air or
in space.
The laser alone does not constitute a DE weapon system but requires beam control, including
acquisition, propagation (possible adaptive optics), pointing and tracking, aimpoint selection and
maintenance, and damage assessment. The principal advantage of a hypersonic aircraft platform
is its high altitude (approximately 30 km), above atmospheric effects of turbulence, absorption,
and scattering. This is great for shooting at satellites and boosting missiles; however, there will


                                                  95
be atmospheric effects on the beam propagated to targets in the atmosphere, and these effects
might be uncorrectable (because of the aberrations in the far field). Significant scattering of
energy out of the beam will occur for targets near the ground and for long atmospheric paths
(shallow Earth-grazing angles).


                                                                                    40 W/cm2
                                                                                       1.3 Mm    10 W/cm?
                                                                                                    2.6 Mm
                                                               SATEWTES (25 s)
                                     1M


                                          SATELLITES (2-5 s)

                                                        400 Wlcm2
                                                          411 km
                    2 MW output power
                   Beam Oust. = 1.3 XOL
                    1.5 pm wavelength
                         O=1.4m
                         No losses

                                                                    BOOSTING MISSILES (5-10 s)   horizon +10 km


                                            Figure 49. Microwave Weapons

7.2.3.2 High-Power Microwave (HPM) Weapons
Considerable progress has been made in the past several years in the ability to generate and
project HPMs. Gigawatt peak powers (average powers of tens of kilowatts) at frequencies from
hundreds of megahertz to several gigahertz with a variety of waveforms have been achieved and
reproduced. Today such powers are produced from various klystron configurations and
projected from classical horn antennas. There is research into solid-state power generation and
phased-array antennas, which could make platform integration more practical. Initial tests of
effects and propagation have formed the basis for deriving system concepts. A particular
challenge is to assess the damage to the target when only electronic upset or damage has
occurred. At present, however, useful HPM sources are extremely heavy and bulky.
Foreseeable efficiencies of HPM generators of a few percent means that input powers in
megawatts will be required. There will also be considerable power conditioning required,
depending on the output waveform used.


                                                                          96
HPMs penetrate a target by two primary means: front door and back door. Front door refers to
entry through existing apertures in the target, such as antennas. Back door refers to penetration
through coupling to discontinuities in the target structure, such as cracks and holes. There are
important ramifications of these multiple-entry modes. First, they greatly complicate the
analytical prediction of microwave effects, and second, they are very hard to counter. Therefore,
jamming and spoofing of tactical missiles are important applications for HPM. The interaction is
primarily with the electronics of the missile and not with the seeker front end (as is usually the
case with lasers). It should be reasonable to get effective interaction at ranges of about a
kilometer.
Two additional features make HPMs attractive for ground-target attack. First is the ability of
HPMs to propagate through most weather conditions. Second is the beam spread, which
somewhat relieves target pointing and tracking requirements (but at the expense of higher power
to get a given influence on a target).
It is possible to combine the HPM concept with the proven technologies of precision munitions.
The notion is to expand the range at which damage to electronic systems occurs beyond the
range damaged by the precision munition. The HPM pulse can be produced either explosively or
by conventional means. Such a specialized application weapon might be particularly attractive
for targets that require careful attack to prevent collateral damage (for example, a hospital next to
a command center).
I-1PM propagation through the plasma around a hypersonic vehicle may cause undesirable effects
on the vehicle, the beam, or both. No significant research has been attempted in this area.
7.2.4 Hypersonic Missile Applications          t
The technology for an airbreathing-powered space-access system can support the development of
an affordable hypersonic missile system. Several technical considerations in implementing the
missile solutions are recommended in Section 6.2.
7.2.4.1 Rocket Versus Airbreathers
One major consideration is the use of rocket versus airbreathing engines in very high-speed
missiles. Long-range rockets will have either single or multiple stages and will require
significant improvements over existing systems in propellant loading fractions. Airbreathing
hypersonic missiles will likely be two-stage systems with a rocket-boosted first stage and a
hydrocarbon-fueled dual-mode scramjet engine to power the second stage. This scramjet engine
will have significant technological overlap with that required for a storable propellant
airbreathing launch system. Only through rigorous systems engineering studies coupled with
near-term NASA and DARPA flight-test data will the optimum missile configuration be
selected.
Considerable data exist on the use of rockets in missiles, and the development of a new rocket-
based system could proceed with relatively low risk. Most improvements would be evolutionary
rather than revolutionary. Usually, rocket engines in missiles are used for quick acceleration,
high speed, and short range. One the other hand, data are limited on hypersonic airbreathing
engines for missile applications, but the potential exists for extended range, in-flight target
redirection, maneuverability for enhancement of survivability, and throttle control for tailoring
the trajectory to sensor or submunition requirements.


                                                   97
Technology improvements will allow extended range for both rocket-propelled missiles and
high-speed airbreathing missiles. With operation at high speeds and higher altitudes (more than
100,000 ft), the enemy's ability to defend targets will be complicated and could compensate for a
potential loss of effectiveness of stealth over time (that is, the enemy could develop more-
capable radar systems or use infrared detection and tracking systems or multimode sensor
systems).
Rockets and airbreathing missiles also fly significantly different trajectories. Rockets, which fly
either ballistic or boost-glide trajectories, operate at very high altitudes compared to the high-
altitude cruise trajectory of an airbreathing missile.
7.2.4.2 C°ISR Infrastructure to Support a Hypersonic Missile
A second consideration is the current and future C4ISR infrastructure capability. According to
Air Combat Command, the current C4ISR for air-to-ground missions requires hours to days to
adequately locate, identify, and target targets. In that type of environment, the speed advantage
of hypersonic missiles cannot be effectively utilized, particularly against TCTs. Significant
upgrades to C4ISR would be required to hit TCTs. These upgrades would include more-capable
sensors (possibly including SBR or unmanned combat air vehicle—based sensors), more-
integrated communications systems to distribute time-sensitive information (for example, the
exact location of a target), and quickened decision-making processes for these time-sensitive
targets. Search and identification times of 3 to 4 minutes would likely be necessary to take
advantage of hypersonic speeds. Such timelines have already been realized in the SAM
environment, although that process is not nearly as complicated as that of air-to-surface. The
effects of a hypersonic missile in a greatly improved C4ISR environment were tested in
wargames (for example, Global Engagement V in June 2000 and futures wargames for the past
2 years), and wargame commanders found the hypersonic weapon to be highly effective.
There is some question about the relative timing of the improved C4ISR and hypersonic missile
technologies. Should these efforts be sequential or simultaneous? One school of thought says the
C4ISR issues should be solved before hypersonic approaches are even considered. Another
school says that both technologies must be worked together to allow a quicker fielding of a
greatly improved Air Force TCT kill capability:
If the C4ISR structure cannot precisely locate a TCT, it greatly increases the complexity of the
missile system. A seeker and an advanced, high-speed flight control would have to be included
in the system, or a means to dispense, at hypersonic speeds, a low-speed seeker system (such as
Low-Cost Autonomous Attack Submunition) would need to be refined. Neither approach is
easy.
7.2.4.3 Launch Platformsfor Hypersonic Missiles
A third consideration is launch platforms. Bombers (the B-52, B-1, and B-2) are the logical
choice for a launch platform for a hypersonic missile. The choice of a single platform would set
weight restrictions, which would consequently set a range restriction. Modifications to the
aircraft could be used to increase the weight restrictions—but that would add cost, especially if a
large fleet were chosen. Internal carriage also sets restrictions on the dimensions of the missile
and the number of missiles that could be carried. Other platforms, such as fighters, Navy
aircraft, and shipboard carriage, could be used. In general these alternatives have lower carriage


                                                 98
capability and hence would provide shorter ranges. Additional platforms, however, might help
justify larger production quantities, which would. lower production unit costs.
7.2.4.4 Survivability
Through a combination of speed, altitude (greater than 100,000 ft), and low observability,
hypersonic missiles provide a very difficult target for intercept, and thus possess a certain level
of inherent survivability, but existing advanced systems may already have and future systems are
likely to have enough capability that this speed and altitude alone will not guarantee survival.
Through a combination of RCS-reduction technology, maneuverability, and tactics, a hypersonic
missile is envisioned to present an extremely difficult target for future intercept systems.
7.2.4.5 Range and Cost Considerations
To cover all the scenarios for the release of a weapon from outside the enemy's territorial
boundary a 1,500-mile range is needed. The worst-case scenario would be an attack against the
Russian landmass." A range of 750 miles would be an adequate standoff range for many
scenarios, including ones involving Iraq and China. Current and planned long-range missiles
have production costs of $300,000 to $1 million in large quantities. The DARPA ARRMD goal
of $200,000 in production costs would make it competitive economically with all planned long-
range missiles.

7.3 Prioritized Technology Needs
Given the assessments of the required technologies, together with the state of the art, a high-level
prioritization of the technologies has been generated.
7.3.1 Hypersonic Propulsion System
Airbreathing space-access vehicles will use either a hydrocarbon or hydrogen-fueled dual-mode
scramjet engine for airbreathing engine operation at speeds above approximately Mach 3.. The
principal technology needs associated with hypersonic dual-mode scramjet propulsion systems
are (a) ignition, flame holding, and heat-release control at a Mach greater than 3 but less than 5;
(b) highly efficient low-drag fuel injection and mixing schemes at hypersonic speeds;
(c) integration of the engine thermal protection system and fuel feed system at a Mach greater
than 6; (d) and generation of high-fidelity weight models for the engine and propellant feed
systems.
7.3.2 Low-Speed Propulsion Systems
For space-access applications, the selection of the propulsion system for operation at speeds
between takeoff and Mach 4 can significantly affect the vehicle operational capabilities. The
two principal candidates for the low-speed propulsion system are the TBCC propulsion system,
which requires a dual flowpath configuration, and the RBCC propulsion system, which can be
integrated into a single propulsion flowpath.


 Cruise Missiles: Technology, Strategy, Politics, ed. Richard K. Betts, Washington, DC: Brookings Institution,
 1981, p. 42.


                                                       99
For the TBCC propulsion system, the principal technology questions concern (a) integration of
the air inlet system with the requirement for high performance, low distortion, and minimum
weight, and (b) integration of the turbine engine exhaust with the main vehicle nozzle.
For the RBCC propulsion system, the principal technology questions concern (a) development of
high-performance ejector schemes that maximize pumping efficiency with minimum losses,
(b) development of low-cost primary ejector concepts, and (c) investigation of the transition
process from RBCC operation to ramjet-scramjet operation at the lowest possible Mach number.
Several additional propulsive cycles have been proposed for the low-speed system for space-
access applications including the PDE, KILN, and ATREX engine concepts. Currently, these
propulsion cycles do not justify significant expenditure of resources for space-access
applications. In addition, several alternative launch mechanisms, such as MHD or trolley-assist
launch, have been proposed to improve vehicle performance. These launch-assist mechanisms
are believed to introduce unacceptable operational requirements, so they are not recommended
for further investment at this time.
7.3.3 Airframe-Engine Integration
Integration of the propulsion system with the airframe introduces two specific technology needs.
The first need is associated with the efficient coupling of the engine operation with the overall
vehicle aerodynamics. Proper tailoring of the engine force and moment production, together
with the vehicle aerodynamics, are required to take advantage of the high performance potential
of the airbreathing engine.;
The second technology need concerns the transonic pinch point that exists with. most vehicle
configurations. Techniques•for the accurate prediction of the vehicle net thrust levels and
augmentation schemes such as base or external burning should be pursued.
                         1                L
7.3.4 Vehicle Staging, Analysis, Simulation, and Determination
For TSTO vehicles that stage at hypersonic speeds, the separation of the stages must be
addressed. For TSTO concepts that employ a rocket-powered upper stage, the separation
sequence will likely be proceeded by a pull-up maneuver leading to a low—dynamic pressure
staging event. For concepts that use an airbreathing-powered upper stage, the staging event may
be required to occur at high dynamic pressure. The detailed issues associated with stage
separation (including tech ology limits) must be refined.
                          c


7.4 Achieving Hypersonic Technology Focus and Maturity
Given the objective of the development of an operational space launch system and the status of
component hypersonic technology, we reached the conclusion that a large-scale prototype
vehicle must be built and flight-tested prior to the initiation of an EMD program. This prototype
vehicle, an X-Plane, would force the integration and flight demonstration of all the technologies
required in a full-scale space launch system. This same programmatic methodology is being
used by NASA in the development of a rocket-powered SSTO RLV—the X-33 program. The
X-33 vehicle is about one-half the length and one-eighth the weight of the planned full-scale
VentureStar.


                                               100
This recommended X-Plane would be a scaled version of the recommended space launch
vehicle. It must have a high degree of traceability to the full-scale vehicle in all of its major
technologies, such as propulsion, structures and materials, thermal protection system, vehicle
control system, health monitoring systems, and others. It should be used to conduct a rigorous
flight-test program, which will provide the required real-world data to enable a reasonably low-
risk EMD program. Successful flight-testing of this hypersonic X-Plane would be a key factor in
convincing Congress to appropriate the funds fot the EMD program. More details of this
recommended X-vehicle program are included in Section 9.

7.5 Rigorous System Engineering and System Integration
Although system engineering is not considered a technology, it is a mandatory element of an
effective hypersonic S&T program. For the hypersonic development program recommended by
this report to be technically and programmatically successful, a sound systems engineering effort
must be established and sustained.

7.6 Ground-Based Facilities
Development of hypersonic systems will require a combination of analysis (including CFD),
ground-based experiments, and flight experiments. Experiments must be conducted in ground-
based facilities to investigate fundamental hypersonic aerodynamic and propulsion issues,
component performance and operability limits, dynamic interactions between components, and
structural durability questions.
The nation's hypersonic ground-testing capabilities were reviewed by the SAB in 1988 (see SAB
Report of the Ad Hoc Committee on Requirements for Hypersonic Test Facilities, May 1989).
The state of facilities is such that aerodynamic issues can be investigated over most of the
aerospace flight domain, although high Mach number testing must be conducted in short-
duration facilities. Propulsion testing on a large scale with run times of seconds to a minute is
limited to speeds below Mach 8. Propulsion performance investigations can be conducted at
higher speeds using pulse facilities with run times in milliseconds.
There are four primary facility-related issues that must be raised concerning hypersonic system
development: (a) the need for structural durability and thermal-balance testing, (b) the need for a
facility to conduct RBCC testing, (c) the need for a facility to investigate mode transition in a
TBCC engine, and (d) the need for long-duration testing at Mach numbers greater than 8.
The lack of structural durability and thermal-balance testing of propulsion systems is a major
weakness of existing facilities where the maximum run time is a minute. Since reusable vehicles
uses fuel-cooled engines in which the engine operation depends on the conditions of the injected
fuel, sufficient run time must be provided to reach a thermal equilibrium in the engine and fuel
delivery system. The United States possesses three large hypersonic airbreathing engine test
facilities: (a) the NASA LaRC 8-ft High Temperature Tunnel, (b) the NASA Glenn Research
Center Hypersonic Test Facility, and (c) the Air Force Arnold Engineering Development Center
(AEDC) Aerodynamic Propulsion Test Unit. Each of these facilities offers advantages and
disadvantages for hypersonic engine testing. One facility will require an upgrade to support the
required structural durability and thermal-balance testing.


                                                101
RBCC engine testing in a ground-based facility requires attributes of both airbreathing and
rocket test facilities. At present, most rocket test facilities do not support airbreathing test
requirements, and airbreathing facilities do not support rocket test requirements, especially for
large-scale engine testing. If system design studies indicate that the preferred space-access
vehicle is based on RBCC engines, a large-scale facility for RBCC engine testing will be
required. Significant infrastructure for this facility is in place at Edwards Air Force Base, and
NASA plans to construct such a facility at John C. Stennis Space Center.
A space-access approach that uses a TBCC engine will require a ground-based facility that
allows investigation of the mode transition between turbine-based and ramjet-scramjet operation.
Since this transition occurs at speeds between Mach 3 and 4, this facility will need to be large to
support full-scale engine testing and to operate at supersonic speeds. At present, the Air Force
Aeropropulsion Systems Test Facility at AEDC, which is limited to Mach 3.5 speeds, and the
NASA LaRC 8-ft High Temperature Tunnel, which can operate at Mach 4 and 5, are the
preferred facilities for this testing.
The final facility-related issue concerns the need for long-duration propulsion testing at speeds
greater than Mach 8. This type of testing will be needed if space-access vehicles requiring
airbreathing operation at speeds above Mach 8 are pursued, and envelope expansion is deemed to
present unacceptable risk. During the NASP program, a long-duration direct-connect scramjet
combustor facility was constructed for testing at speeds up to Mach 13.6 using the NASAAir
Reserve Component 100-MW arc facility, now mothballed. A second long-term alternative is a
radiatively driven wind tunnel being investigated under the MUD Accelerated Research Into
Advanced Hypersonics program. This facility relies on energy addition (through a combination
of a-beam and MUD acceleration) in the supersonic portion of the facility flow expansion
process. This facility concept is in the early stages of fundamental investigation, and significant
questions exist concerning the flow quality that can be ultimately achieved. Continued
investigation into this approach will be required to determine its ultimate capabilities.
See Chapter 9 for recommendations regarding the timing of key decisions regarding the ground-
testing infrastructure.


                                                102
                                    Chapter 8
                         Recommended Management Approach

8.1 Organizational and Investment Concepts
An integral part of developing the hypersonic technology plan is, in addition to the identification
of technology projects, the identification and assessment of investment and organizational
concepts. This chapter briefly discusses the status, identifies options of the Air Force's
hypersonic technology development activities, and recommends a management approach.
8.1.1 Current Situation
The status of the management of existing hypersonic technology programs can be described as a
flock of several types of birds flying in a very loose formation. Due to the commitment and
diligence of the people working on these programs, there are excellent informal communications
and the sharing of plans and technical information. The AFRL HyTech scramjet development
program will be completed in FY05. The DARPA ARRMD hypersonic missile technology
demonstrator program, built around the AFRL HyTech engine, is proceeding aggressively and is
scheduled to complete the flight test of several Mach 6.5 technology demonstrator missiles in
2003. The NASA X-43A hydrogen-fueled flight demonstrator program is scheduled to start
flight-testing this year and will be completed in 2002.
Within the Air Force, rigorous system engineering and analysis of potential future hypersonic
systems is sorely lacking. Technology development is proceeding without a requirements-driven
systems engineering process, including modeling and simulation, formal trade studies, and the
other analyses needed to establish technology development requirements and priorities. This is a
very serious deficiency that is described explicitly in the 1998 NRC hypersonic study. The
problem has not been corrected for space launch. No post-FFLV hypersonic RLV systems
engineering activities (such as mission analysis, system concepts development, and preliminary
cost assessments) are being performed. This deficiency has not been corrected by Air Force
Materiel Command or any of its component organizations. Our recommended approach to
correcting it is addressed in Section 8.4.
The current Air Force hypersonic technology program at AFRL is limited to a small-scale,
expendable scramjet engine development. Although this is largely due to inadequate S&T
funding, it is also the result of not having a full-time technical system integration function.
While there is a high level of coordination and collaboration between some programs, the overall
hypersonic research area of both DoD and NASA is not well coordinated or integrated. An
example of strong coordination and collaboration is the Air Force HyTech and DARPA ARRMD
program relationship. In this case, the AFRL focused its scarce resources on the ground
development and demonstration of hypersonic airbreathing missile propulsion while structuring
the program to feed the results to the DARPA ARRMD program. The ARRMD program
depends solely on the HyTech Program for propulsion development. In addition to the strong
AFRL/DARPA collaboration on ARRMD, the NASA Hyper-X program has also provided
consulting services and testing to the ARRMD program. Within NASA, coordination between
programs has been weak but is improving. An example is the inclusion of a Hyper-X follow-on,
the X-43B, in the planning for Generation 3 research aircraft, led by the Marshall Space Flight


                                                 103
Center. In addition, in many cases, while there are common top-level goals, there is little or no
agreement between the various performing organizations as to the "right" approach to achieving.
these goals. In summary, there is much room for improvement over the current status.
8.1.2 Hypersonic Technology Development Options
The Air Force has a number of options regarding the development of hypersonic technology and
systems.
8.1.2.1 Status Quo
With the completion of the HyTech Program in 2005, AFRL's hypersonic technology program,
according to the planned S&T budget for the next several years, will be at a subcritical level. At
this minimal level of investment, the US Air Force hypersonic development effort will be far
below the level of effort in Russia, France, and Japan, and probably well below the level of effort
in China and India. The only real value of maintaining the status quo is to retain the few AFRL
scientists and technologists who have a demonstrated competence in hypersonics.
8.12.2 Stop and Start
The Air Force could stop the current hypersonic program, accept the consequences, and restart it
when and if a future application is so compelling that it justifies the investment. This has been
the traditional mode for hypersonics, starting with the original aerospace plane, continuing with
the X-24/Dyna-Soar, and most recently with the National Aerospace Plane. According to
historian Clarence J. Geiger, the Dyna-Soar cancellation "undoubtedly set back the pursuit of
lifting reentry technology in the United States by at least a decade."Z Another paper, by
Lt Col Bill Sullivan, NASP Testing Division, stated that it took $200 million and 12 years to get
hypersonic test facilities, which had been closed by the aerospace plane stoppage, back up to
efficient operation.
Besides the traditional inefficiencies associated with stopping and restarting programs, there are
some new effects. Funding for civil service salaries and for "overhead functions" (for example,
the director's staff) is now included directly in a program's S&T funding line. Short-notice
stoppage of programs has two unintended impacts: First, other programs are reduced because
salary cannot be eliminated quickly. Second, a lengthy reduction in force is started where the
young and talented but junior staff is lost, the most experienced are retired, and the resource is
rarely restored. Moreover, while Lt Gen Bruce Carlson, J-8, stated to the SAB on 29 March
2000 that he did not support eliminating S&T in hypersonics, zeroing of the HyTech budget in
FY00 did just that for airbreathing hypersonics.

8.2 Program Management Options
8.2.1 IHPTET Organizational Model
The Air Force could model hypersonic R&D after the very successful IHPTET program.
IHPTET provides the propulsion technology base for all military aircraft. The program is
viewed by many as a model program within DoD and has been very successful in getting
technology into both military and commercial jet engines on a sustained basis. The goal of the
12
     The Hypersonic Revolution, Vol. I, ed. Richard Hallion, Bolling Air Force Base, DC: Air Force History and
     Museums Program, 1998, p. II-xviii.


                                                         104
IHPTET is to double aircraft and missile propulsion performance while decreasing
manufacturing and maintenance costs by 35 percent by 2003 (compared with the 1987 baseline).
The goals are further quantified by phases (I, II, and III) and by engine type (turbofan/turbojet,
turboshaft/turboprop, or expendable). The team is organized in the following manner: The
steering committee is composed of personnel from the Army, Navy, Air Force, DARPA, and
NASA, with advisors from five propulsion companies. Component technology panels have been
formed for demonstrators, combustors, exhaust systems, mechanical systems, fans or
compressors, turbines, and controls. Pervasive technology panels covering materials, CFD,
structures, and cost reduction have also been formed. Each of the industry advisors has at least
one technology demonstrator engine. Each potential project is judged by four basic questions:
   •     What are you trying to do? (goals)
   •     When will it be accomplished? (pace of program)
   •     What difference will it make? (payoffs)
   •     What makes you think you can do it? (goals, objectives, technical challenges, and approaches
         [GOTCHA] process and financial scrub)


                        COMPRESSION SYSTEMS PHASE III TECHNICAL PLAN

       IHPTET Goals Phase 111                                                                                PROD COST: -35%
        Turbofan/Turbojet                                                                                    MAINT COST: -35%


       COMPONENT                      I                         1                            I                           I                       I
       AREAS
                         COMPRESSION                    COMBUSTION                     TURBINE                       EXHAUST              CONTROLS &                MECHANICAL
                           SYSTEMS                       SYSTEMS                       SYSTEMS                       SYSTEMS             ACCESSORIES                 SYSTEMS


       TECHNICAL
       OBJECTIVES                                                              I                        I                      I                     I
                  Reduce                      Increase                   Increase                   Increase                 Reduce               Reduce                 Reduce
                  Weight                         T3                      Efaency                 Stage Loading               Leakage             Prod Cost              Maint Cost
                    50%                        400 °F                       5%                        50%                      60%                  55%                    60%


       TECHNICAL
       CHALLENGES
              Increasing wheel            • Disk and rim            • Empiricaly based           Increasing wheel          Seal leakage        Reduction in           Achieving 8000
              speed provides                stresses at goal          diffusion limits are       speed provides            impacts             number of stages       TACS requires
              higher-stage                  13 require new            being approached           higher-stage              performance and     lowers cost, but       avoiding sta,
              loading, alowng               material system           Aerodynamic                loadng, aloes ng          life                can be negated by      rubs, and HCF,
              fewer stages                  and/or cooing             innovation requited        fewer stages            • Increased stage     cost of materials      and designed-in
            • Wheel speed                   system to meet            to assure operabiely       Wheel speed               loading, speeds,    and manufacturing      F0D tolerance
              increases are limited         creep life                and efficiency at or       increases are limited     and temperatures    processes, such as     Existing database
              by stresses in disks          requirements              beyond these limits        by stresses in disks      have driven         MMC insert fab         and modeling
              and ncreased shock                                    • Accurately                 and increased shock       internal flow       and inability to       tools are not
              losses                                                  predicting and             losses                    systems beyond      RIM or PMC many        adequate to meet
            • Increased sensitivity                                   controing shock            Increased sensitively     current design      fan components         this objective
              tip dearance losses                                     interactions is            tQ clearance losses       capability
              at high losses at                                       beyond current             at high losses at
              high-stage loading                                      modeling capability        high-stage loading
              stage loading affects                                                              stage loading affects
              weight and                                                                         weight and
              performance                                                                        performance

       APPROACHE
             • Active stabity               MMC & CMC                 • Active stab&ty            Active stability        • Modeling & CFD    • Affordable 0MC         Flutter-resistant
             • Modeling & CFD               Wrought gamma             • Modeing & CFD             Modeling & CFD          • Improved seals      applications           solid fan blades
             • Spilteredlshroud             Ti AI                     • Spittered/shroud          Splttered/shroud                              Flutter-resistant      active control
               ed rotors                                                ed rotors                 ed rotors                                     sold fan blades        technologies
               Wrought gamma                                          • Wrought gamma             Wrought gamma
               rN                                                       Ti N                      TIN


                                                               Figure 50. GOTCHA Chart Example


                                                                                                  105
The GOTCHA process is traceable from goals, to objectives, to technical challenges, and finally
to approaches (see Figure 50). The process takes component technologies, applies them to
engine demonstrators, and quickly transitions them to operational aircraft. Over the whole
program, funding percentages are broken down as follows: industry, 51 percent; Air Force,
34 percent; NASA, 6 percent; Navy, 5 percent; Army, 3 percent; and DARPA, 1 percent.
IHPTET has been strongly advocated in the Services, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and
Congress.
8.2.2 Army-NASA Rotorcraft Model
Rotorcraft S&T activities in the United States have benefited from the long-standing partnership
between the Army and NASA. The Any has experienced a unique relationship with NASA as
a result of the 1965 agreement for joint participation in aeronautical technology related to Army
aviation. A master agreement between NASA and the Army covers research activities at three
NASA research centers (Ames, Langley, and Glenn). Individual agreements executed between
the lead Army activity at each center and the local NASA center director define the specific
operating relationships at each center. An important side benefit of this arrangement is that it
facilitates the transfer of aeronautics-related technology from the NASA centers to nonaviation
Any vehicles.
The basic premise of the agreements is that, through the integration of R&D resources, the Any
can leverage NASA research facilities and expertise while NASA benefits from Army expertise
and the Army's requirements for real-world applications to enhance the relevance of NASA
research programs. The agencies also combine financial resources to obtain critical mass on
programs of common interest. Army assets are placed at the NASA centers where there are
unique facilities and expertise that can go the furthest toward meeting Any technology
requirements. Through the development of integrated programs, a dual-use focus on the
technology is assured, and duplication of effort can be avoided with relative ease. The Army's
lead role within Doll) for the development of rotorcraft technology makes this even more
effective. Personnel from either agency can be placed in joint work environments, under either
NASA or Army leadership, and technical supervision is provided by the best-qualified personnel
from either agency. The Army director at each center also helps to establish interaction between
the centers and other Any organizations.
The Army pays no direct rent for the occupation and use of NASA facilities under the
agreements. Administrative support is provided through Any personnel working within the
NASA structure to assist in meeting both the Anny's and NASA's needs. This joining of
support activities results in an economy of scale that benefits both organizations. A major
benefit is that the Army personnel, in their mission to support the Army Aviation Program
Executive Officer, individual aviation system program managers, and other Any organizations,
have high-priority access to NASA facilities and the expertise to address developmental and
fielded systems problems (for example, the "911 call"). NASA also has direct access to Army
research scientists who can apply their expertise to overcome technology barriers limiting the
commercial viability of modem civil rotorcraft.
The interaction of the aviation element of the Army with NASA continues to provide an
integrated national program in rotorcraft technology, which benefits significantly by the
contributions of both agencies. The integration of the best scientists and engineers in the


                                                106
Government to pursue the technologies focusing on multiple applications is an excellent example
of what interagency cooperation and shared programs can accomplish. Successful collaboration
requires accepting challenging requirements that can benefit a variety of customers and sharing
credit for meeting national needs. Working arrangements where joint activities are recognized
and credit is shared are vital if the not-invented-here syndrome, a major contributor to
duplication and loss of productivity, is to be overcome. The Army has been working
successfully with NASA on this basis. One of the drivers for program success has been the
management technique used by the Army in approaching the implementation of the agreement.
The integration has been accomplished by starting small in each interaction and working with
NASA to develop a strong integrated program.
This is one model of an integrated aeronautics S&T program. It serves as an example of what
can be accomplished when two organizations join forces to focus on common goals. It should be
noted that this relationship did not materialize overnight. The NASA-Army Joint Agreement has
been in place since 1965, and the way in which it functions is not always readily understood by
individuals who have not worked within it. The principal requirement for making such a
partnership work is a common vision of attaining an important national goal that is strong
enough to overcome the traditional tendencies to strive for individual control and recognition.
In summary, the rotorcraft community has benefited from 35 years of forging the relationships
that enable an integrated approach to the planning and execution of a national dual-use rotorcraft
S&T program. The NASA-Army partnership continues to make this possible. A similar model
could be established for an integrated Air Force—NASA hypersonics research program.
8.2.3 Public and Private Partnerships
Conceptually, the recommended hypersonics development program offers a rich opportunity for
government-industry partnerships. However, no partnership can be established that does not
offer industry the opportunity ultimately to achieve profits that justify its invesLiuent of money
and other corporate resources in the partnership. The US investment community is currently
much less favorable to space launch and satellite systems investments than it was a few years
ago. The financial failure of the Iridium commercial communications satellite program has been
one major factor causing this much more cautious approach to these types of investments.
Conceptually, the most likely attraction for a corporate investment would be to be offered a
fixed-price reusable space launch vehicle in return for a specified investment in the hypersonic
RLV development program. This would raise a number of complex contractual issues—not
impossible to resolve but certainly difficult. Despite the probable difficulties, it is likely that a
small number of corporations will be very motivated to invest in the program once it is firmly
established and ready to enter a reasonable-risk EMD program.

8.3 International Options
The United States must ensure that any international hypersonic technology development activity
undertaken is in its best interests. Special consideration must be given to technologies that can
be applied to weapons and technologies that lead to a significant competitive edge. International
options for hypersonic technology development can include joint and contracted activities. Past
efforts have been focused on the contracted one-way transfer of hypersonic technologies from
Russia to the United States. Examples include endothermic fuels (Air Force), facilities research


                                                  107
(NASA), and the Mach 6 scramjet flight test (NASA). While the potential for a future
international joint program in hypersonic space launch vehicle development exists, it is most
likely not near term. Moreover, due to the difficulty in executing a joint international program
(for example, the International Space Station), any proposed program would have to be critically
examined to ensure that it is in the nation's best interests. At the present time international
collaboration is best conducted at the 6.1 and 6.2 technology development levels, as has been and
is being done with Russia and other countries.
AFRL also has an active cooperative data exchange agreement with France, including joint
ramjet development activities and an ongoing fuel-cooled scramjet engine wall project.

8.4 Recommended Management Approach
This recommended management approach is based on the conclusion that an integrated Air
Force-NASA program is essential to achieving the hypersonic technology and systems
development objectives recommended by this study. This approach is, to a large degree, based
on the NASA-Army Rotorcraft model and the tri-Service IHPTET programs previously
described. The management objective is to successfully achieve the phased technical and
program objectives stated in the Investment Roadmap section (see Chapter 9) of this report.

8.4.1 Program Management Agreement
The first step will be to prepare an Integrated Hypersonics Program Management Agreement for
approval by the Secretary of the Air Force and the Administrator of NASA that addresses each of
the following topics:
   • Program objectives
   • Program roadmap
   • Hypersonics Steering Committee
   • Program management
   • Air Force responsibilities
   • NASA responsibilities
   • Army, Navy, DARPA, and other government interfaces
   • Industry participation
   • University participation
   • Air Force-NASA senior management oversight

8.4.1.1 Integrated Hypersonics Program Organization
The overall program organization (see Figure 51) is based on selecting proven solutions
developed by the Army-NASA Rotorcraft model and the     tr          IHPTET program
                                                             i-Service


previously described. The steering committee would meet annually with the Secretary of the Air
Force and the NASA Administrator to review program objectives, accomplishments, issues, and
any significant revisions to the overall program roadmap.


                                              108
                             SECAF                            NASA Admin

                                 Hypersonics Steering Committee
                                         NASA          USAF
                           JCS          OSD         NRO          DARPA
                           USA         USN       Industry Representatives
                                                 I
                                              Program
                                              Manager


                             Integrated Hypersonic Program
                                                 I
                  Industry Contracts                          University Grants

                                   Figure 51. Program Organization


8.4.1.2 Hypersonics Steering Committee
The primary responsibility of the steering committee is to establish technical objectives and
priorities and independently evaluate technology development status and issues. All committee
members must have extensive knowledge of hypersonic technology and have a strong personal
commitment to achieving the objectives of the planned integrated hypersonic technology
program. The following membership is recommended:
Principal Partners
   •   US Air Force
   •   NASA

Other Participants
   •   NRO
   •   US Navy
   •   US Army
   •   DARPA
   •   Director, Defense Research and Engineering

Meeting Participants (not voting members)
   •   Aerospace industry contractors
   •   Selected university representatives


                                                 109
The position of committee chair and deputy chair would be rotated every 2 years between the Air
Force and NASA, such that an individual would serve 2 years as deputy chair and then 2 years as
chair.
Based on IHPTET program experience, the personal commitment and mutual trust of this
committee will be the major factor in the success of the integrated hypersonics program. The
role of the chair, as described by experienced IHPTET participants, is to run a "benevolent
dictatorship."
The committee would meet quarterly, and the meetings would be conducted on a rotating basis at
Air Force, NASA, and other facilities where the most significant hypersonic technology
development activities are taking place. The most important continuing function of the steering
committee is to establish, sustain, and nurture the accomplishment of common goals.
8.4.1.3 Program Management Approach
A small, joint system program office should be established, headed by an experienced program
manager and including a chief systems engineer. It is essential that this program office have a
strong technical management focus, not a financial and administrative focus. The program
manager would be required to present a comprehensive program status and issues briefing to the
steering committee quarterly. The program office would have no contracting responsibilities.
All contracting would be done by existing Air Force and NASA contracting offices.
8.4.1.4 Air Force and NASA Program Staffing
Initial program staffing would be drawn primarily from the existing hypersonic technology staffs
of the Air Force at AFRL and NASA at LaRC. Once an integrated hypersonic technology work
breakdown structure is established and approved by the steering committee, Air Force and
NASA staffmg would gradually evolve to meet the needs of the program. Support contractors
would be used as required.
8.4.1.5 Industry Participation
Each major aerospace corporation that decides to participate in the hypersonic space launch
vehicle program should attend the steering committee meeting for several reasons. The most
important one is to focus industry independent research and development in hypersonics in the
most important technical areas. Developing hypersonic technology is not currently a high-
priority activity in major US aerospace companies. However, this will change if the Air Force
and NASA initiate the recommended integrated hypersonic development program leading to a
hypersonic space launch system.
8.4.2 Recommended Short-Term Action Plan
To implement the recommended management approach for achieving a hypersonic space-access
system by 2025, the Air Force, in conjunction with NASA, should take the following actions by
30 June 2001:
   1. Prepare the Air Force—NASA Integrated Hypersonics Program Management Agreement and
      obtain the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force and the NASA Administrator.
   2. Appoint the Hypersonics Steering Committee and select a chair and deputy chair.


                                              110
   3. Appoint the Program Manager, Air Force—NASA Integrated Hypersonics Program, and Chief
      Systems Engineer.
   4. Conduct industry briefings to focus independent research and development efforts on high-
      priority objectives of the integrated Air Force—NASA program.
   5. Issue a comprehensive announcement to universities describing the technical and schedule
      priorities of objectives of the program.
   6. Prepare jointly with NASA Phase 1 budgets (see Chapter 9) that provide Air Force and NASA
      funding for the integrated hypersonic development program. Plan budgets for Phase 2 and
      beyond.

8.4.3 Systems Requirements and Systems Engineering
An obvious essential ingredient of the recommended hypersonic program is for AFSPC to
initiate the formal requirements and CONOPS development process and for Air Force Materiel
Command to establish the formal systems engineering responsibility and plan the appropriate
staffing. The Air Force—NASA integrated program manager must have a small staff of senior
systems engineers provided by Aeronautics Systems Center (ASC), SMC, and NASA. A high-
level systems engineering roadmap is included in Chapter 9.
Within the Air Force, there has been confusion about which product organization should have
responsibility for hypersonics. ASC has tools and processes to analyze and perform trades on
atmospheric vehicles. The primary purpose for such a vehicle is space access—an area in which
SMC has responsibility. One of these organizations should be assigned clear leadership and
overall responsibility, and the other should support as appropriate.

8.4.4 Integration of Related Air Force 6.1 S&T Program
The Air Force 6.1 S&T program, funded at $6 million per year, must be evaluated to assure that
the proper priority is being given to technology critical to a hypersonic RLV program. These
priorities should be reviewed and approved annually by the Hypersonics Steering Committee.
Obviously these priorities should be communicated to the relevant academic community. This
SAB study did not assess the current priorities in this area of Air Force S&T.

8.4.5 Integrating and Focusing the Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Program
The Air Force is not taking advantage of the potential for the SBIR program to make significant
research contributions to the hypersonic technology base.
A strategy based on integrating SBIR awards into the overall hypersonics S&T technology
program is recommended. This would be executed by
   1. Identifying key technical issues that could be resolved by entrepreneuring small businesses while
      meeting the criterion of potential commercialization
   2. Including descriptions of the technical challenges in the topic areas that are posted in the annual
      announcement for proposals from the Director, Defense Research and Engineering
   3. Setting asides to 10 Phase 2 awards in hypersonic technology annually
   4. Integrating the SBIR activity into the overall S&T program during the contract period

Potential R&D areas are


                                                  111
   1. A user-friendly PC-based perfonnance code, capable of assessing competitive vehicle and
      propulsion systems
   2. Innovative inlet designs for bifurcated hypersonic engine flowpaths
   3. Innovative techniques for pulse-starting of overly contracted inlets
   4. New techniques for the ignition and flame stabilization of storable fuels in dual-mode ram-
      scramjet engines
   5. Low-cost ejector and injector motors for RBCC engines
   6. Catalysts for accelerating and controlling the thermal decomposition of endothermic fuels
   7. Methods for implementing base burning to reduce or eliminate transonic base drag on hypersonic
      vehicles
   8. Development of health-monitoring systems for hypersonic vehicles
   9. Catalysts to accelerate three body recombination reactions in hypersonic exhaust nozzles

8.5 Conclusions and Recommendations

This hypersonic development program requires significant financial, human, and facility
resources that can be best provided by an integrated Air Force—NASA effort. This is the most
promising approach for the United States to become the 21st-century leader in the development
and military exploitation of hypersonic technologies and systems.


                                               112
                                         Chapter 9
                                    Investment Roadmap

9.1 Technology Development
9.1.1 Overall Investment Roadmap
Hypersonic programs have suffered in the past from highly turbulent funding, lack of integrated
system development, and rigorous system engineering. The integrated Air Force—NASA
program roadmap shown in Figures 53 (long-term) and 54 (near-term) will correct these
deficiencies. When it is implemented, it will provide the continuity of funding, results-based
system development, and concurrent systems engineering required to investigate and select
critical enabling technologies while maintaining critical personnel skills and industrial
capabilities. We believe that this roadmap is the rational path for the Air Force to achieve a
reusable military space-access vehicle by 2025. A key factor that has limited the nation's ability
to sustain development of hypersonic systems has been the lack of flight-test data. The
recommended program contains the flight demonstrations required to support technology
decisions by providing data for design analysis and modeling and simulation development.
Concurrent system engineering is an integral part of the program. The program described below
contains the components required to answer the tough scientific and engineering questions that
support the Air Force's and NASA's access-to-space programmatic decisions. The program is
divided into four phases. Each phase has clearly defined exit criteria as discussed in
Sections 9.1.3 through 9.1.6.
9.1.2 Systems Engineering Approach
 A critical ingredient for success of the overall hypersonic technology development and
demonstration effort is the planning and execution of a continuous series of rigorous system-
level studies and analyses. The studies and analyses must provide the technical basis for the
assessment and selection of configurations and technology alternatives and options. These
activities should not be confused with what some consider to be an administrative or technical
management function. Rigorous systems engineering can be defined as the basic technical work
required to invent, assess, and decide technical options and alternatives. A high-quality technical
team to perform the required systems engineering must be established to ensure the success of
the proposed hypersonic program.
Figure 52 summarizes selected major systems engineering tasks, which must be accomplished
during each phase of the recommended four-phase hypersonic development program.


                                                113
         2000                                      2010                                     2020                    2025

                          Phase 1

           • Configuration and
             propulsion trade studies
             complete
           • System performance
             specified
           • Structural trade studies         Phase 2
             complete
           • Operations and support
             trade studies complete     • X-plane
           • Mission concept              configuration
             definition complete          trades complete
                                        • Mission
                                          simulation
                                          defined and
                                          implemented                  Phase 3
                                        • Final propulsion
                                          trade studies         • Mission analysis
                                          complete                and simulation
                                        • X-plane flight test     complete
                                          priorities            • Operations and
                                          established             support concept                  Phase
                                                                  defined and
                                                                  modeled              • Operations and support
                                                                • Systems safety         simulations complete
                                                                  and reliability      • Lifecycle cost modeling
                                                                  modeling               complete
                                                                  complete             • Production cost modeling
                                                                • Cost analysis and      complete
                                                                  cost trade studies
                                                                  complete
                                                                                                                       Production and Space
                                                                                                                       Operations

                                         Figure 52. Systems Engineering Roadmap


9.1.3 Phase 1: Technology Development and System Configuration Assessment
The Technology Development and System Configuration Assessment phase lasts approximately
4 years—from 2003 to 2007. This phase results in the development of the key enabling
hypersonic technologies and the determination of the technical and financial feasibility of a
hypersonic space launch system. A more detailed view of Phase 1 is shown in Figure 54. In this
phase, results from the ongoing NASA Hyper-X, DARPA ARRMD and Air Force HyTech
programs, coupled with flight and combined-cycle demonstrations and staging investigations,
feed the system configuration selection. The completion of the ARRMD program and available
data from the program support a missile option go-ahead decision in 2003. Technical questions
regarding the takeoff mode, propulsion system, system architecture, and overall vehicle design
will be answered in Phase 1.
At the top of Figure 53 are milestones representing the NASA decisions for Generation 2 and 3
systems occurring in approximately 2005 and 2015, respectively, as well as the Generation 3
First Demo Engine and X-Plane decisions. These NASA decisions are important to the
integrated program. By national policy agreement, the Generation 2 decision defines the next-
generation RLV space-access system on which the Air Force will be depending until at least
2025. The Generation 3 decision affects the follow-on generation of RLVs to be developed and
fielded later in the century.


                                                                            114
 za
     s
                                                                                    m
                                                                                    c)
                                                     a M                           =
                                                                                   -
(ProgramMOU


         u.0   o         C)     0        L         Cl)
                         N          9-
                                     a         O   _


                                                           0
                                                LL                      L          _
                                                     _0)       E   U)       _ 0    o
                                             X-Plane Prototype          *   ~EMD Decision)


                   Figure 53. Long-Term Program Roadmap (FY00 to FY25)
O
O
O
N                                                                                             O
                                                                                              O
                                                                                              O
                                                                                              N                                                                        N    0


                                 '    Q   V
                                                            U,   w          _    a
    Joint MOU                    V!                         L
                       Z ~   E                              =
                                      O        a, 0,
                                                                                                                 NASA Generation 3 X-Plane Decision
                                                                 a.t   U)   a'                                                                              s    a,    (V
                                                                                                                                                       a        cv
                                                                                                                                                                 N


    2   Q    L
            a,   X
                                                                                                                                                      CI)
                                                                                                                                                 U                          C
                                                        0 < M <7 Demonstrations
                                                                                                                                                      a.

                     RBCC Demonstrations

                         TBCC Demonstrations

                                                                 Stage Separation Assessments

                                                                                                                                                      a

                                                                            a
                                                                            a)       .0           9•'        c
                                                                     C,                   O   O         _O
                                                                                                                                               s
                                                                                                                                               Q                O    O.-O   =


                                      U-
                                                       U)
                                                       C,
                                              O,       I-        Near-Term Program Roadmap (FY00 to FY90)
9.1.3.1 Aero-Propulsion Facility Investment Strategy
The proposed hypersonic program requires extensive ground- and flight-testing to provide much-
needed data to answer science and engineering questions regarding propulsion, fuels, thermal
structures, and airframe-engine integration. NASA and the Air Force have many ground-test
facilities, but additional capabilities may be required. The decision on the scope and direction of
the required facilities upgrades is the second major decision shown on the program roadmap (see
Figures 53 and 54).
Existing facilities can support propulsion performance testing up to approximately Mach 7.
Higher Mach numbers can be tested only for a very short duration (milliseconds). Current
facilities can test integrated airframes between Mach 0 and 3 for long periods (minutes). New
facilities could support higher Mach number propulsion testing for seconds at a time and
integrated-airframe testing for minutes. There is a clear synergy between the data analysis
accompanying the Phase 1 flight tests and the facility modifications. The flight-test data will
help validate results from the ground-test facilities and affect further modifications and
improvements.
There are opportunities for improved Air Force test capabilities ready to submit for approval for
Air Force military construction funding in the near tern. These facilities would significantly
accelerate the S&T program and ultimately the development of hypersonic vehicles. They
include the conversion of a rocket test stand to an RBCC test stand at AFRL Edwards,
restoration of AEDC Aerodynamic Propulsion Test Unit testing capability, and the fabrication
and installation of supersonic freejet nozzles in the AEDC Aeropropulsion Systems Test Facility.
9.1.3.2 Phase 1 Exit Criteria
Technical
   •   System performance requirements established
   •   System modeling and simulation implemented and operational
   •   Operational system concept selected, and enabling technologies identified
   •   Takeoff mode
       —    Propulsion system
       —    Structural architecture
       —    Stage separation Mach and altitude
       —    Systems and subsystems
   •   Detailed ground-test plan and schedule established

Management and Financial
   • Preliminary cost estimates for Phases 2, 3, and 4, and the preliminary estimate of operations and
     support costs completed
   • Program plan and schedule for Phase 2 completed
   • Program management organization and staffing for Phase 2 established


                                                 117
9.1.4 Phase 2: Critical Technology Development and Demonstration
The Critical Technology Development and Demonstration Phase lasts approximately 5 years—
from 2007 to 2012. This phase results in an X-Plane preliminary design, ground testing (large-
and full-scale) of the selected propulsion system, other critical technology demonstrations, and a
bottom-up EMD cost estimate.
It is clear that enabling technologies, especially regarding the propulsion system, are vital to the
program. Phase 2 of the program further develops these critical technologies for inclusion in the
X-Plane prototype. Analysis of ground- and flight-test data will support X-Plane design through
the preliminary design review.
9.1.4.1 Phase 2 Exit Criteria
Technical
   •   High-fidelity modeling and simulation of the total X-Plane system completed
   •   Selected propulsion system successfully tested to the limits of ground testing
   •   Preliminary X-Plane flight-test plan completed
   •   Preliminary design review of X-Plane completed

Management and Financial
   •   X-Plane program plan and schedule completed
   •   X-Plane program organization and staffing defined
   •   X-Plane program cost estimates completed
   •   Preliminary cost estimates of EMD and operations and support developed and substantiated

9.1.5 Phase 3: X-Plane Design, Manufacturing, and Flight Testing
The X-Plane design, manufacturing, and flight-testing phase lasts approximately 6 years—from
2012 to 2018. This phase results in a complete X-Plane final design, fabrication, and ground-
and flight-test program, including the identification of all technical deficiencies supporting the
EMD RLV design.
Phase 3 of the program is critical because known remaining technical questions will be answered
and the trades made before the EMI) RLV is defined. Ground testing, flight testing, and system
concepts must be completed during this phase. A dual-use aircraft go-ahead decision can be
made at the end of Phase 3.
9.1.5.1 Phase 3 Exit Criteria
Technical
   •   Mission analysis of the operational system completed
   •   Preliminary concept of system operations and support defined and modeled
   •   Ground testing, including reliability testing of all critical functional subsystems completed
   •   Flight-test data demonstrate readiness for EMI)
   •   Preliminary design and analysis of the EMI) vehicle completed


                                                   118
Management and Financial
    • EMD, production, and operations and support cost estimates completed and substantiated
    • EMD integrated master plans and schedules completed
    • EMD program management plan, program organization, and key personnel selection completed

9.1.6 Phase 4: Engineering and Manufacturing Development
The EMD phase lasts approximately 7 years—from 2018 to 2025. This phase results in a
thorough ground- and flight-test program in which all deficiencies have been corrected.
Operational policies and procedures have been defined and validated. A complete production
plan and associated cost estimate will be developed.
9.1.6.1 Phase 4 Exit Criteria
Technical
   • All ground testing completed: structural, environmental, reliability, maintainability, etc.
   • Flight testing successfully completed
   • All design changes for production completed
   • All operational and maintenance technical data completed and validated

Management and Financial
   •   Production plan, schedule, and budget established
   •   Operations and support cost estimates finalized
   •   Operational and maintenance organization and staffing finalized

9.2 Personnel and Industrial Base Development
There is a serious shortage of experienced technical personnel in the high-speed flight area,
especially hypersonics. The cyclical funding cycle and uncertain future of new funding, coupled
with the difficulty of the technical disciplines, have discouraged people from working in the
high-speed field. In the large engine and aircraft development companies, downsizing has also
eliminated many positions. Government organizations working in hypersonics, especially
AFRL, have experienced reduced funding and seen a dramatic departure of young, promising
engineers and scientists. It is clear that foreign organizations, especially in Russia, France, and
Japan, are supporting stable, sustained state-of-the-art research, which keeps research teams
active and motivated.
To reduce the hemorrhage of young talent and replace an aging science and engineering
workforce, it is necessary to take the following actions now:
   •   Retain key government research leaders by maintaining funding levels that produce real research
       and leadership opportunities
   •   Maintain modem research facilities that support state-of-the-art investigations
   •   Provide funding to academic institutions to invigorate hypersonic research in key colleges and
       universities
   •   Support contracted efforts with private industry and encourage innovative cost-sharing
       approaches until adequate funding sustains the research efforts


                                                  119
9.3 Costs and Budget

The estimated cost of the program by phase is shown in Table 3.


                                 Table 3. Annual Program Costs by Program Phase

 u Annual:           _ r=                                     Joint Program P, hases       ~'            <q
Funding ($MJ a
               FYO'I and              Pliase-i         Phase 1       Phase 2       Phase 3            Phase 4
                 FY02                Ls PY03          FY04-FY06     FYOTJYft      FYf2 FY17` ,       FY18=FY24 ,..
  Air Force             6                18             30-40        150-200         300-400          400-500
   NASA                 30               30             30-40        150-200         300-400          400-500
 Total/Year             36               48             60-80        300-400         600-800            800-1,000

Phase I Major Investment Areas for Technology Development and System Configuration
Assessment

                                       `„Majoi-Task~                    ;7     Perceriiihvest_A ekf "
              Mission Analysis                                                           2
              System Concept Development and Propulsion System Selection                 5
              Supportability                                                             3
              Propulsion Technology                                                     57
              Structures and Materials                                                  21
              Thermal Protection                                                         5
              Navigation, Guidance, and Control System Definition                        2
              Other Critical Technology                                                  5

Phase 2 Major Investment Areas for Critical Technology Development and Demonstration

                                         Major Task                            percent/rivesfineni
              Propulsion System Design and Analysis                                      6
              Supportability                                                             3
              Propulsion System Manufacturing                                           58
              Test System Design and Construction                                        4
              Other Critical Technology Development and Demonstration                   13
              Ground Testing                                                            10
              Program Support                                                            4
              Mission Analysis and Definition                                            2


                                                         120
Phase 3 Major Investment Areas, X-Plane Design, Manufacturing, and Flight Testing
               Major Task                                                                               Percent Investment
               Supportability                                                                                          2
               Mission Analysis and EMD Program Definition                                                             5
               X-Plane Design and Analysis                                                                           14
               X-Plane Manufacturing (2 vehicles)                                                                    43
               Ground Testing                                                                                          8
               Flight Testing                                                                                        18
               Program Support                                                                                       10


Phase 4 Major Investment Areas, Engineering and Manufacturing Development
                                                                                                        Percent Investment
               Engineering Design and Analysis                                                                       25
               Manufacturing, Engineering, and Tooling                                                                 6
               Production (3 vehicles)                                                                               38
               Ground and Flight Test                                                                                25
               Program Support                                                                                         6

9.4 Hypersonics Investment Decision Roadmap
The SAB recognizes that this hypersonic development program must have formal decision points
and that, due to the program's magnitude, each phase will require formal critical review and
approval by the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff, and NASA Administration. The
program has been structured to enable this decision-making process, as depicted in Figure 55.


   2100

   TODAY                                                    Sustained System Engineering
                                       Mission Concept/Anaysis/X PlaneTrades/System SimulationiCostTrades/Etc.
                                                                       SYSTEM                                X PLANE
                                                                       FEASBILJTY                            DEPNITION
   USAF                                                                                PHASE 2
   Space                                                                                                             PHASE 3
   Vision                                                                               Full Scale
                                                                                                                     X Plane
                                                                                    Propulsion System
                                                                                      Ground Tests               Design/Build/Test
                                                                                                                                        TEST
                                                                                                                                        DATA
                                                                                    PROCEED                      PROCEED
 Achievable   NO      HYP ERSONICS                                                  PHASE 2                      PHASE 3
 with EELVs -         Requirements
                      and coNOPS
                                            2002
                                                         NOT READY
                                                                     ~ 2006                      2011                                  2016
 2000-2050?                                              RELOOK                                                                                    Proceed
                       Development
                                            USAF/NASA                 USAFINASA                       USAF/NASA \                     USAF/NASA      with
        YES                                 Decision 1                Decision 2                      Decision 3                      Decision 4    END
                          h 7tiate                                                                                                                 Phase 4
                                                                                                  L
   No USAF              USAFTIASA
 RLV Program            Agreement                   PROCEED
                                                    PHASEI
                                                                     PHASE
                                                                     RESULTS
                                                                                                 X-PLANE
                                                                                                 READINESS   T                       EMD
                                                                                                                                     REA DNESS


                                                           PHASE 1


        3          Tech Base
                   Development/Assessment
                   USAF NASA Others
                                                     Augmented Tech Base
                                                     USAF
                                                     NASA
                                                                                        Continuing
                                                                                        Risk Reduction
                                                                                                                      Complete
                                                                                                                      Technology
                                                                                                                      Devebpment


                                Figure 55. Hypersonics Investment Decision Roadmap


                                                                     121
9.5 Conclusions and Recommendations
The United States has no current plan to be the world leader in the development of hypersonic
technology and airbreathing hypersonic spacelift and weapon systems in the 21st century.
Without a plan, the Air Force will not achieve its vision of an aerospace force. Implementing the
recommended program roadmap would be a major step toward achieving this objective.


                                               122
                                          Chapter 10
                                     Policy Requirements

The National Space Policy promulgated by the NSTC in 1996 is broad enough to permit a
number of alternative RLV development strategies. Only a focused military RLV development
program—independent of NASA—would require consultation with the White House Office of
Science and Technology Policy and notification of Congress to change the existing policy.
However, a joint Air Force—NASA RLV development program should not require changes to the
National Space Policy.

The spectrum of alternatives and associated policy implications include the following:
   •   The Air Force buys launches and services from the NASA-commercial fleet. Implicit in this
       scenario is that NASA maintains the lead on RLV development, and DoD neither develops nor
       procures a unique military RLV. In this case, no changes to existing policies are needed.
   •   The Air Force procures a few RLVs from commercial suppliers. As in the previous scenario, the
       Air Force does not independently develop an RLV, but rather buys and operates RLVs developed
       by the private sector. This case is analogous to procuring commercially developed ELVs. Again,
       no changes to the existing policies are necessary.
   •   The Air Force provides NASA with military-unique requirements during the R&D phase and
       pays for military models and testing. This scenario extends only through the R&D phase and
       does not include the development of an operational military RLV with potentially unique
       characteristics from a commercial or civil RLV. The scenario falls within the bounds of existing
       policies and does not necessitate any policy revisions.
   •   Consistent with its vision, the Air Force develops an RLV with unique military capabilities for
       access-to-space and transatmospheric operations. Under the joint Air Force—NASA management
       structure proposed in Chapter 9, initial studies and R&D through EM]) (Phases Ito III of the Far-
       Term Program Plan) are consistent with existing policies and will therefore not require policy
       changes. However, the National Space Policy will need to be modified when the Air Force
       commences a separate program to develop a unique military RLV. As with the current policy, the
       NSTC will be responsible for developing the new policy, and the Office of Science and
       Technology Policy will lead policy implementation. In this case, coordination with NASA will
       still be required, and the technology developed under the Air Force program should be shared
       among the agencies. Likewise, the Air Force should incorporate dual-use technology to the
       greatest degree possible. The Air Force will need a separate budget line for development and
       procurement of its RLV.

In summary, the current National Space Policy is broad enough to encompass most development
scenarios without modification. Should the Air Force decide, consistent with its vision of an
aerospace force, to develop a military-unique RLV, the National Space Policy will need
modification. Under the Far-Term Program Plan proposed in Chapter 9, these changes would
not be necessary until 2015-2018.


                                                 123
                                     Chapter 11
                               Summary Recommendations

Concept Recommendations
  •   Develop mission and system concepts to meet the Air Force vision (AFSPACECOM)
      —    CSAF review and approve
      —   Publish appropriate statement(s) of operational requirements

  •   Assign either SMC or ASC clear leadership responsibility for air breathing hypersonics system
      engineering with the other supporting

  •   Develop an overall hypersonics roadmap and identify and schedule critical enabling technical
      decisions (SAF/AQ)
      —     Use the SAB recommended program as a guide

Program Recommendations
  •   Join with NASA in an integrated program focused on answering the key technical questions on
      air breathing hypersonics (SECAF)
      —     Include other Service and industry participation

  •   Insert a funding wedge starting in 03-04 into the 02 budget submission for a robust program that
      supports SPACECOM needs (SAF/AQ)

  •   Form a hypersonic technology team during FY01 /02 to engage technically with the Air Force
      HyTech, the DARPA ARRMD, and the NASA Hyper-X flight demonstration teams (SAF/AQ)
      —   Develop lessons learned and understanding
      —   Offer in-house support as possible

  •   Continue to fund, at current levels, HyTech and selected hypersonic initiatives consistent with
      FY01-02 funding availability (SAF/AQ)
      —    Projects should be realigned to support downstream critical decisions to the extent possible


                                                 125
                                         Appendix A
                                         Study Team

Study Chairman
Dr. Ronald P. Fuchs
Director, System of System Architecture Development
The Boeing Company

General Officer Participant
Brig Gen David A. Deptula
Director
Air Force Quadrennial Defense Review

Panel Chairs
Investment Program Panel: Dr. Armand J. Chaput
Operational Concepts Panel: VADM David E. Frost, USN (Ret)
Red Team Panel: Mr. Tom McMahan

SAB Chairman
Dr. Robert W. Selden

SAB Military Director
Lt Gen Stephen B. Plummer
Principal Deputy
Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition

SAB Executive Director
Col Gregory H. Bishop

SAB Study Executive Officer
Maj Douglas L. Amon, AF/SB


                                               A-1
                              Investment Program Panel
Dr. Armand J. Chaput, Chair
Company Specialist
Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company

Mr. Ramon L. Chase, Deputy Chair
Principal
ANSER

Dr. Frederick S. Billig
President
Pyrodyne Inc.

Dr. Ray O. Johnson
Vice President
SAIC

Prof. Ann R. Karagozian
Professor
University of California—Los Angeles

Mr. Sherman N. Mullin
Private Consultant

Col Vincent L. Rausch, USAF (Ret)
Hyper-X Program Manager
NASA Langley Research Center

Dr. Jason L. Speyer
Professor
University of California-Los Angeles

Dr. David M. Van Wie
Principal Staff Engineer
Johns Hopkins University, Applied Physics Laboratory

Executive Officer: Lt Col Daniel T. Heale, AFRLIPRSC
Technical Writer: Capt Susan E. Hastings, USAFA


                                            A-2
                            Operational Concepts Panel

VADM David E. Frost, USN (Ret), Chair
President
Frost & Associates, Inc.

Lt Gen David L Vesely, USAF (Ret), Deputy Chair
Veridian

Dr. Leonard F. Buchanan
President and CEO
Point Loma Industries

Mrs. Natalie W. Crawford
Vice President and Director, Project AIR FORCE
RAND

Dr. Thomas A. Cruse
Private Consultant

Dr. Richard Hallion
The Air Force Historian
HQ USAF

Mr. George F. Orton
Program Manager, Hypersonic Design and Application
The Boeing Company

Executive Officer: Maj Douglas L. Amon, AF/SB
Technical Writer: Capt Matthew P. Murdough, USAFA


                                           A-3
                                 Red Team Panel

Mr. Tom McMahan, Chair
Co-President
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.

Dr. Darryl P. Greenwood, Deputy Chair
Senior Staff
M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratory

Mr. Alan D. Bernard
Associate Division Head, Division 4 Tactical Systems Technology
M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratory

Lt Gen John E. Jaquish, USAF (Ret)
President
J. Jaquish & Associates Inc.

Dr. O'Dean P. Judd
Private Consultant

Mr. Howard K. Schue
Partner
Technology Strategies & Alliances

Dr. Michael I. Yarymovych
Chief Scientific Advisor
Analytic Services Inc. (ANSER)

Executive Officer: Maj Douglas L. Amon, AFISB
Technical Writer: Capt David Jablonski, USAFA


                                        A-4
                                    Appendix B
                                Recommended Reading

America's Air Force Vision 2020, www.af.mil/vision.
Hypersonic Applications and Technologiesfor USAFLaying the Groundworkfor SAB Study
on "Why and Whither Hypersonks Research in the USAF,"AFRL-PR-WP-TR-2000-2114,
Frederick S. Billig (Chairman), E. T. Curran, G. Keith Richey, Terence M. Ronald, Richard
Weiss.
Review and Evaluation of the Air Force Hypersonic Technology Program, Committee on
Review and Evaluation of the Air Force Hypersonic Technology Program, Air Force Science &
Technology Board, Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems, National Research
Council, 1998 National Academy Press. (Findings summarized in Appendix E.)
The Hypersonic Revolution, Case Studies in the History of Hypersonic Technology, Volume 1,
from Max Valier to Project PRIME (1924-1967), edited by Dr. Richard P. Hallion, Air Force
History and Museums Program, Bolling AFB, Washington, DC 20332-111, 1998.
The Hypersonic Revolution, Case Studies in the History of Hypersonic Technology, Volume 2,
from Scramjet to the National Aerospace Plane (1964-1986), edited by Dr. Richard P. Hallion,
Air Force History and Museums Program, Bolling AFB, Washington, DC 20332-111, 1998.
The Hypersonic Revolution, Case Studies in the History of Hypersonic Technology, Volume 3,
The Quest for the Orbital Jet: The National Aerospace Plane Program (1983-1995), by Dr. Larry
Schweikart, Air Force History and Museums Program, Bolling AFB, Washington, DC 20332-
111 1998.
Space Launch Modernization Plan, DoD, 1994.
Time Critical Target Technology (TCTT) Study Program, Scientific and Technical Report
Contract F08630-96-C-0080.
SAB New World Vistas: Air & Space Powerfor the 21?' Century (Washington D. C.: SAB
1995).
Mach 10 Cruise/SpaceAccess Vehicle Definition, AIAA Paper No. 98-1584, April 1998, L.F.
Scuderi, G.F. Orton, J.L. Hunt.
An Advanced Highly Reusable Space Transportation System Definition and Assessment
Study, ANSER Technical Report 97-1, R. L. Chase, R. Boyd, P. Czysz, H.D. Froning, Jr.,
M. Lewis, and L.E. McKinney, Sept. 1997.
Comments on Uppers Stage Applications or a Military Space Plane, AIAA 97-2972,
R.L. Chase, July 6,1997.
Aerospace Plane Trajectory Optimization for Sub-Orbital Boost Glide Flight, AIAA 96-4519,
H.D. Froning, L.E. McKinney, and R.L. Chase, November 18, 1996.


                                            B-I
A global Range Hypersonic Aircraft, SAE 1999-01- 565, R.L. Chase, H.D. Froning,
October 19, 1999.
Research on Linear Crossed-Field Steady-Flow D.C. Plasma Accelerators at Langley
Research Center, NASA, in Arc Heaters and MHD Accelerators for Aerodynamic Purposes,
AGARDograph 84, Part 1, G.P. Wood, A.F. Carter, A.P. Sabol, D.R. McFarland, and
W.R. Weaver, Technical Editing and Reproduction Ltd, Harford House, London, pp. 1-45,
September 1964.
Some Experimental Observations on Circulating Currents in a Crossed Field Plasma
Accelerator, NASA TM X-67450, J. Jedlicka and J. Haacker, December 1971.
Experimental Performance of a j x B Accelerator AugmentedShock Tube, AVCO Everett
Research Laboratory Research Report 269, R.L. Leonard, May 1967.
Experimental Results with a Linear Magnetohydrodynamic Accelerator Operated with Water-
Cooled Beryllia Magnetic-Field Walls, AEDC TR70-40, L.E. Rittenhouse, J. M. Whoric, and
J.C. Pigott, April 1970.
MHD Augmented Shock Tunnel Expereiments with Unseeded, High Density Air Flows, AIAA
Journal, Vol. 13, No. 2, C. J. Harris, C. H.,Marston, and W. R. Warren, Jr., February 1974,
pp. 229-231.
A Report on the Status of MHD Hypersonic Ground Test Technology in Russia, AIAA Paper
93-3193, V. Ali orov, July 1993.
An Experiment on the MHDDriven Rotating Flowfor a Gas-Core Nuclear Rocket, AIAA
Journal, Vol. 8, No. 8, W.L. Love, and C. Park, August 1970, pp. 1377-1385.
Theoretical Performance of Frictionless MHD-Bypass Engines, presented at the 36th JANNAF
Combustion Subcommittee, Airbreathing Propulsion Subcommittee and 18th Propulsion
Systems Hazards Subcommittee Joint Meeting, C. Park, D.W. Bogdanoff, and U. B. Mehta,
Cocoa Beach, Fl, October 18 - 22, 1999.
Electrical Conductivity oflonized Air in Thermodynamic Equilibrium, ARS Journal, Vol. 31,
No. 5, J.R. Viegas, and T. C. Peng, May 1961, pp. 654 - 657.
Equilibrium Composition and Thermodynamic Properties ofAir to 24,000°, Rand Corporation
Research Memorandum 1543, F. R. Gilmore, August 1955.
Nonequilibrium Hypersonic Aerothermodynamics, C. Park, Wiley, New York, 1990,
pp. 264-267.
Electrical Aspects of Combustion, J. Lawton, and F.J. Weinberg, Clarendon Press, Oxford,
England, 1969, pp. 136- 141.
Interactions Between an E-Beam Sustained Discharge and Supersonic Flow, Proceedings of
the 12th International Symposium on Shock Tubes and Waves, E. Margalith, and W.H.
Christiansen, Jerusalem, July 16-19, 1979, pp. 376-385.


                                             B-2
The Interaction Between E-Beam Sustained Discharge and Supersonic Flow, E. Margalith,
Ph.D. Thesis, University of Washington, 1978.
Application of an Upwind Algorithm to the ThreeDimensional Parabolized Navier-Stokes
Equations, AIAA Paper 87-1112-CP, presented at the 8th Computational Fluid Dynamics
Conference, S.L. Lawrence, J.C. Tannehill, and D.S. Chaussee, Honolulu, Hawaii, June 1987
(see also AIAA Journal, Vol. 28, June 1990, pp. 971-972).
Modeling of Magnetohydrodynamic Channel Boundary Layers Using an lntegral Approach,
Proceedings of the 18th Symposium on Engineering Aspects of Magnetohydrodynamics, J. Gerti,
T. Opar, A. Solbes, and G. Weyl, Butte, Montana, June 1979.
Magnetohydrodynamic Submarine Propulsion Systems, Naval Engineers Journal,
D.W. Swallom, I. Sadovnik, J.S. Gibbs, H. Gurol, L.V. Nguyen, and H.H. van den Bergh,
Vol. 103, No. 3, pp. 141-157, May 1991.
Magnetohydrodynamic Power Systemsfor Neutral Particle Beam Applications, Proceedings of
the Compact Accelerator Technology Conference, 22-23 October 1985, D.W. Swallom,
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Livermore, California. Special Publication
BRL-SP-52, pp. 303-310, February 1986.
Pulsed Portable Magnetohydrodynamic Power System Program, Journal of Propulsion and
Power, D.W. Swallom, V.M. Goldfarb, J.S. Gibbs, I. Sadovnik, V.A. Zeigarnik, A.G. Blokh,
J.P. Babakov, Vol. 14, No. 6, pp. 1049-1058, November/December 1998.
Electrode Sheaths and Boundary Layers in Hypersonic MHD Channels, Paper AMA 99-3532,
AMA 30th Plasmadynamics & Lasers Conference, M.N. Shneider, S.O. Macheret, and
R.B. Miles, Norfolk, VA, June 28-July 1, 1999.
Electron Beam Generated Plasmas in Hypersonic MHD Channels, Paper AMA 99-3635.
(Invited paper), S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, Also submitted to the AMA
Journal (March 3, 2000).
MHD Power Extraction from Cold Hypersonic Air Flow with External Ionizers, Paper AMA
99-4800, AIAA 9a' International Space Planes and Hypersonic Systems and Technologies
Conference and 3 h1 Weakly Ionized Gases Workshop, S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and
R.B. Miles, Norfolk, VA, Nov. 1-5, 1999.
External Control of Plasmasfor High-Speed Aerodynamics, Paper AMA 99-4853. AIAA 9`s
International Space Planes and Hypersonic Systems and Technologies Conference and 3`s
Weakly Ionized Gases Workshop, S.O. Macheret, Y.Z. Ionikh, L. Martinelli, P.F. Barker, and
R.B. Miles, Norfolk, VA, Nov. 1-5, 1999.
MHD Power Generation and Control of Hypersonic Flows Ionized by Electron Beams,
Proceedings of the Second Workshop on Magneto- and Plasma Aerodynamics for Aerospace
Applications, Moscow, Institute of High Temperatures of the Russian Academy of Sciences,
S.O. Macheret, M.N. Shneider, and R.B. Miles, April 5-7, 2000.


                                             B-3
                 Appendix C
          Acronyms and Abbreviations
AAR           Air-Augmented Rocket
ABL           Airborne Laser
AEDC          Arnold Engineering Development Center
AFOSR         Air Force Office of Scientific Research
AFSPC         Air Force Space Command
AFRL          Air Force Research Laboratory
AHM           Airborne Hypersonic Missile
Al            Aluminum
ANSER         Analytic Services Inc.
ARRMD         Affordable Rapid Response Missile Demonstrator
              (DARPA)
ASC           Aeronautics Systems Center
ASSET         Aerothermodynamic/elastic Structural Systems Environmental
                Tests
atm           Atmospheres of Pressure
BMDO          Ballistic Missile Defense Organization
CAV           Common Aero Vehicle (USAF)
C2            Command and Control
C4ISR         Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and
                Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance
C-C           Carbon-carbon
CFD           Computational Fluid Dynamics
CINC          Commander in Chief
CONOPS        Concept of Operations
CONUS         Continental United States
CRAF          Civil Reserve Air Fleet
DARPA         Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
DBT           Deeply Buried Target
DE            Directed Energy
DoD           Department of Defense
RD            Electro-Optical
EELV          Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle
ELV           Expendable Launch Vehicle
EMD           Engineering and Manufacturing Development
EMP           Electromagnetic Pulse
Fe            Iron
FOD           Foreign Object Damage
ft            Feet
ft/sec        Feet per Second
GEO           Global Engagement Operations
GOTCHA        Goals, Objectives, Technical Challenges, and Approaches
GTOW          Gross Takeoff Weight
H2OZ          Hydrogen Peroxide
HF/DF         Hydrogen Fluoride/Deuterium Fluoride
HOTOL         Horizontal Takeoff and Landing
RPM           High-Power Microwave
Hyper-X       NASA Hyper-X program (X-43)


                       C-1
HyTech      Hypersonics Technology Program (USAF)
ICBM        Intercontinental Ballistic Missile
IHPRPT      Integrated High-Payoff Rocket Propulsion Technology
IHPTET      Integrated High-Performance Turbine Engine Technology
IOC         Initial Operational Capability
ISR         Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance
IW          Information Warfare
JCS         Joint Chiefs of Staff
JP          Jet Propellant
KB          Kinetic Energy
KKV         Kinetic Kill Vehicle
KT          Kiloton
kW          Kilowatt
lb          Pound
L/D         Length-to-Diameter
LD          Low-Density
LEO         Low Earth Orbit
lox         Liquid Oxygen
m           Meter
M           Mach
MGD         Magneto Gas Dynamic
MUD         Magnetohydrodynamic
MOU         Memorandum of Understanding
MTW         Major Theater War
MW          Megawatt
NASA        National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA LaRC   NASA Langley Research Center
NASP        National Aerospace Plane
Nb          Niobium
NHFRF       National Hypersonic Flight Research Facility
nm          Nautical Miles
NRC         National Research Council
nm          Nautical Miles
NRO         National Reconnaissance Office
NSTC        National Science and Technology Council
OSD         Office of the Secretary of Defense
PBD         Program Budget Decision
PDE         Pulse Detonation Engine
PRIME       Precision Recovery Including Maneuvering Entry
psi         Pounds per Square Inch
R&D         Research and Development
RBCC        Rocket-Based, Combined Cycle (Engine Configuration)
RCS         Radar Cross Section
RDT&E       Research, Development, Testing, and Evaluation
RLV         Reusable Launch Vehicle
S&T         Science and Technology
SAB         Air Force Scientific Advisory Board
SAM         Surface-to-Air Missile
SBIR        Small Business Innovative Research
SBL         Space-Based Laser
SBR         Space-Based Radar


                     C-2
scramjet   Supersonic Combustion Ramjet
SEAD       Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses
SECAF      Secretary of the Air Force
SLBM       Sea-Launched Ballistic Missile
SMV        Space Maneuvering Vehicle (AFSPC)
SOT        Statement of Task
SOV        Space Operations Vehicle (AFSPC)
SSTO       Single Stage to Orbit
TACS       Theater Air Control System
TAV        Trans-Atmospheric Vehicle
TBCC       Turbine-Based Combined Cycle (Engine Configuration)
TBD        To Be Determined
TBM        Theater Ballistic Missile
TCT        Time-Critical Target
TEL        Transporter-Erector-Launcher
THAAD      Theater High-Altitude Area Defense
Tgt        Target
Ti         Titanium
TSTO       Two Stage to Orbit
UAV        Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
USA        US Army
USAF       US Air Force
USN        US Navy
VHM        Vehicle Health Monitoring
W          Watt
WIG        Weakly Ionized Gas
WMD        Weapons of Mass Destruction


                    C-3
                                 Appendix D
          Information Gathering Meetings and Organizations Consulted

25 & 26 Jan 2000, Washington DC
Air Force Research Laboratory Plans & Programs Directorate (AFRL/XPA)
NASA Langley Research Center

28 Feb 2000 NASA Langley Research Center, Hampton, VA
NASA Langley Research Center
NASA Glenn Research Center
NASA Marshall Space Flight Center

29 Feb 2000, Washington DC
Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans and Programs, Directorate of Strategic Planning, Headquarters US Air
Force (HQ USAF / XPX)
Deputy Chief of Staff for Air and Space Operations, Directorate for Command and Control, Headquarters
US Air Force (HQ USAF / XOC)
Air Force Historian (HQ USAF/HO)
University of Maryland, Dept. of Aerospace Engineering
Naval Aviation Systems (NAVAIR) 4-4T

28 & 29 March 2000, Washington DC
MIT Lincoln Laboratory
Arnold Engineering Development Center
Princeton University, Dept. of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Tactical Technology Office
Office of the Deputy Director, Defense Research and Engineering
Director, Force Structure, Resources and Assessment, J-8, the Joint Staff
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
Office of Naval Research
Air Force Studies and Analysis Agency (AFSAA)

30 March 2000, Boeing, St. Louis, MO
Boeing Phantom Works

18 Apr 2000, Los Angeles, CA
Headquarters Air Force Space Command, Directorate for Requirements HQ AFSPC/DRSV
Air Expeditionary Force Battlelab
NASA Ames Research Center
Kelly Space & Technology, Inc.


                                                  D-1
19 Apr 2000, Palmdale ,CA & Edwards AFB
Lockheed Martin, Skunk Works
NASA Dryden Flight Research Center
Air Force Flight Test Center Access to Space Office

20 Apr 2000, Los Angeles, CA
Accurate Automation Corp.
Air Force Space and Missile Center, Plans & Programs Directorate, Plans and Analysis Division
(SMC/XRD)
MSE Technology Applications, Inc.
Northrop Grumman Air Combat Systems
Orbital Sciences Corporation
Boeing Phantom Works

18 May 2000, Washington DC
Air Force Research Laboratory Plans & Programs Directorate (AFRL/XPA)
Air Force Research Laboratory Propulsion Directorate (AFRL/PR)
Air Force Research Laboratory Space Vehicles Directorate (AFRL/VS)
Air Force Research Laboratory Air Vehicles Directorate (AFRL/VA)
Air Force Research Laboratory Propulsion Directorate (AFRL/MN)
Army Aviation and Missile Command
Headquarters Air Combat Command Directorate of Requirements (HQ ACC/DRM)
National Air Intelligence Center (NAIC/TATV)
Pratt & Whittney
Raytheon

6 Jun 2000, Washington DC
Joint Theater Attack Analysis Center
Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans and Programs, Directorate of Strategic Planning, Headquarters US Air
Force (HQ USAF / XPX)
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
US Army Space and Missile Defense Command
Orbital Sciences Corporation
Headquarters NASA, Office of Aero-Space Technology
General Electric Aircraft Engines
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA/MSC)
University of California Los Angeles, Dept. of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
National Air Intelligence Center (NAIC/TATV)


                                                 D-2
                         Appendix E
 NRC Study Statement of Task Questions and Summary Answers

MEETING OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS (2a0 Will the Hypersonics Technology
Program, as planned by the Air Force Materiel Command (all references to the
hypersonics program are directed at this program rather than broader contexts), lead to
a capability which will meet operational requirementsfor hypersonic technology
applications?
"Summary Answer: The Air Force HyTech program, as currently structured, will not lead
to an operational capability. Furthermore, the Air Force has not defined operational
requirements for the system.
"Recommendations: The Air Force should initiate tradeoff studies for the design and
requirements of a hypersonics missile system. Analyses should include the following
parameters: targets, speed, range, survivability, lethality, aircraft compatibility, risk, and
cost.
"The Air Force should commit appropriate resources to completing integrated airframe-
engine flight-testing. Flight tests are vital to demonstrating a hydrocarbon-fueled
scramjet in the Mach 4 to Mach 8 regime. If the Air Force decides not to make this
commitment, it should re-evaluate its goals for the development of airbreathing
hypersonic technology.
"If the Air Force determines that there is a requirement for a hypersonic missile system,
then it should establish a system-oriented program office to manage the design and
development, integration, and flight-testing of critical enabling technologies for a
hypersonic missile system. The program office should report directly to a senior official
in a weapon system organization and should have multidisciplinary participation,
including experienced design engineers of airbreathing propulsion systems. The
committee believes the Air Force must take these steps in the near term for the successful
development and application of hypersonic technology by 2015."
TECHNOLOGIES OTHER THANPROPULSION (2a0W What technologies (besides
propulsion) should next be pursued, and in what priority, for a hypersonic air-to-surface
weapon?
"Summary Answer: Several critical enabling technologies besides propulsion will have to
be developed for a hypersonic air-to-surface weapon. In order of priority, the five most
critical technologies are (1) airframe and engine thermo-structural systems; (2) vehicle
integration; (3) stability, guidance and control, navigation, and communications systems;
(4) terminal guidance and sensors; and (5) tailored munitions.
"Recommendation: The Air Force should expedite trade-off studies in three separate
areas: (1) mission parameters, to establish operational requirements; (2) system concepts,
to define candidate configurations with optimum ranges of performance, operability,
reliability, and affordability; and (3) technology, to redirect the HyTech projects toward
the most promising alternatives, if necessary."
TECHNICAL COMPONENTS (2b) Are all the necessary technical components of a
hypersonic Mach 8 regime propulsion technology program identified and in place, or if
not, what is missing?


                                             E-1
"Summary Answer: The HyTech program addresses many, but not all, of the propulsion
flow path technologies needed to support the development of a Mach 8 missile. The most
significant omissions are in the transition to flight, including the development of an
operational envelope, a ground-to-flight correlation, and an engine control system. The
HyTech Program should also consider a wider range of hypersonic air-breathing
propulsion technologies (e.g., uncooled structures and liquid fuel ignition)."
PROPULSION UNCERTAINTIES, (2c(i)) What are the salient uncertainties in the
propulsion component of the hypersonic technology program, and are the uncertainties
technical, schedule related, or bound by resource limitations as a result of the technical
nature of the task (for example, materials sources, qualifications ofsupport personnel, or
technology driven costs that affect affordability), to the extent it is possible to enunciate
them?
"Summary Answer: The significant technical uncertainties in the overall propulsion
system derive from budgetary limitations, are manifested by a lack of focus on risk
reduction and on flight demonstration, and cannot be resolved until the current program is
completed in 2003. Additional uncertainties exist in the areas of weight, reliability, and
affordability. The HyTech Program has not adequately addressed trade-offs at the system
concept level between propulsion system capabilities, mission performance, and
reliability and affordability."
OTHER UNCERTAINTIES (2c(ti)) What are the salient uncertaintiesfor the other main
technology components of the hypersonic technology program (for example, materials,
thermodynamics, etc.)?
"Summary Answer: See the detailed response to the technology uncertainties under
2a(ii)."
 TECHNICAL FOUNDATION, (2c(ui)) Does the program provide a sound technical
foundation for a weapon system program that could meet operational requirements as
presently defined?
"Summary Answer: The current HyTech Program does not have the mandate or the funds
to provide a sound technical foundation for a weapons system. The Air Force will have
to conduct extensive trade-off studies before it can establish an operational requirement
for a hypersonic missile system and determine specific design goals. As a result of
concerns that the survivability of this class of missile had not been adequately analyzed,
the committee performed an additional study of the survivability trade-offs."
INTERACTION WITH OTHER PROGRAMS, (Zd) How does the Air Force hypersonic
program interrelate with other Department ofDefense Hypersonic initiatives, for
example, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's Advanced Concept
Technology Demonstration on Hypersonic vehicles?
"Summary Answer: The HyTech Program is neither formally coordinated with nor
intentionally dependent upon hypersonic initiatives by the US Department of Defense
(DoD) or NASA, although relevant technical information is being shared. The committee
encourages the Air Force to continue this exchange of information."
MILESTONE DATES (2e(f)) From an engineering perspective, what are reasonable
milestone datesfor a hypersonic missile system development program leading up to
production, that is, concept development, engineering and manufacturing development,


                                            E-2
etc. For example, with a 2015 target datefor operational capability, does the current
program have a coherent plan and roadmap to build and test a Mach 8 regime
hydrocarbon fueled scramjet engine?
"Summary Answer: The committee finds that initial operational capability for a
hydrocarbon-fueled scramjet missile system in 2015 is technically feasible. The
committee's experience indicates that it will take until 2015 to develop the type of missile
contemplated by the Air Force with moderate risk. A prototype missile phase will have
to be initiated in 2003 and prototype flight testing completed by 2007, which would
reduce the risk of entering the engineering and manufacturing development phase. [The]
committee's suggested roadmap...includes a complementary program to the current
HyTech Program that will be necessary to reach initial operational capability by 2015."
A conceptual roadmap, was provided with the detailed answer in the NRC report.
FOREIGN HyperSONIC APPLICATIONS (2e(ii)) Are thereforeign hypersonic
technology applications that are significantly more developed than those of the United
States, that, if acquired by the US government or industry through cooperative venture,
license, or sale, couldpositively affect the development process or schedulefor Air Force
hypersonic vehicles?
"Summary Answer: Several organizations throughout the world have significant
expertise related to scramjet-powered hypersonic vehicles. Although no system-level
hardware seems to be available internationally, many technologies of potential use in
hypersonic vehicles are being investigated. The committee believes that the Air Force
should continue to evaluate potentially significant foreign technologies."
CONTENTAND PACE OF THE PROGRAM (2e(iii)) Based on these assessments, the
committee will make recommendations on the technical content and pace of the program.
"Summary Answer: If the Air Force determines that there is a requirement for a
hypersonic missile system, the committee recommends that the Air Force adopt [its]
roadmap. To achieve initial operational capability by 2015, the program office
recommended in response to Question 2a(i) should establish a roadmap similar to the one
developed by the committee. The program should proceed step by step through the
various phases, including flight testing, and should address all critical technologies."
INFRASTRUCTURE (2)) Are there any evident implicationsfor the Air Force support
 infrastructurefor a hypersonic missile system? For example, will other technologies need
to be developed in parallel to support a hypersonic vehicle and are those likely to pose
significant barriers to eventual success in demonstrating the missile concept or in
fielding a viable weapon system by 2015?
"Summary Answer: The implications for the Air Force support infrastructure of a
hydrocarbon-fueled hypersonic missile will depend on the maximum speed of the missile.
Some investment will be necessary in ground-testing facilities, flight testing, and
analyses to determine the performance and operability of the propulsion system. Ground
testing facilities will have to support both technology development and demonstration
and system development and qualification of a complete missile. Full-scale ground-
testing facilities are currently limited to about Mach 7, although modifications to at least
one facility are under consideration to support a Mach 8 capability. If a maximum
nominal Mach number of 7 or lower is elected, the only modification to a test facility
might be to provide for hydrocarbon fuel testing at the NASA 8-Foot High Temperature


                                            E-3
Tunnel. Regardless of the maximum Mach number, a capability for the periodic
destructive testing of selected missiles from storage must be provided.
"Recommendation: The Air Force should begin planning for the ground-test
infrastructure to support the development and qualification of the operability, reliability,
durability, and performance of integrated hypersonic propulsion systems over the
Mach number range from the speed at the end of the rocket-boost phase to the maximum
cruise speed. This infrastructure should be completed expeditiously."
OVERALL PROGRAM (1) Evaluate and make recommendations regarding the Air Force
Hypersonics Technology Program. The NRC shouldfocus its initial efforts on the
technologies needed to demonstrate a hypersonic, air-breathing missile concept, using
hydrocarbon-basedpropulsion technologyfor the Mach 8 regime, in time to achieve an
initial operational capability of 2015 or sooner. Emphasize the underlying strategy and
key components of the program, the critical technologies that have been identified by the
Air Force and by other sources, as appropriate (for example, advanced propulsion
systems using ram jet and scramjet technologies); and the assumptions that underlie
technical performance objectives and the operational requirementsfor hypersonic
technology.
"Conclusion: The Air Force's HyTech Program, which is a Mach 4 to Mach 8 propulsion
technology flowpath program, is necessary but not sufficient for the development of a
scramjet engine as an integral part of a missile system. Although the limited testing
(ground testing only) planned for the propulsion subsystem should indicate its potential
engine performance, flight-testing over a representative range of operating conditions
will be necessary to determine the engine's operability, reliability, and durability in an
integrated system. These parameters are prerequisites to understanding the engine's
utility in an operational system.
"Recommendation: The Air Force should commit appropriate resources to integrate
airframe-engine flight testing, which is vital to demonstrating a hydrocarbon-fueled
scramjet in the Mach 4 to Mach 8 range. This recommendation (and the related
recommendations that follow) assumes that the Air Force will decide that a hypersonic
air-breathing propulsion capability is a potential candidate for fulfilling future system
needs (for example, as part of a hypersonic missile or space application). If the Air Force
is not willing to commit to flight testing, it should reevaluate its goals for the
development of air-breathing hypersonic technology."
TECHNOLOGY FOR 2015 AND BEYOND (3) to the extent possible, identify technology
areas that meritfurther investigation by the Air Force in the application of hypersonics
technology to manned or there unmanned weapon systems by 2015 or beyond.
"Summary: The committee considered possible roles that hypersonic vehicles might play
in future Air Force capabilities, particularly global reach and access to space. The
committee then identified two program options: (1) the broad pursuit of hypersonic
technologies and (2) the evolutionary development of hypersonic technologies based on
clearly stated requirements. The committee believes the latter option is the only one that
will result in operational systems. On that basis, the committee provided a four-
component long-range planning process to guide the Air Force's development of future
hypersonic systems.
"Recommendation: The Air Force should work on the evolutionary development and
deployment of systems to meet clearly stated requirements.


                                            E-4
"The Air Force should develop a long-range plan incorporating four components as a
primary document to guide the development of future hypersonic weapon systems. The
four components are operational concepts for future weapon systems and preliminary
system designs; scramjet-powered weapons systems using hydrocarbon fuels; hypersonic
weapon systems using hydrogen fuel; and combined-cycle system for space access."


                                        E-5
                                 Appendix F
             Plasma Interaction Processes on Hypersonic Vehicles:
 Electrical Power Generation and an MHD-Scramjet Engine Cycle (AYAKS)

A potentially promising area of investigation for hypersonic vehicles is the use of plasma and
magnetohydrodymanic (MIID) processes to achieve a number of improvements in the
performance of a hypersonic vehicle and to provide an integrated electrical power source for
other applications on the vehicle, such as a DE weapon. It is useful to discuss several of these
concepts separately in order to understand the overall potential of this approach.
One promising concept is to use a portion of the ionized airflow around a hypersonic vehicle to
generate electrical power through the use of an MHD generator. The alternative is to couple the
flow from the engine exhaust to the MHD generator. In both concepts, the ionization could be
produced in the hot airflow for temperatures in excess of 3,000° Kelvin (K) (corresponding to a
speed of Mach 12), could use an external ionization source such as an electron beam, or could
seed the airflow with a material that has low-ionization potential, such as cesium.
MI3D power generation has been engineered extensively, and the principles are well known.
The application to hypersonic vehicles is new, however; the engineering analysis and design
trade-offs of this concept require additional work to validate the concept. One can make the
following estimates for potential performance: The power per unit area in the gas flow at
0.01 atm pressure, which is representative of a flight altitude of 32 km (100,000 ft), is P = 0.1 x
M3 MW/m2, where M is the Mach number. At Mach 10, there is 100 MW/m2 in the free-stream
airflow. If one could optimistically convert 1 percent of this power using an MHD generator, a
10 m2 area flow could provide 10 MWe of electrical power. Assuming a 10 percent conversion
efficiency in a DE weapon, one could produce 1 MW of laser power, which is an entry-level
weapon. Efficiencies of 1 percent have been demonstrated for ground-based power grid MHD
generators. If the practical conversion efficiency is much less than 1 percent, alternative
methods for onboard electrical power generation become more attractive. In practice, a
0.1 percent extraction efficiency may be more realistic. A detailed analysis of the MHD power-.
generation concept is discussed in a later section.
Another concept relates to an increased-performance scramjet, a combined MHD-scramjet
engine cycle. This concept is referred to as the MHD energy-bypass or AYAKS concept, a
Russian proposal for the engine cycle. The general concept is shown in Figure F-1. The
hypersonic airflow is ducted into a channel that contains an MHD generator, then to the scramjet
engine, and finally through an MHD accelerator. The purpose of the generator is to extract
kinetic energy from the inlet flow in the form of electrical power and to slow down the flow into
the scramjet. The bypassed electrical power is used to drive an accelerator section that increases
the velocity in the flow and contributes to the overall thrust and I,, to the vehicle. Inherently,
this concept will result in a net loss of thrust and IsP in the system, due to system losses in the
MHD cycle, unless there are large benefits of increased performance to the main vehicle and
scramjet engine, which is claimed to be the case. Some of the electrical power can be used to
power other devices on the platform, such as a DE weapon.


 This calculation is equivalent to one that assumes a Mach 10 flight path at constant q = 0.5pU2 = 0.5 bar.


                                                         F-1
                      MHD Power Extraction
                and Electrical Bypass Engine Concept

        Power Extraction


                                                Power             Electrical Bypass Engine
    Inlet Shock and FIowControl
                                              Conditioner


                     :


                                              E-beam sustainers


             Inlet                 MHD            Burner                 MHD
                                  Generator                            Accelerator


                                                                          AppNad rwyrks Group
                                                                           Priwcnlmn Unirmrsity


                           Figure F-1. The MHD Energy-Bypass orAYAKS Concept


Another concept involves the formation of a plasma in the bow shock, which could result in a
significant reduction in vehicle drag. This drag reduction has been demonstrated experimentally
on a small scale; however, the physical mechanisms of the process are not well understood. Two
different concepts have been considered: a diffuse low-density ionized cloud and a long, slender
"plasma aerospike." At speeds below Mach 12, the ionization produced by the hypersonic
heating of the airflow is insufficient to provide substantial ionization in the bow shock and to
provide consequent drag reduction. An independent source is required to produce the required
ionization, either in the ionized cloud or in the plasma aerospike. A number of sources have
been proposed for this purpose: DC, radiofrequency, and microwave plasma discharges; laser-
produced discharges; and electron and neutron beams. The production of a plasma aerospike
requires a laser or particle beam to produce the required spatial shape of the spike. All of these
plasma generators require electrical power, which would be supplied by the MHD generator, or
other possible electrical power sources.
Another concept involves vehicle directional control by generating a plasma in a surrounding
magnetic field on the front surface of the hypersonic vehicle. Varying the plasma parameters in


                                                           F-2
the magnetic field can change the direction of the airflow over the vehicle surface, which in turn
provides directional control of the vehicle. This concept could present significant advantages
over conventional vehicle control surfaces or thrusters in terms of power required and control
authority. This concept also requires onboard electrical power to produce and control the plasma
in the airflow.

The MHD-Scramjet Engine—AYAKS
The concept is to channel the airflow through an MHD generator, which reduces the velocity of
the air stream and produces electrical power. The airflow that exits the generator is introduced
into the inlet of the scramjet main engine of a hypersonic vehicle. The exit exhaust is then
channeled into an MT-ID accelerator, which produces a velocity increase in the flow. The
enthalpy in the flow is reduced and converted to electrical energy, which is bypassed around the
engine and then used to reaccelerate the gas flow in the accelerator section. Typically 20 to
60 percent of the bypass enthalpy is required to get significant increased performance of the
scramjet. The intent is to reduce the airflow enthalpy at the engine by reducing the velocity and
pressure at the engine inlet. The ideal would be to reduce the velocity at the scramjet inlet to the
combustion chamber to a subsonic level, to allow lower temperatures and more efficient
operation of the engine as a subsonic ramjet or conventional turbojet.
In practice, the aim is to control the inlet velocity and delay the transition to supersonic flow in
the combustion chamber over a wide range of vehicle inlet Mach numbers and flight conditions.
This has two apparent effects: (1) the operation of the engine in the ramjet or turbojet mode
produces a large Is, and is much more efficient than in the scramjet mode, and (2) there is a
significant reduction in drag produced by the engine. It is asserted in some analyses that the
major drag experienced by the vehicle is due to internal engine drag itself.
Most of the system analyses for these concepts have been based on a design that originated out
of the AYAKS project, which was proposed by a group of Russian scientists beginning in 1990.
These concepts were later modeled in greater detail by European and US scientists and were
reported in 1997-1998.1. 2 These studies also summarize the original references to the AYAKS
concept, which describe hypersonic aircraft with operating ranges of 4,800 km to 11,000 lam, and
some with ranges of 10,000 km to 19,000 km. The speeds are 3.61am/sec or about Mach 10. All
of the proposed concepts have a completely integrated MHD generator-accelerator system to
perform the functions discussed above.
A later study of a hypersonic aircraft and lift vehicles was performed by ANSER, Inc. for
NASA.3 This study attempted to obtain an estimate of the associated size and weights of a
hypersonic vehicle with an integrated MHD generator-accelerator system. To derive the system
volume and weight estimates for this study, many simplifying and optimistic assumptions were
made, a fact that the authors of the study readily point out. One of the major findings was that
the magnets required for the MHD system accounted for 80 percent of the weight in the system.
In effect, the study assumed that both the MHD electrical generator and accelerator had nearly
perfect conversion efficiency, that is, 50 percent of the energy in the flow could be converted
into electricity. In practice, most MHD generators built to date have achieved electrical
generation efficiencies of 3 percent or less. Any inefficiencies in the MHD system would greatly
increase the weight estimates projected by this study.


                                                 F-3
The early AYAKS studies projected great performance benefits for an integrated MHD—
hypersonic vehicle.• z The analyses indicate that the flow enthalpy reduction and operation in the
ramjet mode is the major effect. Calculations show that above a velocity of 8,000 ft/sec
(2.6 km/sec), the enthalpy bypass and inlet control alone increases the Isp by a factor of 4. There
is some decrease in Isp above a velocity of 12,000 ft/sec (4 km/s), but the overall gain in ISp is still
a factor of 2 to 3 over that of a scramjet operating at the same velocity. The required enthalpy
bypass was in the range of 20 percent to 69 percent. The engine drag reduction increases these
gains by an additional 50 percent.
Later analyses of the AYAKS concept predicted a much lower performance increase.4. 5, 6, 7, 8 All
of these studies were limited to a thermodynamic treatment of the gas flow or a Eulerean
treatment of flow variables and shocks, both inviscid (Euler) and viscous (Navier-Stokes) flow.
They were essentially limited to conservation of energy and assumed that all of the flow energy
could be extracted as electricity with no losses and that the electrical power could be used to
accelerate the flow, again with no losses. The analysis presented later will show that the
maximum electrical extraction efficiency of the electrical generator is 50 percent of the free-
stream energy. This could be an important issue in some of the analyses. The flow was assumed
to be adiabatic and isentropic in the inviscid calculations, with a constant ratio for the specific
heats. In Reference 4, the increase in Lp ranged from 10 percent to 30 percent for electrical
enthalpy bypass fractions of 5 percent to 20 percent. Although ionization of the gas was
included, it was treated only in terms of energy loss to ionization and conservation of energy.
The work in Reference 5 included viscous effects to explore inlet diffuser performance for the
scramjet. They indicated that an MHD bypass had little effect for inviscid flows but substantial
effect when viscous effects were included. In Reference 6, they found that in viscous flow, the
introduction of the MHD bypass resulted in an increase in the Mach number in the scramjet inlet,
not a decrease as predicted previously. The work in Reference 7 indicates that the performance
envelope of ramjet operation can be pushed to higher Mach numbers using MUD enthalpy
bypass schemes. They show that the maximum flight Mach number can be increased from
Mach 6 to Mach 12 by increasing the bypass enthalpy by 75 percent. Conversely, little
performance gain is expected for bypass ratios of less than 40 percent. This is a serious
constraint for the MHD bypass scheme.
In the above analyses, there were many optimistic assumptions. There was no realistic treatment
of the plasma effects in the MI-ID generator or accelerator, the ionization processes, the non-
equilibrium molecular processes in the gas (such as a constant ratio of specific heats), and
realistic engineering details such as magnetic field and electrode design. All of these processes
will greatly reduce the performance of the MID enthalpy bypass concept.
A more realistic analysis of the MHD generator and accelerator systems has been performed by a
group at Princeton University? We will consider this analysis in more detail in order to illustrate
the various factors that influence a practical MHD design.

Fundamentals of MID Electrical Generators and Generator-Accelerator Systems
In this section we consider the basic physics of an MUD electrical generator and accelerator
system and the major design factors that govern system efficiency and power extraction. For
convenience, we adopted the concept presented and analyzed by the Princeton group.9 The


                                                  F-4
generator accelerator concept is shown in Figure F-1. Note that this system requires a separate
propulsion system to maintain the velocity of the vehicle. Otherwise the system shown is a
"perpetual propulsion" machine.
The MHI) generator produces electricity from the flow of an electrical current traversing a
magnetic field (the Faraday effect). This is the same principle involved in a conventional
rotating machinery electrical generator. The electrical current is produced by the flow of ionized
gas through the channel. The magnetic field needs to be perpendicular to the gas flow to
maximize the interaction process. The generated electric field and current flow are perpendicular
to both the gas flow and the magnetic field. Electrodes are placed on the sidewall of the channel
to extract this electrical power. This configuration is called a Faraday generator. There are also
an electric field and current produced along the gas flow, which is called the Hall effect. It is
possible to configure electrodes at each end of the flow channel to extract electrical power from
the Hall field and current. The Faraday electrodes are short circuited to drive the Hall currents.
This configuration is called a Hall generator.
It is essential that the gas flow input to the generator be sufficiently ionized so that the above
interactions occur efficiently and deliver significant power. Some ionization can be produced by
heating the inlet airstream. However, even at temperatures of 3,000° K the ionization is
insufficient to achieve efficient operation of the generator. For comparison, stagnation
temperatures for Mach 12 flow are typically 3,000° K, so that this value of Mach number is
about the threshold for thermal ionization of air. Conventional MHD generators provide large
ionization densities by seeding the inlet gas flow with an easily ionized material such as cesium
or potassium. This ionization technique has also been considered for a hypersonic vehicle. The
Princeton group has proposed the use of a high-voltage electron beam to provide the required
high-ionization density in the MUD channel. This is a technique that has been pioneered and
developed in the high-energy laser community for the past two decades. The method is very
effective and flexible for producing ionization in the hypersonic gas-flow stream. It is not
without its engineering problems, however. One Russian proposal for the AYAKS concept
proposes the use of a neutron beam to produce the required ionization density. This method is
far less efficient than an electron beam because the neutrons interact much more weakly with the
gas than charged particles do.
Following is a brief quantitative analysis of the MUD generator and accelerator which follows
the development in Reference 10, further adopting the Princeton configuration shown in
Figure F-2. The electric fields and currents generated by the interaction processes are related by
a generalized Ohms law of the form

                       jy   = a [ (1+blbe) (Ey. -UB) + beEx ]/[(1 + bibe)z + b02]
                       jx
                            = a [ (1+babe) Ex - be (Ey 4JB) ]/[(1 + blbe)Z + be2]
where b; = £2;'t;, the Hall parameter for ions, I, and electrons, e. The Hall parameter is expressed
in terms of the magnetic gyrofrequency S2; = e;B/m; and the momentum collisional decay time 2;
for the ions and electrons. The electrical conductivity is expressed as a = nee2¢Jme, where ne is
the electron density. Note that the electrical conductivity and Hall parameter are related through
the magnetic field, B, and electron density. The above equations are quite general for all
electrode configurations and for both the generator and accelerator. These expressions do not


                                                   F-5
take into account the effects of ion slip, however; we will discuss this effect later. We have
assumed that the magnetic and electric fields are spatially uniform in the cross section of the
channel, as is the gas flow. Calculations for more realistic geometries and field configurations
will reduce the power extraction efficiencies significantly.

We now consider a closely spaced series of segmented electrodes as shown in Figure F-2. In this
electrode configuration, the value of jx is necessarily zero. Combining the two above equations
results in a single expression for j,

                                               jy = t (Ey -UB)/(1 + brbe)

If the generator electrodes are open circuit, jy = 0, and Ey = UB, the maximum electric field that
can be produced by the generator. Under short-circuit conditions, E = 0. Since the magnitude of
the power density generated in the flow is         we note that the maximum power output will
occur for some intermediate value of the electric field. This is equivalent to impedance matching
of the load to the source impedance to promote maximum power transfer.

                                                                                  Jy


                                                                    windows


    flow                                                                          MHD Accelerator


                                     e-beams

           near-electrode boundary layers     electrodes


                                   9                                                   MHD Generator
                                                   Ay
                                   ►1
             e-beams                                     e-beams
                                  ► ~ z


           boundary layers         O        electrodes
                                                                              *ppleed Ptsys rx Grp;,p . s
                                                                               P ivKs*Dn EUu      It
                       Channel cross section

              Figure F-2. Geometrical and Electrical Configuration Used for the MHD Analysis


These ideas can be quantified by defining the parameter K = E/UB. Since signs are now
important, the electrical power density in the flow is given by P = —Ey jy, and the power density
can be written in the form

                                            P = K(I -K) U2B2 6/(1 + btbe)


                                                              F-6
The power density maximizes for K =1/2, which is a statement of impedance matching. If the
Hall parameter b is small for both ions and electrons, the maximum power density that can be
extracted from the gas flow is P = 0.25 aU2B2. This is the expression used in the ANSER and
AYAKS studies." 2' 3 As indicated previously, this is a very optimistic estimate for the electrical
power extraction. We now consider a more realistic estimate for the power extraction.
A large Hall parameter effectively reduces the conductivity in the gas flow and reduces the
electrical power density proportionally. This is expressed quantitatively by

                                           O=   aoi(1 + blbe)
The Hall currents tend to oppose the Faraday currents. Ion slip is another deleterious effect not
included in the above analysis. Physically, this results from the fact that the local velocity of
ions and electrons "slips" behind the average flow velocity of the gas molecules. In the design of
MHD generators, the effects of ion slip are also governed by the Hall parameter; consequently
the Hall parameter is sometimes referred to as the slip parameter. The effects of ion slip are
given by
                                          u1=   U/(1 + f bebI)
where f is the inverse ionization fraction. No ionization corresponds to f = 1 and complete
ionization to f = 0. Ion slip effects are particularly important for low-ionization fractions. A
similar expression applies to the electric current.
If we now use the values of ne = 10'2/cm3 and B = 7 T adopted by the Princeton design, we
obtain the value of £2o = 1012/sec. At a reduced gas pressure of 0.04 atm, 1/; = 4x1010/sec.
Consequently, the electron Hall parameter be = 52e2e = 25 and the electrical conductivity a =1
mho/m. These values are consistent with those derived by the Princeton group. The value of
bobs can be expressed as          be? (me t r/m1 tie). The mobility is defined as µI = e t1/m; so bebI =
                           bebI =
bog (µ1/µe). Typically, µ1/µe is 0.1-0.01 so that bebI can achieve values of 5 to 50, with a
proportional decrease in conductivity and extracted power. In a weakly ionized gas, the major
collisional losses of the ions and electrons are with the neutral gas; the electrons lose a fraction
(mjm1)v2 of their energy during a collision while the ions experience a hard-sphere collision and
lose almost all of their energy; consequently t°,/te = (mi/mo)12. The value of bebI = bee
(mJm1)1/2. The value of (mi/mo)v2 = 40 (At)"2, where At is the atomic mass of the neutral gas
molecules. This simple analysis indicates that there can be a large reduction in the electrical
power density that can be extracted from an MHD generator due to Hall currents and ion slip.
The configuration analyzed by the Princeton group included these effects, those of variable flow
geometry, and spatial nonuniformities along the flow due to slowing of the gas stream with
electrical power extraction. Their results indicate that about 30 percent of the flow power could
be extracted in the form of electrical power. In more detail, they assumed K = 0.447, a flow
velocity of 1,742 m/sec (Mach 4.6), an inlet gas pressure of 0.04 atm, and a duct inlet area of
1/16 m2. The power per unit area of flow in the neutral gas is 0.5pU3A or 6x106 W. The
extracted power calculated for these conditions is 3 MW, or about 50 percent of the inlet power
in the gas flow. Their calculations indicate 35.2 percent power extraction efficiency. The
electron beam that is used to produce the ionization requires 178 kW, which is small compared
to the flow or the extracted power.


                                                   F-7
At higher inlet flow velocities of 2,331 m/sec, they obtain 6 MW of electrical power at an
extraction efficiency of 26 percent. In these two examples, the inlet flow power has increased by
(2.3/1.7)3 = 2.4. The extracted electrical power increased about a factor of 2, which results in a
lower extraction efficiency. The value of K was increased to 0.465.
It is useful to discuss the efficiency calculation in more detail. Most of our estimates of
efficiency have been defined in terms of the ratio of extracted electrical power to the kinetic
power in the gas flow, q=0.5 p U3. In fact, one should also include the internal enthalpy in the
flow which adds a term of the form p C, T, where C, and T are the specific heat at constant
pressure and the gas temperature respectively. When this term is taken into account in the
previous calculation, the extraction efficiency is decreased to about 30 percent. This value is
now in good agreement with the Princeton group analysis.
In general, in variable area flow with no heat addition, C, T + 0.5 UZ and p U A are constants in
the gas flow. The power in the gas flow at any position with area A is just the product of these
two expressions or (CP T U + 0.5 U3 ) p A , which is also a constant as must be the case from
conservation of energy. Consequently, we can normalize the extracted electrical power to any
position in the flow that is convenient; the free stream inlet, the engine inlet, the engine exhaust,
or other. Although a Ramjet or Scramjet does add heat to the air flow, the internal enthalpy is
usually smaller than the kinetic terms in the flow, and the velocity increase is small. By
normalizing to the kinetic flow energy, one gets an upper bound estimate for the extraction
efficiency, which is sufficient for our purposes. Any shock waves in the flow duct or viscous
effects will tend to further lower the extraction efficiency.
We now consider other factors that further lower the extraction efficiency. The above analysis
assumes that the magnetic is uniform over the whole volume of the gas flow in the channel.
However, in a realistic analysis, a larger magnetic field and field volume are required to
uniformly fill a given volume of space, due to fringing fields alone. This comment is particularly
relevant to the magnetic field configurations considered for the AYAKS concept designs. The
construction of a uniform field over a surface of a hypersonic vehicle involves the use of a
multipole magnet field configuration. Multipole magnets are notorious for their nonuniformity.
While the concept can be made to work, one must allow for the fact that the extraction
efficiencies are going to be significantly lower than calculated above. The same comment
applies to ionization generation, drag reduction, and vehicle control.
Similar comments apply to the electric field uniformity for segmented electrodes. In this case,
the segmentation not only produces electric field nonuniformities, but there are processes in the
boundary layer in the flow next to the electrodes that can cause arcing, electrode erosion, and
other deleterious effects due to the large Hall parameter in the boundary layer. There is also
significant heating near the walls, which further complicates the boundary layer effects.
One important effect is the enthalpy loss in the kinetic flow energy due to vibrational excitation
of the nitrogen in the air—that is, a reduced value of the specific heat ratio, y. The electric field
produced in the Princeton analysis is KUB = 6,000 V/m = 60 V/cm at a gas pressure of 0.04 atm.
These values translate to an E/p = 1.5 kV/cm-atm = 2 V/cm-ton•. These values are too low to
produce significant ionization in the gas, but are almost optimum for producing significant
vibrational excitation in the gas. This is an effect that is used in high-power carbon-dioxide
lasers to optimize vibrational excitation. Both calculations and experiments show that under


                                                 F-8
these excitation conditions, almost 90 percent of the electrical energy input is converted into
vibrational excitation of the nitrogen. The vibrational energy becomes "frozen" in the flow and
is unavailable for electrical power extraction. This frozen flow effect is used in the high-power
carbon-dioxide dynamic lasers. The vibrational effects were recognized by the Princeton group
and included in their analysis.

System Analysis Guidelines for Evaluating MHD Concepts for Hypersonic Vehicles
Taking into account all the above efficiency factors could yield estimates of a realistic electrical
power extraction for MHD generators. However, this requires a level of analysis beyond the
scope of this work. Instead, we resort to the literature on experimental demonstrations of MHD
power generation. This was a very active field in the 1960s and 1970s. The best extraction
efficiency that was produced under optimized conditions was 3 percent for a 600-kW generator
(AVCO-Mark III). The largest generator built was the AVCO-Mark VI, which produced 11 MW
at a 1 percent extraction efficiency. At 10 MW and larger power levels, it would seem
reasonable that a realistic MHD generator efficiency could be 1 percent, with a design goal of
10 percent.
A typical overall generator-accelerator efficiency may then be 0.0001 or 0.01 percent. Any
external power extraction would reduce these values further. Any system analysis of MHD
concepts for hypersonic vehicles should use the above values to determine the utility of the
concept. Electrical power extraction for external use on the hypersonic vehicle should be scoped
for a maximum extraction efficiency of 1 percent, with a future goal of 10 percent. It may be
that clever methods to connect the generator and accelerator will result in a much improved
performance.
As we will show, most of the above analysis and comments also apply to MHD accelerators. To
reiterate, the current generated in an MHD device is expressed as

                                     jv = a (Er -UB)/(1 + bibe)
The vector force on an elemental volume of ionized material is given by F = jxB. The fact that
the magnetic field is along the z axis and that the perpendicular current is primarily due to
electrons in the above analysis gives a volume force along the flow direction of
                                    F = a B (E -UB)/(1 + bjbe)
If E/UB = K < 1, the force is directed opposite to the flow velocity. This slows the gas flow, and
this energy loss in the flow appears as electrical power. If K > 1, the force is positive and along
the flow. In this case, the flow is accelerated. All of the analysis for the MHD electrical
generator then applies to the MHD accelerator, except that K> 1.
It is useful to define a force coefficient, C = F/0.5 p U2, which is the ratio of the MHD force to
the pressure exerted by the neutral gas flow. If we now define the dimensionless parameter Q as
                                         Q`=aB2 L/p U,
we can write the force equation in the form
                                FL = (IC-1) Q' 0.5 p UZ/(1 + blbe)


                                                F-9
where F L is the force per unit area exerted on the flowing gas and L is the length of the flow
channel. If we now define the quantity C L = F L/0.5 p U2, the statement that C L = 1 is one of
exact pressure balance between the MHD forces and the gas flow. This constraint then requires
that I K-1 Q/(1 + bibe) < 1. For the generator, K = %2 for maximum power extraction. Q' is
then limited to values such that Q* <2 (1 + bibe).

The maximum power extraction per unit area of duct for the MHD generator averaged over a
length L is then given by

                       P L = K (1-K) Q~ 0.5 p U3/(1 + bibe) <K (0.5 p U3)
This is now the maximum power that can be extracted from the flow. For K ='/2, the maximum
efficiency is 50 percent. This is because extraction efficiency decreases over the flow length as
the flow is slowed. The flow at the end cannot be reduced to zero. For 50 percent extraction
efficiency, the flow velocity is reduced by 21/2 at the exit.

In the generator, K> 1 so that the power delivered to the flow field is only

                               P L = K (1-K) Q* 0.5 p U3/(1 + bibe)

But now the constraint is I K-1 I Q~/(1 + bibe) =1 so that Q is less for the generator than the
accelerator since K> 1. In principle, the flow can be accelerated to any velocity with
100 percent conversion efficiency.

Relation Between Ionization and Magnetic Field
Although it would appear in the earlier analysis of the power extraction in an MHD generator
that the ionization fraction, magnetic field, flow velocity, and duct length are independent
variables, the constraint on Q derived from the conservation of energy couples all of these
parameters. The expression for Q can be rewritten in terms of the ionization fraction a as

                                  Q~ = a bibe t     /tii (1 + f2 bibe)
where 'r = L/UI is the transit time of an ion through the channel length L. We have used the
relation that UI = U/(1 +f bibe). For large Hall parameters, the constraint on Q fixes L by the
relation that t /ti =1, which is a statement that at least one ion collision must occur in an ion
transit time through a length L of the MHD channel.
The constraint on Q was derived above by conservation of energy and pressure balance. In fact,
the plasma physics forces a constraint on Q that occurs at large power extractions from the gas
flow. These limiting processes involve the increased ion slip as indicated in the above
expression for Q~ as a function of the inverse ionization fraction f= (1-a).

Findings and Recommendations
The use of various plasma processes to reduce drag on supersonic and hypersonic vehicles
appears to be very attractive and should be pursued with a high priority by the Air Force. The
use ofplasmas to provide flight control of a hypersonic vehicle also appears to have great
potential, as does the use of MHD concepts on hypersonic vehicles to reduce drag and optimize
ramjet and scramjet performance. It should be noted, however, that most of this increased


                                                  F-10
performance accrues due to the resulting inlet velocity and pressure control on the scramjet
engine. The analyses to date of this particular effect are too crude to evaluate the real potential
of the concept. All of the modeling tools, however, have been developed to evaluate
nonequilibrium and plasma processes in the MHD system, as well as the engineering issues for
the MI-IT) generator and accelerator. Until these performance analyses have been carried out, it
is premature to speculate on any enhancements in the performance of the scramjet/ramjet
hypersonic aircraft. The same is true for the MHD electrical generation concept.
An alternative is to generate the electricity from an onboard lox-hydrogen turbo alternator. This
technology is compact, and it is ready today for power sources at the 10-MW level. Hypersonic
vehicles with speeds in excess of Mach 8 must carry hydrogen fuel. Small amounts of this fuel
could then be used to power the lox-hydrogen turboalternator. Any system analysis of these
power-generation concepts should present a performance and weight comparison between MHD
and lox-hydrogen turboalternators.
Future work should focus on detailed and realistic modeling of MI-ID generators and accelerators
on hypersonic vehicles particularly the basic processes and the engineering design. The
Princeton group analysis appears to be the most detailed and realistic to date. However, much
remains to be done in determining the limitations on electrical power output and extraction
efficiency for MUD devices. A strong experimental program should be coupled to this modeling
effort in order to validate the understanding of the mechanisms basic to MHD devices in
hypersonic flows. No vehicle demonstration program is warranted until this modeling and
experimental program is complete. A similar program is needed involving the plasma concepts
developed for drag reduction and vehicle flight control.

References

1. Claudio Bruno and Paul A. Czysz, "An Electro-Magnetic Chemical Hypersonic Propulsion
   System," AIAA 8th International Space Planes and Hypersonics Systems and Technologies
   Conference, 27-30 April 1998, Norfolk, VA; AIAA paper 98-1582.

2. Claudio Bruno, Paul A. Czysz, and S.N.B. Murthy, "Electro-magnetic Interactions in
   Hypersonic Propulsion System," 33rd AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion
   Conference and Exhibit, 6-9 July 1997, Seattle, WA; AIAA paper 97-3389.

3. R. L. Chase, R. Boyd, P. Czysz, H. D. Froning, M. Lewis, and L. McKinney, "An Advanced
   Highly Reusable Transportation System Definition and Assessment Study," ANSER:
   technical report 97-1, September 1997.

4. D. I. Brichin, A. L. Kuranov, and E. G. Sheikin, "The Potentialities of MHD Control for
   Improving Scramjet Performance," AIAA paper 99-4969, AIAA Aerospace Sciences
   Meeting, Norfolk, VA, November 1999.

5. V. Kopchenov, A. Vatazhin, and O. Gouskov, "Estimation of the Possibility of the Use of
   MHD Control in a Scramjet," AIAA paper 99-4971, AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting,
   Norfolk, VA, November 1999.


                                                F-il
6. A. B. Vatazhin, V. I. Kopchenov, and O. V. Gouskov, "Some Estimations of the Possibility
   to Use the MHD Control for Hypersonic Flow Deceleration," AIAA paper 99-4972, AIAA
   Aerospace Sciences Meeting, Norfolk, VA, November 1999.

7. V. A. Bityurin, J. T. Linebury, R. J. Litchford, and J. W. Cole, "Thermodynamics and
   Analysis of the AJAX Concept," AIAA invited paper 2000-0445, 38th AIAA Aerospace
   Sciences Meeting, Reno, NV, January 2000.

8. B. Burakhanov, A. Likhachev, S. Medin, V. Novikov, V. Okunev, and V. Rickman,
   "Advancement of Scramjet MHD Concept," 38th AIAA Aerospace Sciences Meeting, Reno,
   NV, January 2000.

9. R. Miles and S. Macheret, "MHD-Air Plasma Processes for Hypersonics," presentation to the
   Air Force Scientific Advisory Board, 28 March 2000. See also current AIAA papers
   99-4800 and 99-3635.

10. George W. Sutton and Arthur Sherman, Engineering Magnetohydrodynamics, New York:
    McGraw Hill, 1965; chapters 13 and 14.


                                            F-12
                                    Appendix G
                Physical Considerations for Hard-Target Penetrators

Background
The science and measurement of penetration of materials by long-rod penetrators has been
studied for many years. It has major applications in the areas of armor penetration and deep
earth penetrators. The interaction physics is different in these two applications, and it depends
strongly on the velocity of the penetrator. The momentum and kinetic energy of a cylindrical rod
traveling at velocity V with a mass M at impact is given by I = MV and KB = MV /2
            a


respectively. A steel penetrator with a mass of 300 kg (660 lb) moving at 1.21cm/sec
(4,000 f1/sec) has a kinetic energy of 216 MJ, or an energy equivalent of approximately 50 kg
(1001b) of high explosive. An explosion of this magnitude produces a hole about 1 m deep in
loose soil. The large penetration depths produced by a rod penetrator result from the fact that a
large force per unit area or pressure is produced at impact, and this pressure persists for a long
period compared to the detonation of high explosives.
The kinetic energy per unit area of the penetrator is roughly given by mV2, where m is the mass
per unit area or areal density; for a rod, this is given by m = pP L, where p, is the density of the
penetrator. Since the area of the penetrator is it D2/4 and the mass is M = p, L x area, we can
write kinetic energy per unit area as WA x V2/2. The first term has the units of pressure, and the
second is just the kinetic energy per unit mass or the specific kinetic energy. The penetration
depth in a target should increase as some function of these two terms—up to a point.
The pressure induced in the penetrator at impact is just p, V2. When this value is comparable to
the yield stress of the penetrator material, the penetrator loses its mechanical strength, and the
material bends, breaks, or melts, depending on the value of specific kinetic energy. An
additional strength parameter of the penetrator is governed by the ratio of length-to-diameter
(L/D). In first approximation, the bending of a rod due to the loading force produced by the
deceleration of a penetrator in a target W is related by W« (L/D)-2.
The above relations can be stated more concisely. If the yield or flow stress of the material is Y,
then the ratio a = Y/p V2 determines the physics interaction regime for both the penetrator and
the target. When a =_ 1, the material has lost most of its strength. If a = 0.1, the material is
essentially a fluid and is now in a hydrodynamic regime. On the other extreme, if a =_ 10, the
material can be considered a true solid, and the mechanical properties of the material dominate
the interactions.
The regimes in which a is very large or very small can be calculated with simple theory, and the
predictions agree well with experiments. The regime in which 0.1 <a < 10 is a very difficult
regime in which to formulate a physical model and perform experiments, and it is under active
investigation.

Range of Interest
We now calculate the value of a for a steel penetrator and various target materials. The value of
the yield strength is nominally 170,000 psi =1.16 x109 Pa. The density is 7,900 kg/m3. In


                                                G-1
Table G-1, we calculate the value of a for several different impact speeds. We also calculate a
for targets of granite (Y = 450,000 psi) and 5,000-psi concrete. The density of concrete is
2,400 kg/m3 and the density of granite is 2,700 kg/m3.

                    Table G-1. Value of afor Various Materials and Impact Speeds

                 VeIo,ctty(f/sec).. :,Velocity(m/sec)   a(steel)   a(coric_rete): ,a(granitj):
                 3,000                     900          0.18       0.018           0.14
                 4,000                    1,200         0.1        0.01           0.074
                 5,000                    1,500         0.06       0.006          0.046
                 6,000                    1,800         0.045      0.0045         0.035

The numbers in Table G-1 indicate that a steel penetrator begins losing its strength at about
4,000 ft/sec (1,200 m/sec). At 6,000 ft/sec, one would expect that the penetrator would have
very little mechanical strength left and that the penetration would approach that of a fluid jet,
much like a shaped-charge penetrator. A second observation is that granite looks mostly like
steel in this velocity range, and the above observations apply also to a granite target. In concrete,
the onset of the hydrodynamic regime appears to occur even at the lowest velocity in Table G-1.
In the low-velocity regime, the interaction is like a solid-steel rod penetrating a target of putty.
In the higher-velocity regime, the penetration interaction is similar to the impact of putty on
putty, which is very complicated. At higher velocities, the interaction can be treated using the
simple conservation laws of fluid dynamics.

The above limits set by a are a~roximate, but should not vary by much over a factor of 2, and
consequently the velocity by 2 . The penetration depth also depends on the value of LID and
on the angle of the penetrator normal at impact with respect to the target. The major conclusion
is that for impacts of steel penetrators in granite and concrete, the maximum penetration depths
will occur for a velocity that is nominally 4,000 ft/sec. These numbers are in good agreement
with experimental results obtained under controlled conditions with small-diameter penetrators
in 5,000-psi concrete at Sandia National Laboratory. Researchers were able to achieve
4,500 f1/sec at a penetration depth of 12 ft with a 30-lb penetrator that had an L/D = 8 (L = 24
inches and D = 3.3 inches). However, if the off normal impact angle was larger than 1O, the
penetrator apparently bent and the velocity vector shifted almost 90° within the target. A
summary of these data is shown in Figures G-1 and G-2.1


                                                    G-2
              Damage to Concrete Target Due to
               30 lb Kinetic Energy Penetrator

                                                                                       Test setup
                                                                                       showing 3 16-ton
                                                                                       concrete blocks
                                                                                       and calibrated
                                                                                       screen for
                                                                                       measuring exit
                                                                                       velocity.


     BEFORE                                                                               Concrete blocks
                                            AFTER                                         after 30 lb.
                                                                                          projectile has
                   301b Penetrator
                                                                                          passed from left-to-
                                                                                          right. Note how
                                     030
                                                                                          blocks have been
                                                                                          physically
                                                                                          translated (they

       L.                                                                                 were in direct
                                                                                          contact) and
                                                                                          spalling has
                                                          Sandia National                 occurred. Note
                                                          Laboratories                    entry hole in block
                                                                                          on right side.


 Figure G-'l. Damage to a Concrete Target From a 30-lb Kinetic Energy Penetrator


            Summary of New Mexico Tests of 30 lb.
              Penetrator into Concrete Targets
 Test No.     AOA Slab Thickness Vu,        Vein
              (dee)      (ft)   (ftlsec)   (ftlsec)

1              1          9      3680       1524

                                                                        Concrete, 3/ 4" aggregate,
 2             1.5        9      4470         ?
                                                                        5000 psi ave. 28 day
                                                                        strength. Reinforced with
 3             1         12      4507         0                         #6 rebar on 8" center
                                                                                               as
4             0.5        12      4058       984                                             (~
                                                                3 ft block thickness   e ° 0"e~ iA


                                                                                                           #1


                                                                       #3
                                                                 #4 (final penetration
                                                                    depth on test #3
                                                                    was 53.25")
                                                                                         Sandia National
                                                                                         Laboratories


Figure G-2. Test Results From Driving a 30-lb Steel Penetrator Into Concrete Targets


                                                      G
Other less well-diagnosed experiments by Orbital Sciences Corporation that were presented to
the SAAB committee indicated that they could deliver a 300-kg (660-lb) penetrator with an impact
velocity of 4,000 ft/sec into an earth granite target. The measured depth of penetration was 45 ft.
The penetrator that was recovered after the experiment indicated little erosion and loss of
mechanical strength, although the penetrator did appear to be slightly bent. The length of the
penetrator was 5 ft and the diameter was 9 inches, which gives L/D = 6.6. The areal mass M/A =
10.4 psi. In another experiment, a 4-ft-long, 256-lb steel penetrator impacted granite at a
velocity of 3,300 ft/sec. The penetration depth was 31 ft in granite. The diameter of the
penetrator was 6 inches, which gives L/D = 8 and an WA = 9 psi. The penetrator in these tests
was a solid body with no interior space for a warhead. In a practical device, such space would be
required, which would weaken the mechanical strength of the penetrator and reduce the
penetration depth.
As a final example for comparison, we consider the deep penetrator gravity bomb, the GBU-28.
The device is 153 inches (12.75 ft) long and 16 inches in diameter, and it weighs 5,000 lb. The
impact velocity is 1,350 ft/sec (405 m/sec). The relevant values for this penetrator are L/D = 9.6
and WA = 24.8 psi. The impact velocity is very low compared to the values considered above
for high-speed impactors.
A summary of the above data and a comparison with calculations are presented in Figure G-3.
As indicated, the desired result is a high WA and a velocity that is as high as possible, up to
about 4,500 ft/sec. At this point, the penetrator loses mechanical strength or bends. A value of
L/D = 9 is about the maximum of the penetrator length to diameter ratio that can be achieved
without bending. Above a velocity of 4,500 fi/sec, the penetrator seems to rapidly lose
mechanical strength.It is an open question whether the penetration depth is maximum at this
velocity. All of the above considerations indicate that the penetration depth would not increase
substantially above this velocity; in fact, it must decrease in the hydrodynamic regime, where
analysis indicates that the ratio of penetration depth to penetrator length is approximately equal
to the ratio of the square root of the densities in the penetrator and the target. For steel and
granite, this ratio is only 1.7.


 These curves are based on an empirical expression for the penetration depth developed by C. W. Young at Sandia
  National Laboratory. The author cautions that the use of these functional expressions should be limited to
  projectile velocities of less than 3,500 ft/sec for the reasons presented in the text.


                                                      G-4
                                      Velocity & Weight/Area Ratio are
                                    Important Parameters for Penetration
                               40                                                                          Predicted depth of
                                              Upper velocity                                               penetration into semi-
                               35
                                          bound for gravity bombs          L                  9.9
                                                                                                           infinite slab of 6000 psi
                                              I                      ,     I                               concrete, ref: Forrestal, et.al
                                              I                      I     I


      Penetration Depth (ft)
                                              I                      I     I            I
                               30            -I                --t         r
                                                                     II                                           BLU-113/B
                               25                                                                          —•— BLU-109/B
                                                 I                   I     I
                                                 I                   I     I
                                                 I                   I                                     -A-    1-800
                               20            1                       Y
                                                                                                           -$-    165 Ib, 5.5" OD
                                                     W/A = 26.7 psi I
                               15            J
                                                                                                           —O- 70 Ib, 3" OD
                                                                     I
                                                                     I
                                                                                                           —O- 30 Ib, 3" OD
                               10

                                5


                                                                                                            • Increasing impact velocity
                                            1000                 2000     3000         4000         5000    • Increasing weight-to-area
                                                                                                              ratio
                                                        Impact Velocity (ft/sec)

                                                                                                                  Sandia National
                                                                                                                  Laboratories


                                    Figure G-3. The Effect of Velocity and Weight/Area Ratio on Penetration

Figure G-4 and Figure G-5 further clarify the above analysis.2 An impact velocity of 5,000 ft/sec
lies in the middle of the diagram in Figure G-4, indicating the brittle or ductile regime of the
penetrator material. The matrix shown in Figure G-5 indicates the basic interaction physics
regimes in terms of the parameter a = 6/P (note the inverse definition of alpha used in the table)
for both the penetrator and the target. Note that earth penetrators operate in the (1,3) region
whereas hypersonic impacts on concrete occur in the (3,1) region. The impact of a 4,000 ft/sec
penetrator with a granite target occurs in the (2 and 3) region of the chart.


                                                                                 G-5
                                                       Brittle
                                                                       Ductile
              Ww VEWCITY                                                                 ®° ExPtO54VE REGIY4
                  REGION= ',                                                                  -CProjectile
                                                                                                         and Sana
              (Projeatilt                                                                       Target Matfi _>
               •undtformQd).                                                                    Vopodzas Suddenly )
                                                                          HYPERVELOCITY
                              ,TRANSfl ON                                     REGION
                              ,,•REGlO                                    (Fluid Eftaets
                                                                           Oominott
                                   •
                                       (ProiStile„                 '


                                                                           MaTerid Strength
                    o'                               Daforme, or           Ntgligibtt)
                                                     Fragmartts)                                        2347


                                                                    IO-
          .303                                                     3.OS                           30.S A km%sot   )


                                                                 PROJECTILE VELOCITY

  Figure G-4. Notional Plot   of                     the Penetrator Performance and Mechanical Properties as a Function   of


                                                                  Impact Velocity

Findings and Conclusions
Both experiments and the basic physics of hypersonic penetrator interactions with targets
indicate that the maximum useful impact velocity is about 4,500 to 5,000 ft/sec for steel
penetrators. Larger velocities will result in a loss of mechanical strength, bending of the
penetrator, and decreased penetration depth. The penetration depth depends on the value of the
mass-to-area ratio, WA, of the penetrator and L/D. For experiments to date, M/A <25 psi and
L/D < 10. All penetrator experiments, calculations, and data are consistent with these findings.
However, it is important to continue well-controlled experiments to determine the maximum
useful velocity to maximize the penetration depth in various targets.
All of the above limits assume normal impact on the surface of the target and a homogenous
material in the target. Any inhomogeneities in the target—such as large rock aggregate, large
voids, and layered or angled slabs—would tend to exacerbate the bending or deflection of the
penetrator and would reduce the penetration depth. The same effect may occur with an
overburden of loose soil on the target. The off-angle impacts on the target must be less than 1°
to 2°, or the penetrator will bend and the penetration depth will be reduced. Attacks on unknown
targets may be more effective with penetrators of lower than maximum velocity, which would
alleviate the off-normal impact requirement and inhomogeneous effects of the targets. Further
analysis and trade-off studies are required in this important area.

Benefits of a Hypersonic Penetrator
Comparison of the weights of a large gravity bomb and an equivalent hypersonic penetrator
indicate that the penetrator can be reduced from 5,000 to 250 lb to get a comparable penetration
depth. Since the penetration depth is proportional to WA x VZ/2, a reduction of 20 times in


                                                                            G-6
mass can be traded for a 201/2 increase in velocity. For the GBU-28, the impact velocity is
1,300 ft/sec. Using the above scaling, the velocity must be increased to 5,800 ft/sec. In practice,
the velocity scaling is more favorable, and the scaled velocity is only about 3,000 ftlsec. This
could be an important advantage for use with hypersonic strike aircraft or UAVs.
A booster motor on a hypersonic penetrator could provide precision control on the point of
impact and angle of impact of the penetrator. These are both important parameters in
maximizing the penetration depth of the weapon.


                                               Matrix of Impact Regimes


                                         <ct `
                                      Cr,
                       <c1" Elastic collisions        Concrete penetrators -    Earth penetrators
                    Qe                (11) -                 (12)'                    (1,3)'
                            Low speed impactof • Long rod penetrators - '        _ High-Speed.
                   i .al, --a soft body on a,hard ; = and EFPs; anti-amror'' , , coccitthock
                     ar              objox-•               problems -             -penetrators 4
                                   -'..(2j).         _       (2,2).      "-_.    _ s.'(2;3) ? ._. .
                           ~hghspeed'iinpact'of•                                    _ ,.     c ...
                                                                              Hypervelocity rmpaa;.
                   P »1     asoftbody     on a hard     Fluid-jet cutting
                                                                               shaped=chargelets
                    Or             'objed                    (3,2)
                                      (3.1)


                                    P tr,pvr
                                    p = material density
                                    v     impactyelocity'
                                    a1. = projectilestrgngth
                                    6r' = target strength

            Note: ingeneral, the corner regimes have. simpler solutions.,


            Transition Path. for Penetrating Warheads

                                    (1,2) Low velocity impact
                                         ' Penetratornotgreatlydeformed

                                    (2,2) Moderate-to.high-velocity impact
                Increasing;.„„_           'Plastic'deformatioa of the penetrator
                Velocity
                                    (2;3)      High-velooityimpact
                                            ... Complete penetrator break-up; erosion, stability;;e•tal,~ are of
                                                major concein

                                    ,(3;3) " Hypervelbcty.impact
                                             Complete penetrator flow


 Figure G5. Matrix Diagram Indicating the Important MechanicalProperties in Both the Penetrator and
                     Target at Different Impact Velocities and Internal Pressures


                                                            G-7
                         Appendix H
Why and Whither Hypersonics Research in the US Air Force Briefing


                   Headquarters U1S. Air Force


             Why & Whither Hypersonics
               Research in the USAF

                                                              /01. Ron
                                                              Scientific Advisory
                                                                      Board
                                                                   Summer 200
     U.S. AIR FORCE


       4j
                                                                               Preview
     U.&- AIR iFC3RC I


         ■ The USAF alteady has some impod~tnt hypersonic systems
         ■ For the Air Force Vision of "controlling and exploiting the full
           aerospace continuum" to become reality. the USAF should focus on
           spat a and tr_ansatmosphink operations
            • C lean etateinent f mliitary' mission re uiremente are needed
            ■ it responsive iaunch to flexible spec. orbits end maneuv+ring l9i $ tat
              orbitei altitudes are required
                    • USAF IWe!1% !v aam4ion from axp.r%dablt fo t+rusabM launch YeiIc*s
                    oGket or a r bre*h►19 hypete0tMt aRerneliuos are viable
                    a
                    • The pury iS out a i ma beatisrnatr. e
              ■ Conwersitty, it responsive leunchto fre•:ible space obits and maneuvering
                fhgiTt at sub-orbital attitudes ayr• not r~,quirsd, the fir Force can probes
                live with expendable launch vehicles
              • Mr breathing hypersonics could pro Ids the capabibiy sritth tame
                rintereetxnu spin-offs:
                    • Mcese let     bai aeec etrtralki SIR of EieA v sterol-tcsCn s ,Ms
                    • inllareM a raspae• wpNlortty with dr.c 4 nery4 pnycasatan •nga9 m 1 t
         • There is a great opportunity to teveracie NASA `s inves twM
         ■ Its time to make the Vision a reality

                           ~Iefir~rFi,~ - ~+rr~*Rt~r - Bac~+e~t~ar~ae


                                                   H-1
                                            Terms of Reference
u. aiw ~•vnc p

     ■ Build on the National Research Council f1NRCf hypersonics report
     ■ Review the AIr Fotce Research La otatairy (AFRLJ roadmap
     • Develop operational concepts In both narrative ,rind strategy-to-tasks
       formats that require hypersonics speeds Iincluding sustained
       hypersonic speeds4 to en.1hla underwrite air f0rr8 cap:ahilities to
       achieve operational objectives
         r Consider the multi-week planning cycles at National Command
           Authority 4NCAM level and explain why conventional platforms
           can't perform the national security m ission given days and days-
           to-weeks of true-e~to.preposition
     a Recommend a time-phased investment plan based on operational
       need and technology availability. This plan will identify key S&T
       investments, exit criteria, demonstrations necessary for transition to
       BMD decisions, and considerations for speeds beyond mach 8
     * Form a red team to argue the proposition that hypersonic has no
       military utility. or at least nor►g given costs and available wotk-
       arounds
                  ~Tr3#ta'r~=d} - SeruJof - E                re!lfnoe


                                                               Study Team
U   AIQ FORCE


                                  Ron Fuchs Chai 'l
                                  BG Dave Deptula IGO Panccipant~
                                  Maj Doug Amon I Exe c
        fps Concepts                   Red Team                Invest
        Dave Frout IChair)         i orn McMshar7 (Chair)       Arms
          Dave Veset                mar=y Geer'wvc,d                    Ray Chase
        Buck E3uchmnan                    Gerrard                       Prod Bill
        Natalie Crawford              .iohn Jaqu s~                Racy Johnson
           Torn Cnjse                   Dean Juacl                Ann * vagrnpan
           Dick Hallion               Howard Sc ue                  Shetnrn MuU n
          George drton               l~d   Y ai'y r oYy`ch         Jison 8     yrr
       Carat Matt Murdouh          Cast ;)av d „ab'onsk            Dam Van W3.
                                                                   Vmcs siauach
                                                                  LtCol.Dan He*le
                                                                 Capt Sue Na.*bn *


                  i,      a   r   y - Serirsee - ExeeHro►oe


                                           H-2
                                       The Many Faces of


      For this study's
    purpose we simply
  define "hypersonic" as
         )Mach 5.
   (or about 1 mileisec)


The AF has been
 hypersonic bu
for over 4) y
 study that
 breathing
       systil


          Headquarters U.S. Air Force
          Integrity        - Serriee    Exeell.   nre


                                       Background
                                       Information


 U.S. AIR FORGE


                                H-3
                                              History of Hypersonics
                                     Integrating Air and Space

    •      V-2    : to
                MPER WAC
                                                8 - fl tai E     Hypersonic
                                                                                                az
                                                                                           >n
                                          •     •    k -)SA-'a            %i ml.
                                •    , A-12 XS-70
                       •        zy
            •     1a asp
            xi
    •
  M! 143


                   1                 I                   I            I              I               I
1940              1950               1460              1970          1580           1990         2000

                       !,       rprity        - Servrae - ExarHrnar


       I
                                              History of Hypersonics

                 "Old Faithful:" Cyclical Fits and Starts
              RYNA-SOAR,                            X•24C.                  NASP,
            AEROSPACEPLANE                          Ni-IFRF                HOTOL,
                                                                          SANGER 8


                                                                            1+:►r
                           fr    egrFiy       - Seraiar          - Exarl~rnoe


                                                      H-4
                                  History of Hypersonics
U.S AI Rt FORCE


      "Hr ctort' .liar Not Rgwat, but it Sure Doe* Rhyme'
              HYPERSONICS IS AT THE SAME CROSSROADS
                   SUPERSONICS WAS HFTY YEARS AGO
    —Inadequate Federal organizational structure
    --Serious ground test facity shortfals
    --inherent risk and design uncertainties
    --Subscale substduttes. weighted bodies then. MRMD now
    --Controversial Tech Demonstrators. X-1 then. Hyper-X now
    --Disadvantageous economic Defense spending'i conditions
    --NO OBVIOUS OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENT
      Bur would a rc'asvnahk pe o,r rode ti cn' }*'~' made a mr'stakc•
          %'uprp(,rttrrg %tlper nnk rexeurcb acid gJ el~t rrjent':~ 9.'


                  1rFl r   rily   - $erc+ci e   Ext~ cd d c Rt c


                                                Rules of Thumb
U! AIQ FORC C

  • Hydrocarbon fuels allow air breather speeds to — Mach $: liquid
     hydrogen allows higher speeds
  ■ Two stage to orbit is a more feasible hypersonic approach than
     Single Stage to Orbit (SSTO)
  • Hypersonic speed makes a vehicle more survivable, but is not
     adequate without other aids (signature. maneuvering. etc.)
  ■ A few deeply buried targets are not vulner able to kinetic energy
     alone
  +r Unassisted power extraction from flow begins Mach 10
  ■ Other general hypersonic info:
      ■ Considerable R&D is yet requited prior to Yielding
         ■ ,f 5 years to hypersonic weapons
         • 20 years to a hypersonic aircraft or RLV
      • NASA is not developing to military requirements


                  i> icgrily      - Ser"c"r     Exr rdlcr:+'c


                                       H-5
         Headquarters U.S. Air Force
          Irrlrgr          - i1v   - 3rrrirr                - fi xr.•/lrnrr


                                                   Ongoing Efforts in
                                                       Hypersonics


U.S. AIR FORCE


 "I                          US Air Breathing Hypersonics
                                     Technology Roadmap
  sa 1 fl 1 t7 1 tS 1»                          ao I OI ' rt 1 w 1 a I oe                         a
     INASAMflSW                    r"                       aa.lnw:
                                                                                                  t.
                                                   NAfOMneh*Mr
                                         . b•    yH. P. ~                  N.y1 'St Ir.R l


       I NASA K e.X IX•pi SISS I                        X.43S                                       I
                                                                                                        3


 Ar i16"aryr                                            -                                         0 .


                                        tarrA Mr                                 -


                                                                   ♦n
                                                                ..
                                                                Pi. T.e.
                                                                                     C
               -   NA'V   .4%" t46N                                                          •.

                                        A-'y     ATST3C

                          On going efforts — coordinated but not integrated


                                                1-1-6
                           Air Breathing Hypersoniics Funding

                                    I-Fgpersonic Finding Treids


                  60                           . ...s     .,.~         -,sir Forte
                                                r         ~
                  50
                                                                        F S.A
              ~40

                  90
                  0
                        94 9     96 97 %                         2 3      4   5
                                                        Teat

          NASA fnnditng i reasnably robust for a technology effort —
             Air Forc & S is inadequate to sijnific antly influence the
                                  overall pf0 a m


                                              Foreign Hypersonic
U 5- Al   FORCE                                        Activities
      • Space Azces. Thn a :          Breakthrough launch tetnot*gy will allow
                                      ready a ccsu to the apace erwir mart
          • ussra: ORYL Rro ram — de toping engirte~larfrene technol x ies, s~gr hcr~rY'
              ~isDflg infrastructure, ftrgM tee cc,nducted
          ■ Jaart can- nr,Q long-tarn in *a tin nt in p5 a acmes propu on et,noki ies.
          •      gni► cant l :t + in stmer+
          ■ Fra                D         n Mda Range R rriet
          • ESAl~ermtarry Paper assassmerts rr:c tr
      • Wespons ThreaR: Hypertonic eru1ee miselle cle~relopment represents an
                              asymmetric attack an force structure
          • Russia.      + rr on,ki rsoric w brealFrtrr nuss . h', a nir cruisa rJ sile
            i& t►rroka ies h it evolved
          • Ct rs&Inclla Operauonai supersornc ram)e rrt ssI , raw entnes to hypersonc
            tie i. rapidj j4ayrr9 c chap
          • cra=e Oparettanal superofltc air breettHng rressrle, rnwestrr n tY arson c
            mrssil► Erfitxr }~ ies
        • unc amerrtral Technolo y Treat Radical technology l re akthrough
                                               may furrdatnontal ly cha~ra,çja hyperaank
                                               vehicles
          • t sia: 5gt4icanr tnves1rr ent is F isrn        Li wNr:~1ynsm cs, pasrna do ing

 Significant foreign activities are t lnd€iway /n hyperson!c
                       ~R1~f,{~PF~J~' - ,~fPlfFl~f      _ ~7FUf~tfli{yf


                                              H-7
'4'                      Potential Air Breathing
                       Hypersonic Applications
 Weapons(missiles)
 • Time Critical Mobile targets
 ■ Hard and D. pry Burped Targets
 • Reactive Lethal SEAR
 • Counter Air
                                        Space   Operations


 • BMO TBMD                              ■ Routine launch
                                         • Replace S maintain key
                                           satellites
 Aircraft
                                         • Protect USiCoalition
 • Global StrlketRecce
                                           satellites
 • Survivable GEW!ABL Platform
                                            ■ Arttl,ASAT
 . Rapid resupply
                                         • Deny hostilelnon-
                                           combatants use of space
                                            • ASAT
                                            • SateIlte captureldkable
            Iateprsty - Servo e - ExoeHenoe


                                  H-S
                                                     Space Operations

    ■ Current AF Aerospace Vision                          ■ Current ReaItt~es
       s Control spate when need be                            ■ AF does not have a
       ■ Capitahzp en space                                      t ipability for    ess.
         advantages                                              operations, or dominance in
                                                                 the transatrnosphe►re today
       • Engage anything of military
         skynlfc ante anyvvbere                                ■ AF c41n not en j rqe
                                                                 anywhere within nrrnutes
         Engage within minutes. not
         hours                                                   except by ICBMs
       • Achieve desired effects                               ■ Space sottie rate wiU be
         tram any chosen range                                   cost lim itedt using EELVs
                                                               ■ Stand-aft capability
       • Strike from C4tIUS
                                                                 improved by liypersonic
       ■   lflhlfclve S* ii d-ot 4: it itl7ilits
                                                                 missile


                 The reality does not match the Vision
                                     - .` r   r rt F £ r   -


                     Airbreathing Reusable Launch
U    ► r31N~ k
                                   Vehicles 'RL Vs )


Mich 37~r1>s~iing      stage    t 1ch 0   10 Air brutt? nq r c     r   Wac       b-ra'}.~nq   :«qr

Airbreattring reusable launch vehicles could satisfy long tens 2112 i
   requirements for Air Farce. NASA, and Industry
    • Low enonagh costs and r+rsponsiveness to sirtisfy future Air Fotce
      launch needs $e.g. SMV. SBR and SBLE and create conmercial markets
       'Robustness and safety necessary to allow safe human operations in
      space
AirbreatI* g stages of ILL V can serve duoI rose: space missions and
                      prompt gktbal attack from CONUS
                   1r+r~grily        - Serr•Ol?E           — Earl rd!fI      ~


                                               H-9
                                          Assured Space Access:
U.s. AIRPCM,C•t
                                                    Alternatives
                                              P*o                                  t=JN
                                  • Enabias Mr Force                   • Costradu. tion miy~i t of
                                    transatmosph.rie and                 be r. 1i.d 4ay. Srriuetisi
                                    spate opetatiofl$                  • Latpe tairlch r r t
                                  - Pot.ilti i t+~t yr ttt~}r1!          *rnCTh2* It aV IS br
                                    east reduction                       mall:ed
                                  -Mt       NnatouMan~ui.d             . Lame ~r~htrolt+yfr
                                    requded i>ureraf4Ik. optk            xnvasttrl~.nr Itc>ii i'-~1Ii6lF
                                  • Potentia3 5pinctts                 • Hi~I1 ro~ram cost
                                                                          -$Z5B

                                  • Potrrtial for cost                 - Cost r ducts+n rnM not
                                    *dclion. bufrss #tram                le reattaed
                                    airbreathtnJ                         PragraIn cosr - 515B
                                    Pr1,load raco,yn,                    ithough Icwsr co t than
                                                                         air br.ahingi
                                                                         Tuthx ounit n+rt as last as
                                                                         air br sf1rnj3
                                                                         PossibI't+awsr iau7Zh and
                                                                         ratieval c t>arf


                  I,   rgrE*r   - SerrP       r - Exoelii!e.race


                                          Assured Space Access:
u s AI* VONICIC
                                                    Alteratives
                                               po
                                    Exbntbr7 of curranvt ELV           •Spa ad end to cam
                                    tahnol*gy                           raaicron balaw ab-our
                   EELS/                                                $25OGlb to orbit
          at                      - Attordiltrle
                                    Wall astabilshad cps               . oIt ~kr*t I IRSSF S rer~ tr1 y
                                    corxapt                             payloads and misvns
                                                                        Prtlthdes readlZatiorr or
                                                                         9►it0 p3t4 tore• ,1t it


                                  • No impact on IRDJTE                - Mbtar tutwe not in Mr
                                    Duds~et                              Forst control
                                    P otwr*ial econernia : 't            Coomre auta.11vetl€le;
                                    stale                                optimal for rntlitaa'~
                                  • FtdlF I{A! rno~7Frrl                 oparatIons
                                                                       - Po- .rrtiJ tot U5 to Iv
                                                                         predvtn+roarice tl 3p1►c*
                                                                       - Pracrudas raalli:aenon of
                                                                         aarc pat. f-cr a %'ision


                  I ra#eg rHF - Sersrioe - Excel                ( r'   f. •


                                      H-10
  Li                                         Assured Space Access.
U '1 A13N 6 wit.0
                                                       Conclusions
      • MUitary► access to space Is do compelling ratlonalc for hy'personks
         • Potential for aircraft-like operations to,lfrom space
      • Both alt breathing and rocket 5oitrtlotr$ are potentially viable
         ■ Air breathing higher risk with revolutionary potential
         ■ Rocket lower risk with evolutionary potential
      • Propulsion technology is the key pertonnance'cost~risk driver
         ■ Air breathing solutions offer 2X smaller size and some cost
            reduction
      • Air breathing solutions, using known tect rtoloyles, require staging
            l5          Sin~llb #tip     t    i4          (   Two 5i   ?v O bit


            t~1
            ft.
                    RockfI Alitrejihir
                                                       ckIt     fuckl1Aivtvaflwir airtr.a   er
                    Crye       Cro                 $!oralbM      tto    $ter ,bM     Cr~e

                         1ri.tegrcty         - Sertr      e - Ext~e~fr,otir


                                                                  r


                                                   H-11
                             High Speed Missile: Alternatives
                                               r*Y


                                  • Quick roa~tion agitxrst          Seoker s onopIaxtty or tSR
Baseline                           ti.Mln9 tX ItS                    rotlartrce
Cori pt                           - Sitrd for tactical akcrah       - Li*ited tatjJ.t suet s~mpie
                                  • Pozid is ion9 rango Af M          to'uritetm*MUte
                                    or SEAL?                        • Urrttod bad out
                                  -P*natiJo~+r di*iWadv*              44 figtPatl0n dei*ISd*t
               Airbreething
                                   Incrnasod ur tvabiUty            • Low warhead efiass
               hypersonic                                            tracttonrangetrade
                  missile                                           • Uttt,trautrr in star of
                                                                      tint $*:
                                  • RiIatwo     tow risk and        • Saaloar compMxly as ISR
                                    no ar tarm                        rettance
                                  - OtaRb reaodon a jaii It         - VMerrtaitny in site Qr
                                    t**iIt T*gts                      tarde+t r~et
Racket motor                      • Sized tar tatttf al aifc raft   • Low warhead mass
                                  • fessibte loth rate' lA,M         traction range trade
 hypersonic
                                    ,r Slrrl D                      - Lirnited urgt set, slhIplM
  missile                                                             oounwx~b fu~+~
                                  • Perra~ra~r dirty atr.'o
                                  • iin.et*#sue lUfV$ 3aIry

               fritrjr-i!u      - Sertri ve - E-~firr~~e nre


                             High Speed Missile: Alternatives
                                                PllO
                                  - Equt    lant Mach•i -miU c n      CIons. target hardrae.a
                                    weapon Line magaitno            • Treaty rmpiicactotn
                                  - Limited totL eral erects          Raqueas u rge in':e5tmor►t
                                                                    - 'vulnnsrai≤irs~
                                                                     Limited range


                                  • Low irw•stariant                - Uncartam atrect.
                                  - Qp*rkVon*l Re.r       hcy       - SCM*t Ittoeiligt°iot
                                                                      ee-*"..


                                  • Currart COPIOPS                 • Ri k s aWcrow• and or
                                  - LOW ( 0'I! 34IUtlof               t+i etrarm
                                   Fiaxttrie                        • More piatferme t$4Uitwd


               ~nt:'~rii,~      - Serafre        - Exe+e~~E•rae


                                      H-12
                   Airbreathing Hypersonic Missile:
u.s. aif ► O ( r
                                      Conclusions


 Both Airbreath ng and Rocket Propulsion Alternatives .Are Viable
        • Rigorous System Level Studies~Anatysis Will identify Beat Approach
 Airbreathing Missile Propulsion Technology Development Will Reduce Space
 Access Propulsion Risk
          Nominal ae4      Commonalty On Technology Basis f
        - Srnall Size Results in Affordable Approadh
 I►4osl of the hypers n4c missile utility will depend on robust ISR
  Flight Demonstration Required To Verity Propulsion Performanc, and Cost

                   ~~tx~   ril l . - Seruiac    - ~   ~~ +rl~ lt ro ts•


                                       Long Range Aircraft


      Long range future strike aircraft is derived from two stage. air-
      breathing RLV (1k'. 2' or both stages)
   •~ Capabilities:
        • Prompt global attack when forward basing is denied
        ■ High survi'iabihty (speed + stealth + altitude + standoff +
          maneuver + sell th fensel
        ■ Rapid global mobility

                   ITI r rRrH    - Sertic      e-Ex~erltrier


                                       H-13
                          Long Range Aircraft: Alternatives
U . All!►'rjnte

                                                 1~*0
                                      P.ev s abIf                            taew ctwv.iapmant ind
                                    - High .pi' d nt of kt re dtfi           snfaslruetrare
                                     Stt vhabrlfty                       • Limited real time targesnp
                                                                           tapalaiti~r
                                                                          Na darned CceiCcs


                                    - Retat~.e1`r tow risk and           • 5eer&.er campkxi3y or ISR
                                      near +term                           raAiil"rG!
                                    - Owth r•actlom agairrt              • Uncertalrity In ci.t of
                                      tlaeting targets                       targat set
                                    -    ld 1oF tacit{ ar'Crse           -Low w h finsss
                                    - Faszlole long ranQa SAM              traction range trade
 Rocket motor g                       or BEAU                            • Umttad tarpt sat, simpte
  hypersonic                        - (~errlti~tor decrrative              COLrftarAR4asw s
    missile

                  >rr~tc~rr:ly    - Ser,      c, e - Hxoe            len,r


                          Long Range Aircraft: Alternatives
U-s *1* IFOV!C~
                                                 p1lo
                                      ReusaGlo                               Naw dfa .laprn.m amd
                                    - High Weed grab i re aoh                anttr asmuc flue
                                      4txrrtvabtllry                     • Limited real time tare[irr
                                                                           f~pi~+iiRy
                                                                          No derrned ConcQs


                                    • Re4atrret tow tlslt and            - Seeker compkxltv or I3R
                                     near term                               rellrince
                                      Qwcb reaclIcn against              -V      a ,alflt'1i In U:. *1
                                      tlaetlnq targets                       target set
                                    - Sited for tactic at a►sraet        - Low w h nta# S
                                    - Pn ; s~la long rari AAM              fraction range trade
 Rocket motor                        or BEAD                             - Lrnrtad target sat.:im.p►la
   hypersonic                       -Peneeatc'fi leci ative                  cOUntern acidS
      missile

                  ;j'r~l!ryriip   - Seruiar        - L°1~{~edlr':x~s


                                        H-14
                                     Long Range Aircraft:
                                            Conclusions


 Marginal nhilttary utility of mis system over other alternatives has not
 bn established Air breathing propulsion is required foi this mission
    y Rocicete not compatible with aircraft operartione
    • Access to space first stage provides vehlct+r or technology basis depending
    on concept sel.ct.d
 Air breathing technology selection drives system concept
    • Turbine based cyd efecti a to mach A
    • Storable ramjetfscrarnjet fuels effective to reach g
    • Cryo enk r ern etfscranjet fuels er►abie mach 20# with potential for global
     unr.fuebd ran gn
                 .rite    ri' d}   - Seri's e - $.xiieii€'Its


                                       Plasma Application:
U 011.PO1~C                                  Conclusions
• High risk high payoff plasma technologies offer potential to
  radicalPy change hypersonic aircraft and theH- application
     • MHO power extraction offers potential for significant on-board
       power for beam weapons and other uses
     • Aeradyrnamic flow modification might lead to significant
       performance gains
• There is a small marginal cost (6.1. 6.2) for determining whether or
   not these technologies will work


                  ~I~fe~ FF~y - ~eF~riar - Fa~Qeri i'a,~or


                                       H-i 5
              Concept Recommendations

• Develop mission and system concepts to meet the
  Air Force vision (AFSPACECOM)
  • CSAF review and approve
  • Publish appropriate statement(s) of operational
    requirements
• Assign either SMC or ASC clear leadership
  responsibility for air breathing hypersonics system
  engineering with the other supporting
■ Develop an overall hypersonics roadmap and
  Identify and schedule critical enabling technical
  decisions (SAFIAQ)
  ■ Use SAB recommended program as a guide


        lat    ri1y -   eraFvr - Exard~'rnar


                         H-16
                                            Hypersonic Investment
U.   AI~PPWILt                                Strategy Our Logic
     - USAF is unprepared to decide the critical issues that will define
       future space access~operations arch tectta-e
            Many opinions, little data
            High risk of IN4nforned tiocisio+n
       Recommended westment progri focuses on critical data
       needs for USAF decisions on an assumed 2025 system lOG
            Gc . ►J t clay
            Pti"!Ien d        rri ept sleetlon
          Technologyr c oritent
       Investment program must integrate other agency efforts
          NASA planninglconduthg nrutti-billion dollar access to space
          concept & technologjr exploration Ibut against different goats and
          reyuirenents
        - DARPA A MD ptograrn provides ItyrdrecMbon engine dsta
       Investment program should consider near term funding reality
       • FYO3-tip eatiiiest practical opportunl~y for slgnHlcant new effort


      C*t                                      Investment Approach
                                                                       MHDPowered DEW
                                                                       Precision Enytegsmtnt))
                               Tomovr+vrr

                                                           I srsonic Cruiser               L
            5
                             MA$A t1SAF` ;                 lglobsl Reacrit4ttaeka      Af#ordabI~,
                         i

                                                                                    tom.Iy cc+ss to
                                                                           l
                             h t y W Vy
       NASA                     DARPA      -                                         space Qnabfes
                              Arxr~-y i O.
                                                                                     true ar3rospace
                                                                                       ca atñIitres
                                                                                     (CA wt SMVI etc)
   Ctes#ing gevern ent-                                  Hypersonic Missile
M duetry tesrn Iever~gei Air                             Time-crltecal targets
   Force technology and
    system invrtstrnents
                                            Short and long term military
                                        ep►r►-olfi from RLV nestr *n*s

                     fFl         r,!}       - Serviee - Exoeltent+e


                                                  H-17
                                         Hypersonics Investment Planning
U.   All? P~ OrIcE
                                          Emphasizes Decision Readiness
     ■ Rigorous system level studies and analyses are
         required to support key technical decisions
          ■ Expendable vs. reusable 1arui   Ii vehicle?
            Airbreathing vs. Rocket propuisicn?
          s Vertical vs. Horizontal takeoff?
          a Singie vs. Two stage, stagiingkruise mach number?
          • Cryogenic vs. Storable propellants?
          a Turn time/Sortie rate/basing requirements?
          o Composite vas. Meta#lk tanks, ceramic vs. Metallic TPs?
          ■ Etc?
     ■ Technology development and demonstration will
       provide data for system analysesittradesldecisions
          a    Data based critical decisions reduce downstream east and
               risk tnr decades to tallow

                         fn              rxty - Service                      -      ,xi+rriie              ~+E


                                                              Long Term Roadnap
     2rjt0                                        2g10                                             2020


              * KA5A Get~cta~n ) D     EnDMa D~csrrtan
                     *" $&~iA tj*INyr~li.$i 1 K Y1mr fhst laa.i p
                     p     1
                                              Ia 1IN
                                                                       ~Piwse 7                           Pharr+ 1


                                     *   ISyit*lu C           tiank n S~tt~tt~d~
                                               ~n,al
                                          ! s c hrta In i7i
                                                               *   f1 trued 1?+rhtterrtttl dnitt titre Irelstmit

                                                                                              If tot $tr~cskrHit


                                                                                                                     *EJC

                     *{M4Ss ie Dc c         ion Qptirxi)                                * i Du i-Use A irrrah Deci on)
                     •f :css#cat t          opnnene                                      L,A;,.craif C+ese4aprrt~cnt


                         lrif'r,gritp - Seruiar -                                           rrHcnv+r


                                                               H-1 S
        ii:,                                                      Near Terra Roadmap
U.s *IW wO*CI
 !!b110                                                              DUOS                                                              1n i

          * bx*A M:#         * f4S.# &    z F$ pct fnpoltc            *     kA
                                Qanw MilitlQtt                               *     UJ A G*n         rl{an } X41,w. Ilaritor.
                                                 P1Ee754 i                                                                       Phi     t
                                          *     Pe Mtc          Ilao      cMtlnl
                                          * I       t14N$         iWW
                                                    Aero P puU1 n f.ctitgw             `
    i                                              rR:.cllcc*grti is  41              If

                                               ff~t+lAY

                  Atilf~fJ
                                                                            !11 # U~iiThi6etll~dlllii~ti

                                                                                                                           ~,~i11t1{Jtlf~ldi
                                                   • Ili! r 1P.ertr:rgGa~~~ra
                                                                                                                   r.          SNercrlkfif
   1                           HttCl                                                  I

                                  18011" c M     +~r~tttt,tt+

                                                      sda       :e;U~tttaon,fs~tutt~+be


                                                  Ndwncrf i.niccpb bracvtP                 t$ZW . ekvRn srin ha'uM?:s.ufa.atc.{

                                                            DNcttha , L*Hui
                                                                         ui                                               4AltciMt G'{~
                                                                                                                         AI* aI DYt dP+iU
                                                                                                                        )cr* Glwlai*'itlll

                           Irs. tf         r{~y - Sert                      e - Exe+edie11c e


                                                          Recommended Annual
                                                                Funding ($M)


                       4                                  Phi:-+r 1 -                      R7tise          Rh~sc 1      Ph3ze 4

                           FY01          FY02             FY03             F i )4.06       FY07.11 FY 11- t'            FY 1825
          USAF             6            6                 18                140            150400          300.400      4O0~5r7O
          N4*IA            30            310              30                040            150.300         300100       X10-5C.3
           To              30            30               1t               60-04           300100           00- 0       i»-10+C+0


                           1r * grE1f , - Servitre - E~+cneHcnve


                                                                   H-19
                                     initial integrated Hypersonics
                                                    Program Organization
u.Y AIN rwicG


                 [       SEC         -                    NASA Ad mm

                             Hypersortics Steering Committee
                                     MA5A          USAF
                                   off@
                       UFI                           ►~:tp   4 r1 *tlbfr


                                          Program
                                          Manager

                        integrated Hypersonic Program

                Industry Contracts                        Lkiiversity Grants

                     Iatepriiy       - Sero~~e - Exvei?env


                        Program Recommendations
U.&Ai*'w   Cat


■ Jain with NASA in an integrated program focused on answering
  the key technical questions on air breathiing :hypersoriics (SECAF)
     • Include other service and industry participation
■ Insect a funding wedge startincl in 03-04 into the 02 budget
  submission for a robust program that supports SPACECOM needs
  I SAF/AQ j
■ Form a hypersonic technology team during FYOI'02 to engage
  technically with the AF HyTech. the DARPA ARRMD. and the NASA
  Hyper-X Rift demonstration teams 1SAF:AQ~
     ■ Develop lessens le~tned and understanding
     ■ Offer In-house support as possible
■ Continue to fund. at current levels. HYTECH and selected
  hypersonic initiatives consistent with FY01-02 funding availability
  (SAFiAQI
     • Projects should be realigned to support downstreaQn critical decisions
       to the extent possibhi

                     I ~tf~r~iy      - ~eruiQe - Ext~ed ~e~ot


                                            H-20
                                                           What Will Be The
 u_L x1* OCt                                           Text Transformation


                                                                 Nww c ~arifr.~~
                 l4II l            1MEirtI       M.)N+t Lifh1 Niw Seitsai s            sptw.i      R kico4          Flew
                  Amge             Spee4           W.Aril                               kAesn     D $edm*y      En sntm*sW
                  44   4.t        irXr►igr          YLR1            iohrn►nrd            iiH        'Ar~ar"            1119.~str
?.nn   tol u   MttMi   fk1AAOi                     Yilu~paf e                                                   ir[4   ]rE i~aHer
                                                                                                                'Sratr 14►taiata~
ftrn -≥U?      YWtI•ToGeh►r4     MIMi f lsiar
               NNpett~4Aii~w :~rab~t PM~}cdr+a
                                               lrr~~rrr
                                                gk7~ilhrr
                                                                    'Sr~etk~r"
                                                                 i~+i~i{r N r Sf~Yf.
                                                                                       'Sr~krt"     lgoa+~
                                                                                                   sir irl~sk       dais ~►fa

                lswrrdiu                                          Fk v     - IVM                                iliartai ~.Aarr~ol
                H!pMr%OrCI       itelklls~rt h       ~►i't r


       Hypersonics and hypersonic related technologies offer
        the potential fit revolutionizing aerospace wart re


                                                                H-21
      Summary Recommendations

■ Clarify the Vision by defining the
  specific Air Force Mission Needs
■ Start with the SAB recommended
  program and modify it to meet the
  defined mission needs
■ In the meantime, continue on-going
  efforts to answer the key technical
  questions


    1 tl ftji'ri   ly   - .   rrtI   r#: ~   - EFnf~tf,,


                                H-22
                                     Initial Distribution

Headquarters Air Force
SAY/OS                   Secretary of the Air Force
AF/CC                    Chief of Staff
AF/CV                    Vice Chief of Staff
AF/CVA                   Assistant Vice Chief of Staff
AF/HO                    Historian
AF/ST                    Chief Scientist
AF/SC                    Communications and Information
AF/SG                    Surgeon General
AF/SF                    Security Forces
AF1TE                    Test and Evaluation

Assistant Secretary of the Air Force
SAF/AQ                   Assistant Secretary for Acquisition
SAF/AQ                   Military Director, USAF Scientific Advisory Board
SAF/AQI                  Information Dominance
SAF/AQL                  Special Programs
SAF/AQP                  Global Power
SAF/AQQ                  Global Reach
SAF/AQR                  Science, Technology and Engineering
SAF/AQS                  Space and Nuclear Deterrence
SAF/AQX                  Management Policy and Program Integration
SAP/MI                   Assistant Secretary (Manpower, Reserve Affairs, Installations & Environment)
SAP/SN                   Assistant Secretary (Space)
SAF/SX                   Deputy Assistant Secretary (Space Plans and Policy)

Deputy Chief of Staff, Air and Space Operations
AF/XO                    DCS, Air and Space Operations
AF/XOC                   Command and Control
AF/XOI                   Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance
AF/XOJ                   Joint Matters
AF/XOO                   Operations and Training
AF/XOR                   Operational Requirements

Deputy Chief of Staff, Installations and Logistics
AF/IL                    DCS, Installations and Logistics
AF/ILX                   Plans and Integration

Deputy Chief of Staff, Plans and Programs
AFDC                     DCS, Plans and Programs
AFD PI                   Information and Systems
AF/XPM                   Manpower, Organization and Quality
AF/XPP                   Programs
AF/XPX                   Strategic Planning
AF/XPY                   Analysis
                             Initial Distribution (continued)
Deputy Chief of Staff, Personnel
AF/DP                   DCS, Personnel

Office of the Secretary of Defense
USD (A&T)               Under Secretary for Acquisition and Technology
USD (A&T)/DSB           Defense Science Board
DARPA                   Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
                        - Tactical Technology Office
DIA                     Defense Intelligence Agency
                        - MSC
DISA                    Defense Information Systems Agency
BMDO                    Ballistic Missile Defense Organization

Other Air Force Organizations
AC2ISRC                 Aerospace Command, Control, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance
                        Center
ACC                     Air Combat Command
  — CC                  - Commander, Air Combat Command
  — DRM                 - Directorate of Requirements
  — 366th Wing          - 366th Wing at Mountain Home Air Force Base
AETC                    Air Education and Training Command
  — AU                  - Air University
AFMC                    Air Force Materiel Command
  — CC                  - Commander, Air Force Materiel Command
  — EN                  - Directorate of Engineering and Technical Management
  — AFRL                - Air Force Research Laboratory
  — SMC                 - Space and Missile Systems Center
  — ESC                 - Electronic Systems Center
  — ASC                 - Aeronautics Systems Center
  — HSC                 - Human Systems Center
  — AFOSR               - Air Force Office of Scientific Research
AFOTEC                  Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center
AFSAA                   Air Force Studies and Analyses Agency
AFSOC                   Air Force Special Operations Command
AFSPC                   Air Force Space Command
  — DRSV                - Directorate for Requirements
AIA                     Air Intelligence Agency
AMC                     Air Mobility Command
NAIC                    National Air Intelligence Center
NGB/CF                  National Guard Bureau
PACAF                   Pacific Air Forces
USAFA                   US Air Force Academy
USAFE                   US Air Forces in Europe

U.S. Army
ASB                     Army Science Board
                                   Initial Distribution (continued)
U.S. Navy
NRAC                          Naval Research Advisory Committee
Naval Studies Board
U.S. Marine Corps
DC/S (A)                      Deputy Chief of Staff for Aviation

Joint Staff
JCS                           Office of the Vice Chairman
J2                            Intelligence
J3                            Operations
J4                            Logistics
J5                            Strategic Plans and Policies
J6                            Command, Control, Communications, and Computer Systems
J7                            Operational Plans and Interoperability
JS                            Force Structure, Resources and Assessment
                              - Director, Force Structure, Resources and Assessment

Other
Accurate Automation Corp.
Aerospace Corporation
Air Expeditionary Force Battlelab
Air Force Flight Test Center Access to Space Office
Air Force Historian (HQ USAF/HO)
Air Force Research Laboratory
    Air Vehicles Directorate (AFRL/VA)
    Munitions Directorate (AFRL/MN)
    Plans & Programs Directorate (AFRL/XPA)
    Propulsion Directorate (AFRL/PR)
    Space Vehicles Directorate (AFRL/VS)
Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center, Plans & Programs Directorate, Plans and Analysis Division
 (SMC/XRD)
ANSER
Arnold Engineering Development Center
Boeing Phantom Works
General Electric Aircraft Engines
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
Joint Theater Attack Analysis Center
Kelly Space & Technology, Inc.
Lockheed Martin
    Skunk Works
MIT Lincoln Laboratory
MITRE
MSE Technology Applications, Inc.
                                   Initial Distribution (continued)
NASA
     Ames Research Center
     Dryden Flight Research Center
     Glenn Research Center
     Headquarters, Office of Aero-Space Technology
     Langley Research Center
     Marshall Space Flight Center
National Air Intelligence Center (NAIC/TATV)
National Research Council
Naval Aviation Systems (NAVAIR) 4-4T
Northrop Gnunman Air Combat Systems
Office of Naval Research
Office of the Deputy Director, Defense Research and Engineering
Orbital Sciences Corporation
Pratt & Whittney
Princeton University
    Dept. of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
RAND
Raytheon
Study Participants
University of California at Los Angeles
    Dept. of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
University of Maryland
    Dept. of Aerospace Engineering
US Army Space and Missile Defense Command
                                                                                                                                                  Form    roved
                             REPORT DOCUMENTATION PAGE                                                                                           o     App
                                                                                                                                                  MBNo.0702o188
Public reporting burdenforthis collection of information isestImated to avenge l hour perresponse,In biding thetime for reviewing instruct one, searching existing data sources,
gathering and manipulating the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden eadmate or any other aspect of this
collection of Information, Including suggeatlone forredueing the burden, to Washington Headquarters S Mces, Directorate for Information Operations and Reports, 1216 Jefferson
Davis Highway, Suite 1204, Arlington, VA 22202-4302, and to the Office of Management and Budget Paperwork Reduction Project (07040188), Washington, DC 20603
1. AGENCY USE ONLY (Leave Blank)                        2. REPORT DATE                                   3. REPORT TYPE AND DATES COVERED
                                                       November 2000                                    Final, January 2000—November 2000
4. TITLE AND SUBTITLE                                                                                                        6. FUNDING NUMBERS
Why and Whither Hypersonics Research in the US Air Force
6. AUTHOR(S)
Dr. Ronald P. Fuchs, Dr. Armand J. Chaput, VADM (Ret) David E. Frost,
  Mr. Tom McMahan, Lt Gen (Ret) David L. Vesely, Brig Gen David A. Deptula,
  Maj Douglas L. Amon, Mr. Alan D. Bernard, Dr. Frederick S. Billig,
  Dr. Leonard F. Buchanan, Mr. Ramon L. Chase, Mrs. Natalie W. Crawford,
  Dr. Thomas A. Cruse, Dr. Darryl P. Greenwood, Dr. Richard Hallion,
  Capt Susan E. Hastings, Lt Col Daniel T. Heale, Capt David Jablonski,
 Lt Gen (Ret) John E. Jaquish, Dr. Ray O. Johnson, Dr. O'Dean P. Judd,
  Prof. Ann R. Karagozian, Mr. Sherman N. Mullin, Capt Matthew P. Murdough,
  Mr. George F. Orton, Col (Ret) Vincent L. Rausch, Mr. Howard K. Schue,
  Prof. Jason L. Speyer, Dr. David M. Van Wie, Dr. Michael I. Yarymovych
7. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION NAMES(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)                                                                          8. PERFORMING ORGANIZATION
                                                                                                                             REPORT NUMBER
AF/SB
Pentagon
Washington, DC 20330-1180                                                                                                    SAB-TR-00-03
9. SPONSORINGIMONITORING AGENCY NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)                                                                      10. SPONSORINGIMONITORING AGENCY
                                                                                                                             REPORT NUMBER
SAF/OS
AF/CC
Pentagon
Washington, DC 20330-1670
11. SUPPLEMENTARY NOTES


12a. DISTRIBUTION/AVAILABILITY STATEMENT                                                                                     12b. DISTRIBUTION CODE
Cleared for Open Publication
ABSTRACT (Maximum 200 Words)

Why and Whither Hypersonics Research in the US Air Farce
This report addresses sustained flight hypersonic systems characterized by air breathing hypersonic propulsion systems. The
Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) was asked to assess the operational utility of such systems. The study team was tasked to develop
operational concepts that require hypersonics speeds (including sustained hypersonic speeds) to enable/underwrite Air Force
capabilities to achieve operational objectives and recommend a time-phased investment plan based on operational need and
technology availability. This plan will identify key S&T investments, exit criteria, and demonstrations necessary for transition to
EMIT) decisions. To ensure that the usual unbridled enthusiasm the SAB has for new technology did not overwhelm the results, the
study incorporated its own Red Team to identify and assess alternatives. This report is a consensus of the entire study team's
recommendations. The operational need for hypersonics is driven by the Air Force desire to operate routinely, on demand, into and
through space. The team defines a program resulting in an operational air breathing hypersonic space launch system in about 2025.
This program includes several exit ramps and potential options. The exit ramps would lead to either an operational rocket-based
reusable launch system or continuation of the expendable course the Air Force is currently on.
14. SUBJECT TERMS                                                                                    16. NUMBER OF PAGES
Hyporsonie                                                                                           210
                                                                                                                                           16. PRICE CODE


17. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OF               18. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OF                 19. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OF                 20. LIMITATION OF ABSTRACT
REPORT                                        THIS PAGE                                     ABSTRACT
Unclassified                                  Unclassified                                  Unclassified                                   None
