{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:14:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 294144, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124079-operation-blue-fly-research-project-clifford-stone.pdf", "source_sha256": "2f2de3606b71783b07ad19b2efca53aa669b54f78435ab97eec7c0371d614787"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2129, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OPERATION BLUE FLY RESEARCH PROJECT
Director
January 13, 1993
Phone:
Dear Editor,
On November 19, 1993 the Operation Blue Fly Research
Congress"
Pongees start the sele the nited 59 page gees.
"Report to
It is
the hope of the Operation Blue Fly Research Project that
nembers of Congress will take the report seriously and not
consider it just another attempt to get Congress to holi
hearings into the existence of UFO's or Flying Saucers. I
assure you, this is not the intent of the report.
In order to be as objective as possible, the report is
solely on the U.S. Government's own documents as
released through the Freedon Of Information Act.
Also, I
put aside my personal reliefs, as well as eyewitness
testimonies.
Using the U.s. Government's own documents, the report
concludes that the U.S. Government had
and continues
•to
have) a UFO Investigations program outside of Project Blue
Book that investigated those cases considered to have some
effect on "National Security" "operation Blue
Also, the U.s. Goverment,
under "Project Moon Dust" and
Fly" carried
out military operations to recover, any where in the world,
non-u.S. space objects that impacted with the earth and
of unknown origin.
Furthermore, these three
peace-time missions remain highly classified, in the
interest of "National Security".
Please note, the report
makes no effort to explain UFO's or the recoveries of
"objects of unknown orign".
Nor does the report suggest
that Congress should attempt to do so.
The report does conclude that Congress should call for
hearings into these programs solely because there exist no
evidence that any member of Congress has ever been briefed
as to these types of activities being carried out by the
American Intelligence Community.
of Congress have asked the Defense Department questions
"rhese missions have never existed.
activities on my behalf, the response was,
We proved to the
nembers of Congress involved that "these missions" did, in
fact, exist and that they were lied to by the Defense
Department.
The one finding within this report that becomes a serious
charge, is that these activities were, apparently,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1306, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
conducted without the knowledge or consent of Congress.
If we recover space objects belonging to a foreign state,
we are required by international law to return them to the
launching authority.
Have government agencies taken it up
no themselves to disregard this law and not inform Congress
that they have violated international law?
Various
American Intelligence Agencies have records on
several hundred
falls of "space debris".
Many of these
records remain highly classified in the
interest of
"National Security". Some of these falls have caused
property damage
have come very close to costing human
these falls have taken place here in the
United States:
Does not the American People, little lone
the American Congress, have a "right" to know the truth of
such events as these?
What does the American Intelligence
Agencies, that are fighting so very hard to keep this
information from the American Public and members of
Congress, hope to gain and why?
The only questions that the report is trying to address is
the legality of these programs and the legality of not
keeping members of Congress informed as to these types of
activities.
Sleep well tonight. Your American Intelligence Community
is watching for the next fall of non-u.s. "space debris" or
"objects of unknown origin".
Sincerely,
Director
