{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T08:39:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 75, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3534507, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124062-21st-century-space-propulsion-study.pdf", "source_sha256": "9de6ab05c89772fe3fe8d503cac0561a8057bbcb7e33566b879c0522fc07dd1e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 688, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AD-A229 279
AL-TR-90-030
AD:
DTIC FILE COPY
Final Report
for the period
30 Jul 1987 to
30 Apr 1990
21st Century Space Propulsion Study
DTIC
ELECTE C
DC
October 1990
Author:
Dr R.L. Forward
Forward Unlimited
P.O. Box 2783
Malibu CA 90265-7783
04611-87-C-0029
8188
Approved for Public Release
Distribution is unlimited. The AL Technical Services Office has reviewed this report,
and it is releasable to the National Technical Information Service, where it will be
available to the general public, including foreign nationals.
Prepared for the: Astronautics Laboratory (AFSC)
Air Force Space Technology Center
Space Systems Division
Air Force Systems Command
Edwards AFB CA 93523-5000
158
!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1120, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTICE
When U. S. Government drawings, specifications, or other data are used for any purpose
other than a definitely related Government procurement operatin, the fact that the Govern-
ment may have formulated, furnished, or in any way supplied the said drawings,
specifications, or other data, is not to be regarded by implication or otherwise, or in any way
licensing the holder or any other person or corporation, or conveying any rights or permission
to manufacture, use or sell any patented invention that may be related thereto.
FOREWORD
This final report was submitted by Forward Unlimited, Malibu CA on completion of
contract F04611-87-C-0029 with the Astronautics Laboratory (AFSC), Edwards AFB CA.
AL Project Manager was Dr Franklin B. Mead, JI..
This report has been reviewed and is approved for release and distribution in accordance
with the distribution statement on the cover and on the DD Form 1473.
Funk Male
FRANKLIN B. MEAD, JR.
CLARENCE IC. COLEMAN, CAPT, USAF
Project Manager
Chief, Advanced Concepts Branch
FOR THE DIRECTOR
Robert C Carly
ROBERT C. CORLEY
Director, Astronautical Sciences Division

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2950, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OF THIS PAGE
REPORT DOCUMENTATION PAGE
Form Approveo
OMB No. 0704-018
Ta. REPORT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
Unclassitied
2a. SECURITY CLASSIFICATION AUTHORITY
2b. DECLASSIFICATION/DOWNGRAOING SCHEDULE
* PERFORMING ORGANIZATION REPORT NUMBER(S)
6а NAME OF PERFORMING ORGANIZATION
Forward Unlimited
GC ADDRESS (City, State, and ZIP Code)
P.O. BOX 2783
Malibu, CA 90265-7783 USA
Ba NAME OF FUNDING/SPONSORING
ORGANIZATION
6b. OFFICE SYMBOL
(If applieable)
186. OFFICE SYMBOL
(If applicable)
8c ADDRESS (City, State, and ZIP Code)
Tb. RESTRICTIVE MARKINGS
3. DISTRIBUTION /AVAILABILITY OF REPORT
Approved for public release:
Distribution is unlimited
5. MONITORING ORGANIZATION REPORT NUMBERIS)
AL-TR-90-030
7a. NAME OF MONITORING ORGANIZATION
Astronautics Laboratory (AFSC)
Tb. ADDRESS (City, State, and ZIP Code)
AL/LSVE
Edwards AFB, CA 93523-5000
9. PROCUREMENT INSTRUMENT IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
F04611-87-C-0029
10. SOURCE OF FUNDING NUMBERS
PROGRAM
LEMENTINO
PROJECT
NO.
52301
3058
TASK
NO.
00
WORK UNIT
ACCESSION NO.
7E
11. TITLE (Include Security Classification)
21st Century Space Propulsion Study (U)
12. PERSONAL AUTHORS)
Forward, Robert I.
1f that
TYPELOF REPORT
16. SUPPLEMENTARY NOTATION
ГЗВ. TIM55985358
FROM
To 90APR30
14. DATE OF REPORT (Year; Month, Day)
9010
TS. PACE COUNT
17.
FIELD
16
COSATI CODES I
GROUP
SUB GROUP
04
18 SUBJECT TERMS (Continue on reverse if necessary and identity by block number)
antimatter,
solar sails,
tethers, cable catapult,
space warps, negative matter, microspacecrait,
statite, levitated orbits, solar photon thrustor
19. ABSTRACT (Continue on reverse if necessary and identity by block number)
The contract objective was to monitor the research at the forefront of physics and
engineering to discover new space propulsión concepts. The major topics covered were
antiproton annihilation propulsion, solar
unconventional propulsion concepts.
microspacecraft, and
Mine papers ce there or crang and
pressure to levitate a comunication satellite poleward from its position on the equatorial
geosyncnronous orbit; (2) a "polesitter"
spacecraft that uses. light pressure to hover over
the polar regions of the earth; (3) a coplete analysis of all the forces on a non-ideal
thorough analysis of propulsion using negative matter; (?) a review of space warps; and
(8,9) tro reviews of advanced space propulsion. Also published were issues #8 through #1‹
of' the Mirror Matter Newsletter on the science and technology of stored antimatter.
other reports are included as appendices. -
RR/#
20. DISTRIBUTION / AVAILABILITY OF ABSTRACT
21. ABSTRACT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
XX UNÇLASSIFIED/UNLIMITED
• SAME AS RPT.
L DTIC USERS
unclassified
22a. NAME OF RESPONSIBLE INDIVIDUAL
22b. TELEPHONE (Include Area Code) 22c. OFFICE SYMBOL
_DE franklin
Meade it
(805) 275-5540
ALL/LSVE
DD Form 1473, JUN 86
Previous editions are obsolete.
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION OF THIS PAGE
I UNCLASSIFIED
i/ii

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 867, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY ...
ANTIPROTON ANNIHILATION PROPULSION
......
......
•...
SOLAR SAILS
.. ..
Grey Solar Sails
....
solar Photon It ruster ...
Light-Levitated Geostationary orbits
• • .
•..
Statite: A Non-orbiting Spacecraft ...
TETHERS
•..
• . •
Tether Bootstrap
Propulsion
Cable Catapult
=.
• • •
MICROSPACECRAFT
HIGH RISK, HIGH PAYOFF STUDIES
Negative Matter Propulsion
Space Warps
*• • • .
• •
*•• •
Neutrino Control
Reactionless Drives
Antigravity....
• • • •
SPACE PROPULSION POLICY ASSISTANCE ACTIVITIES ............
PATENTS AND NEW TECHNOLOGY ..
solar Photon Thruster ...
....
...
Statite: A Non-Orbiting Spacecraft .........................
Cable Catapult
*•*• •
....
••••••+
REFERENCES
...
•.•. . .
• • • •
• • . . •
Page
1
3
7
7
7
...
8
...
9
...
11
...
11
...
13
...
14
•.•
15
...
15
. •
16
• . .
16
17
19
20
21
21
23
26
29
iii

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 478, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDICES
A
TETHER BOOTSTRAP PROPULSION
B MICROSPACECRAFT .......
C THE WEBER EFFECT
....
• 2020 A.D. TECHNOLOGIES FOR AFAL
E FUTURE BONUSES FROM OUR SPACE INVESTMENT ..
LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
Figures
1 Ihe Solar Photon Ihruster Concept
2 The Statite Concept ...
3
The Cable Catapult Concept
Accesion For
INTIS CRA&I
DIK: TAB
Unannounced
Justification
8.
Distribution!
Avalability Codes
Avail and or
Special
Dist
1p-i
iv
• •
• * • •
... .
Page
A-1
B-1
C-1
D-I
E-1
Page
22
24
27

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2453, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY
The objective of the 21st Century Space Propulsion Study was to
identify new space propuision concepts that would ada to All force
capabilities in space on into the 21st Century.
Completely new
and revolutionary concepts were desired, rather than extensions of
proven propulsion techniques.
The study initially focused on three major thrusts. The first was
to continue to study the feasibility of antiproton annihilation
propulsion, the promising new space propulsion concept identified
by the principal Investigator (PI) in a previous contract carried
out for the Astronautics Laboratory (AL). The second was to
continue to monitor experimental research at the forefront of
engineering and physics to discover new technology and novel
scientific phenomena that might have application to space
propulsion.
The third was to seek out anomalous areas of
understanding in well-known and less-known theories of physics.
These anomalous areas were then to be studied in an attempt to
find breakthroughs in physical understanding that could lead to
major advances in science and technology, especially those
breakthroughs that could lead to revolutionary advances in space
propulsion.
The 33 month study
effort was very productive. Major advances
were made in the field of solar sails, with four papers and two
patent applications.
Significant advances were made in the field
of tether propulsion, with a paper,
a report, and a patent
application. A number of more exotic concepts were studied, with
most of the concepts being found invalid or unproven, but even
here, some progress was made, resulting in three papers and three
reports.
In all, ten different concepts were developed to the
point that scientitic papers were preparea for presentation at
professional meetings and/or publication in technical journals.
In addition, five reports were prepared for use by Al and other
government agencies in formulating future space technology policy.
Three of the concepts developed on the contract were deemed novel
enough that patent disclosures were prepared and filed with the
Air Force Staff Judge Advocate.
-
These are discussed in the
section on Patents and New Technology.
In addition to the nearly dozen studies that came to a successful
could Be unproduct ye and here rid a rec rope 0 92-
Most of the
purported "reactionless space drives" and "antigravity" machines
that the PI was asked to evaluate fall into that category.
1

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 359, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A' major contractually required effort on the study was to advance
the: cause of antiproton annihilatio: technology. All through the
contract period, the: PI continued to edit the Mirror Matter
Newsletter.,
an informative newsletter on antimatter science and
to eating a 50 More ena tength or a standard novels age%, and
published during; the study effort.
2

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2746, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANTIPROION ANNIHILATION PROPULSION
Antimatter propulsion is no longer science fiction. Antimatter is
already being generated, capturad, cooled, and stored at a number
of particle physics laboratories
around the world, albeit in small
quantities.
When an antimatter particle is allowed to contact a
norma. matter particle, all of the mass in both particles is
released as energy, making it the most energetic fuel known. The
most effective particle of antimatter for propulsion is the
antiproton rather than the antielectron. I make a compact fuel
for easy storage, the antiproton should be combined with the
In antimatter
propulsion, milligrams of antinydrogen are used to heat tons ot
reaction fluia (water or liquid normal hydrogen, to high
temperatures.
The hot reaction fluid is then exhausted from a
nozzle to produce high thrust at high specific impulse.
In three prior contractst-3 for AL, the PI of this contract
carried out studies of the physical, technological, and economic
teasibility of making, storing, and using antiprotons for space
propulsion.
the conclusion of the studies were that antiproton
propulsion is feasible, but expensive.
Because the low mass of
the antimatter fuel more than compensates for its high price,
comparative mission studies show that antimatter fuel can be
cost
effective in space, where even normal chemical fuel is expensive
because its mass must be lifted into orbit before it can be used.
Because the mass ratio of an antimatter powered spacecraft never
exceeds 5:1, no matter what the efficiency of utilization of
antimatter, and no matter how much AV the mission requires,
antiproton annihilation propulsion is mission enabling, in that it
allows mission to be performed that cannot be performed by any
other propulsion system.
Ine primary thrust called out in the contract for this study
effort was to continue to advance the concept of advanced space
propulsion using the annihilation energy from stored antiprotons.
Io carry out this task the PI was to encourage, monitor, and
report on experimental and theoretical antimatter research around
the world. He was to identify those scientific and technological
issues that were important to determining the feasibility of
antiproton annihilation propulsion, but were not being adequately
addressed.
He was then to propose
investigations to address those
issues, as well as the best researchers to carry out those
investigations.
A specific subtask called out in the contract was to continue to
edit and distribute the Mirror Matter Newsletter. This is a free,
informative newsletter containing news and bibliographic
information about the science and technology of stored antimatter.
Inrough the newsletter and by personal contact, the PI was to
3

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2961, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
introduce new investigators to the field, inform them of relevant
work by others, assist them in making contact with potential
sources of research support, and otherwise improve their research
effectiveness.' A partial listing of those activities follows:
During 6-13 September 1987, the PI attended the IV LEAR Antiproton
Physics workshop in Switzerland. There were 150 attendees, nearly
all of them European, plus three Soviet scientists. The Workshop
organizers requested
that the PI give an informal short talk on
Antiproton Annihilation Propulsion based on cleared material in a
previous contract report.?
The talk was followed by a strenuous
question and answer session which lasted two hours. A number of
skeptics were convinced by the talk that they could no longer
ignore the subject and eighteen attendees asked to have further
information sent to them.
A few skeptics allowed their anti-
military and/or anti-American emotions to cloud their scientific
objectivity and became abusive.
The results of the meeting were
reported to interested US scientists through the next issue of the
Mirror Matter Newsletter.
During 4-9 October 1987, the PI attended the Second Antiproton
Science and Technology Workshop at RAND Corporation in Santa
мопіса,
California, to participate in the Antiproton Production
and collection working Group.
proceedings,
Iwo papers were contributed for the
"Production of Heavy Antinuclei: Review of
Experimental Results" and "Antimatter Science and Technology
Bibliography". Both papers were appendices in a Cleared Iinan
report to a previous AL contract.
A survey of the presentations at the Workshop found no
"showstoppers" that would prevent the production and storage of
macroscopic amounts of antimatter. Indeed, the optimism expressed
in a number of the papers by experts in particle physics
engineering seemed to indicate that with sufficient R&D funding,
by experts
most of the obvious problems were solvable. Ihe three problem
areas that needed the most effort were the high rate cooling of
large numbers of antiprotons, the high rate conversion of
antihydrogen atomic gas into a condensed molecular solid, and the
esign ot antimatter engines with acceptable prompt and delayer
adiation levels. The meeting results were reported to intereste
us scientists in the next issue of the Mirror Matter Newsletter.
Erom 10-1/ October 1987, the PI attended the 38th Congress of the
International Astronautical Federation in Brighton, England where
he was co-Chairman of the Interstellar Space Exploration
Symposium.
During the meeting, the PI added substantive comments
to two papers on antiproton propulsion given by others and
collected a number of new readers for the Mirror matter
Newsletter. One paper, a new propulsion scheme proposed by
Subotowicz of Czechoslovakia based in the "pionization" of matter
in heavy ion collisions was found by the PI to be seriously in
error in its basic particle physics assumptions.
4
-
..

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2835, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Y
From 29 November to 2 December 1987, the PI attended ANTIMATTER
'87, a Symposium on the Production and Investigation of AtomIc
Antimatter held in Karlsrune, Germany. There were over 70
scientists attending, most of them from European countries.
Thirty-five papers were presented on subjects ranging from
positron, antiproton, and heavier antinuclei production, three
methods for the production of antihydrogen atoms from antiprotons,
laser cooling and neutral antiatom manipulation, and antimatter
trapping concepts including two new trap concepts.
These results
were
reported to interested US scientists in the
following issue
of the Mirror Matter Newsletter.
on 9 January 1988, the PI presented a two-hour tutorial lecture on
Antiproton Annihilation Propulsion as part of a Nucléar Propuision
Short Course held prior to the 5th Space Nuclear Propulsion
Workshop in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
In December 1988 a special issue of the Mirror Matter Newsletter
was written and distributed to insure that the AL initiated SBIR
announcement for AF 89-192 "Technology for Storage, Handling, and
Use of Antimatter", got the widest possible distribution to those
US scientists with
ar active interest in research on antimatter.
From 13-15 February 1989, the PI attended the Aerospace
Engineering Conference and Show in Los Angeles, California, where
he chaired a session he had organized on Antiproton Power and
Propulsion.
The session had papers by Col. James Ross Nunn, then
Commander of the All Force Astionautics Laboratory; DI. Bruno
Augenstein, RAND Corporation; Dr. Giovanni Vulpetti from
Telespazio in Rome, Italy; Mr. V.E. Haloulakos of McDonne11-
Douglas; and the PI.
The PI repeated his paper at the evening
"instant replay" session.
The upcoming conference session was
announced to interested Us researchers in the prior issue of the
Mirror Matter Newsletter.
FIoM 9-11 May 1989, the PI attended the workshop on Antiproton
Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton, New
York and contributed to the discussions. The results if the
workshop were reported to interested US scientists in the next
issue of the Mirror Matter Newsletter.
All through the contract period, the PI wroce, published, and
distributed the Mirror Matter Newsletter, an informative
newsletter on antimatter science and technology distributed free
to over 800 scientists, engineers, and libraries, most of them in
the United States.
Distributed about once every three months,
each issue contained 10-14 pages, single spaced, of news and
bibLiographic intormation about antimatter science and technology.
The intent of the newsletter was to act as an information source
on antimatter until the typical formal and informal channels of
communication between antimatter scientists 'and engineers had
developed.
As a result of interactions through the newsletter and
5

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 604, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the various workshops over the past years, those standard
communication channels have now developed
There is an
International Low Energy Antimatter Conference now scheduled for
every other year, and Antimatter Users Workshops planned annually
in the US.
As a resuit,
the newsletter was terminated with the
18th Issus dated May 1990-
Copies of issues 1 through 7 can be
found in Appendix F of a previous contract report. 3
A complete
set of back issues (220 pages) can be obtained from: Forward
Undimited, P.O. Box 2783, Malibu, CA 90265-7783 USA, for the cost
of reproduction and mailing (about $25.00).

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1832, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOLAR SAILS
Solar sails are lightweight sheets of reflective material attached
to a spacecraft that use the light pressure force from solar
photons to produce propulsive thrust.
The major advantage of
solar sails as a propulsion system is that the spacecraft does not
need to carry either an energy source or reaction mass in order to
solar sails, and many reports have been written and published, but
as yet, no solar sail has flown. Part of the reason is that solar
sail technology is unproven and therefore a risky option for
light pressure force.
If solar sails could be made practical and launchable at Space
Shuttle altitudes, then they could be of significant service to
future Air Force needs.
Solar sails could move military space
assets from LEO to GEO, from a point in GEO over one country to
another point in GEO over another country, or from any place in
space to any other place, as often as desired, without the expense
of launching propellant into space.
a military space vehicle to continuously "hover" over the polar
regions of the Earth for surveillance, weather, communication, and
weapons purposes.
GREY SOLAR SAILS
During the study effort, the PI contributed significantly to both
basic science and the technology applications of solar sails.
During his research on the subject of solar sails, he founa that
"Grey Solar Sails", that was published in the Journal of the
Astronautical Sciences. '
SOLAR PHOTON THRUSTER
› major contribution of the PI to the technology of solar sails
vas the invention of a new sail structure called the Solar Photol
Thruster. A more detailed discussion of the Solar Photon Thruster
can be found in the Patents and New Iechnology section starting on
page 21.
A technical paper describing the concept' has been
accepted for publication in the Journal of Spacecraft and
Rockets."
7

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2231, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As is shown in Figure 1 on page 22, the solar Photon Thruster is a
two-sail structure in a Cassegrain
configuration that has
improved
performance over a standard solar sail of the same area
crom the function of reflecting the solar photons.
sail on a Solar Photon Ihruster is a large reflecting surface
similar in size and mass per unit area to that of a standard flat
solar sail.
The collector sail always faces the Sun so as to
present the maximum area for collection of sunlight. The
collector is also a curved light concentrator. The concentrated
sunlight is sent to a reflecting sail of much smaller area and
mass, which redirects the light in the proper direction to produco
the desired thrust direction.
While a flat solar sail suffers in effective light collection area
when it is tilted in order to direct the light pressure force in a
direction other than directly away from the sun, the Solar Photon
Thruster always has the maximum collecting area
facing the sun, no
matter what the desired thrust direction.
A major advantage of the Solar Photon Thruster over the prior art
solar sails is that it can be launched at Space Shuttle altitudes
if placed in a polar terminator orbit. In this orientation, the
spacecraft stays continuously in the sunlight so the large
collecting sail is always facing the sun collecting the maximum
amount of sunlight for maximum thrust, while at the same time
The
reflecting sail is then adjusted to give maximum thrust along the
orbit, rapidly raising the altitude. Within a few days the Solar
Photon Ihruster will be above 1000 km altitude and can be switched
to any desired orbital trajectory optimum for the missior.
LIGHT-LEVITATED GEOSTAJIONARY ORBITS
During the study, the PI found new methods to utilize spacecraft
with solar sails, whether the sails are standard flat sails or the
De used to death a communication satellite in eat its can
geostationary orbit to a new orbit that is north or south of the
equatorial orbit, yet is still geostationary to a point on the
ground.
This concept is described further in a paper "Light-
Levitated Geosynchronous Cylindrical Orbits: Correction and
Expansion" that was accepted for publication in the Journal of the
Astronautical Sciences.
8

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATITE: A NON-ORBITING SPACECRAFT
During the study effort, the PI also invented a new class of
spacecraft, called a statite.
All spacecraft flown to date are
satellites of the Earth or some other gravitating body•
satellite of Earth is defined as a spacecraft that is in orbit
about a point that is the common center of mass of the spacecraft
and the Earth.
In contrast, the statite is a spacecraft that does
not orbit.
Since it does
not orbit,
it is not a satellite. The
generic name of "statite" has been given to these types of
spacecraft since they remain static or stationary with respect to
the common center of the
spacecraft and the Earth. The statite
remains stationary by using light pressure force on a solar sail
to exactly counteract the attractive gravitational force of the
A patent was filed on the concept which is discussed
further in
the section on Patents and New Technology.
A paper
discussing the concept has been accepted for publication in the
Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets.?
In most applications, the statite is placed at a point above the
dark side of the Earth as shown in Figure 2 on page 24, while the
Earth spins beneath it. From the viewpoint of an observer on the
Iotating Earth, the statite rotates around the pole once every 24
hours.
Thus,
ground stations for communication with these systems
must have theit antennas on a polar mount with a 24 hour clock
drive. Since the distance between the ground station and the
statite does not change significantly in magnitude, and the
doppler shifts are very low, the electronics needed for these
versions of the system of the invention are nearly as simple as
those at the fixed position ground stations used for the
equatorial geostationary orbit satellites.
A typical distance of a statite from the center of the Earth will
be 30 to 100 Earth radii. (For reference, geostationary orbit is
at 6.6 Earth radii and the Moon is at 63 Earth radii.)
Thus, one
unavoidable disadvaitage of the statite system is that the
conmunication 11nk round-trip delay time is a number of seconds,
making it more suitable for surveillance, weather mapping, data
links, and faxes than two-way telephone conversations.
At distances of about 250 earth radii, it is possible for a
statite to be placed so that it "hovers" over the north or south
poles of the Earth 365 days a year--even during the half of the
year when the polar region being observed is in the sunlight.
Details of the exact altitudes and conditions for different sail
designs can be found in the paper.'
Because a statite is not orbiting and has the ability to hover
over the polai regions, it can accomplish a number of military
nique missions that could enhance the Air Force's future postur
n space. A polesitter statite over the poles could provid
continuous global weather maps of the regions around the poles,
9

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1994, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
where all the weather starts. True hemisphere-wide communications
to the north or south hemispheres could be accomplished with a
single satellite. A polesitter statite could also serve as an
early warning of over-the-pole ballistic missile attacks.
Placing
statites off the polar axis at fixed latitudes over the dark side
of the Earth would result in lower statite altitudes, and
therefore shorter round-trip communication delay times, and higher
resolution for infrared and microwave surveillance.
Since a statite is not orbiting, anything dropped from it does not
stay in orbit, but falls straight down.
A statite carrying a load
of "intelligent crowbars" would be a unique weapon system that
could surgically take out individual buildings, individuai
vehicles, even perhaps individual people by direct hit-to-kill
impact from a terminal-guided atmospheric penetratos.
A two kilogram "intelligent crowbar" dropped from a statite
hovering over the Earth
at 30 Earth radii would reach the upper
atmosphere of Earth in 17 hours.
It would be traveling at 9 km/s,
or nearly escape velocity. If the incident that instigated the
dropping of the crowbar were over, the crowbar could be fragmented
and burned up in the upper atmosphere 11ke a meteor.
danger persisted, the crowbar would pass through the 150 km of
atmosphere In 15-20 seconds, striking the suriace with an energy
of 80 MJ (the equivalent of 20 kg of high explosive). This energy
could be deposited over an area by fragmenting the crowbar at the
proper altitude, or alternatively, the crowbar could penetrate
protective buildings or shallow bunkers to reach its point target.
When used in limited warfare, such a weapon could reach a target
anywhere on the globe in less than a day without risking US
manpower or assets, and destroy that target while causing minimum
ancillary damage.
It would be an ideal weapon for dealing with
terrorists, tinpot dictators, and drug runners (by direct hit) and
theix plantations (by air bursts).
10

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2513, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TETHERS
Tethers are long cables in space that are used to couple
spacecraft to each other, to other masses, and to force fields it
The tether coupling allows the transfer of energy and
momentum from one object to another, and so are a form of space
propulsion.
In the early 1990s there will be two shuttle experiments to
demonstrate the engineering feasibinty of the tether concept.
NASA is funding Martin Marietta to buila the tether (2.5 mm
diameter and 100 km long) and the deployment mechanism, while
Italy is building the spacecrait that will fly at the end of the
tether.
The first experiment, scheduled for 1991, will deploy the
spacecraft upward from the Shuttle on a conducting tether cable to
demonstrate power generation from the motion of the conducting
cable through the Earth's magnetic field. By pumping current
through the cable, thrust would be generated by the "push" of the
cable against the Earth's magnetic field.
The second flight will
deploy an atmospheric research spacecraft downward, where it will
Ely through the upper atmosphere, too low for spacecraft and too
high for aircraft.
The tether connection to the Shuttle
spacecraft provides the propulsion needed to overcome the drag.
Other tether experiments on unmanned spacecraft are underway to
study the dynamics of reeling tethers in and out, and releasing
payloads from the end of librating or rotating tethers. The field
of space tetlers is a promising evolving technology and some
versions have application to future Air Force needs.
During the
contract effort, the PI continually monitored
this developing
field and was able to make some contributions.
TETHER BOOTSTRAP PROPULSION
In March 1989, the Principal Investigator attended a Workshop on
advanced Propulsion at NASA/Lewis Research Center. While tnere he
met a NAsA engineer, Geoftley R. Landis, that had come up with a
new concept for using tethers for spacecraft propulsion that did
not involve the use of expendable propellant. At the time, Landis
was proposing to use the concept to shift the positions of
spacecraft along geosynchronous orbit.
This application alone is
of significant military value, since it can allow military assets
to be moved to new positions at will, defeating eneny
countermeasures.
The PI realized that the concept was more general, and could be
used to not only shift positions at constant aititude, but could
also be used to change altitude. Although energy was required, no
propellant was needed. Ihe PI encouraged Landis to expand his
11

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2927, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
original internal memo into an official NASA Memorandum" covering
the broader aspects of his concept, thus bringing the concept to
the attention of the propulsion and tether communities. The basic
concept of Geoffrey R. Landis is that If two halves of
craft (or a spacecraft and its expended booster) are extended on a
long tether, the center-of-mass of the extended system shifts
slightly downward from the original center-of-mass and the orbital
period decreases. This shift in the center-of-mass occurs because
the Earth's gravity force causes an acceleration on the masses
that varies as 1/1?, while the counteracting centrifugal force due
to orbital motion causes an acceleration that varies as I-
very long tethers, the two forces no longer exactly cancel at the
two ends and there is a residual, second order, force which must
pe balanced by a
shift in the center of mass.
When the tether is
pulled in again, the center-of-mass of the combined system raises
upward. By alternately extending and contracting the tether at
proper points in the orbit, the tether can be used to "yump" an
initially circular orbit into a highly elliptical orbit, and
perhaps to escape.
Unlike other tether propulsion concepts in the literature, where
one mass (the payload) is raised in orbit while another mass (the
counterweight) is lowered in orbit, the technique developed by
Landis allows the center-of-mass of the entire system to be raised
from a low circular orbit into a high elliptical orbit--
conceptually into an escape orbit from Earth--without the use of
lockets or reaction mass. Energy is required, which can be
supplied from an onboard power supply, but no reaction mass is
needed, and if the Earth-to-LEO booster is used as a counterweight
for the payload mass, the only weight penalty is the mass of the
tether (compared with the weight penalty of a LEO-GEO booster
rocket).
A report discussing the new concept was prepared and
submitted to the Contract Technical Monitor in May 1989 (See
Appendix A.)
Most important from the standpoint of possible Air Force
applications of the technique, Landis estimates that it would take
only 6.5 days to go from a circular IEO of 0.75 Earth radii (about
5000 km) to a highly elliptical transter orbit that goes up to
GEO.
There, a rocket burn could circularize the orbit, or
possibly the expended booster (which is also transierred along
with the payload) can be tossed away in the right direction to
obtain the angular momentum necessary to achieve circular GEO.
Since this new propulsion concept seems to be able to provide
i rockets and only the use oi a power supply, which many Air
Force payloads have anyway, it is recommended that someone in the
Advancea Propulsion Branch oi tne Astronautics Laboratory follow
and encourage the work of Landis, and perhaps carry out parallel
studies on its feasibility for and applicability to present and
future Air Force space missions.
12

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2941, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CABLE CATAPULT
During the study effort, the Principal Investigator also found a
new way to use tethers
• for propulsion, called the Cable Catapult.
A paper describing the Cable Catapult concept was prepared and
Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets.'
In addition to the Landis Tether Bootstrap technique described in
the previous section, there were two other prior tether propulsion
techniques known. One prior technique involved stretching the
tether between two masses at different orbital altitudes. When
the tether was cut, one mass would go up in orbital altitude 7
times the tether length, while the other one would go down 7 times
the tether length (usually deorbiting in the process).
The other
prior technique involved librating or rotating the tether with a
payload on one end.
When the payload is traveling in the right
direction at the maximum tip speed the tether could withstand, the
payload would be released to travel on its way.
The maximum payload velocity of the rotating tether propulsion
system is roughly three times the "characteristic velocity" of the
material in the cable.
The characteristic velocity is the square
root of the
design tensile strength of the tether material divided
by the density of the material. For most tether materials it is
1 km/s.
Since the mass of a rotating tether rises as the
exponential of the square of the payload velocity divided by the
characteristic velocity, as a practical matter the required mass
ratio becomes too high once the payload velocity exceeds three
times the characteristic velocity, or 3 km/s fol a tether made of
1 km/s material.
In the Cable Catapult invented by the PI, instead of rotating the
tether, the tether or cable is stretched in a straight line along
the desired direction of travel as shown in Figure 3 on page 27.
Then, a linear motor capable of traveling along the tether is used
to accelerate a payload up to speed. An analysis of the required
mass ratio of this tether propulsion system shows that the mass of
the tether goes only as the square of the payload velocity divided
by the characteristic velocity, not the exponential of the square.
Because of this, a cable Catapult can Launch a payload at ten
times the velocity of a rotating tether launcher of the same mass.
lhis means payload velocities oi 30 km/s tor a 1 km/s tether, OI
100 km/s for futuristic tether materials. Payload speeds this
high can revolutionize travel in the solar system. Another major
advantage of the Cable Catapult is that with proper design it can
be made energy conservative.
That is, energy from incoming
payloads can be stored and used to launch outgoing payloads.
is in contrast to rocket systems, where a mass ratio of fuel must
be expended at each launch and deceleration. If they can be
demonstrated to be technologically feasible, such Cable Catapult
systems could drastically cut the costs of mounting the
President's Moon/Mars Space Exploration Initiative.
13

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 192, "chars": 1268, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MICROSPACECRAFT
Ihe PI has always been an advocate of designing minimum mass
spacecraft for difficult missions in order to minimize the
propulsion difficulty and enable the mission to be funded. In
prioI contracts' s he has envisioned conceptual designs IOł
spacecraft weighing a few grams.10.11
snere se mat orda man r che Enteretot r space saplortion.
ymposium. One of the papers, given by Bruno Augenstein of RAN
orporation, expanded on a previous paperiI by the PI to come u
with a system that could communicate with extraterrestrial
not by radio signals, but by large numbers oi
sma11 "calling cará" micros pacecratt nmanned probes that would l
sent to the target star systems by beamed lasri propulsion.
upon
arrival their emissions would be detected by the extraterrestrial
beings, who could then pick them up and read the microengraved
messages on the surface.
On 6-7 July 1988 the PI attended the Microspacecraft for Space
Science Workshop at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory as a member of a
panel of invited
science and technology experts which included
Bruce Murray and Freeman Dyson. As part of his duties as a panel
nembei, he prepared a white paper summarizing the results oi the
vorkshop and his recommendations for future vork (See Appendix B).
-
:
:
14

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2528, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HIGH RISK, HIGH PAYOFF STUDIES
A unique aspect of this study effort was the requirement in the
PRDA soliciting proposals for: "An efiolt to seek out and evaluate
the anomalous areas in the older, well established theories of
physics and the newer, less accepted theories of physics, define
the implications of the breakthrough physics found in the
theories, and propose experimental and theoretical efforts that
ray lead to revolutionary advances in science and technology."
As a result of this requirement, a small portion oi the contract
study time was spent on subjects (reactionless drives,
antigravity, space warps, etc.) that would normally be forbidden
topics in a
government contract. Since the PI has a background in
physics, he was able to actually make some progress on some of the
topics--enough progress that two papers written on these taboo
subjects were published in peer-reviewed scientific journals after
having gone through the skeptical scrutiny of the journal's
editors and referees.
NEGATIVE MATTER PROPULSION
Negative matter
is a hypothetical form of matter with negative
gravitational, inertial, and rest mass.
Negative matter is not
antimatter, which as far as we know has positive gravitational,
inertial, and rest mass.
Negative matter should not exist, for if
it did, it would be possible to build propulsion systems that
would produce an unlimited amount of unidirectional acceleration
without the expenditure of energy or reaction mass, and tree
energy machines that would provide unlimited amounts of mechanical
The PI studied the concept of negative matter in extensive detail
and found that despite its amazing propulsion properties, the
concept of negative matter seems to violate no law of physics.
system involving equal amounts of positive and negative matter can
produce a nearly unlimited amount of energy and momentum in the
positive matter object, because the negative matter object 1s
gaining an equal but opposite amount of negative energy and
momentum at the same time.
A lengthy (70 page) paper discussing these nearly unbelievable
study results was prepared. Copies of the papers plus personal
letters were sent to some twenty renowned scientists who had
previously wiitten papers on negative matter, or who were expert
in the field of gravitation, astronomy, or exotic particle physics
to insure that the scientific background ior this unconventional
paper was as solid as possible. No objection were made to the
paper as written. A shortened version of the paper was published
15

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2403, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in the January/February 1990 issue of the AIAA Journal oi
At the end of the paper, the PI makes
some suggestions for further research into this very exotic, high
SPACE WARPS
Space warps are hypothetical tunnels in space that allow travel
through the tunnel from one point in space to another point in
space, thus avoiding having to travel over the normal space
between the two points.
tunnel can be made shorter than the distance through normal space,
During a portion oi the study
effort the PI reviewed the extensive physics literature in this
field and wrote a review paper which was published in the November
1989 issue of the journal of the British Interplanetary Society'.
In the paper the PI brings out the fact that in the Einstein
theory of gravity, the General Theory of Relativity, warpage of
pace can not oniy be caused by dense masses, such as black holes,
but also by charge and angular momentum. If
the Einsteii
equations could be applied to an elementary particle like the
electron (they cannot, because the Einstein equations are not
valid in the quantum domain), then the relative space warpage
caused by the mass of an electron is only 10-s0
varpage caused by the charge of an alection is 1/137, and Space
space warpage caused by the spin of an election is 1/4.
The paper er s by recommending that theoretical and experimental
research on the space warping effects of highly charged, rapidly
spinning heavy nuclei should be carried out.
such research could
potentially lead to concepts for small space warps that do not
involve black holes oi stellar quantities of dense matter.
NEUTRINO CONTROL
It is a canonical saying of neutrino physics that a neutrino can
pass through lightyears oi lead without being stopped. Ihere have
been experiments reported in the scientific literature, however,
that seem to indicate that low energy neutrinos are coherently
scattered by just a few centimeters thickness of crystalline
material with a high stiffness and extremely high crystalline
Although this coherent neutrino scattering effect would
not lead to a new form oi propulsion, it could lead to a highiy
sensitive neutrino "telescope" that could find hidden nuclear
warheads at short ranges and would allow the detection of
submerged nuclear submarines at long ranges.
It could also
conceivably lead to new connunication systems using neutrinos •
instead of electromagnetic radiation.
16
:

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2472, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A portion of the contract study effort was spent talking to the
three experimentalists involved in the various coherent neutrino
scattering experiments and evaluating their results. A report to
the Contract Technical Monitor on the results of the evaluation
of recommendations for further research to prove or disprove the
purported effect.
REACTIONLESS DRIVES
During the study, one of the unenviable tasks of the PI was to
evaluate the "reactionless drives" that were brought to his
attention. A number of these were evaluated, with (expectedly but
unfortunately) no positive results.
The initially most promising reactionless drive was the EZKL
Propulsion System invented by Mr. Brandson Roy Thornson of 118
Emerala Grove Drive, Winnipeg, Manitoba, R3J 1H2, Canada.
According to the inventor, the device had purportedly passed the
"pendulum test".
In the pendulum test, the reactionless drive device under test is
hung by a wire from
above.
If it can produce reactionless drive
forces, then the drive will move to one side and stay there, the
angle
of the wire indicating the relative reactionless drive force
compared to the Earth's gravity force.
This test was devised in
an attempt to eliminate rectified vibrational forces that in the
past have produced unidirectional motion in previous "reactionless
'drives" that moved a cart across the floor or a boat across water:
The EZKL device involved a mechanical apparatus with various
motors, cans, gears, and electromagnetic latches that produced
oscillating forces on the case surrounding the apparatus.
The
case of the apparatus not only oscillated linearly with respect to
the center of mass, but oscillated in angle around the center of
short sin can and hardes
Ine apparatus was designed so the force in one direction is
short in time and hard, while the force in the opposite direction
is longer in time and soft.
It was
Mr. Thornson's contention that the averaged oscillating
forces in one direction exceeded the averaged oscillating forces
sensation of unidirectional force
by observers holding the
apparatus.
(2) The unidirectional motion of the apparatus (on a
styrofoam
float) across a shallow tank of water. (3) The
unidirectional motion of the apparatus (on Wheels) across a table.
(4) Ine average deflection offset of a light spot on the floor
from the beam of a flashlight attached to the bottom of the
apparatus case, while the apparatus was hung by wires from the
ceiling (the pendulum test).
17
!
..-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2638, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The videotape did not convince the PI.
Concerning Evidence (1):
Thr: human body is notoriously unreliable as a sensing instrument.
All our senses, including the kinetic sense of our bones and
muscles and reflexes, are inherently non-linear. Large forces
produce a very large sensation, while small forces are hardly fclt
at all.
It is not surprising that the volunteers felt more motion
in one direction than another.
Real floating
objects and real wheeled objects always exhibit some sort of non-
linear friction processes while operating, and are not suitable
for demonstrations of net unidirectional force. That is why the
pendulum test is recommended.
Concerning evidence (4): The next time the PI recommends the
pendulun test, he will add that the measurement of the offset from
the vertical has to be made of the center of mass of the
apparatus.
In Thornson's experimental setup, the flashlight
creating the beam was attached firmly to the bottom of the case of
the apparatus, pointing down.
The beam was then directed to the
floor below to create the spot that was measured. With this
setup, the light spot on the floor could be deflected by three
mechanisms, two of which would give spurious results.
The three mechanisms are: (a) Case offset--the motion of the case
surrounding the apparatus to one side of the center of mass of the
apparatus.
(Something internal would have to move in the opposite
direction, of course.) (b) Case rotation--the rotation of the
case around the center of mass oí the apparatus.
(Something
internal would have to rotate the opposite direction, of course.)
(c) The desired measurement--the motion of the center of mass of
the apparatus off from its rest point below the suspension point
of the pendulum from the ceiling due to a true reactionless force
generated by the device.
Suppose we have a child standing on a swing. A flashlight is
fixed firmly to the bottom of the swing seat, pointing downward.
Spurious mechanism (a) can be simulated by the child leaning back
and pushing on the seat with his feet and holding that position.
The seat would move one way and the child's body would move the
other way.
The flashlight, being attached to the seat and not to
the center of mass of the child and the seat, would be ofiset to
ne side, giving a false reading.
Spurious mechanism (b) can be
imulated by the child simpiy raising his toes and lowering his
Although the center of mass of the child and the seat,
and
nelr compinea center or mass,
would all remain in the same place,
he seat would be tilted, tilting the flashlight, deflecting the
light beam to one side, and giving a false reading.
18

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1573, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
when watching the demonstration of the EZKI device on the video,
the PI observed that the deflection of the light beam spot on the
floor was caused by the case rotating around the center of mass of
the apparatus, not by any deflection of the apparatus to one side.
Thus, the pendulum test, being flawed in the design of the
deflection measurement system, was not convincing evidence.
ANTIGRAVITY
The Fifth Force is a postulated long range gravity-like repulsive
force that is a function of other properties of a nucleus than
Since the Fifth Force is repulsive, it can be used to
counteract gravity. During the contract study period, the PI
monitored the scientific literature published on experiments to
verify or disprove the initial experiments that seemed to indicate
the existence of a fifth force.
Despite some initial positive
results
from a measurement of the Earth's gravity up a tall
television tower by the Air Force Geophysical Laboratory, and
similar measurements down a bore hole in the Greenland ice cap,
the present consensus is that the non-negative results are caused
by subtle biases in the data collection, rather than evidence for
The counter-evidence is not conclusive,
however, and further research in this area should be entered into
with an open mind and careful attention to tha possibility of
subtle bias errors in instrumentation and data analysis.
In January 1988 th ' PI visited Prof. James Woodward at California
State Uriversity Fullerton to see his experimental demonstration
capacitor on a sensitive scale with a lot of shielding in an
1.9

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1559, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SPACE PROPULSION POLICY ASSISTANCE ACTIVITIIS
Since the PI has developed a world-wide reputation as a person who
is knowledgeable about nearly all the different space propulsion
techniques, iras no personal or corporate imposed biases for or
against any adva led propulsion technique, and has an open mind to
unconventional anu far future propulsion concepts, he is often
asked to contribute "white papers" to assist government and
national aerospace organization policy makers as they try to make
plans for the future.
There were four such efforts.
One was a
list of advanced astronautics technologies prepared
for the Air
Force Astronautics Laboratories (See Appendix D),
one was a list
of potential benefits to Earth from the President's Moon/Mars
Space Initiative prepared for the National Space Council (See
Appendix E), one was a keynote speech to the NASA/Lewis "Vision-
21: Space Iravel for the Next Millennium"
directions of science and technology in astronautics and space
exploration, 74 and one was a review article on advanced space
propulsion
magazine, infor the July 1990 issue of the AIAA Aerospace America
In addition, the American Institute of Aeronautics and
Astronautics appointed the PI as one oi the AIAA Distinguished
Lecturers for the 1989-90 academic year. The AIAA pays the travel
expenses of the PI to visit some of the
smaller sections around
the country that would otherwise have difficulty obtaining
speakers.
During the nine month appointment, the PI made 13 trip:
and' presented 22 lectures on advanced propulsion concepts.
20

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2214, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
PATENTS AND NEW TECHNOLOSY
During the contract activity, a number of new space propulsion
eds layer on grous houre not be reness to patene eare
because of economic reasons, prior art limitations on claims, or
inabilty to reduce to commercial practice before the life of the
The three major new concepts that were developed far enough so
that patent disclosures could be prepared for submission to the
Air Force Staff Advocate General were:
SOLAR PHOTON THRUSTER
A space vehicle that uses a solar sail for propulsion can be
significantly improved in performance by separating the function
of collecting the solar photons from the function of reflecting
the solar photons. In the Solar Photon Ihruster shown schematic-
ally in Figure 1, the collector is a large reflecting surface
similar
in size and mass per unit area to that of a solar sail.
The collector faces the sun so as to always present the maximum
area for collection of sunlight.
The collector is modified in
structure so it is a light concentrator.
The concentrated
sunlight is directed to a reflecting surface of much smaller mass,
which redirects the light to provide net solar photon thrust in
the desired direction.
Io minimize undesired torques, the
collecting and reflecting portions of the system can be arranged
so that the net force passes through the center of mass of the
total system including payload. Variation of the collector and
reflector positions can produce spacecraft rotational iorques if
desired.
Since the collector of the sunlight in the Solar Photon thruster
is always facing the Sun no matter what the desired direction of
thrust,
the solar Photon Inruster always operates in a maximum
solar light power collection mode.
This is in contrast to the
prioI art solar sall propulsion system where the collector and
reflector are the same sheet of reflecting material.
In the prior art solar sail propulsion system, it the desired
direction of thrust is not directly away from the Sun, the sail
must be tilted at some angle o with respect to the Sun-sail line.
since the sail Is tilted toward the Sun, the effective collecting
area of the prior art solar sail propulsion system is decreased by
an amount proportional to sine.
21

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 436, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eked Tes cadeeinalee Reekck i oka ie hee ee tee ne
INCOMING FORCE FROM a
am— SUNLIGHT ___\ REFLECTED oe
$s N IGHT - a a |
noe ape eee eee ene) eee peter toon----2ef-] FORCE FROM
PAYLOAD i ae COLLECTED
oneenn SUNLIGHT
(fe Sls _ at ee
a aa aan Whig - eae nee Se
REFLECTOR HW SS TTS
__ > -— DIRECTOR ys ~~
(AT CM.) my SS
Li \hs, sO COLLECTOR
----- poe ee a CONCENTRATOR
rt wy
WVy

Fig. 1 ~- The Solar Photon
22

Thruster Concept

Se ee ee

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2702, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This means that the Solar Photon Ihruster always collects more
solar light power and therefore provides higher total solar photon
radiation pressure force for the same area of collector. Since
the mass of any optimized light pressure propulsion system is
eng opinion fate pee
dominated by the mass of the light collecting area, that means
that the systen of the invention will have better total system
performance in terms of
maximum payload capability, maximum
propulsive thrust, and minimum mission time than prior art solar
sail propulsion systems.
Further technical discussion of the Solar Photon Thruster concept
can be found in the technical paper accepted tor publication in
the Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets.
Patent disclosure FUn-88/001 "Solar Photon Thruster", signed 6 May
1988, was sub, ited to the Staff Judge Advocate on 27 May 1988.
During a lite ature search prior to filing for a U.s. Patent, a
drawing of a solar sail structure similar to those in the
disclosure was found in a Russian book, which in turn referenced
an obscure 1971 Russian publication.
This prior art woul
severely limit the breadth of any claims, so no further action was
taken on obtaining a patent.
STATITE: A NON-ORBITING SPACECRAFI
In the statite concept, a space vehicle containing a Earth-
services payload (communications, broadcast, weather, navigation,
etc.) is attached to a solar light pressure propulsion system to
form a space services station. After launch to an altitude where
the light pressure propulsion system can function, the light
pressure propulsion system is used to place the station at a point
above the north or south hemisphere of the Earth where, as is
shown in Figure 2, the gravitational pull of the Earth is exactly
counterbalanced by the light pressure force from the sun.
The system of the invention is distinctly different in operation
from all other space services concepts, in that the space station
supplying the services is not in orbit about the Earth. Unlike
all other prior art systems, the system of the invention does not
move with respect to the center of the earth and does not use
centrifugal force from orbital motion about the Earth to
counteract any portion of the Earth's gravitational attraction.
Since the spacecraft is not in orbit around the Earth, it is
technically not a satellite of Earth.
To distinguish these new types of space vehicles from satellites,
the generic scientific term of "statite" has been coined for them,
since they are stationary or static with respect to the Earth.
Since the major use of the statites will be to service the polar
regions, Forward Unlimited has coined the trade name of POLESTATTM
for its
versions of the system.
23

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 302, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
LIGHT -

PRESSURE
_ _. __ INCIDENT SUNLIGHT ss* FORCE
\
\ SOLAR SAIL OR
\ SOLAR PHOTON
TH OR
POLAR \. THRUST
AXIS PULL OF
EARTH GRAVITY *
ANGLE \
OFF '
POLAR / 30-100 EARTH
AXis / RADII DISTANCE REFLECTED
SUNLIGHT
N
Uy,
TO SUN {Wp EARTH-SUN LINE

7, DARK SIDE OF EARTH

Fig. 2 - The Statite Concept
24

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2592, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In some versions of the POLESTAT™ system, the POLESTAT™ is kept
directly over the North or South Pole of the spinning Earth.
an observer on the Earth, the POLESTATI stays fixed above the
pole while the stars rotate around it. The ground stations can
used fixed mounted antennas and simple fixed gain, Ilxed frequency
electronics similar to that used for similar services supplIed b
satellites operating in the equatorial geostationary orbit.
In
other versions of the system, the POLESTATIM is offset from the
polar axis.
It stays fixed at a point above the dark side of the
Earth, while the Earth spins beneath it. It should be noted that
the statite does not have to
be positioned directly opposite from
the sun.
The statite can be placed anywhere over a
large area on
the dark side of the Earth.
This is in contrast to the single
linear are of the equatorial geostationary arc.
From the viewpoint of an observer on the rotating Earth, this
version of the POLESTATE rotates around the pole once
every 24
hours (a solar day) .
Thus, ground stations for communication with
these versions of the POLESTATIM systems must have their antennas
on a polar mount with a 24 hour clock drive.
Since the distance
between the ground station and the statite does not change
significantly in magnitude, and the doppler shifts are very low,
the electronics needed for these versions of the system of the
invention are nearly as simple as those at the fixed position
ground stations.
A typical distance of a statite from the center
of the Earth is 30 to 100 Earth radii.
(For reference,
geostationary orbit is at 6.6 Earth radii and the Moon
is at 63
Earth radii.)
Thus, one disadvantage of the system of the
invention is that the round-trip delay time is a number of
seconds.
The basic advantage of the POLESTATIM system over
existing Earth services systems is that the system of the
invention can provide continuous service to any region of the
Earth, including the polar regions, using only one space vehicle
and without requiring a position on the equatorial geostationary
Further technical discussion of the statite concept can be
found in the technical paper accepted for publication in the
Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets.'
Patent disclosure FUN-88/002 "POLESTAT™M", dated 9 May 1988, was
submitted to the Staff Judge Advocate on 27 May 1988.
Forward
Unlimited filed U.s. Patent Application serial number 07/294,788
"Statite Apparatus and Method of Use" on 9 January 1989. Foreign
January 1990.
first office action and the examiner recognizes the method of the
basic concept as being patentable.
25

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2115, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CABLE CATAPULT
The Cable Catapult is a proposed new method for high speed
interplanetary transport
using long
space tethers. As is shown in
Figure 3, a long tether is pointed in the direction the payload
vehicle is supposed to traver.
The payload is attached to a
linear motor powered by an external electrical source, and the
linear motor
"climbs" the tether, accelerating the payload up to
launch speed. At the launch point, the payload is released to
travel on to
the destination while
the linear motor is decelerated
to a halt on a shorter section of cable. When an incoming payload
approaches, the linear motor builds up speed, matches with the
incoming payload and decelerates the payload to a stop on the
longer section.
The major advantage of the Cable Catapult system is that it will
allow rapid travel to and from other planetary bodies.
Once a
complete system is set up, with Cable Catapults at every planet
and in the asteroid belt, no energy or propellant will needed to
keep the system running provided the incoming mass falling down
the Sun's gravity well from the outer solar system exceeds the
outgoing mass.
The present method of reaching the planets is to use rocket
propulsion. With chemical rockets, the mass ratios are very high,
the mission times are years long, and the costs are extremely
high.
With either nuclear or electric propulsion, the mass ratios
• the costs are sighedy
are smaller, the costs are slightly less, but the
mission times
are still many years long. Solar sails have also been considered
for interplanetary transport, but the estimated mission times are
also many years long.
Existing proposals to use tethers for space propulsion involves
rotating a long tether about its center with the payload out at
one tip.
The maximum launch velocity attainable for practical
mass ratios (cable mass over payload mass) is 3 times the
characteristio velocity of the cable material ol' 3 km/s for a
1 km/s cable.
A Cable Catapult using the same amount of cable material could
years to months or weeks, and open up the whole solar system to
Iapid, economical transport.
•
26
-
-----

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 287, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PAYLOAD

LEAVES
goto LINEAR MOTOR
weds DECELERATES TO STOP
WAITS FOR INCOMING
PAYLOAD

é
PAYLOAD SEPARATES
FROM LINEAR MOTOR

LINEAR MOTOR
ACCELERATES PAYLOAD
ALONG CABLE

Fig. 3 - The Cable Catapult Concept
27

Se pe alee ly pe SS Ap a A A ie ies el heh pg

ek a a

ee ee

2. eae ee ee

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1890, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
most significant advantage of the Cable Catapult is that the
ratio of the cable mass to the payload mass (the effective "mass
ratio" of the system) only rises as the square of the final
payload velocity divided by the cable characteristic velocity.
This is to be compared with a rocket, where the mass ratio rises
as the exponential of the final payload velocity divided by the
rocket exhaust velocity, or to a rotating tether launcher where
the mass ratio rises as
the exponential of the square of the final
payioad velocity divided by the cable characteristic velocity.
The second advantage of the Cable Catapult, is that like the
rotating tether, the system can be made conservative, in that
incoming payloads will supply most of the energy needed to launch
fuel is needed to keep it operating.
different from rocket
systems, where a mass ratio of rocket fuel
is used up for every incoming and outgoing payload.
Further technical discussion of the Cable Catapult concept can be
found in the technical paper presented at the AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE
26th Joint Propulsion Conference in Orlando, Florida from 16-18
July 1990.
The paper has been submitted for publication in the
Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets."
Patent disclosure FUN-90/003 "Cable Catapult", dated 5 January
1990, was submitted to the Staff Judge Advocate on 5 January 1990.
It was the opinion of the inventor, his company Forward Unlimited,
and the patent attorney for Forward Unlimited, that the disclosed
invention was patentable. However, Forward Unlimited does not
intend to file for a patent, and does not recommend that the U.s.
Government file for a patent, since the claims will be quite
limited because of the similarity of the disclosed invention to
ordinary catapults and railguns, and it is extremely unlikely
there will be any commercial application for the concept during
the 17 year lifetime of the patent.
28

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1772, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REFERENCES
• Robert I. Forward, Alternate Propulsion Energy Sources,
AERPL IR-83-067, December 1983,
Final Report on AF Contract 04611-
83-C-0013 with Forward Unlimited, P.O. Box 2783, Malibu, CA 90265.
2 Robert I. Forward, Antiproton Annihilation Propulsion, AFRPL
TR-85~034, September
1985,
Final Report on AF Contract F04611-83-
C-0046 with the University of Dayton Research Institute, Dayton,
ohio 45469.
3 Robert I. Forward, Adyanced Space Propulsion Study: Antiproton
and Beamed Power Propulsion,
AFAL IR-87-070,
October 1987, Final
Report on AF Contract F04611-86-C-0029 with Hughes Research
Laboratories, Malibu, California 90265.
Robert I. Forward, "Grey Solar Sails", J. Astronautical
Sciences 38, No. 2, 161-185 (April-June 1990).
Robert I. Forward, "Solar Photon Thruster", Preprint AIAA-89-
2545, 25th Joint Propulsion Conference, Monterey, California (10-
14 July 1989).
¡Accepted for publication in the vournal of
Spacecraft and Rockets.]
Robert I. Forward, "Light-Levitated Geostationary Cylindrical
Orbits; correction and Expansion",
Preprint FUn-88-001 (Forward
Unlimited, Malibu,
california 90265-1783, 21 April 1988).
[Accepted
for publication in the Journal of the Astronautical
Sciences. J
" Robert I. Forward, "The Statite: A Non-Orbiting Spacecraft",
Preprint AIAA-89-2546, 25th Joint Propulsion Conference, Monterey,
California (10-14 July 1989). [Accepted for publication in the
Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets. ]
Geoffrey A. Landis and Frank J. Hrach, "Satellite Relocation by
Tether Deployment", NASA Technical Memorandum 101992, NASA/Lewis
Research Center, Cleveland, OH 44135 (April 1989).
Spacecraft and Rockets.]
10 Robert I. FoIward, "Starwisp: An Ultra-Light Interstellar
Probe", J. Spacecraft, Vol. 22, pp. 345-350 (May-June 1985).
29

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 605, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11 Robert I. Forward, "Laser weapon Target Practice with Gee-Whiz
Targets", pp. 41-44, Proceedings SDIO/DARPA Workshop on Laser
Propulsion, J.I. Kare, Technical Editor, LINI, Livermore, CA, 7-
vol. 2 - Contributed Papers (April 1987).
Report CONF 860778, Rechrical Infornation Dept, Lawrence Livermore
National Laboratory, Livermore, California 94550.
12 Robert L. Forward, "Negative Matter Propulsion", J. Propulsion
and Power E, 28-37 (January-February 1990).
-
533-542 (1989).
Ohio' (3-4 April 1990)..
15 Robert L. Forward,
America 28,
No. 7, 60-64 (auly 199006 PropuIsion", Aerospace
30
:
i
:
:
;
:
:

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
APPENDIX A
TETHER BOOTSTRAP PROPULSION
DI. Robert I. Forward
7 May 1989
Geoffrey R. Landis of NASA/Lewis Research Center has invented a
lovel concept for using tethers for propulsion near the Earth.ª
The basic concept is that if two halves of a spacecraft (or a
spacecraft and its expended booster) are extended on a long tether
(it must be long to be effective), the center-of-mass of the
ma sites silency dom
extended system shifts slightly downward from the original center-
of-mass and the orbital period decreases. This shift in the
center-of-mass occurs because the Earth's gravity force causes an
counteracting cente agal force due to orbital motion the
motion causes an
acceleration that varies as I.
For very long tethers, the two
forces no longer exactly cancel at the two ends and there is a
residual, second order, force which must be balanced by a shift in
the center of mass.
When the tether is pulled in again, the
center-of-mass of the combined system raises upward.
alternately extending and contracting the tether at proper
points in the orbit, the tether can be used to "pump" an initially
circular orbit into a highly elliptical orbit.
Theoretically, if
the initial orbit is circular and at an altitude of greater than
one earth radii, then the final orbit can be an escape parabola.
The angular momentum of the initial and final orbits are the same,
so no angular momentum needs to be supplied.
The energy of the
escape parabola is much greater than the energy of the initial
circular orbit, so energy needs to be supplied, either from an
onboard power supply or by collecting externally supplied power.
The final configuration has the payload, tether, and counterweight
has some linear momentum. To conserve linear momentum, the tether
has transferred linear momentum to the Earth by coupling to the
gravity tidal fields of the Earth through its extended length.
Although it looks like the system is "pulling itself up by its
bootstraps"
" It is not. In effect, the tether is "climbing" out
of the Earth's gravity well by coupling to the non-linearities in
the gravitational giadient fields or gravity tides.
A-1

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2350, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unlike other tether propulsion concepts in the literature, where
one mass (the payload) is raised in orbit while another mass (the
ounterweight) is lowered in orbit, the technique developed by
Landis allows the center-of-mass of the entire system to be raised
from a low circular orbit into a high elliptical orbit--
conceptually into an escape orbit from Earth--without the use of
rockets or reaction mass.
Energy is required, which can be
supplied from an onboard power supply, but no reaction mass is
needed, and if the Earth-to-LEO booster is used as a counterweight
for the payload mass, the only weight penaity is the mass of the
tether (compared with the weight penalty of a LEO-GEO booster
rocket) .
Further studies have been done by Landis using the simplest
pumping scheme, retracting the tether at perigee and extending it
at apogee. Since the gravity gradient is stronger at perigee than
at apogee, this increases the energy of the orbit. He finds that
the technigu, gets less effective the further the system 1s away
from the Ealti, 50 it would take an arbitrarily long time to
actually get all the way to escape.
However, by coupling to the lunar gravitational field on the way
out, the system could obviously transfer to a lunar orbit. with
the proper choice of a "gravity-whip" trajectory, it could also
probatly utilize the orbital motion of the Moon reach Earth-Moon
escape velocity.
More important fron the standpoint of possible Air Force
applications of the technique, Landis estimates that it would take
only 6.5 days to go from a circular LEO of 0.75 Earth radii (about
5000 km) to a highly elliptical transfer orbit that goes up to
GEO.
There, a rocket burn could circularize the orbit, or
possibly the expended booster (which is also transferred along
with the payload) can be tossed away in the right direction to
obtain the angular momentum necessary to achieve circular GEO.
'Since this new propulsion concept seems to be able to provide
useful, reasonably rapid propulsion near the Earth without the use
i rockets and only the us of a power supply, which many ALl
orce payloads have anyway, I recommend that someone in the
REFERENCES
- Geoffrey A. Landis and Frank J. Hrach, "Satellite Relocation by
Tetheï Deployment"
, NASA Technical Memorandum 101992, NASA/Lewis
Research Center, Cleveland, OH 44135 (April 1989).
A-2

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1338, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX B
CONTRIBUTION IO
MICROSPACECRAFT FOR SPACE SCIENCE WORKSHOP
Dr. Robert I. Forward
9 July 1990
INTRODUCTION
The material in this technical report is designed to be used as
input draft material for potential inclusion in the Summary Report
of the Microspacecraft for Space Science Workshop held at the Jet
Propulsion Laboratory on 6-7 July 1988. The Summary Report will
be compiled by Ross M. Jones and James D. Burke of JPL.
report will contain presentations given to a panel of invited
science and technology experts, and a report by the panel.
summarizing their findings as to the science value and the
technological feasibility of the concept of using microspacecraft
for space science, and the directions for future development of
the concept.
Because this report is merely input material to a larger report,
it is broken into short, self-contained sections to make the jobs
of the Summary Report editors easier. The casual reader will fina
this report disjointed and incomplete, since it is only part of a
whole.
It is recommended that the interested reader obtain the
full Summary Report from Ross M. Jones, Mail Stop 233-309, Jet
Propulsion Lab,
4800 Oak Grove Drive, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA,
telephone (818) 354-7769.
through their financial support of the Microspacecraft for Space
science Workshop at JPL.
B-1
:
:
:
:
:

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2124, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMARI
Is a member of the panel of invited science and technology expert:
with a foot in both camps)., I would summarize the presentation
and discussions as follows:
Spacecraft
The present and future development of hit-to-kill projectiles by
the Space Defense Initiative Organization gives strong confidence
of computing power, and still have a significant mass fraction
available for science payloads.
Because these buses were designed for a different mission than
interplanetary space science, there are some major areas that need
further careful examination to make sure that some "show stopper"
does not lurk somewhere. Some examples that come immediately to
mind are:
• The design lifetime for the SDI mission is in minutes, while
interplanetary missions take years.
Is the design mean time-to-
failure of inertial reference unit, propulsion system,
erectronics, etc. compatio_er
Ine design ranges for the SDI mission are in 1000s of
Kilometers, not A.U. Can reasonable extrapolations of the onboard
power, telemetry, transmitting and receiving apertures, optical
focal
Lengths, etc. be made to allow the weapon turned science
spacecraft to perform its new mission?
The design accelerations are 100s to millions of gees. Are
there any science instruments that cannot be redesigned to take
these accelerations?
The presentations at the workshop on spacecraft concepts were
largely limited to spacecratt buses that were compact versions of
present spacecrait, in that they use onboard propulsion and the
scientific payioads are not integral parts of the structure. This
was proper, since such spacecraft seem feasible in near term, are
very flexible in the type of payloads they can carry, and seem
adequate to carry out the desired scientific missions. There do
exist other concepts for spaceciait structures, however, some
specific examples being atmospheric and ground penetrators, sails,
and tethered structures (no doubt there are others that would be
uncovered by a more thorough search), that were not discussed in
any detail. Some of these may be more suitable, or even enabling,
for some types of missions.
B-2

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2348, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An example of the penetrator type is the atmospheric penetrator
"Maple Seed" concept briefly flashed up by James Burke."
There is
no onboard propulsion for rendezvous with the planet, with the
"wing" serving as a tail during reentry, an autogyro
for soft
landing, and an antenna during data return.
An example of the sail type is the wire mesh spacecraft concept
conceived by Freeman Dyson and Robert I, Forward, and described in
a paper by Forward." The spacecraft structure, propulsion system,
power supply, electronics packag», navigation system, imaging
system, and transponder/data levuin system are all integrated into
a single structure, a hexagonal wire mesh with integrated
electronic circuits at the intersections of the wires.
Beamed
microwave power striking the wire mesh provides propuision,
to the tran on guying and an elect be to Barth.
An example of the tethered structures would be a large VLE radio
array consisting of radio receivers held in a square array by
tethers such as that discussed in the presentation by Tom kuiper. 3
For the VIF array, the tethers would serve both as antennas and
structure.
Propulsion
The propulsion concepts discussed at the workshop were primarily
limited to electromagnetic guns (more specifically railguns), and
chemical propulsion (both for launch and divert AV).
The one
paper on laser propulsion by Tom Meyer® on the second day, was on
better picture of the status of laser propulsion can be found in
the Proceedings of the SDIO/DARPA Workshop on Laser Propulsion
held in July 1986 at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory."
The presentations on propulsion showed that existing chemical
rocket technology could serve to send clusters of microspacecraft
on their way, and that if electromagnetic guns existed in space,
they also would do for firing compact macro projectiles
There was a general feeling,
lowever, that straightiorward extrapolations of chemical
ropulsion ideas would not produce the breakthrouch in cost
reduction and frequency of launch that would truly make
microspacecraft a reality. Innovative launch, midcourse, and
terminal propulsion ideas are needed and the
recommended
survey
study should search diligently for them. If they are not found,
and SDIO does not develop them for its purposes, ther the
microspacecrait concept will literally "not get off the ground".
B-3

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2469, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conmunications
It is amazing how far one can talk on one watt. The presentations
on telecommunication and power subsystems by Dick Turner,
indicate that reasonable data rates can be expected back from
microspacecraft, especially if the carrier frequency is shifted
into the optical region.
There was a general feeling, however,
that the telecommunications bit rates that looked reasonable to
the communication technologists were not much greater than the
maximum data bit rates
desired by the scientists (especially for
flyby imaging missions).
This could be a potential problem area.
The problems of the deterioration and overloading of the Deep
space Network, the desire oi investigators to coliect data full
time, directly at their own site, means that innovative thinking
is needed, and the recommended survey study should look carefully
for "show stoppers" in this area.
Science Sensors
Another area that was only briefly scanned over in the
presentations at the workshop were the compatibility of typical
science sensors with microspacecraft and missions enabled by them.
Practically all the present space qualified science sensors are
too heavy for microspacecraft. Some science sensors, such as
gamma ray detectors and gravity gradiometers, lose sensitivity
with reduced mass.
Some science sensors, such as long focal
length telescopes, VIl antennas, high resolution imaging systems,
and magnetic gradiometers, need long lengths or large areas.
Although these can be supplied by light-weight construction, the
resultant rigidity may not be enough for proper sensor
performance.
Some science sensors, such as magnetometers and
gamma ray detectors, require low background levels, and may not be
compatible with certain types of microspacecraft.
Again, this is
an area that needs further study in any survey.
Science Missions
one obvious conclusion of the workshop is that microspacecraft
wil1 not replace macrospacecraft.
As Freeman Dyson eloquently
expressed it during the summary session, "Don't confuse science
with exploration."
exploration, and there are some specific science missions that are
enabled by the microspacecraft concept. As an example of using
many microspacecraft for exploration,
sampled in a statistically significant manner by 100s to 1000s of
sample a few distinguishing properties a meter or so under the
distant moon or planet can be explored globally by dropping a
swarm of a few dozen "maple leafs" oi penetrators from all angles.
B-4

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 344, "chars": 2314, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As an example of microspacecraft being an enabling technology for
a science mission, a comprehensive study to determine both the
spatial and temporal structure of the magnetosphere around the
Earth, sun, or other body cannot be done with one or two large
spacecraft. It can be done, and done well, with a single launch
that places a few dozen microspacecraft into appropriately
displaced orbits.
There are no doubt other science missions that can be aided or
enabled by the availability of microspacecraft.
Some of these
concepts will be new ones that will be coliceived by the scientists
in those fields only when they realize that microspacecraft are
possible.
The proposed study should include a survey of space
scientists that essentially asks: "Suppose you could place 100s of
spacecraft or landers anywhere you wanted to. What could you do
with them? What capabilities should they have?"
RECOMMENDATIONS
It is recommended that further work on microspacecraft for space
science proceed.
The concepts for the spacecraft technology 100k
reasonable and there are definite science missions that cannot be
done using present space exploration concepts.
It is recommended that a full-time person or a small group of
persons conduct a broad survey of the field and prepare a report
summarizing the present and future state of the technology of
microspacecraft and the space science uses of that technology.
The various concepts that were noted, but not covered, in the
workshop should be investigated in detail. Special effort should
be made to find new spacecraft concepts, new propulsion concepts,
new instrument concepts, and new applications of microspacecraft
that were not brought out at the workshop. For example, potential
science users should be surveyed to uncover new science missions.
Because the concept covers so many fields, the study should allow
sufficient real time (12 months), in addition to sufficient man-
in the first phases.
it 1s recommended that a review article on microspacecraft be
ноп в она су ва 0 справк tho ongto ing nedd
It is recommended that as the survey report nears completion
(about 18 months Irom now), a second workshop be convened. This
should have sufficient funding so that review papers by well-known
scientists and technologists can be commissioned ($2000-$5000
B-5
-.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 660, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
each) beforehand, on specific critical topics uncovered by the
survey study..
fast to ges arkantact and i rary attent in re
Augenstein of RAND Corporation just produced such a proceedings of
commissioned papers for the Antiproton Science & Technology
workshop.)
References
* James. Burke, "Mars Maple Seed" (see contribution).
3 Tom Kuiper, "Sub-millimeter Waves" (see contribution).
• Iom Meyer, "Laser levitated Microspacecraft" (see
contribution).
§ J.I. Kare, Technical Editor, Proceedings SDIO/DARPA Workshop on
Laser propulsion, LINL, Livermore, CA, 7-18 July 1986. Vol. 1 -
• Dick Turner "Teleconmunication and Power Subsystems" (see
contribution).
B-6

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2587, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GOSSAMER SPACECRAFT
The presentations at the workshop on spacecraft concepts were
largely limited to spacecraft buses that were compact versions of
present spacecraft, in that they used onboard propulsion and the
scientific payloads were not integral parts of the structure.
This was proper, since such spacecraft seem feasible in neat term,
. are very flexible in the type of payloads they can carry, and seem
adequate to carry out the desired scientific missions.
exist other concepts for spacecraft structures, generically
referred to as "Gossamer Spacecraft" by Bruce Murray. C1
specific examples are strings, tethers, sails, nets, and balloons
(no doubt there are others that would be uncovered by a more
thorough search), that were not discussed in any detail. Some of
these may be more suitable, or even enabling, for some types of
missions.
An example of a string spacecraft would be one consisting of a
small, thin conducting fiber with a central payload consisting of
a semiconductor diode microwave generator, a field emitting
needle, and a few micrograms of radioisotopes that can emit high
energy
beta particles that would charge up the whole spacecraft to
the voltage of the emitted particle (many megavolts). The rapidly
moving charged spacecraft would experience Lorentz forces
proportional to the interplanetary magnetic field. By properly
designing the position of the charging radioisotopes and the
discharging field emission points, currents can be made tu " » in
the metal coated portions of the fiber and used to power
microwave diodes, making them oscillate.
The rf energy
en
be radiated into space by the fiber acting as a multiele!
of clectromagnetic dipoles with a very large effective area.
By
tracking these charged wires as they move through space,
the
strength and direction of the magnetic field, and possibly even
the ion density, can be calculated. 62
An example of the tethered structures would be a large VIF radio
array consisting of radio receivers held in a square array by
tethers such as that discussed in the presentation by Tom
sun a thi house
Kuiper. c3
For the VLE array, the tethers would serve both as
antennas and structure.
Tethers can also be used for propulsion. A rotating cable around
the earth can pick up payloads at the peak of a ballistic
trajectory launch and whirl them around to escape velocity.
The
inimum rotating tether mass was found to be 75 times the payloa
If this scaling law holds for microspacecraft, a half-tol
rotating tether can easily throw one 5 kg microspacecraft after
another anywhere in the solar system.
B-7

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1695, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Alternatively, a chemically Launched microspacecraft approaching a
expenditure of propellant.
n example of the sail type is the well-known JPL study for th
esign of a solar sail capable of rendezvousing with Halley':
Comet. as
JPL has known this technology would work for over a
decade, and I was surprised that someone did not take a quick look
at microsails for the workshop. Ihis should be done in the
recommended study.
An example of the net type is the wire mesh spacecraft concept
conceived by Freeman
Dyson and Robert I. Forward and described in
a paper by Forward. 56
The spacecraft structure, propulsion
system, power supply, electronics package, navigation system,
imaging system, and transponder/data return system are all
integrated into a single structure, a hexagonal wire mesh with
integrated electronic circuits at the intersections of the wires.
Beamed microwave power striking
the wire mesh provides propulsion,
electric power to run the circuits, and an electronio phase
reference to the transponder system giving the direction back to
Earth.
Ine array of integrated circuits, each with a photodiode and
interconnected through the wires, can use the large effective
aperture to collect photons at different frequencies from
different directions, transform the information into a high
resolution multi-color image, and transpond the image back. The
original paper showed how 16 grams of wire mesh and 4 grams of
electronic microcircuits could return real-time color television
pictures over interstellar distances.
The size of the
transmitting microwave aperture in the paper was extreme because
of the high terminal velocity required to conduct interstellar
travel.
B-8
-
•
•

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
References
61 Bruce Murray, "Gossamer Spacecraft Workshop", JPL, 1980.
GZ
Robert I. Forward, "Zero Ihrust Velocity Vector Control for
Interstellar Probes: Lorentz Force Navigation and Circling", AIAA
Journal, Vol. 2, No. 5, Pp. 885-889 (May 1964).
Iom Kuiper, "Sub-millimeter Waves" (see contribution).
as Hans Moravec, "A Non-Synchronous Orbital skyhook"
Astronautical Scíences 25, 307-322 (october-December 1977).
Realistic", AIAA Paper
o Robert I. Forward,
"Starwisp: An Ultra-Light Interstellar
Probe", J. Spacecraft, Vol. 22, No. 3, PP. 345-30 (May-June 1985).
Bill Trimmer, "Micromeshanical Systems" (see contribution).
B-9

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2443, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'LASER PROPULSION OF MICROSPACECRAFT
There are two forms of laser propulsion--laser photon pressure
pIr pulsion, the microspacecraft is made highly reflecting at the
laser operating frequency (usually by extending a reflective sail)
and bouncing the laser light off the spacecraft.
photons have momentum, and the change in the direction of the
momentun vector during the reflection process produces an
impulsive force on the spacecraft given by:
F = 2P/c
where P is the laser power and c=300 Mm/s is the speed of light.
The concept of laser lightsail propulsion was conceived in 1961
within months after the invention of the laser. It
A paper
reviewing the field and discussing the application of laser-pushed
lightsails for round-trip interstellar travel was published in
1984.52
The concept is not limited to laser light bouncing off
MiIIOIS.
For example there is one design that uses beamed
microwave power to push a reflective wire mesh structure. Is
This form of laser propulsion has the advantage that the laser
supplies both the energy and the reaction mass for the propulsion
system.
Since the reflected laser light still has most of the
power In It, however, this method of laser propulsion is extremely
, inefficient in coupling the laser power into the vehicle to
produce kinetic energy in the vehicle.
In the parlance of the
propulsion engineer, the "specific impulse" is too high for the
mission.
A better method of using laser power for solar system
exploration is laser thermal propulsion.
Laser thermal propulsion was first proposed by Kantrowitz**
in 1972, shortly after the advent of high power COz lasers. Until
recently, however, there did not appear to be much prospect of
obtaining large enough lasers to launch useful payloads from the
The characteristic laser power required has typically
been taken to be 1 GW or
larger. Laser propulsion studies
levels corresponding to laser powers around 10 MW.
Recently., much progress has been made in the development of high
power lasers, especially free election lasers (FELS), and in
related technologies such as adaptive optics.
This work,
supported by the defense community and particularly by SDIO and
DARPA, has led to the expectation that lasers (and optics) capable
of launching significant payloads to orbit will be demonstrated by
the early 1990s.
Because of this expectation, the SDIO and DARPA
sponsored a Workshop on Laser Propulsion at the Lawrence Livermore
B-10
-

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1853, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
National Laboratory from 7-18 July 1986.u5 The meeting was held
at LINI since they are in the process of constructing a free
electron laser with peak and average power levels that are
classified, but clearly within the range of suitability for
consideration as a laser source for testing vehicles with laser
thermal propulsion systems.
A summary of the workshop results are:
CW laser thermal propulsion is a significant new form of advanced
rocket propulsion that can be used for both earth-launch and
orbit-raising missions.
• Engine efficiencies as high as 90 to 100% can be achieved by
regenerative cooling oi the absorption chamber and by operating at
optimum flow rates, pressures, and optical geometries.
• Specific impulses of 2000 s (exhaust velocitier of 20 km/s)
can be achieved and can be varied for optimum propulsion
throughout a mission.
• The physics of the CN laser thermal propulsion process are
well understood, and scaling studies can now be undertaken.
• Because the physics are understood and no serious problems
have been identified, working prototype CW thrustors should be
available by the early 1990s.
Ch laser thermal propulsion is best suited for high-energy
missions requiring very high specific impulses. Some examples
are:
• orbital maneuvering In low earth orbit or to geostationary
orbit.
The laser power reguired is 10 to 100 Mw.
" Inexpensive launch OI 1000 kg payloads into low earth orbit
he laser power required is 1 to 2 GW
References
z1 Robert I. Forward, "Pluto-The Gateway to the Stars", Missiles
and Rockets, Vol. 10, pp. 26-28 (April 1962).
12 Robert I. Forward, "Roundtrip Interstellar Travel Using Laser-
Pushed Lightsails", J. Spacecraft, Vol. 21, PD. 187-195 (March-
cs Robert I. Forward, "Starwisp: An Ultra-Light Interstellaz
Probe", J. Spacecraft, Vol. 22, pp. 345-350 (May-June 1985).
B-11
:
.....
•
i

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 376, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Arthur Kantrowitz, "Propulsion to Orbit by Ground-Based
lasers", Astronautics and Aeronautics, Vol. 10, PD 74 If (1972).
J'I• Kare, lechnical Editor, Proceedings SDIO/DARPA Workshop
on: Laser Propulsion, LINI, Livermore, CA, 1-18 July 1986-
vol. I
2 - Contributed Papers (April
-9877cu LuNg part CNY-240678, Oechnical Information Dept, LiNI,
Livermore, California 94550.
B-12

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1953, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
•
APPENDIX C
THE WEBER EFFECT
DI. Robert I. FoIWard
4 May 1989
Background
Professor Joseph Weber of the University of Maryland and
University of California at Irvine has carried out a series of
experiments in which he reports that he has observed anomalously
high scattering of neutrinos from nearly perfect crystals with
high Debye temperatures. I will call the experimentally observed
enhanced neutrino scattering,
""The Weber Effect"
¡ since it is an
observed experimental effect that exists independent of theories.
Weber has also developed a theory to explain his experimental
results.
I will call his theory "The Weber Scattering Center
Coherence Theory".
It is important to recognize that "The Weber
Effect" is separate from "The Weber Scattering Center Coherence
Theory".
The weber theory could be wrong, while the Weber Effect
could still exist.
Most of the physics community as not believe either in the Weber
of papers have been written criticizing his theoretical analysis.
of his work out of hand and have not attempted to verify his
experimental results.
To me, the experimental results, because of
their large number and great variety in terms of different
particles, different sources, different detectors, and different
setups, have a validity that
is independent of theory. The
experiments deserve attention, and they have not gotten it.
It would be different if the weber Effect were some trivial
phenomenon of interest to only a small group of specialists.
if the weber Effect is real, there could be major military and
geopolitical implications.
A sensitive directional detector of
neutrinos would make the seas transparent as far as nuclear
powered submarines are concerned.
Nuclear reactors and most
nuclear weapons could not be hidden unless the same concept were
used to develop neutrino shields.
gravitons, axions, cosmic rays) might become available, producing
major technological advances in sensors and connunication.
C-1

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2727, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In this report I will outline and discuss the experiments
demonstrating the Weber Effect, briefly cover the Weber Scattering
center coherence Iheory, and recommend some experiments that could
be carried out by the Astronautics Laboratory that would augment
experiments being conducted or planned elsewnere.
Experiments
Most of the experiments demonstrating the Weber Effect have been
carried out over the past eight years by Professor Weber himself.
Recently, experiments have been done by others in cooperation witn
Weber.
One early experimentt.2 by Weber used the antineutrinos
from a 600 Ci (curie) tritium source to create a repulsive force
of 4x10-" dynes on a 12.7 g crystal of sapphire (aluminum oxide) .
Debye temperature of 1000 K. A 600 Ci source produces
approximately 1000 detact one or sure on indies 210-3
antineutrinos per second.
Weber estimates that the antineutrinos
have an average energy of about 12 kev. I would estimate the
neutrino energy would be half the tritium decay energy of
18.6 KeV, since the neutrino shares the energy with a beta
particle.
Ine repulsive force was measured using a sensitive
torsion balance made of a tungsten fiber supporting an aluminum
disc with the sapphire crystal on one side and a dummy weight of
Lead on the other.
The measured force of 4x10-7 dynes corresponds
to a total cross section of approximately 1.5 cm?, which is almost
the physical cross section of the crystal.
The experiment was repeated?-s with a 3000 Ci source, a sapphire
crystal with diameter of 2.54 cm (area 5.1 cm) and a thickness of
0.6 ci, with essentially the same results.
The calculated
experimental neutrino scattering cross-section was 2.0540.23 cm?,
or again almost the physical size of the crystal.
The 3000 Ci
source generates about 0.1 Was the result of the beta decay
electrons being stopped in the container. Possible thermally
induced effects due to this heating were reduced by using a
resistive heated dunny capsule with the same size, mass, and heat
output as the tritiun source.
Another experiment, employed antineutrinos from a nuclear test
reactor at the National Bureau of Standards in Gaithersburg,
The average energy of the reactor neutrinos was
estimated by Weber to be 1.6 MeV. A standard torsion-balance
arrangement was used, with a 100 g sapphire crystal on one side
and a 100 g lead mass on the other.
A, 5 kg "shield" crystal was
used to "block" the antineutrinos coming from the reactor.
apparatus was located about 15 m irom the 20 M nuclear reactor.
Repulsive force changes of 3.910.4x10-5 dynes, were observed as
the Shielding crystal was placed between the reactor and the
target crystal.
The calculated cross section was approximately
2 cm? for a 100 g crystal.
C-2

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2561, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A third experiment" involved solar neutrinos. The torsion balance
had a 26 g single crystal of sapphire on one side and a lead mass
The solar neutrino flux is expected to be 6x1010
neutrinos/s•cm? (6x1014 neutrinos/s•m'), with an energy range from
A diurnally varying force of about 4.6x10-s dynes
There are also two experiments that do not involve neutrinos
scattering off stiff crystals.
details are very sketchy, since these experiments show that a
large "Weber Effect" exists in experimental setups that do not
asorated ten anolatio onesent.
one experiment? involved the
from the reactor. No mention is made of scattering cross-section
measurements.
The other experiment is described in a brief contract progress
reports which describes the anomalously high absorption of photons
by nuclear spins in a cryogenically cooled crystal. Again the
effect is purported to be due to coherent action by the scattering
centers.
These results have yet to be reported in the scientific
literature. If they are true, they inficate that the anomalously
high cross sections are not due to some peculiarity of neutrinos,
but can be repeated using easily generated and detected laser
photons.
There have been two recent experiments to verify the Weber Effect
that involve other people besides weber ana nis students and
employees.
The first is an experiment carried out by Mario D.
Grossi, OI Smithsonian Astrophysical Laboratory (SAO) ana Raytheon
Submarine Signal Division. Dr. Grossi had been under contract to
NASA®
and then DARPA" for research on a mechanical method for
detecting neutrinos by modifying a cryogenic gravity gradiometer
structure to be a neutrino detector.
detector was based on was not the weber Theory, but a neutrino
refraction theory" developed by Robert R. Lewis of the University
of Michigan-Ann Arbor. The Lewis theory predicts a very much
smaller effect than the Weber theory.
DI. Grossi was directed by his DARPA contract monitor, It. Col.
Lasche,
to redirect his experimental effort into a test of the
Weber Effect using a torsion balance detector supplied by Prof.
weber, a tritium source ot neutrinos supplied by los Alamos
National Lab (LANI), and a rotating table to rotate the source
›ast the torsion balance,
, The work was carried out from August
1988 to January 1989 and
is described in a two volume contract
report" dated 31 January 1989.
The torsion balance was mounted at a fixed location, close to the
edge of the 1 RPM rotating table.
on the edge of the table was
placed either a 100 kilocurie tritium filled container (the
• C-3

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2825, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
neutrino source) or a deuterium filled container (providing an
responded to the combination of gravity and neutrino forces from
the sources.
The experiment consisted of a comparison between the output of the
torsion balance, integrated each time for 168 hours (10,080
rotations of the 1 RPM table), first using the deuterium Illled
sphere and then using the tritium filled sphere.
There was a
difference between the integrated outputs.
This difference would
be consistent with a repulsive force which is present when the
tritium is used.
The intensity of this repulsive force was
approximately 10-11 N (1 microdyne). This repulsive force is an
order of magnitude smaller than the
attractive gravity force from
the 2,6 kg spherical containers, and compatible to the
observations that Prof. Weber had seen at the University of
Maryland in 1986 with his 3000 Ci source.
The experiment was repeated with a 1/4 inch lead shield wrapped
around the 8 inch diamater cylinder that houses the torsion
balance.
This time, there was no difference greater than random
noise between the two sets of data lone for the tritium source and
one for the deuterium source). This set of experiments would seem
to indicate that the Weber Effect is real, but is caused by
something that can be shielded by a quarter-inch of lead.
However, DI. Grossi considers this only a preliminary result, and
he emphasizes that no conclusions, either positive or negative,
should be drawn from these two preliminary sets of data.
the integrated signals are just barely above the remaining noise
(see Figs. 2.3-1, P. 72 and 2.3-3, P. 76 in the contract report?)
and the runs need to be repeated to be believed.
the second set of runs with the lead shield, the temperature
changed in the laboratory, and the period of oscillation of the
torsion balance changed significantly between the run with the
deuterium sphere and the tritium sphere (see Fig 2.3-2, p. 75 in
contract report?).
The data had to be "stretched" in time in
order to compare the curves, raising many questions about the
validity of the result..
There were no additional experiments done, not even a repeat of
the first two experiments.
This was primarily because funding had
run out, but in addition, a number of things needed to be fixed
before additional experiments could be attempted.
torsten balance had a very small damping factor about and a
period of 14 s, so it would still be swinging from the previous
impulse when the 1 RPM table brought the source around again one
minute later. It would be desirable to have the balance
critically damped.
second, the period of oscillation of Lhe
torsion balance changed by 5% when going from summer time (1988)
to winter time (1988/89) at LANL, so thermal insulation or thermal
control would be desired for the
torsion balance. This would also
C-4

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2600, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
improve the drift, which was significant over the course of the
168 hour experiments.
Third, with the gravity signal being much
larger than the neutrino signal, the neutrino signal was ditticult
to extract. By
adding 25 identical deuteriun filled spheres to
the table, the impulse caused by the gravitational attraction of
the tritiun source sphere
would be smoothed out into a constant
force, allowing the neutrino repulsive force to become 50 times
larger than the residual 1 RPM gravity force component rather than
10 times smaller.
There was one last experiment done, which has not yet been written
The following information is condensed from lengthy
conversations I had with both Prof. Weber and It. Col. George
Lasche. Since it is a recollection, there may be some errors.
Prof. Weber has invented a new type oi detector system. I'he
apparatus consists of two components, a chopper wheel to modulate
the flux of neutrinos and a resonant tuning fork detector tuned to
the neutrino modulation frequency.
The chopper wheel consists of
a metal wheel with six sapphire crystals mounted in holes near the
circumference.
The crystals are 1.5 in. (3.8 cm) in diameter and
2 in. (5 cm) long. The crystals are supposed to temporarily block
the neutrino flux, producing a modulated beam.
Ihe wheel is
rotated at 500 RPM, and with six crystals on the wheel, the
resulting modulation frequency is 50 Hz.
The detectoi groper is a
tuning fork with a sapphire crystal 1 in. (2.5 cm) in diameter and
2 in. (5 cm) long on one arm and an aluminum matching weight and a
piezoelectric crystal on the other. The resonant frequency of the
loaded tuning fork is 50 Hz. It has a l of 2000 (1/e ringdown
time of 13 s).
The modulated neutrino beam from the chopper would exert 50 Hz
forces on the sapphire crystal due to the weber Effect, and the
resonant tuning fork would respond by vibrating.
The
piezoelectric crystal converts the tuning fork vibrations into
electrical signals at 50 Hz, and these electrical signals are
amplified and detected by a phase sensitive synchronous detector.
radiation antennath and resonant go they gradiometer tat it al
relatively easy to achieve thermal noise limited detection
sensitivity in such room temperature resonant mechanical systems.
In November 1988, Prof. Weber took the chopper wheel and the
tuning fork detector apparatus to the 10-20 MW nuclear reactor at
When the chopper wheel was
operating properly and the phase on the single-channel lock-in
amplltier was properly adjusted, a very strong ("booming") signal
• was observed from the resonant tuning fork detector.
0=5

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2477, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Whem a blocking crystal of sapphire was interposed between the
chopper, and the detector the signal dropped. When a new crystal
of däfferent material than sapphire was interposed, the signal
dropped even more..
When the blocking crystals were placed in
front of the chopper, further from the tuning fork detector, the
signal was smaller, but still significant.
When a block of lead
or polyboron. (to absorb any neutrons) was imposed, there was no
decrease in the signal level.
Iwenty-seven sets of data (14 pairs, blocked and unblocked, each
ten minutes long) were laken.
were analyzed blind by Lt.
Cal. Lasche using a Student's I test.
A definite signal was
found,, with a probability of error less tuan 1% when sapphire was
used as the blocking crystal,, and with negligible probability of
error with. the much larger signal obtained when the new crystal
was used to block the neutrinos.
Ihese experiments showed that
the Weber Effect is. real and easy to see using a chopping wheel
and: a resonant. detector. The experiments using the lead and
polyboron. showed it is probably not due to X-rays or neutrons.
The nature of the, new crystal with better scattering properties
than sapphire is proprietary to Professor Weber.
The present plans for experimental work in the near future involve
two efforts, both, funded: by DARPA.
The first one, to start in May
oi June 1989, Will involve an effort by Prof. Weber to construct
an invioved version of the chopper wheel and detector using the
newi crystals..
The improved equipment will be tested on the
neutrinos from the reactor at NBS, Gaithersburg.
(depending; upon how fast the contract mill grinds) will be a
continuation of the effort by Mario Grossi of SAO and others to
measure., at LANI,, the effect of the neutrinos from a 100 kilocurie
tritium, source on the Weber torsion balance apparatus. Professor
Weber has improved the damping in the torsion balance so that it
is nearly critically damped. The table will have 26 replicas of
the tritiun source so that the Newtonian gravitational field
attraction contribution of the tritiun source will be smuothed
The Weber Scattering Center Coherence Theory
Weber has published?- a theoretical explanation of the high
high vaiue to a coherent interaction of the scattering centers
(Which are the nuclei of the atoms in the crystal), which causes
the cross section to increase by the square of the number of
scattering centers. The Weber coherence is due to interactions of
С-б

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 2866, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
the nuclei with each other through the elastic fields in the
crystal and has nothing to do with the "wavelength" of the
neutrino. It is essentially the same type of "coherence" between
nuclei in a crystal that is used to explain the Mossbauer effect,
but in reverse.
For a small crystal, the number of scattering
nucici is of the order of 1022, so the coherence effect increases
the scattering cross section by a factor of 109.
when this
enhancement factor is multiplied by the typical neutrino
scattering cross section for a single nucleus of 10-44 cm, the
scattering cross section for the whole crystal is near the
pl, ›ical cross section for the crystal.
Many papers have been writtento-18 proving that weber's theory is
weber, of course, does not agree with them.
Arguments
have been made that similar anomalously high scattering cross
sections should have been observed in X-ray or neutron scattering
from crystals.
The interactions of these other particles through
electromagnetic forces and strong nuclear forces may be different
than the interaction of neutrinos through the weak nuclear force.
Also, an essential condition for the coherence mechanism is that
the crystal be nearly perfect, with an extremely low dislocation
density.
If the scattering centers are not all strongly coupled
together by the crystal fields, then the coherence effect does not
take place. A crystal with many dislocations could be considered
as 10 separate crystals, and since the coherence effect goes as
the square of the number of scattering centers in each crystal,
the
total cross section of 10 crystals is 1/10 the total cross
secticn of one crystal of the same mass.- Weber uses
semiconductor-grade sapphire crystals with very low dislocation
densities.
The new crystals he has discovered have near zero
dislocations.
It is very doubtful that the crystals used in past
X-ray and neutron scattering experiments were of this quality.
The Scattering Process
The scattering process that occurs in the Weber Theory of
Scattering Center Coherence is difficult to visualize. It is not
Iike the reilertion of light by a mirror, it 1s not like the
refraction of light by a dielectric, it is not Iike the absorption
of light by a black surface, and it is not like the scattering of
X-rays by a crystal. It is
a volumetric scattering of high
efficiency, low angle, and minimal absorption, somewhat like the
scattering of neutrons
by a moderator, except
that in the process
of the scattering of a
neutron oil the moderator atoms, the
neutron energy is changed.
According to Weber, because the calculated cross sections given by
the theory exceed the piysical size of the crystal area, the
probability uf scattering is so high that all the neutrinos have
scattered at least once by the time they have passed through a
thin surface layer of the crystal. Yet, according to another
C-7

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2854, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
statement by Weber"
, "the exponential factor [in the theoretical
equation]
implies that the scattering is in a narrow cone in the
forward direction.
Thus the MeV antineutrinos Litom the nuclear
reactor], while multiply scattered, continue to move mainly in the
forward direction."
I have found the following visualization of the scattering process
helpful. Imagine a person trying to build an iustrument to detect
the light pressure of the photons coming from the sun using only
transparent dielectrics.
He has no conducting materials to make
mirrors or absorbers.
He needs something to convert the light
photons into mechanical motion.
Unfortunately, the light photons
pass right through the transparent materials in nis instrument
without producing any net light pressure.
If, however, he makes a
disc of transparent material with lots of tiny transparent bubbles
in it, it will become translucent (milky or opalescent or frosty
looking). None of the photons entering the face of the
translucent disc will be absorbed or changed in energy. They
with, however, scatter many times and eventually scatter out of
the disk, usually in a different direction than they entered.
The disc would seem to glow.
If the disc is thin, the forward
scattering would be strong and
the sun could still be seen when
viewed through the disc, although it would be surrounded by a halo
of scattered light.
the disc were made thicker and thicker,
the number of scatterings for each photon would increase, and soon
the sun would no longer be visible, except perhaps as a "hot" spot
in the uniformly glowing disc.
mi ray in ali atrociona the the noming protons e2a a a
Since the incoming photons all came
from one direction (the Sun), they have a net
momentum that is
applied to the disc upon entry, producing a light pressure force.
However, since the exiting photons are emitted omnidirectionally,
their averaged force on the crystal is zero.
The net result is a
light pressure force that is equivalent to the light pressure
force that would be obtained if the photons were absorbed.
The number of emitted photons from the translucent disc is equal
to the number that entered the disc, which is the area of the disk
times the flux of photons from the Sun.
The flux of the emitted
photons at sume distance R from the disc is then just the number
of emitted photons, divided by the area of a sphere of radius R.
This emitted flux drops off rapidly witn distance, being roughly
1/4T =8% of the initial solar photon flux when the measurement
distance is equal to the radius of the disc, and 2% when the
measurement distance is equal to the diameter of the disc.
In
effect, the translucent disc has "blocked" the solar photon flux.
Assuming the Webei Scattering Center Coherence Theory is correct,
a similar effect should occur with neutrinos encountering a
periect crystal.
C-8

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1750, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
•
Discussion
It is a canonical belief in physics that a neutrino can pass
through thousands of lightyears of lead belore scattering; thus
these reported experimental cross sections are "impossible,"
according to conventional neutrino scattering theory.
As a
result, experimentalists have reject 1 Weber's results out of hand
and no one has attempted to repeat tne experiments.
Some people
have proposed a repeat of the experiments to various funding
age finding agency program manage send the enon of neen
detector scientists.
I think the many experiments done by weber, especially the two
recent experiments involving other people,
show that given a
strong enough source and a sensitive enough detector, that the
Weber
Effect exists. They have shown that a properly designed
mechanical sensor can detect a nuclear reactor or the tritium in a
warhead at a short distance.
This is significant, since improved
sensors can detect these sources at interesting distances.
What the Weber Effect is caused by is not known.
The experiment
with the 0.6 cm lead
shield raises some questions that it might be
X-rays from the tritium beta particles striking the wall of the
sphere,
but the estimated 0.5 to 1.0 am thick steel wall of the
sphere should have stopped the X-rays already.
The Weber Effect
needs further investigation.
One way to proceed is to make a
chopper wheel, a resonant detector, a blocking crystal, various
shields for other particles, and repeat the experiments.
Expected Force
The force to be expected from the neutrinos interacting with the
crystal cannot exceed the force that would result from the
crystal steross section a peter of energy B incident on a
F = SAE/c
the flux at a distance of 0.15 m is S=1.2x1026 neutrinos/som?. I
C-9

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2094, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
would estimate the average energy of a tritium neutrino would be
ialf the decay energy or E=18.6 keV/2=1.5x10~1*
J: If the
liameter oi the crystal is 0.05 m (2 inches), the cross-sectiona.
area is A=0.002 må, and the
maximum force available would be
E=1.2x10-10
N=1. 2x10-5 dyne.
A single fission in nuclear reactor produces about 6 neutrinos
cariying a
total of 12 MeV in energy while releasing about 200 Mev
or 3.2x10-11 J Of energy
as heat.
For the nominal power level of
a commercial reactor of 250 MN, there are 7.8x1028 fissions per
second and 4.7x1029
neutrinos/s. At a distance of 100 m from the
nuclear reactor core, the flux is S=3.7x1014 neutrinos/s-m?.
The
average
energy of the fission neutrinos is E=12 MeV/6=2 MeV or
3.2x10-13 J.
For a detecting crystal of area A=0.002 m? the
maximum available force is F=8x10-10 N=8x10-5 dynes.
The Sun is estimated to produce a solar neutrino flux at the Earth
of S=6x101% neutrinos/s'm?.
The average energy is estimated to be
about E=215 keV=3.4x10-25 J.
Using a crystal with the same cross
sectional area of A=0.002 m° gives a maximum available force of
F=1,4x10-10 N=1.4x10-5 dynes.
thus, all presently avar able neutrino sources can give up tc
L0.-10 N of force or more. More realistically, the actual force
exerted on the crystals would be some small fraction of this, so
it would be desireable to have a detector system that could
measure 1% of this maximum force level, oI 10-22 N.
Detection
resonant mechanical structures 11ke the gravity gradiometer used
by Grossi of SAO and Raytheon, the rotating gravity gradiometer
(RGG.) developed by Eorward?,
and the weber tuning fork, have a
farce sensitivity limited by thermal noise of the instrument that
is given. (within small factors of order unity) by:
F== (2KIN/tt1) 2/2
where K=1.38x10 " J/K is Boltzmann's constant, I is the effective
suerate to his ee indone tire he stinture with
structure,
It we assume typical parameters of t=10 s, m=0.i kg, 1=300 K, tren
che thermally limited force sensitivity of a resonant mechanical
structure as a function of integration time ta is:
C-10
-

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2639, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
!
Ex= (9x10-12 N)/t.712
integration times of a few seconds to a few minutes is
sufficient to detect force levels that are 1% of the maximum force
levels from any of the sources discussed previously. Improved
sensors can detect the same sources with shorter integration times
or at longer range..
one obvious method for improvement, and the route taken by the
SAO/Raytheon effort, is to cryogenically cool the instrument to
liquid helium temperatures. At 4 K instead of 300 K, there is an
improvement of 75 in temperature and 8.7 in force sensitivity.
The dach a last resoping with cryogenic problems makes this
approach a last resort.
A less obvious method for improvement is to decrease the mass of
the sensing portion of the structure while increasing the neutrino
capture cross-sectional area.
The choice of an area for the
crystal of 0.002 m? (2 inch diameter) and a mass of 0.1 kg (100
grams or 3.5 oz) for the crystal gives a thickness for the crystal
of 2 cm.
It can be made somewhat thinner (maybe a factor of 4 to
0.5 cm) without probably becoming too transparent to neutrinos.
This factor can either be used to decrease the mass (although we
soon run into the mass limits imposed by the structure needed in
the detector to hold the crystal in place), or can be used to
increase the area of the crystal and increase the signal level.
A simpler approach, and the first one to try, would be to increase
the ring-down time of the instrument (effectively increasing the
Internal signal integration time), or to use a technique cadied
"electronic cooling"s
, where the ring-down time is lowered Irom a
high value while simultaneously lowing the "effective" temperature
of the structure.
Both depend upon obtaining a high I factor in
the mechanical structure.
This is possible to do, but is a non-
trivial engineering problem.
Exporimental Verification of the weber Effect by AL
Prof. Weber and It. Col. Lasche have seen a "booming" signal when
a rotating crystal chopper wheel was used to convert the steady
flux of antineutrinos from a nuclear reactor into a modulated flux
that was detected by another crystal on a tuning fork. This type
of instrumentation is relatively straightforward to construct and
operate.
If the Astronautics Laboratory were interested It
independently attempting an experimental verification of the Weber
Effect, they could procure a chopping system, resonant detector,
and blocking crystals and carry out their own experiments, using
as neutrino sources either the Sun or the 430 MW San Onofre
nuclear power plant at San Clemente [the signal may even be
observable from the Pacific Coast Highway].
C-11
:

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2588, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One small
business contractor with significant relevant experience
in designing and building high sensitivity resonant mechanical
SensOIS y
who is ready to begin immediately on the design,
fabrication, and delivery of such a system, is Mr. R. O. Newlon,
Product Development Tech. Corp., P.O. Box 620934, Littleton, CO
80162 USA (303)880-3768.
Verification of the Weber Scattering Center Coherence Theory
Verification of Weber's theory is more difficult that the
verification of the experimental Weber Effect.
Assuming that the
weber Eftect is found to persist, and testing with shields of
Lead, boron,
and other materials have shown conclusively that the
effect is not caused by any other particle than the neutrino, then
the various parameters of the Weber Scattering Center Coherence
Theory need to be varied in the experiments to determine if the
ne it the
signal strength observed varies with the parameters in the same
manner that the theory predicts.
The N° parameter (where N is the number of scattering centers in
the crystal) is the most sensitive and important parameter in the
theory:
The other theorists predict an incoherent scattering that
goes as N, while Weber predicts a coherent scattering that goes as
N?. The large crystals presently being used in the experiments
are too large to study this parameter, since multiple scattering
is taking place in a thin layer near the entry surface.
Thin
perfect crystals with identical area, but varying thicknesses and
varying N would allow this parameter to be varied. The equivalent
amount of identical material, but in a glassy, polycrystalline, or
amorphous state, should be used to back up the perfect crystal
that the mass and total number of atoms in the detecting apparatus
stays the same, only the number N of "coherently communicating"
crystalline atoms is varied.
An alternate approach to determine the variation in signal
strength with N is to make a measurement with a thin perfect
crystal, cleave the crystal into n pieces and reinsert them into
the detector. If the scattering goes as N° (where N is the number
of atoms that can coherently interact with each other through a
cross section of n(N/n)==NZ/n.
An additional alternate approach is to use crystals with varying
amounts of imperfections.
This would involve measuring the
dislocation density in each crystal and correlating the signal
level with the number of dislocations.
dislocation densities is a standard process in the semiconductor
naustry and can usually be obtained by requesting the measuremen'
luring the ordering process for the crystals.
C-12
•

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2978, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another parameter in the theory is the energy of the neutrinos.
This parameter can be varied somewhat by using different sources.
A tritium or other beta emitter neutrino source emits neutrinos
with energies in the tens of keV, while for the Sun it is' 100s of
kev, and for a nuclear reactor it is 1000s of kev.
It is
conceivable that perfect crystals of varying materials and varying
thicknesses could be used as "filters" to scatter the low energy
neutrinos out of a beam, leaving only the higher energy neutrinos.
A series of such filters with proper variations in conposition,
thickness, and spacing would extract out the low energy neutrinos
left in the beam and
successive filter (after the first) would then be a weak, but
nearly monochromatic source of neutrinos.
BETRE
Another parameter in the theory is the composition of the crystal.
This could be varied by obtaining crystals of identical area,
identical crystal perfection, and identical number of coherent
scatters N,
but with different atomic nuclei and different
thickness
(to maintain constant N if the density is significantly
different). Some examples that might be obtainable as nearly
perfect crystals (since they are semiconductor materials) are:
silicon carbide, aluminum oxide, germanium, diamond, silicon,
gallium arsenide, and indiun phosphide.
Another parameter in the theory is the Debye temperature of the
material.
This is gives an indication of the inherent stiffness
of the material.
The Debye temperature of some typical materials
are: diamond 2240 K, graphite 420 K, aluminum oxide (sapphire)
1000 K, silicon 645 K, germanium 374 K, and gallium arsenide
Since both diamond and graphite have the same composition
(carbon), but significantly different Debye temperatures,
measurements on perfect crystals of similar mass of the two
materials would allow the stiffness parameter to be studied
independent of composition.
To study many of the various parameters in detail in order to
verify the Weber Scattering Center Coherence Theory, it would be
desirable if the same apparatus were used for every measurement,
varying only the crystals. It would also be advisable that the
crystals be substituted in a "double-blind" fashion, where no one
knows which crystal is which until after all the data has been
reduced.
one way to accomplish this is to design the experimental
apparatus so that all the crystals have the same external
appearance, shape,
size, mass, and mounting points.
These could
include the crystals in
the chopper as well as the detectos on
could include the blocking crystals and the filter crystals
physically possible.
One recommended approach is to design a
standard "crystal can" of non-crystalline non-magnetic opaque
material such as aluminum, with a standard size and standard
mounting tabs.
A typical size for the can could be 2 inches
(5 cm) on the inside diameter and 1 inches (2.5 cm) deep, with an
estimated total Ioaded mass of 150 gm. The crystal can would have
C-13

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2616, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one face of the can designated the "front" or "entrance" face
where the neutrinos first enter.
The front of the can would be
filled with the crystals to be studied, and the remainder of the
can would be filled with spacers of plastic or dense glass or
amorphous non-magnetic metal so that the total mass of each filled
can is identical. The cans would then be sealed and marked with a
randomly assigned code number that would be used to identify the
contents only after the data had been taken and reduced.
Recommendations
'Not knowing the "charter" of the newly reorganized Astronautics
Laboratory, it is difficult to make strong recommendations
concerning further effort on the Weber Effect, so I won't.
some oi the long term possibilities outlined below fall into the
categories that are of interest to the Astronautics Laboratory,
then
I recommend that you consider having a neutrino modulator and
detector built, and carry out your own experiments using the sun
or a nearby power reactor to verify for yourselves the reality of
the Weber Effect. Once the Weber Effect has been verified, then
you can decide on the direction of your future research on
the
Since I am a former student of Weber, anything I say about the
verification or non-verification of the Weber Effect would be
looked upon with suspicion.
Therefore, I should not be involved
in the verification experiments except perhaps as a consultant on
the fabrication and testing of the neutrino detector, since a
resonant detector would be very similar to the rotating resonant
gravity gradiometer structures I developed in the 1970s.
If the weber Effect turns out to be real, and is found to be due
to neutrinos, then it should be possible
to develop a series of
more and more sensitive neutrino detectors. In addition, by using
the scattering crystals as neutrino collectors, collimators,
filters,
the neutrinos from nuclear reactors
even sealed canisters of radioactive waste), could be turned into
powerful directional monochromatic modulated beams of neutrinos.
These could have many applications, some of which might be
Ielevant to future Air Force interests.
First generation versions of the neutrino detectors can sense
nuclear reactors, including the reactors in nuclear submarines, at
many kilometers.
Mole sensitive second generation neutrinc
detectors can sense nucleat warheads or any radioactive
fissionable material at some yet uncalculated distance.
Snields oi crystais around our military sources Of neutrinos could
direct the neutrinos away in a safe direction and prevent our
nuclear submarines or warheads from being detected.
C-14

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 2025, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Beams of neutrinos could be formed by collecting the neutrinos
from a source by surrounding the source with crystals and then
sending them out through a collimating hole in the desired
direction.
The beams could be modulated at MHz to GHz rates with
crystals that are acoustically distorted into temporary
crystalline imperfection. With these sources, line-of-sight
communication systems using neutrinos become possible, even though
the line-of-sight path is blocked by the earth or ocean.
Navigation using the neutrinos from the sun, even when the Sun is
on the opposite side of the Earth, is a possibility, but
realistically there are better ways to navigate.
If the Weber Effect is found to apply to photons and other
particles, then all methods of long range sensing and
communication need to be reevaluated.
Unfortunately, the Weber Effect cannot be used for propulsion,
except perhaps to get the last DIt oI pusn out oi a nuclear rocket
or an antimatter rocket by directing the neutrinos from the
secondary reactions rearward to provide extra thrust.
References
1 J. Weber, "Method for observation of neutrinos and
antineutrinos," Physical Review C31, 1468-1475 (April 1985).
J. Weber, "Gravitons, neutrinos and antineutrinos," Foundations
of Physics 14, 1185-1209 (December 1984).
antineutrinos by nucleon scattering in a crystal", preprint,
Aspen Center for Physics, Aspen CO (June 1985).
• J. Weber, "Apparent observation of abnormally large coherent
scattering cross sections using kev and Mev range antineutrinos,
and solar neutrinos", Physical Review D38, 32-39 (1 July 1988).
" J. Weber, "Coherent scattering of light by crystals,"
AFOSR-TR-86-0239, Final report on Contract AFOSR-82-0164 (30 March
1985).
• Mario D. Grossi, Principal Investigator, Investigation of
Techniques for the Measurement of the Mechanical Effects of Low-
Intensity Electromagnetic Waves and Corpuscular Radiation, 31
March 1982, Final Report on NASA-CORE Grant-NSG-7176, Smithsonian
Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, MA 02138.
C-15

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1669, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Mario D. Grossi, Principal Investigator, Experimental Testing
of Corpuscular Radiation Detectors, CN-RA-0063, 31 January 1989,
Final Report on Contract F49620-87-C-0050, DARPA Order No. 5721,
Raytheon Company, Submarine Signal Division, Portsmouth, Rhode
Islana 02871, Vol. I ana IL.
Robert R. Lewis, "Radiation pressure of neutrinos in refracting
media", Physical Review D35, 2134-2141 (1 April 1987).
• Robert I. Forward, "Electronic cooling of resonant gravity
gradiometers", Journal of Applied Physics 50, 1-6 (January 1979).
10 G.F. Bertsch and Sam M. Austin, "Comment on "Method for
observation of neutrinos
and antineutrinos, '" Physical Review C34,
361 (July 1986).
17 I.H. Ho, Physics Letters 168B, 295 (1986).
12 R. Casella, Nuovo Cimento 94A, 42 (1986).
13 M.N. Butler, "Comment on 'Method for observation of neutrinos
and antineutrinos", Unpublished preprint, W.K. Kellogg Radiation
Lab, Calit. Inst.
Technology, Pasadena, CA 91125 (undated but
probably July 1986).
14 H.J. Lipkin, "N dependence of coherent radiation from
crystals", Physical Review Letters 58, 1176-1179 (23 March 1987)..
15 Y. Aharonov, F.I. Avignone, III, A. Casher, and S. Nussinov,
"Constraints on anomalous scattering of neutrinos from crystals,"
Physical Review Ietters 58, 1173-1175 (23 March 1987).
16 P.F. Smith, "The conventional limits for coherent neutrino
17 G.I. Trammell and J.P. Hannon, Physical Review Letters 61, 653
(1988).
1 Robert R. Lewis, "On the scattering of X-rays and neutrinos in
• Grossi, Principal Investigator
Final Report on Contract F49620-87-C-0050, DARPA order No. 5721
Raytheon Company, Submarine Signal Division, Portsmouth, Rhode
Island 02871.
C-16

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 994, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
• I
APPENDIX D
2020 A.D. TECHNOLOGIES FOR AFAL
DI. Robert I. Forward
Space Iransportation
Rocketless ways to get to LEO
Guns - electromagnetic, Hertzberg ram accelerato
Pellet supported tall towers
-
Hypersonic airbreathing orbiters
Rocketless ways to change orbital parameters
Sails
solar pushed
Laser pushed
Atmospheric drag
Tethers
Electrodynamic
Io and from heavy platforms
Momentum transfer to rotating tether "momentum banks"
Microwave power to microwave plasma thrusters
Laser - thermal, sail, and electric
pellet stream
Solar Thermal
Non-orbital dynamics (multiple body with non-gravity forces)
Bouncing orbits with separating double-spacecraft
"Juggler" orbits with multiple tether "jugglers"
Zero delta vee transfers to lunar capture (JPI did already)
'ransfer of momentum to tether momentum banks
'ether mediated multiple spacecraft interaction
Asteroid sampiing
Gossamer Spacecraft (strings, nets, sails, balloons)
Design and Develop
Inique missions (see JPL and FUn reports)
D-1

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 1021, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Space Bases
Base Defenses
Habitats (military unique)
Lunar
orbital
•
Space Power
Solar Power
Lightweight collectors
Inflatable
Unrollable parabolic concentrators (see Cal Space)
Multilayer solar cells (30-50% eff.)
Brayton and other thermal cycles
Antimatter Power
Feasibility of antiproton factory at Edwards
Space qualified antimatter containers
Non-propulsion applications of antimatter
Design of antimatter powered power system
Thermal Augenstein reactor - Brayton cycle
contained plasma MHD generator
Coherent microwave, IR, or laser light
Rectify to de (20 to 60% eft.)
Parametric conversion to ac (90%+ eff. poss.)
Pellets (with or without return)
Ionospheric Laser Power (See Rasor Assoc.)
Space Resources
Lunar Resources
Heliun three mining
Manned, teleoperated, or robotic?
Asteroid Resources
Find - add to modest university telescope searches
Identify - correlate ext. observables with internal comp.
Gather -
rockets, mass drivers, sails and nets?
Process - solar, nuclear, grind to dust and siever
D-2
-
-

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1309, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
space Operations
Space Debris
Studies of seriousness to military missions
Moderate risk military missions vs. zero risk NASA
Effectiveness of standoff armor
Vodeling of future growth and mix
Methods for control or removal
Dumb Area Sweepers - nets, sails, dust clouds, ?
Active laser or pellet vaporizers
Active "trash trucks" - ion drive or sails
Unmanned Operations
Robotics
Autonomous construction of simple structures
Telecontrolled artificially intelligent robots
Autonomous AI robots
Teleoperations
LEO (almost instantaneous)
GEO (0.25 sec delay)
Lunat (2 sec delay)
Asteroids (many minutes delay)
Spacesuits (novel-military unique)
Skintights with helmets
Cans with arms
One person deorbitable emergency rescue suit
Sensors (unique military)
High res radar/IR/optical speckle interferometer arrays
Neutrino detectors for nuclear materials
High Temperature Superconductors
Develop novel applications
Design we ratterarent operating temps
Space Coatings (military unique)
Teema proof
Self-sealing
Autonomous Navigation
Gravity gradient on non-spherical body
Pulsar triangulation
pace Risk Analysis and Policy (military uniquel
Don'l let NASA no-risk policy åominate military needs.
(Launch Discovery right after Columbia explosion, with military
crew, if payload is important to military needs.)
D-3
:

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2383, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
•
APPENDIX E
FUTURE BONUSES FROM OUR SPACE INVESIMENT
DI. Robert I. Forward
Submitted to National Space Council 4 March 1990
INTRODUCTION
The two primary reasons for the United States of America to go
into space are: to expand our basic knowledge about the solar
the universe we live in, and to develop the technology
that we will need in the future to utilize the known resources in
Those reasons alone are enough to justify our investment
in space, for over the succeeding decades and centuries after that
investment has been made, the United States will reap benefits
from that basic knowledge and those known resources to pay back
the cost of the initial investinent many times over.
In addition
to those known benefits, it is possible there could be future
bonuses from space that we cannot now predict with certainty.
Some of those future bonuses from our space investment are:
SOLAR STORM FORECASTING
A few times a year the Sun produces a v.Jlent explosion on its
surface called a solar flare.
Charged particles spurt from the
Elare out through the solar system.
If the Earth is in the way,
those charged particles spiral down the Earth's magnetic field
lines and cause the aurora seen near the polar regions. In the
past, the worst thing that happened was that short wave radio
communication was cut off.
The sun is becoming more active and
the Earth's magnetic field is slowly becoming weaker, allowing the
charged particles to penetrate deeper and to lower latitudes.
the modern world, the
survival of many of the world's businesses
depends upon long distance radio communication through satellites,
which can be damaged by those charged particles. More and more
humans are flying high in the air over the polar regions in both
subsonic and supersonic aircraft.
somerime in the tuture, It 15
possible a severe solar storm could give a serious radiation dose
co a planeload oi passengers.
our scientific investment in space
Will inciude setting up satellites to monitor the activities or
the sun, including solar flares.
Our technological investment in
space will produce lightweight solar sails that can "hover" close
to the sun, including "polesitter" spacecraft that sit over the
poles of the sun.
With this investment in space in place, we will
be able to forecast the severity and direction of the solar flares
and warn those on Earth to take proper precautions.
E-1

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2688, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WEATHER MONITORING
The weather affects us all, from our personal inconvenience in
rain or snow, to farmers whose decisions concerning irrigating
cIOpS
or not
can change a profitable year into a bad yeat, to
commodity markets, to watershed managers, to air tratilo
controllers.
The
present weather satellites in the equatorial
geostationary orbit have been of great help, but they cannot do a
good job of monitoring the weather on the dark side of the earth,
or in the polar regions, where all the weather starts. Once we
have
made our science investment in space on instruments that use
special bands in the infrared and microwaves to monitor the ocean
surfaces and clouds, then we can produce good weather maps in the
dark.
And once we have made our technological investment in space
these solar sails can be used to
levitate a weather satellite so it will continuously "hover" over
the north or south pole of the Earth, monitoring the weather all
around the polar regions at the same
time. These "polesitter"
spacecraft can also continuously monitor the ozone layer, which is
of present concern to us all.
WEATHER MODIFICATION
Bad weather can cause serious damage.
Hurricanes devastate
islands and shorelines, jet stream changes cause floods oI
drought, changes in the composition of the atmosphere, especially
increases in carbon dioxide and water vapor, can cause permanent
global climate changes.
A few decades ago,
scientists were
worried about a new "ice age", while today the concern is
"greenhouse warming". Even a small storm contains large amounts
of energy, mole energy than the human race could apply to that
To modify the weather will require that we control large
amounts of energy and apply it properly.
Once we have made our
scientific investment in space on gathering giobal information
about the weather, we may find "weak points" in weather formation
where the proper application of energy will change the weather
more to our liking.
And once we have made our technological
investment in space on building large lightweight structures in
space out of space materials from the moon and asteroids, we can
buila giant mirrors,
to collect the ever present flood of sunlight
in space and apply it to those
weak points in the weather
formations. Weather modification will not come soon, but one of
these days, sunlight from the sky may dissipate hurricanes, dry UF
floods, and reorient the jet stream.
If greenhouse warming
becomes
a problem, a large "parasol" in space between the Earth
and the sun can block a smali percentage oi the sun ignt. It a
new ice age thieatens, a large mirror hovering in the sunlight
high over the dark side of earth could provide heating.
E-2

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2575, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENERGY WITHOUT POLLUTION
A modern society needs energy. Yes... we can do a lot more to
conserve energy, but there is an ultimate limit to that process.
In the future we must have new sources of energy... new power
plants.
But what kind?
Coal, oil, shale, peat, biomass, and
other chemical combustion power plants produce pollution,
especially carbon dioxide,
a greenhouse gas.
Nuckear and fusion
power plants produce long-lived radioactive byproducts. Solar
energy is a good answer, but each solar power plant on earth will
use up many square miles of valuable land and many tons of metals
and other minerals.
Once we have made the technological
the bounteous supply of solar energy flowing through space, and
send the energy down to Earth.
The ultimate goal would be to
bring the energy down as concentrated fuel, like antimatter, or
some other high energy density material. Perhaps it will be sent
down on a high power superconducting transmission line that
reaches from space to the ground. Until those technologies are
developed, however, the power can be beamed down by lasers or
microwaves. Ihe beams will be directed at collectors in deserts
and ice caps, where the electrical energy would be distributed
using lossless high-temperature superconductors. As each new
space power plant starts up, another Earth power plant can be
closed down.
FREE FALIA MEDICINE
We are only beginning to understand space medicine since all of
our experience to date has been on remarkably healthy specimens of
humanity.
We don't know whether free fall medicine will be used
only to
keep astronauts healthy, or whether it can be a new form
of medicine.
There are some obvious examples where it would seem
that free fall medicine would pay off immediately.
Burn patients
nould suffer less if they didn't have to lie on their Earth-bound
bed of pain.
Multiple fractures would heal faster if they weren't
being disturbed by gravitational forces acting on the damaged
Miscarriages may be less frequent if the mother's womb is
not fighting gravity all the time.
There may be other medical
problems that would be helped by keeping the patient in free fall
during the treatment program. Once we have made our science
nvestment in space on space medicine, we will know what patients
an be helped by free-fal and.low-gravitr
environments.
And once
we have made the technological investment in space on reliable,
low-acceleration methods of transporting fragile payloads into
space, we can take seriously ill patients to orbiting variable-
gravity hospitals where they can be made well again.
E-3

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2529, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONSERVING EARTH'S MINERAL RESOURCES
one of our major problems today is that a modern civilization
• needs buildings and machines.
To make those buildings and
machines requires lots of raw materials.
To get those raw
materials we gouge the ores out of the Earth, leaving terrible
Iooking scars and mounds of ugly tailings.
Once we have made our
echnological investment in space on extraterrestrial resource
"tilization we can mine the minerals we need from the asteroids,
moons, and other airless bodies.
Rotating tethers, solar powered
mass launchers, and solar
sails can move the minerals throughout
the solar system.
We won't need to use Earth resources to built
our space infrastructure.
We can even use rotating tethers or
aerobraking to drop down refined chunks of hard-to-find oI
difficult-to-recycle minerals to the Earth's surface.
Earth will
no longer be an exploited slag heap, but a green park for mankind.
ASTEROID IMPACT WARNING AND DEFLECIION
Nearly one hundred years ago, in 1908, a modest snowball of a
burnt out comet fell on Tunguska, Russia. It created an explosion
equivalent to a 10 megaton air burst. The explosion flattened the
forests over an area of one thousand square miles.
Fortunately,
no one was hurt, because no one lived there. If a similar comet
struck today (or sometime in the next hundred years), the world
would not be so fortunate. No one saw the comet coming, it was
too small and was hidden in the glare of the sun. Even with all
the comet watchers now active today, it is likely a similar sized
comet head would be missed today.
Even if the comet was detected,
we could do nothing about it except try to evacuate the impact
area. Larger bodies could cause more damage... perhaps èven
wiping out all the larger species uf life, including us.
Fortunately, the large events are very rare, but we can expect the
small ones every few decades.
Oi. s we have
made our science
investment in space on orbiting telescopes and astronomical bases
on the back side of the Moon,
and once we have made our
technological investment in new forms of space propulsion, such as
nuclear rockets and electric propulsion, we can detect those
incoming asteroids and get out there in time to cause a smal.
deflection of those multiton bodies.
It done soon enough, just
tiny deflection is sufficient to make the comet head miss the
earth, skim the outer atmosphere, and sail back out into space.
What could have been a major disaster would have been turned into
an impromptu fireworks
• display in the skies.
E-4

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2364, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GUARDIAN SECRETARY
Everyone, especially in their vulnerable developing years, needs a
guardian angel.
Every grownup could use a personal secretary.
Once we have made the necessary technological investment in space
on high power, high sensitivity communication satellites, then
everyone can have a "guardian secretary".
To achieve this will
require more than just communication satellites in the equatorial
geostationary orbit.
They are too easily blocked by buildings or
bad location.
It will require new space propulsion technigues
like liaht-levitated solar sail conmunication satellites hoverin
at hundreds of positions all around the globe. Enough so that at
least one comsat will be visible between the trees or through a
What is now your wristwatch would become your guardian
secretary, able to call anyone in the world with a single jump up
to the space communication net, able to access any data source
connected to that net, able to
tell you which direction you are
traveling, and where you are within less than the width of a
freeway lane, and where you need to go. If your boss is looking
for you because there is a new business contact to be followed up,
he can find you. If you don't want to be found, turn your
guardian secretary off. If you are 7 years old, lost in a woods,
and it's getting dark, don't worry... your guardian angel will
• tell the police and your parents where you are.
If those rough
looking people following you are not those you wish to meet in
person, punch 911. You are never alone if you have your guardian
secretary.
SPACING TOXIC WASTE
The chemical factories and nuclear facilities that are part of
making modern life possible produce toxic wastes. Some of the
wastes can be used or processed into innocuous forms, but others
are too difficult or expensive to deal with, and must be disposed
of or stored somewhere. It has been suggested that toxic wastes
could be disposed of in space, either dropped into the sun or
present ta on ongon is not see only praded because
chemical rockets are too fail-prone.
once we have made the
technological investment in space on low-risk, nigh-reliability,
low-cost, Earth-to-space transportation systems, this option for
toxic wastes can be reconsidered.
We can stop using the Earth as
a dumping ground and put those toxic wastes far away from humans
where they will cause no harm.
E-5

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 2959, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I SUPERSAVER SPACE HOLIDAYS
Nearly everybody would like to visit space... especially if there
were a hotel at the other end with
zero-gee swimming pools,
quarter-gee barrooms,
and one gee workout rooms.
They would also
Like holidays at hotels on Luna and Mars.
The only problem is
that the "airfare" is a bit steep.
The reason that it costs a lot
of money to go into space is that we use rockets.
Rockets not
only require a lot of fuel, but since they must carry all that
fuel with them, the rockets have to be of lightweight
construction, which makes them delicate, which in turn requires
large ground
crews to coddle them during takeoff and landing.
solar sails and rotating tethers are propulsion systems that don't
use Iuel. It wili cost money to set them up, but once they are
operating, they can be used again and again at no cost in energy
or reaction mass. Once we make the technological investment in
space on rotating tethers around the Earth, moon, Mais and other
planetoids, we will have "elevators" that can pick up and deposit
payloads from near space to any planetoid. Once we have made the
technological investment in space on solar sails, we can travel
rapidly between the planets in the solar system.
No fuel needed,
so no fuel cost. Travel into space will never be cheap,
but those
who can afford a trip to Australia today will be able to afford a
trip to Perpetual Sunrise Hotel in Iow Earth orbit tomorrow.
those that can afford an "Around-The-World" cruise today, can
And
afforà a cruise around the solar system tomorIow.
ANOTHER FORM OF LIFE
There is only one form of life on Earth. From the simplest virus
to the most complex mammal, all life on Earth uses the same
genetic code, indicating that we all originated from the same
primordial self-replicating organism. Because we know of only one
form of life, our knowledge of biology and medicine is extremely
Limited.
our knowledge is so limited, that we don't even know how
limited it is.
Once we have made our
science investment in space
by looking for life forms on all of the planets and moons of the
solar system, then we will either have found evidence for life, or
not. Either
result 1s significant.
It may be that we find
evidence of another form of life, either as fossils on Mars,
primitive plankton in the waters under the frozen oceans of
Callisto, or perhaps exotic bugs in the sulfur volcanoes of IO OI
the high
pressure hell of Venus.
If that life form uses the same
genetic code as we do, then that means we are related somehow fe
perhaps seeded by the
same comet from another solar system.
the life form is drastically different, then our biologists and
doctors will have to stretch their theories to accommodate this
new form of life. In the process of stretching their theories,
they may learn more about our form of life. It may be that no
found anywhere else in the solar system.
That will only
make us more appreciative of how precious life is here on Earth.
E-6

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1378, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IO THE STARS
An ancient dream of mankind has been to travel to the stars. Our
gigantic Ieaps into space are but our first steps on the way to
those stars.
Once we have made the science investment in space on
orbiting infrared telescopes and large observatories on the back
side of the moon, we will be able to find and study planets around
the stars that lie nearest to the sun.
And once we have made the
technological investment in space on large power plants and laser
propulsion, then we can start planning to visit the stars. A
large power plant in space that sends a beam of microwave power
down to Earth can be used (during its preliminary test phases) to
a lightweight spacecraft to the stars at 20% of the speed of
The probe would fly through the three-star Alpha Centauri
50% of the speed of light.
By proper design of the sail, the crew
could be brought to a halt at Alpha Centauri, explore the planets
there, and return in less than a human lifetime.
The mission will
be difficult and expensive using known technologies, but it is
expected that our investments
in space will find better ways to
accomplish interstellar travel. Even without developing new
technologies, however, once we have made our planned scientific
and technological investments in space, if we want to, we can use
those investments to go to the stars and back before the 21st
Century is out.
E-7
