{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T18:16:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5371796, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124096-father-gill-sighting-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "517af6ebbed74010df92056c7469a80b56e188538642a7dd941de192b58c9f2f"}

THE VICTORIAN PLYING SAUCER }{„S'E'ARCH   S.)C   IETY .

                                P. 0.. Box 32,
                               Toorak.
                               M~.LBOUR1iE. Vic.
                               A1J'STP.ALLA.

   THE REYREND WILLIAM B. SILL'S RE O TS OF UFO ACTIVITY
   OVL`R BOIA'iA Y A LICrAN \i I 1CPT AID V I IITS' , APU„
                       NEW


              Introduction to the Boierai Reports.

      The reports described in the following pages constitute
the most remarkable testimony of intensive UFO activity
reported to civilian inveetgators in the entire history of
U'FO research. The sightings are unique in that, for the
first time, credible witnesses have reported the presence of
humanoid be.inge nesoclated with U.0'e.

     One important aspect of the Boianai incidents is tLat the
UFO's were observed closely by the witnesses for a total
period of some hours; accordingly, the reports should be
examined exhaustively for roe clue as to the nature and
origin of the craft, and for possible points of correla:ion
with other credible reports.

BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF FATHER GILL, THE PRINCIPAL WITiCSS:

     Aged 31 years.   Married with two children. Educated
Trinity Cra ar School, Melbourne, and St.Francie Colleie,
Brisbane.   Ordained priest of the Anglican Church.
Licentiate in Theology.   A qualified teacher, he completed
over eight years of service as a missionary in New Guinea.

FATHER GILL'S RELIABILITY AS WITNESS:
     VPSRS investigators found Father Gill at all times co-
operative and obviously deeply interested in UFO's an3 the
implications of their presence.   Prior to his eightir+~s he
discounted the poosibility of their existence as manned
craft.   He exhibit8 an impressive scholarly detachmeri and
his objectivity is evident in reading the report whic?r,
follows within.   Father Gill still remains reluctant t(
speculate as to the origin or precise nature of the LYFC'e -
at lecat, un 1 he has had an opportunity to complete acme
research into the subject.

THE CORROBORATIVE WITNESSES:

     These numbered up to a total of 38 persons during the
principal oightinge at Boianai, 27 of whom signed the original
statement examined by VPSRS Investigators.   The witnesses
were all Papuan natives, several of whom were educated
teachers and medical assistants.
BACKGROUND TO THE PRINCIPAL SIGHTINGS:
     The Boianai sightings climaxed a relatively short but
remarkably acute period of UFO activity in the vicinity of
eastern New Guinea.   UFO's were observed by both Papuan
natives and Europeans.   Sightings were reported by educated
Papuane and by totally illiterate natives relatively
untouched by western civilization and quite ignorant of
"flying saucers"


                                                                 ;F
 The             Rig':t Honora ~e                ..:. , :r.~ . , J.H.R.,
                                                                           3
 House of Representatives,
 CANBERRA. A.C.T.                        November 25th, 1959

 Dear Mr. M.ntiea,
               The enclosed report describes a series of recent,
factual sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFO's) seen
over New Guinea.
               The principal witness is the Reverend Father Gilt,
s young Angiloan priest who lime spent more than eight years in
he Territory on mission work.     There are thirty-eight
corroborative witnesses.

               The observers saw the UFO's on more than one
occasion.     Cn two consecutive days the craft hovered above
them for several hours at an altitude of approximately 450'.
Father Gill is adamant that he and his friends obeerveo
humanoid beings aboard the craft.

                One possible erplanaticn emerging from the
evidence is that the New Guinea UFO's are the secret weapons of
a foreign power, in which case an infringement of Australian
territorial jurisdiction has occurred.     This possibility has
already been ad umbrated to the Directorate of Air Force
Intelligence by the Victorian Flying Saucer Research Society
but in its reply to the Society dated October 15th (nearly
four months after the sightings occurred) the Directorate
claims to have carried out no investigations into the incidents.

               ~a feel strongly that an investigation should be
made into a matter of such vital concern to the security of
Australia.    A frank report should be made to the Australian
people.

               Should you desire any further information
pertelnirg to the New Guinea sightings or to the UFO enigna
6snerally may we respectfully offer our utmost co-operation
is assisting you.

                          Yours truly,

               P.P. Stone,
Hon. President, Auetreliam Plying Saucer Research Society,
22 Northoote Street, Kilburn, South Australia.

               S. Score,
Hon. President, Queensland Flying Saucer Research Duresu,
P.O. Box 111, North Quay, Brisbane, Qid.

               (Krs.) E.F. Haynes, B.A., Dip. S.S.,
Hon. Acting President, Tasmanian Flying Saucer Research Society,
9 Hoelyn Avenue, Kingston Beach, Tae.

               Dr. M. Lindtner,
Hon. President, UPO Investigation Centre of N.S.W.,
P.O. Box 1120, G.P.O., Sydney, N.S.W.

               P.E. Norris,   LL.B.,
Hon. President, Viotori,ai Plying Saucer Research Sooiety,
100 Collins 8trset, e?bourne, Victoria.


                        per
 Introduction    .. ..   (ccnti :pied )

 TEES OF UFO SIGHTED AT B; :A AI MID RANGE OF AEROrsr;A1 Ic


 Types: Large, manned craft with elaborate euperstruct -~re
 and smaller apparently remote-controlled discs with no
 apparent protuberances.

Performance:    Hovering, pendulum swinging, tremendous spurts
of speed.    The manned UFO obo rued on Tune 27th was seen to
cross the Bay at Boianal (approximately 30 miles wide) in less
than a aer'ond. Even allowing for the admitted Inaccuracy of
such a calculation made by scientific laymen the range t the
UFOs' performance is staggering.    The reported changes of
colour and light intensity are especially interesting.

EV'LtJATION OF THE BOIANAI SIGHTINGS:

     7t is sub©itted that the following propositions may be
cited as established by these sightings :-

1.    The principal witness is veracious and psychologica'.ly
      stable.   This is admittedly a subjective impression
      gained by investigators, but is supported by the balance
      of probabilities arising from a consideration of the
      witnesses professional standing and training.   The region
      of corroborative witnesses supplies supporting testimony
      of an objective nature.

2.    The Boianai UFO's are not psychological phenomena.    he
      undoubted psychological element present in some UFO
      sightings has been demonstrated by Jung in his recent
      treatise.   However, the limits of operation of this
      factor are still undefined and it would appeal arbitrary to
     relegate the Bolarai sightings to the category of mass
      hallucination.   The reader is especially referred to
      Father Gill's prefatory remarks within.

3.   The foianai UF`O's are demonstrably not eleetrical
     phenomena, meteors, birds, conventional air-craft, and
     cannot reasonably be attributed to any of the gamut of
     accumetomed physical rationalisations.

4.   The Boianai UFO's are advanced craft, manned by humanoid
     beings, capable of a fanta_tic range of aerodynamic
     performance.

5.   The Boianai sightings do not PROVE ipso facto that the
     UFO's are non-terrestrial spaceships; they indicate
     a strong LIKELIHOOD that they are such.
6,   UFO researchers reed no longer enquire as to the :ENURE
     of the UFO's but only as to their ORIGIN.
                                            0C   "
                                            3


              REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED PLYING OBJ ;Cf S

       Bcianai, Territory of Papua and New Guinea, 1959
                                        By W.B. Gill
                                   at Boianai 14/7/59

 INTRODUCTION.
    These reports of observations together with relevait
material combine to describe with fair accuracy what 13 thought
to have been a series of activites in the sky at night over
and rear Boianai by U.F.O.'s.   Main recordings were Cade on
the evenings of June 21st, 26th and 27th.

    As chief observer and sole recorder and reporter of the
Boianai phenomena on those dates (at Boianai ) I would now
hesitate to re-state without further long consideration
backed by scientific investigation any opinions or theories
as expressed in my personal letters hastily written in that
period and which are included in this present material. The
value (personal) lies in their subjectiveness against what I
hope is objective observational data, and in the complete
change of mind from scepticism to the conviction that the
UFO's as observed by me cannot be explained away in terme of
natural phenomena in the light of past knowledge and
experience.

    Consideration to the following possible factors, :' owever,
cannot be overlooked if this paper is to have any value at
all as an attempted objective record.
1.  Hallucination
    Sketches in the body of the report may be figment of
imagination or hallucination.    Hallucination may have been
experienced simultaneously by the 2^ eye-witnesses whc,ae
names appear on the signature list.
2.  Suggestion as an influence to "witnesses"
    There may have been undue influence by suggestion of a
European observer over a less eophesticated or inexperienced
native body; there may have been influence caused by rub-
aervience of the native body of "witnesseaw towards the
European observer.
3.  Illusion
    Tt ie possible that "freak" atmospheric conditions or
subjectiveness on the part of the observer(s) resulted in a
mis-interpretation of natural phenomena.
4.  Unreliable Observers
    Inexperience in astronomical observation. Ipnorence
regarding such natural phenomena as falling stare, meteors,
comets, electrical disturbances in the atmosphere; tPe
appearance and usual movements of these.
5.   Variation in deecriptive evidence from different sources
     (a1~ie-interpretation due to inexperience or faiZty
         observation.
     (b) Differences in interpretations by individual observers
         resulting from different experiences.
     (o) Variation in distances between reliable observers
         and the phenomena sighted. Independent obsdveers have
         noted and reported eightings from as far as twenty
         miles from Bolanei, the source of activity.
    In absence of aciontifio investigation into this present
report, theory and hypothesis should be made with note to

          1
the following relevant fact., concc.ninfi the co uctinn of tY: :
part of the observation and execution of procedure in guthe:std
evidence and writing the retort:

1. The sketch of the tTh on rage ti rf the rep•r't wao drawn by
Papuan observer Stephen Gill Moi.      It is important in one
significant detail frog later skftehes.      The "underside" is
described by him and drawn as sYie:ring four "black spots".
These markings are replaced in       equent  descriptions and
drawings by what appeared to be four straight legs or stands
pointing diagonally de.~'nwards from the "Uas ." of the UFO.

    Can it be assumed therefor: th at suggestion played no part
in respect of this detail upon the mthds of observers in sub-
sequent sightings when all, including ;tephen G. ':oi, indcpan -
ently thought they saw "legs", though descriptions of the gen ral
shape of the whole "object" were in fact rzuch the as ne
2.   Drawing up of the report was conducted in the following w y:
     (a) On the nI 'it of June 6th irsnediately following the d s -
         appearance of the UFO throui h elo:id, 38 witnesses were
         brought together into o well-lighted room.
     (b) On separate sheets of paper three observers, namely
         Willi :r Gill, Ananias Rarata and Stephen Gill ,.ioi, drev
         what they thou~t they saw.     ::ash worked in separate
         parts of the room.     Then the sketches were compered
         and it was found that each resembled the other differi'g
         only ;n size of drawing.

         Representatives of groups who thought they observed "©:n"
         on the WO wrote their si,nature3 under the respective
         headings (see page 7 ).
     (a) All observers were briefly ;addressed by the reporter ar.J
         given the opportunity of si fning a paper stating that n
        UFO as described in the sketches was seen by then.     It
        was .pointed out that they nut be truthful and sign enl"
        if they believed that t!iey ..iw the IWO as represented b
        the three drawings.    27 observers of a total of 38
        voluntarily signed.

     (e) The data (1 ) on page F of the report is a copy of the
         original recorded during the actual time of observation
         by the reporter.

        Diagrams on   ^nbe  E  were made by the reporter and si; ned
        voluntarily under the sane crditiors  as describes 1 n pr
        (a) except that the signaturo are representet_ves o.
        groups only.

     (g) The sketches on page 17 were ,.jade as part cf a written
         statement by the Rev'd. P. Dune, Acting Principal cf
         St. Aida_^'s College, Dogura.     This statement was drawn
         up by him a few minutes after the observation.

     (h) The UFO'e described on page s are significantly different
         in appearance from any previously described.

     NOTE: he reporter not be_n.; a matitematician has attempted
     estimates of size and distances. It is suggested that the
     measurements should not be rei;arded .as indisputable.
In this respect, as result of f'Lrther practice with hand-r :asre-
Went as noted on page 8 of th:- reocrt, the reporter ha z• t; :en the
liberty of making alteration to ori~in31 data.    The HAtIu- ;PAN
which originally read r.e E inc"..s new rc`d9 as five inche_ .
Other estimated mea:zurements -L: :ild tht~refore Zee adjusted
accordingly.


                                 (3gd ) W1lui   P. Gill
Dear Dabid ,
           Have a look at this ?xtraordinary data.        I an n= coat
convinced about the "visitation'' theory.      There have bacn r ,itc
a number of reports over the months, from reliable witne•se . The
peculiar thing about these most recent reports is that the ' F'O's
seen to be stationary at Boianai or to travel from Boianai.          The
Mt. Pudi vicinity seems to ba the hovering area. 1 myself r.aw a
stationary white light twice on the    came  night  on April  9th.  but
in a different place each time.     I believe yot'r students h:.ve also
sighted one over Bolenai . The r . ° .0. , Bob . .ath and lir. ;lc ver
have all seen it, or similar one.: on different occasions — :.ea1n,
over Boianai, although I think the ! niara people said they watched
it travel across the sky from -u: 3ircction.         I should think that
this is the first time that the ",nucer" has been identifie as
_;uch.

            I do not doubt the existence of these "thing&' ( :ndeed
I cannot now that I have seen one for myself) but my simple mind
still requires scientific evidence before I can accept the •'rom-
outer-apace-theory.    I am inclined to believe that probsbl,:
many UFO'a are more likely some form of electric phenomena - or
perhaps something brought about by the atom bomb explosions, etc.
That Stephen should actually make out a saucer could be the work
of the unconscious mind as it is very likely that at some :ime he
has seen illustrations of some kind in a magazine, or it is very
possible that saucers do exist, but it is only a 50/50 chnr.~e
that they are not earth made, still less that they should carry men
(more likely radio controlled), and it is still unproven th►t they
are solids.

           It is all too difficult to und:rstnnd for me; I orefer
to wait for some bright boy to catch one to be exhibited i:: inrtin
Square.

           Please return this report as I have no copy and I want
Nor. to have it.


                        REPORT 0:i UFO SIGHTING


Time: 1 a.m. Sunday, 21st June, 1959.
Weather Conditions: Patches of low cloud, otherwise clear.     Moonlight.
Name of Observer: Stephen Moi, Teacher.

Description: (as told to W.B. Gill by the observer 23/6/54 at Boianai.

           On coming out of the house at one o'clock on S~.nday
morning (21st June) I saw a bright light (white) silently coming out
of the sky from a point about a quarter of a mile out to raa,
slightly west of the Boianai station.   It descended from .ohat seemed
a great height and I watched it for the space of about theee minutes
moving and descending eastwards and parallel to the coast.    It
stopped at a point a little to the east of the station an' at a heist
of about three hundred feet.   There it remained stationary for


                                                                            ,. r.ye,::bt,•.
                                                                            yi'~
                                                                                              i
                                                                                   :• Y^Jt'
/
                                                                   -5-

    perhaps half a rsinute :ir.r  r:tdu:.slly itrr'  ed i:i ):ri1li .nee until
    the shape of an inverted     'user c^. .1•, be discerned, wh: h was
    tilted ;,lightly backwards :v; ,h prim, of the cn::e vis_b1.        ?he object
    then moved upward. and disapre:fired f:•om viow into the c Dude.

          When first sighed, 1 th3ught it to have been a 1 fiht
    similar to those dropped by 'Ylaneo durir.~, the war.
    ?; .       Underneath the sauce. I ,nw about four round blac: spots.

                                            (sgd ) ;'tephen Gill Mot
                                                       (QBS3RVE!+)
    NOTE: All this imtromation wa: volunteered without any -nowledge
    oT- previoue eightine.. of Ur \)'3 by St ephen, and when questioned
    afterwards, Stephen oi cl.^.i red never to have heard of ' lying
    saucers".      I asked hi:a if     waa luite sure the shape        the
    object v;ae like an inv. rt. d . 'weer and w is not, for i n. t ,nce,
    the shape of a plate, or like a "sixp.:nce", or "like a t 111".
    He was quid: certain in hi.: mird th'it it was more like r saucer
    than anyhtng else.

                                        (sgd ) William R. Gill
                                                        (        PORTER)


                                                                         -
                                                                                       ,x
                                                     X ,_~. r:           ,~ ,.~..: '

                                                                 "« '


                                                                 --- X          I/e~:

                                                                                              Ae, •sox      C1.ovc
                                                                                             1 ;000
                                                                                                            ~.-
              .Ju6H   :4   TLM
       ~. •     .7J Ji:,Cp•d.    0
                                                                   MT        Nv.rNA                               ~.iu0
                                             ' 1Mr          os
                                 /                                                           I       x ocs.A„E'
                                     ¼. _
                                                                                            Anglican Mission,
                                                                                            Boianai.
                                                                                             7/6/59
    Dear David,

                 Life is strange, isn't it?   Yesterday I wrote you a
    letter, (which I still intend sending you) expressing opinions
    re the UFG ' a — Now, lees than 24 hours later I have charged my
    views somewhat.      Last night we at Boianai experienced clout 4
    hours of UPO activity, and there is no doubt whatsoever that they
    are handled by beings of some kind. At times it was absoL*tely
    breathtaking. Here is the report. Please pass it round, but
    great care must be taken as I have no other, and this, like the
    one I nade out re Stephen, will be sent to Nor. I would tapreciate
    it if you could send the lot back as coon as pose.

                                                                 Cnsers,
                                          Convinced Bill
    P.S. Do you think P. Moresby should know about this?
( N. Cruttwell is at present in the Dana country and will roi be
returning home until 16th July at earliest.)     If people thir:c
it worth while, I will stand coi- t of a radio corversatlsn of tou
care to make out a comprehensive report from the material on ay
behalf::    It's interesting Territory news if nothing else.


26/6/59                         U.F.O.                  Boianai
                               DATA     (1)
          Time (p.' . )

Patches    6.45          Sighted bright white light from front
of low              direction N.W.
clouds
clear over 6.50           Call Stephen and Eric - Langford.
Dogura and
Menapi     6.52          Stephen arrives. Confirms   not star
                    like other night. Coming closer, not so
                    bright. Coming down 500 ft?, orange?, dee)
                    yellow?

           6.55           Send Eric to call people.
                    One object on top, move - man?
                    Now three men - moving, glowing, doing some-
                    thing o. deck.
                    Gone.

           7.00           Men 1 & 2 again.
           7.04           Gone again.
Cloud ceil-7.10         Man 1,3,4,0 (appeared in that order.)
lag covered        Thin elct. blue spot light.
Sky c. 2000'       Men gone, spot light still there.

           7.12    Men 1 & 2 appeared - blue light.

           7.20     Spot light off, men go.

           7.20     UFO goes through cloud.
Clear sky 8.28      UPO seen by .tee overhead. Call station peo}11e.
here,               Appeared to descend, get bigger.
heavy cloud         Not so big, but seemed nearer than before.
over
Dogura.     8.29    Second seen over sea - hovering at times.

Clouds     8.35     Another over Wadobuna village.
forming     7       Another to the east.
again
           8.50          Big one stationary and larger - the
                    original (?)    Others coming and going
                    through clouds.    As they descend through
                    cloud, light reflected like large halo ont ,
Clouds              cloud - no more than 2000', probably less.
patchy              All UFO's very clear - satellites?
                    "Mother" ship still large, clear, stationary.
           9.05     Noe. 2,3,4 gone.
  9.10      "'.t"+"t.    shi: gene - g:vtr                   ..ed it   ht.
                . 1 f•^hie (-verhead int"                    lc~ud.

 9.20       "M~ r;•: ,.,'

 9.30      "Moths:•" acne across j'i                  tcwarda G .~a -
           white, red, glue, gene.

 ~.4F,     Overheat U.F.Q. re—arpears, is hcw :•ing.

10.JO      Still there, stationary.

10.10      Hnverin, , per.e behinri clr`ud.

10.30      Very bi a, t:,vcrirg i;:                1ear rate-a 'f            qky
           between rl~t:d s .

10.50      Very cv              rt,   a• sign •: L'._ .C.

11. 4      Heavy rain.
                                        1 Q A.         '::

                   Data sheet cf nrRervatien 'f f .F.0's
                          G.45 - 11.4 p,;i.
                               :6/6/59.

                            )     'A'illia'a B. Oiil.

Ruh sketch if U.r.0. as
it appeared fr'n resitinn
of r'bservati~r..                        •4.t(r t c
                                          hl'.It   L,(..4i
                                                               1 - 4 men
                                                               ~lear.y seen,
                                                               appeared in this
                                                               cider at 7.12
                                                               p.m. from
                                                               waist uo )

                                               "men" I.Uu ins ed..


A_ Dearances of men
11 ~~ and    at 6.55 p . .
      illiam B. Gill
     Stephen Gill Mai.

Appearances cf men at 7.00 p.m.
 .an&2
    V91Tiam B. Gill
    Stephen G1ll Mn
    Ananias Barata
    Nessie Moi
AppearanceR of men and 11 ht shaft at 7.10 a.:.
I 3~ 4 and 2 in that cr er T`
   W1lli   B.. Gill.
   Stephen Gill Mn
   Ananas Rarata
Appearances of non 1 and ! and _ iaht shaft a: '.12__p.m.
   William B. Lill
   Stephen Gill bloc
   Ananias Raratn
This paper drawn up and signed by chief obsery 're at
                           7.30 p.m. 26/6/59,
    b       Nuanua                                      Mt. Pudi
   g/ l 1    M 1                                              l A
                                             Distance from Mt. Pudi t
                                             cost 4-5 miles.

                                 9 E


                           8
                       O
                                B
                             A•'v'v,l
                           11• SI~MTIr.C. NT a
                                                          A
                                                               f
                               -- 3 MILL S


   Positions of U.P.O'e observed from Nioanai Station
                                    at 8.28 p.m. and 9.15 p.m.
                                        26/6/59.
                   (Sgd.)   William B. Gill
                            Stephen Gill Moi.

   WEATHER         VARIABLE SKY - SCATTERED CLOUDS to CZAR AT ?IRST ,
                   BECOMING OVERLAST A?`TER 10.10 p.m.

                   APPROX. REIGHT OF CLOUDS - 2,000 ft.
  NOTE.    This determined by relationship of clouds to
  highest point visible of mountains.   As U.F.O's were often
  below (under) clouds and their glow gave off a wide bib of
  light reflected on clouds, it follows that U.F.O's do : ended
  to below 2,000 ft.
  The first sighting over the sea seemed not more than .iO0 ft.
  above the water at times .

Size of U.F.G. "A" (across) (as appeared)             C.l'ur.
Pull HMII- SPAN at arm's length (8 inches)  Dull yellow ep rhaps
when U.F.O's at closest,                    pale orange) except
                       '!
                     ,/ ^►tr [
                                            when aovin , then
                   #.,
                            ~,. NT          very bright.
                 -' ' n n _                 When finally moved
                                            away at grcn, speed
                                            at 9.30 - co:our
                                    0       charged from thin
                     T ,         •A~                  deed red,
                                            white to dee
                                            then to blue-green.
A rough sketch of U.F.O. as observed between 6.55 p.m. a.d ?.22
p.m. by 38 witne3sts at Boianai, T.P. & N.G., Friday 6-c -R9.
  This sketch is n reasonable reproduction of U.F.O. whi'h wag
clearly visible and mostly stationary for 5 minutes.
             (Sgd.) William B. Gill, ?riest
             "        Stephen Gill Moi - Teacher
             "        Eric Kodaware - Schoolboy.


                                                                        r
                                                                      I


                                                                          C


                                     1~    8
                       /J       I
                             pANEL;

                                       x
NOTE                        oa_cc. ,/c S       SIZES of U.F.O's
    had S panels                                cis appeared)
                                HCRE
of bright                                      "E" about f   across
                                                          11
"windows"                                                        fl

on near edge.                                  1t   B11   11    1 ''
                                                          "     i" deep
                                                          "      " across.


Four of the five U.F.O's seen in the sky at the one time
      between 8.!8 p.m. and 9.15 p.m.
  (aethey appeared.   "B" was directly overhead.)

                                    William B. Gill - Priest
                                    Stephen Gill Moi - Teacher
                                    Eric Kodnwara - Schoolboy.


                   U.F.O.            DriA            90IANAI.

Saturday, 27/6/59.

      Large U.F.O. first signted by Annie Laurie at A p.m. in
apparently sane position as la:-t night (26/6/59) only seem ~d
a little smaller, when Y.B.G. saw it at 6.02 p.m.     I called
Ananias and several others and we stood in the open towat^h
it.    Although the sun had set it was quite light for the
following 15 minutes.    We seat"hed figures appear on top -
four of them - no doubt that they are human.     Possibly tk
same object that I took to be the "Mother" ship last night.
Two smaller U.F.O's were seen at the emle time, stationary.
One above the hills west, another overhead.     On the large one
two of the figures seemed to be doing something rear the
centre of the deck - were occasionally bending over and rci^ing
their arms as though adjusting or "setting up" something not
visible).    One figure seemed to be standing looking down s.t
us (a group of about n dozen).     I stretched my arm above ay
head and waved to our surprioe the figure did the same.
Ananias waved both arms over his head then the two outside
figures did the same.    Ananias and self began waving our
 arms and all four now seemed to wave back.    There seemed
 to be no doubt that our movements were answered.    mrii lion
 boys made audible gasps (of eother joy or eurrrise perhap
 both).
                            - 10 -

     As dark was beginning to close in, I sent Eric Kod
for a torch and directed a aeries of long dashes toward-.wara
                                                          the
U.F.O.   After a minute or two f this, the U.F.O. appa: ently
acknowledged by making several wavering motions back any` forth.
Waving by us was repeated and this followed by more flashes of
torch, then the U.F.O. began slowly to become bigger, a~parent-
ly coming in our direction.    It ceaaed after perhaps half a
minute and came on no further.    After a further two or three
minutes the figures apparently' lost interest in us for trey
disappeared "below" deck.    At 6.C5 p.m. two figures
re-appeared to carry on with whatever they were doing be.ore
the interruption (?).   The blue spot light came on for . few
seconds twice in succession.
     The two other U.F.O's remained stationary and high up -
higher than last night (?) - smaller than last night.
     6.30 p.m. I went to dinner.

     7.00 p.m. No. 1 U.r .0. still present but, appeared srmewhat
smaller - ebservers go to church for Evensong.
     7.45 p.m. Evensong over and sky cloud severed -
visibility V.L.

     10.40 p.m. A terrific explosion just outside the Mi: on
House.    Nothing s'en.   Could have been an electrical
atmospheric explosion as whole sky overcast.    At ll.u5 a few
drops of raise.   This may or ray not have something to do with
U.F.O.    The explosion seemed to be just outside the window -
NO'i ordinary thunderclap - but a penetrating 'earsplittin. '
explosion.    It woke up people on the station.
                   SUNDAY - E8-6-69.
To sign of U.F.O. 6 p.m.
6.45 p.m. 1 only U.F.O. practically overhead - slightly north -
very high, but clearly distinguishable due to hovering.
7.30 p.m.   Same U.F.O. - moved to southern pesttien but still
more Ar less overhead.

9.10 p.n.    3 U.F.O's in almost straight line - all high,
oky clear.

11,00 p.m.   8 U.F.O's -.this :he greatest number yet seen at
one time.   One fairTy low, but except for occasional hove ,
no activity seen on board.
                           AFprox. position.


                               co'S r
      02                           X OSSERv£R


                                             ~6


                                         (   MT. N'JANUA   )
                                - ii
il, O n.m.   A sl ar F;         : t•.i  b:;.:
roof as though pieoee of ret:i dreFr'J fr' -.` _ :^n            n "use
roll of "objet" down roof -1 're                         fiei,-ht   I!n
                                               .     t'u si.:i'    U.?.U's
in circle around station.      .1 hi
11.30 p.►r..   To bed   .nd U.t . 's still there.


                     MONDAY, £J-►L 59.
A.M.    Roof examined.   No ac•parent sign of mark or den.,
which one might expect after last ni~it'e noise.


                                                  A.M.
                                                  Boianai.
                                                  30-F-59.
Dear David,

             Have been having further experiences nightly •vith
U.P.O. - ..ounted 1 large and ^ small over Saturday night,
                  1 large and f small Sunday night,
                  1 large and •~ small Monday night.

            Believe it or not, manias, Mission boys and 'elf
exchanged hand signals (beTr dark Saturday) with the
occupants of the "mother" ship a little after     p.m.    Th+re
isno doubt that she    occupier, by at least 4 rnen.    As~ur irtg
that men are the same size as ?verage of earth, I have voiked
out size of the ship - Top 'fleck" - ~O' diameter    ) the " 'ther"
                       Bottom "de'k" - roughly 35')      shir..

     Distance of operations, therefore, as we have sighted.
have been, at highest altitude 0,5U0 feet;  lowest altitud••
450 feet.

     That's all for now,.miot away en patrol.

                                 Yours,

                                         Bill.
P.S.   No "human" activity has yet been observed on smaller
U.F.O's, which seem to be disks rather than saucers.


                     Unider.:.ficd Plvir.

                                  Date, Monday 6th July, 1959.
     At about 8.40 p.m. I noticed a t:hite glow through the
cloud, similar to that caused by the moon.    Position -
North West - a few degrees above Gubanauna Point (the Point
is about 3 ales from the College).

     The flow changed to a brilliant spot o£ white light.
It descended and moved a little to the South.   The brillian•e
faded to a glow and then to a faint glimmer.

     After 5 minutes it glowed again brilliantly and moved ir.
n circular motion (see sket.'h) anticlockwise.  Then it move
further south and down until it became obscured by the Paint
of land at 9.00 p.m.

     Through the binoculars I not
colour and shaped like            iced it to be orange it
                         d  k.
     Th{ _ wa, obser-r d b 1,••; .
                                   i'uric
Gill and more than ten Colles;e men.
                                              R`v.    Dsza►3, Rev. W
                                                 '

                                            I'tvid F. Murie.


Movcaent :    Gub~nauna
              Point .


             PAPER SIGNED £•Y UA,ZORITY 0? WITNESSES n2
                       7-4$p.n. ~~~f~a.

                 Signatures of WITNESSES OP U.F.O.

             Observed on the nirht of 26th June 1959 at


                  William A. Gill
                  Dulcie Fred n t:uyornbo - Teacher
                  Ilea Violet Iorere - Teacher
                  Erie Kodawar:,
                  Ida Nary Giriobo - Ten her
                  Love Daisy Kolauna - McJieal :,saiotant
                  Annie Laurie Bnrewn - Medical Assistant
                  Milton Baranni
                  ;nos Nudat B'trte
                  Ananias Rar:st.a - Toucher
                  Lily Davis Uini::.ura
                  Annie Graee Y=ir1e1ge
                  Mauri.e Sangfnrd Totiaawal
                  Ronald W.K.
                  Daisy Ponewew i
                  Nurst Mary G►tnauln
                  Jane Rarata
                  Prank Gunual:i
                  Randolph Gill Kawarewa
                  Nessie Moi
                  Stephen Gill M^i - Teacher
                  Kipling Guveropa - 'leacher
                  Montague T~tuwarunani
                  Carson Kivnus
                  Ce.il Tyorai
v'i i►'`::t.L N i


                                               9th July ] 5r

     Last night I went cut of my house btu twv.n 11.; J        nd
midnight and I ;-3w a brit~'.t be .m of light shinf~E. a        s
the sea near the shore rta;? arallel to the beach.

     The light was white an.; it lit un waves of the a a.
I thought it was comin. i r.>:, a beat wul .:o I returned to
the house.   I heard no noise.
                           (D; ::. )   Kinsford Dibeln,
                                         Teacher,   Dogura.


Note:

     It is reported that Richard, Teacher, was dazzle 3 by
a bright white light in ni:tht of July bth (about midr..ght ).
          No personal statement has b. 'n taken t'rom hm by .ne.
     Richard lives on the beach b~lw Dogura Plateau.     It
is said that he describes he light as originatiry it the
direction of Guvanayba Point and that it lit up the cast
line beyond Wedau.

     The boat Kekaha (? ) was at Wedau wharf on the evening
of July 9th.   If this information interests you it r)Ub
be worth che'king on the movement and a•tirity of thrt boat
then.   Gubanauna Point is roughly 4 miles west of Wedau
wharf.
