{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T07:27:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1221356, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124042-letter-to-clifford-stone-from-lee-graham-february-28-1987.pdf", "source_sha256": "0015b0a291247160704383665641f591778a0bf706df10635cedeb92524469c3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1036, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28 February
198
Mr.
Dear Mr.
Sir, I am writing to you because of your
research (see
enciosure I-I3) into authenticating the "SNOWBIRD" document.
I am the individual who "leaked" the document into the
Aerospace industry (see enclosure D5 page 2). I believe now
that I was provided a copy of this document (see enclosure
B2) because of my former association with the U-2 Project
(see enclosure K-K4), former association with the Hycon Co.
(see enclosure L3), current interest in the alleged
USAF/Lockheed F-19
stealth fighter (see enclosusre M-M8),
and
research into the "Roswell Incident/Blue Room"
(see
enclosure N-N7).
In sharing this documentation I make a request= The facility
(Mount Monzano see enclosure 0-01) that
is in charge of guarding, is alleged to have a down-Tink
communications center for the "Aliens" (see enclosure B2).
There IS a red light on top of the hill above this facility
that ostensibly blinks in unison with "their" coded
communications
patterns. Can you confirm this?
Thank you
for your time, Sir.
Sincerely

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2672, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Assesment of Purported "TOP SECRET" Document
The document in question is purported to be one (1) page of a
larger document. This
one (1) page purported leased VIA the
Freedom of Information Act.. The document does not contain any
reference as the office or agency of orginal. Also, the document
is undated.
The document is marked TOP SECRET at both
• the top and bottom of
the one page.
This is consistant with existing DOD and Departmental
Regulations
and Directives.
The words "TOP SECRET" at both the top and bottom of the document
have been overstamped "UNCLASSIFIED" indicating that the document
was in fact downgraded for released. NOTE: The orginal classifica-
tion should have been crossed out upon downgrading.
However, this
oversight is common as proven by other document I have obtained
VIA the FOIA.
The Intelligens aloo munity there protests neer penet However,
it should be noted that the use of such markings as "Sub Projects
Under Project"
are not common Knowledge.
Each of the paragraphs on the documents have the lead line, "(TS/ORCON)".
This indicates the classification of the project (IS - TOP
SECRET) and
also the name of the project (ORCON). It should also be note that again
this is not common knowledge outside of the Intelligence Community.
Each project named in the document is followed by a "PROWORD"
• Again
this is not common knowledge outside of the Intelligence Community.
A proword is a word or group of words to identifv a transmission of
information pertaining to a project. In exsample if information was
being transmitted concerning a Project Blue, the proword might be
You would want your proword classified so no one would know
that information pertained to a certain project.
XThe document is double spaced. This would indicate that the docu-
ment was in all propablity a draft document.
PROJECT SIGMA according to the document deals with our efforts to
communicate with the "Alien"
SIGINT within the Intelligence Com-
munity deals with Signal Intelligence.
it would not be
unreasonable to conclude the SIGMA would signify,
Therefore, „Signal Intelligence
with Alien".
CONCLUSIONS
While the document does not contain sufficient identification to
permit any opinion as to its authenticity, some conclusions can be
drawn. To date no governmental agency has
confirmed the document
as being valid. The document does seem to indicate that the document
conforms to the accepted standards of a classified document in accord-
ance with DOD Regulations and Directives. Also, if the document is
in fact a hoax, it would have to have been committed by someone having
a high degree
Of knowledge on how the military classification system
works.
