{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:03:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 929733, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124034-clifford-stone-letters.pdf", "source_sha256": "f17bcd96ef4828fb9d762b6490016e908d51d9396410e9681fdb66f1ecfe7d44"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2260, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dear Sir,
I am stationed in Roswell, New Mexico serving in a ROIC Assignment and
and would like to asked your assistance in the following matters. I have
an interest in UFO's and use the FOIA to gather UFO related document from
the U.S. Government. I have cone across some very interesting material
and feel that the only way some of these matters will ever be resolved is
with the direct intravention of Congress.
The U.S.A.F. stopped investigating
UFO Reports on Dec 17, 1969. However,
UFO Incidents continue to happen and
are recorded in U.S. Government documents. Io be sure sone UFO Incidents
never made it to the Blue Books Files during the time of the Air Force UFO
Investigations. They were and still classified in the interest "National
Defense". Why, if we are to believe the findings of Project Blue Book?
I would like to request your assistance in obtaining the following
information from the National Security Agency:
1. Any information the NSA has on a Cuban MIG-23 that was destroyed
by a UFO in March 1967. This incident never made it to the Blue Book Files.
It was and still is classified "TOP SECRET". Why?
Any information that the nsa or U.S.A.F. has on the UFO Incident
that happened at RAF Woodbridge Base in England on Dec 27 1980. The U.S.A.F.
says that no investigation was made of this incident. I can't believe that.
I still remember what happened at Pearl harbor, I feel that our military leader-
ship does also.
3. The NSA's opinion as to the validity of the attached document,
marked "Top Secret". If this document is bogus it is, in my opinion expertly
done.
4. Any information the NSA has on a "Project Aquaríus" ot at least
does "Project Aquarius" deal with UFO's. Another interesting fact. According
to the NSA "Project Aquarius" is Top Secret.
up in a document that according to the U.S.A.F.'s OSI is bogus, about three years
before the existance of :Project Aquarius" was known within the UFO circles.
I am requesting your assistance because I feel that the American public ha
• right to know the truth about. what our government knows concerning UFO's.
not chan we cease being, a government of the people, by the people, for the
people.
Thank you for any assistance you can give me in this matter.
Sincerely yours,
...
..
C

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 591, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mrited States Senate
WASHINGTON. D.G. 20510
February 10, 1987
Dear
Enclosed please find a copy of the response which I
have received from the National
Security Agency regarding
your inquiries about UFO's.
My staff mentioned that you have been in contact
with them.
I also understand that you did not receive
my first letter to you in December. For that, I
apologize - perhaps it was lost in the mail.
I hope the response from the National Security Agency
is satisfactory.
please let me know.
If I can be of any, further assistance,
My warmest personal regards.
Sincerely,
PVD/mc
Enclosure
•

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2048, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE
FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, MARYLAND 20755-6000
STATES OF
Serial: 04-112-87
04 FEB 1987
The Honorable
United States Senate
ATTN: Marco Caceras
Room 430 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Dear
This responds to your letter to the Office of the
Secretary, Department of Defense dated 19_ December 1986 on
behalf of
1).
your constituent,
Mr. Clifford E: Stone (Enclosure
Your letter has been directed to this Agency for response
to you.
The National Security Agency (NSA) has received numerous
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) equests for information
pertaining to UFO incidents. Our records show that Mr. Stone
has submitted six such requests over the past 7 years.
One of
those requests was for the information mentioned in paragraph Z
of his letter to you,
the UFO incident at RAF Woodbridge Base.
In our 1 February 1984 response to Mr. Stone (Enclosure 2), we
notified him that the estimated manpower and computer search
costs involved in locating
records responsive to his request
were $250.00.
We advised him that, upon receipt of half that
amount, a
search would be made. Mi. Stone did not respond to
our letter.
Regarding the information in paragraph 1 of Mr. Stone's
letter, we have no record of receiving an FOlA request tor
documents dealing with a UFO destruction of a Cuban MiG-23.
Paragraph 3 of his letter asks for NSA analysis of the
document he
attached.
It appears to be an Air Force document.
The project
names which
are referenced, Sigma and Snowbird, are
not NSA projects.
We have no knowledge of the information
contained in the
document.
The subject of paragraph 4, project Aquarius, has been the
subject of numerous FOIA requests.
Apparently there 1s or was
an
Air Force project by that name which dealt with UFOs.
Coincidentally, there is also an NSA project by that name. The
NSA project does not deal with UFOs.
We believe that the
confusion on this issue results from an FOIA request submitted
by another person with interest in UFOS, Mr. Christian Lambright.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1275, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Serial: 04-112-87
MI. Lambright requested all information on the NSA project
Aquarius, apparently believing that the project pertains to
UFOS.
with UFOs.
We advised Mr. Lambright that our project he "goal of
He then requested records revealing
Aquarius,
and we withheld the document because it is
classified.
We have reason
to belleve that our final respons
to Mr. Lambright,
denying him access to the records, has beer
disseminated within a circle of those interested in UFOs and
deny cithe
that subsequently a misunderstanding has developed regarding
NSA, Aquarius
and UFOs.
informaties ordain eneras have resis old from the
public pursuant to the first and third exemptions of the FOIA.
The first exemption provides for the protection of information
which is currently and properly classified in accordance with
the provisions of Executive Order 12356. The third exemption
protects information from disclosure by statute.
applicable in this case are 50 U.S.C. 402 note (Public Law
86-36,
Section 6), 50 U.S.C. 403(d) (3) and 18 U.S.C. 798. This
Agency's decision
to protect those records has been upheld by
the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia.
We hope that the information being provided to you will be
of help to Mr. Stone.
Sincerely,
10-
_..

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1301, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE
FORT GEORGE G: MEADE, MARYLAND 20735
Serial: N9536
: 1 FEE 1984
MI.
Dear
This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act request
of 27 December 1983 in which you request any information this
Force Base in Woodbridge, England..
In processing your
request, we will conduct an Agency-wide
search of our files.
We estimate that the manpower and computer search costs involved
in this search will be approximately $250.00. Our policy is to
request advance payment of one-half the estimated cost, as well as
• an agreement to pay the balance, prior to initiating the search.
such Iecords exist, most likely would be classified or otherwise
exempt from release in accordance with the exemption provisions
of the Freedom of Information Act. The application of these
exemptions to NSA information have been consistently approved by
the Federal Judiciary.
-
We are, therefore, suspending processing of your request pending
receipt of your certified 'check or money order made payable to
the Treasure of the United States in the amount of $125.00, which
to incur the above searchi fees. l
43 4 lot you or the acte cost of that saich and roguest one
balance due prior to informing you of the results of our search.
Sincerely,
(OR)
Chief
Information Policy

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3408, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
85260-DK1-3409-1N9
MEDICAL RICORDS/ INTERVIENS
Efforts to
perform a medical record and interview at CCS net with negative
results as it is no longer in business.
Inquriy at Christian Counseling Associates
(CCA), 144 E. Foothill Blvd., Arcadia, CA, disclosed that CCS is no longer in existence.
CCA records clerk advised that CCS went out of business in the carly 1970's (NFI).
ICA is not affiliated with CCS.
SUBJECT INTERVIEW
On 19 Mar 86, SUBJECT was interviewed relative to the allegation that he nay
be a "minor security risk:. SUBJECT was also queried about his past bankruptcy
and psychiatric treatment.
SUBJECT admitted that in approximately 1985, he visited the vicinity of Tonopah
Test Range (TTR), Tonopali, NV, and photographed portions of that facility from an
unrestricted area using a zoom lens. SUBJECI explained that he did not know that
TTR was a classified area.
SUSJECT stated that he did not see any warning signs
which prohibited photographs from being taken.
SUEJECT described himself as an
"aircraft buff:, and that was the reason for his visit to TTR.
SUBJECT denied
that he was a minor security risk because of his interest in aircrafts.
SUSJECT
advised that he is a security conscious individual and would never intentionally
violate any security regulations. SUBJECT related that becäuse of his knowledge
of aircrafts, he is in a position to detect possible security violations comnitted
by others.
SUBJECT said that he would be the first to report a security violâtion.
when SUBJECT was asked how he oblained an unclassified document, formerly designated
TOP SECRET, concerning Proient Snowbird, SUBJECT explained that it was given to hin
by is Source. SUBJECT identified the Source as a s
Burton!, CA.
SUBJECT deseribed Moore as a castel friend whon he met in approv ately
: 383.
SUS ECT adised chai lie hes had an average of pict s aenth cesuel centert
as ¿ iriind wii: d
Te: aproximtely 1083 to Mer 95.
BONCT essared thet
• is on investigator with the U.S. Air force, Decause
ünce showed SUbiti T
some crudentials.
Suediti nevised that he believe the recson l
i gave him the
document was so lie (SUBVECT) could leak it to the public. SUBJECT explained that
he took the document to his Security Department at Aerojet ElectroSystens, Azusa,
CA, for their review.
SUEJECT stated that 1
wk never tried to elicit any information
about his job.
In response to questions regarding bankruptcy, SUBJECT reported that he filed for
bankruptcy in approximately 1974 in Los Angeles, CA. SUBJECT described his current
linaticial
situation as yoed and reported no adverse credit or delinquent accounts
since his bankrupicy.
ECi explained that do geceived psychiatric trounent at ith, Pasadena, CA. in
approximately 1969.
Subdeir voluntarily advised that he had a nervous breakdown in
approximately 1909 and was irraled as an cutpatient al Lili for about ihreee inonths
by a Dr. Nash. SUBJECT also reported that he received psychiatric care as an in-
patient for a couple of weets in approximately 1970 at Norwalk, CA.
SUBALCT could
not recall the name of ihe facility at Norwalk, CA. SUBJECT provided medical releases
for lit.
(SA NAVAL AND WRITER)
On 11 Apr 86, SUBJili was reinterviewed regarding
developed medical treatment
and lo oscertain
the aúsiress of CUS, Pasadena, CA.
SUB LCi staled that ne soughu
medical treatment at CCS approximately 1969 but could not recall the physician's
2

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1129, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TELEPHONE OR VERBAL CONYERSATION RECORD
For uno of thie form, ano AR 340-15: the proponent agency la The Adjurant Goneral'a Ollica.
JECT OF CONVERIATION
86139-DK1-3414-1WI
INCOMING CALL
V6020
DATE
23 HAY 1986
PERGON CALLING
Sue Nelson
PERSON CALLID
Valerie I. Gray
PERSON CALLING
TOMONE NUMBER ANO LITENSION
OFFICE
Tean K
OUTGOING CALL
OPPiSE
PHONE MUMBCA ANO EXTEMSION
391
AMONE HUMEER INO EXTENSION
PERSON CALLIO
ADORESS
ÍPHONI NUMBIM AND EXTENSION
SUMUARY OF CONVERSATIOA
May 23-1030- Notify Ms. Nelson when case is closing. Subject has
made inquiry for his file through Freedom of Information Act.
Ms. Nelson advises that enclosed IS and S documents that show they
have been declassified ray not have been declassified by a proper
authority. She will advise after checking with her secutity people
at headquarters whether handling of this case need be revised.
July 8-1145- Ray Sigh (phonetic) Jor Barbara Knox, VO120, Inquired
for status of case. Advised him of leads pending and Ms. Nelson's
interest. He will contact the offices directly to determine the
status of the work.
REPLACES COITION OF I FRE HUHICH FILL BE USIO.
