{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:07:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 809399, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124036-disclosure-news-programming-dr-steven-greer-information-for-witnesses.pdf", "source_sha256": "b8ca07a4191955795690f76516587d31ba0f6ac0ac1a07bccaa625feb2e75e62"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 2040, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCLOSURE NEWS PROGRAMMING
Witness Archive Project
Dr. Steven M. Greer, Director
Information for Witnesses
Background
Since 1993, my team from the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence (SETI) has identified hundreds of government, military,
intelligence and corporate witnesses to projects and events related to
unidentified flying objects (UFOs), extraterrestrial intelligence (ETI) and
associated technologies. Witnesses have come forward from around the
world.
From 1993-2000, we systematically presented briefings and substantive
evidence to both United States and international leaders. In America, these
briefings have included a Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA),
members of the Joint Staff, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency
(DIA), numerous members of Congress, senior United Nations officials and
others. Briefing materials have been presented to President Clinton through a
number of channels. Witness testimony from individuals holding Top Secret
clearances, government documents and other evidence were presented at the
briefings.
Starting with a meeting at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in the fall of 1993,
and later with CIA Director James Woolsey, we have consistently requested a
near-term government disclosure on the subject of UFOs and ETI
In 1998, after exhaustive attempts to obtain government cooperation in
initiating such a disclosure, it became clear that a civilian-led effort was
necessary. Indeed, members of Congress, senior military officers and other
officials specifically recommended that we pursue this measure outside of
government channels since a civilian-led, public interest disclosure would be
the only way to secure official hearings and other government actions. For
the last two years we have been organizing for this event. By June, 2000, the
necessary structure and funding were in place to initiate the project, and we
announced the launching of Disclosure News Programming (DNP), an
investigative news organization spearheading the operation.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2313, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disclosure
The goals of this project are to:
- Effect a credible, international disclosure of the facts.
- Establish the subject as real, legitimate and relevant.
- Return management of issues related to UFOs/ETI to democratic, legal and
constitutional control.
- Restore congressional and public oversight of unacknowledged ("black")
projects currently operating beyond constitutional authority.
- Prevent the unnecessary weaponization of space and its attendant world
security risks.
- Release technologies related to energy and propulsion systems which could
replace environmentally damaging and unsustainable fossil and nuclear
energy sources.
The Role of Witnesses
An effective disclosure must involve credible government, military,
corporate, and intelligence witnesses from around the globe who:
- Have first-hand knowledge of events, projects and/ or evidence directly
related to the UFO/ETI question.
- Are organized into a coalition or group which will come forward en masse
as part of a carefully-planned, long term disclosure strategy.
Although supporting evidence such as photos and video footage,
government documents and physical evidence are important, it is the witness
testimony which is the crux of disclosure and will assure its success.
Combined with the other evidence, testimony from a host of highly credible
individuals will make an undeniable case to mainstream political leaders,
scientists, and the public. Past disclosures by isolated witnesses have not been
effective because they were not part of a strategic plan or supported by other
corroborating witnesses. Multiple, coordinated witnesses coming forward
together will create a dynamic far exceeding these previous attempts. This
nified effort will provide security, strength and enhanced credibility to th
lisclosure that will be greater than the sum of its part
The Witness Archive Project
The archive is designed to identify, verify and document testimony from
hundreds of government, military, intelligence and corporate witnesses. This
archive will be used to:
- Support the creation of an international, multi-media news project
informing the public world-wide of the subject's legitimacy.
- Support the creation of executive briefing materials for leaders and for
public education.
- Preserve the testimony for posterity.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2506, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Once a prospective witness is identified, either I or a Senior DNP Researcher
will contact him or her. A preliminary history and report will be collected
from initial interviews which will be kept in the project data base. Selected,
pre-screened witnesses will then be scheduled for a formal interview using
state-of-the-art video and audio recording equipment. Once all witnesses are
interviewed, the archive will be reviewed and selections will be made for the
Executive Briefing Summary and other projects described above.
Witnesses will be directed to avoid media or public exposure of their
information until news conferences and media arrangements are finalized. In
order to ensure strategic long-range effectiveness of the disclosure process, the
dissemination of witness testimony will be undertaken as a coordinated, high
profile mass release. Preemptive release of individual stories would be
counter-productive.
Security
Information provided to DNP by witnesses will be kept confidential, only to
be released if the witness has provided authorization and has agreed to come
forward with us as part of the coordinated disclosure. It should be noted that
the project has substantial support within various social, political, military
and intelligence circles. By identifying with the project and joining with
others, an umbrella of protection is extended to the witnesses. All interview
materials are being duplicated multiple times, placed in secure storage, and
put into the hands of influential individuals thus negating any attempt to
muzzle the project.
Please notify me immediately of any harassment or threats to a prospective
witness. Should such events occur, appropriate action will be taken.
Unless Otherwise Directed (UNODIR) Letter
In November 1996, we sent a letter to all key political, national security,
military and intelligence officials in the United States regarding the invalidity
of any national security oaths related to the subject (see attached). This
UNODIR letter states that, since projects related to the subject are
unacknowledged, "black," unlawful and unconstitutional, all legal
agreements arising therefrom are, a priori, null and void. No corrective
action or directive was ever issued to counter this assertion by us. Therefore,
we regard such security oaths as null and void, without legal merit and
witnesses should act accordingly. This position is highlighted by the fact that
senior Pentagon officials urged us in 1997 to publicly effect this disclosure.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1066, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conclusion
The witnesses who have already joined this effort consider it their patriotic
duty to uphold and protect the constitution by coming forward. In light of the
unlawful and dangerous nature of unacknowledged special access projects
related to this subject, and the right of the world's citizens to be informed as
to the UFO/ETI reality, we believe that this disclosure is morally justified.
Continued secrecy is a threat to democracy and a danger to world security and
the environment. The conscience of each witness should be clear that he or
she is doing the right and just thing by coming forward.
I believe that our way of life will be profoundly affected by the success of this
project.. You, as a witness to events or projects related to UFOs/ ETI, have a
tremendous contribution to make to our collective future. No witness is
nsignificant since the big picture is created only by careful assembly of eac
iece of the mosaic. The time has come to join together and to tell the trut
about this critically important subject.
Contact:
Steven M. Greer, MD
