{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:54:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 887989, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124081-clifford-stone-how-to-view-an-mj-12-document-may-15-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "88e9190ce37b3c037111e1f779c2ec8c7f365bd002f6106accfcfbf999faba51"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2060, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOV-2B-00 4:42PM;
PAGE 1/3
Date:
• Reply.
lAt 08:44 PM 05/16/2000 PDT, YOU
>To nake It earler:
›Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotrail at http///www.hotma
Hi again
opened the docond mail and looked over the IKo, just got
our second and lockad at that URL as vel1. Let'& plumb the Mi-I2 doca-..: .
Cliff toll stanton how to "view" a doc, He told stanton exaotly what to look
for with respect to an authentie doc. Remember, CIlff was a clerk-typiat and
viewed these type of docs for 22 yearn. There are marks and stampa that docs
require to ba legit. Outaide those marks, on what looks to be, and may in
fact be a gor doo, no rule of law will apply for treason. That in a nut
shell, is the long and the short of It. Read that again the treason part) .
being highly duplicitous,
it is no note surprising than Clinton's, "I
did not have dexual relations with that woman."
With respect to the laat URt you sent ne, take a look at the date the docs
surfaced, 1978. The deception program was started in 1977.
I had talked with dl1ff with reapect to what an authentia doc looked 11ke.
This, after I asked him about MJ-12. Is started to tell me what real doca
required. He stopped short of telling me they were fake at that time.
Howaver, Cliff has atated as of late, that he is about to, "turn it
notch, " with respeat to higher levels of disclosure.
Be has beer angry as of late. Angry at the way the government has lead
reearchera around by the rose. Angry that the researchers are in-fighting
over things that ate simply a red-harring. He wants to expose what is an
Officially Sanctioned Deception Program.
Ay fat as the paper, Cliff says the goverrment has reans of old stock. It is
used for guon projecta, Moreover, they maintali old nachines to produce
•thene doos, Remenbai, with the morey and minds that, that money can by;. it
would be child'g-play to produce legit looking dacs. So much a0, tnat they
could fool an excellent regearoher such as Stan Frisdman.
In fact, It is because Stanton is so dogged that they knew he would find the
XXXXX
XxxXX
-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2526, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
гPM;
PAGE 2/3
Delete
'SIB
ble that the 1J-12 documents, while on the whole
soner or even a great deal of the authentio,
latoria rexlity of the tro cover-up. 5o they ware printed on old paper
old typewriters s
That if not' only gone of the information thay
contain is true,
¡but ¿ll of It? Are there any alternative historical
why has to much of the information they contain been verified by.
›independent reserchers.
. Hello
Ixcellent question Indeed.
00 v
partier cruths throughout such material. Thera is no doubt that the
Iwinining meno was legit as were/are other pieces of information contained
within the MJ-12 naterial. Even Stanton Friedman acknowledged that some of
che documents were bogua, lith that acknowledgment in mino, the logical
xtension of query should rightly have been: "why?" From ny perapective,
Ihis is one of the most compelling questions. One possible explanation to
such a question might be: The cat will be out of the bag soon, therefore it
18 in the interest of the powers that be to acclimatize the general!
population with the possibility that the government knows about this, and
has known about this, for a long time. Moreover, much of the population 1s
content, and even takes confort in the fact, that "their goverrment has a
handle on thinga." I don't think I need to expound upon the benefits fot the
government with respect to such a scenario.
one other question I feel compelled to aak is this: why, if this area of
knowledge is ao taboo, did/does the government seemingly corroborate, publio
speculation through/with these docunents? The disinformation aspect of any
clandestine operation -- to my mind -- would be to point everywhere; but to
the truth. Again, I can only conclude that the agenda is, acclimatization.
The reason I conclude acclimatization is as follows:
3) They haye confirned that they (the benevolent group) would indeeg
intercede on our behalf saould such a group openly try to do us haru.
However, they further stated, they would not stay around long enough to take
4) (Although this 18 a
"uncorroborated point, " I feel It worth nentioning.)
Rumor has It, that sometine in the relatively recent past, that a firefight
broke out between aliens and DOD forces within a DOD facility. In the Mexico
511-700
araa, I think.
5) Inia in a hard fact: Cliff confirmed seeing material from a DOD inport of
a bignificant exchange between alien ahips and Defense forces in the Brasil.
axas. They (DOD forces) auttered 808 losses. It la hard to keep the lid on
such things,
...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2224, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SENT BY: STAPLES;
12043382545;
NOV-28-00
4:43PM;
gugby this
charitz that
bE
ake out between a
A139
we ping
of3
Totalibes A I POTEO
Ime com/eglobin. 0958590280214
acea, It think
.:%%
5) This is a hard fact cal!
a significant exchange betiden allen ahipa and belonge forces In the menazi
area. They (DOD forces) suffered. 80% lossed. It in bard to keep the Ild on
such things, 80... " ?
1545912472*
with respect to 1, 3;"and 5, this then sets up"t goonaito that could have
the populace at large, Witness à celesttal-Fire-fight bf aignificant.
proportion in the future: By logical extenzión then, "It would serve the
interests of the powers that be, to start an acclinatization program of, at
least, marginal proportion. should the oat "not" get out of the bag, the
bogus documento can be held up and said to be hoaxed. A nice safety-net,
fallback-position, If you will.
In what I have shared hereln, I verily believe this to be the current agenda
row being played out, Although we are in no eminent danger at this moment,
• the government have/has, feathered their nest in case all hell breaks loose.
And yes, it too, pisses me off to no end!
= Again, echoing the words of Cliff, "It all boils down to
i letting anyone gain the Military high-ground by weans of
"gained through the "field exploitation. of such information." This he says,
" 1s the officlal position Öf the DOD.
"It"s not hard to understand that sadam, with such technology, would unleash
untold suffering and destruction upon his enenies: 5o; I can understand - to
" an extent - their poaltion. Again, with respeot to a notal position, Cliff's
agenda is wanting the govetiment to sinply say they are here. Is feels a
deep moral obligation to his fellow nan, to keep folks from the torment that
seaich for answera which the goverment already has. For others that have
gone through "intensive depriofing," Cliff wants that practice to stopr
fleld personnel baing thraptened sith deaths theikifillez; being
thraztened the sane way. Iron Cliff'a perapeotive, he has a moral obligation
to stop such things.
Instly," from zy persi
activer
know chitt and you.
two people who have "perfegtly oriented" moral
сопраязев.
Be
frtend,
PAGE 3/3
SILI
L Move To Move
(Folder)
