{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:09:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 28, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1366785, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124028-the-secret-government-william-cooper-november-23-1989.pdf", "source_sha256": "ec320429c2fbd788ec8db7a27806c05ecbb1e6451a82acf734ce8735a70c07b0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 292, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
1..
:
THE SECRET GOVERNMENT
The Origin, Identity, and Purpose of MJ-12
By Milton William Cooper
May 23,. 1989
IC) COPYRIGHT 1989 - All rights reserved.
No part of this manuscript may be copied by
any method, electronic, computer, or by any
without written permission of
the author.
-.
--
=

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2954, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
During
the years following World War Il the government of the
United States was confronted with a series of events which
were to change beyond prediction its future and with it the
future of humanity. These events were so incredible that
they defied belief. A stunned President Truman and his top
Military Commanders found themselves virtually impotent after
having just won the most devastating and costly war in
history.
The United States had developed, used, and was the
only nation on earth in possession of the Atomic Bomb which
alone had the potential to destroy any enemy, and even the
Earth itself. At that time the United States had the best
economy, the
most advanced technology, the highest standard
of living, exerted the most influence, and fielded the •
largest and most powerful military forces in history. We can
only imagine the confusion and concern when the informed
elite of the United States Government discovered that an
alien spacecraft piloted by insect-like beings from a totally
incomprehensible culture had crashed in the desert of New
Mexico.
Between January 1947 and December 1952 at least 16 crashed or
downed alien craft, 65 alien bodies, and 1 live alien were
recovered.
An additional alien craft had exploded and
nothing
was recovered from that incident. Of these
incidents, 13 occurred within the borders of the United
States not including the craft which disintegrated in the
Of these 13,'1 was in Arizona, 11 were in New Mexico,
and 1 was in Nevada.
Three occurred in foreign countries.
Of those 1 was in Norway, and the last 2 were in Mexico.
Sightings of UFOS were so numerous that serious investigation
and debunking of each report became impossible utilizing the
existing intelligence assets.
An alien craft was found on February 13, 1948 on a Mesa near
Aztec New Mexico. Another craft was located on March 25,
1948 in
Hart Canyon near Aztec New Mexico. It was 100 feet
in diameter, 'A total of 17 alien bodies were recovered from
those two craft. Of even greater significance was the
discovery of a large number of human body parts stored within
both of these vehicles. A demon had reared its ugly head and
parandia quickly took hold of everyone then "in the know'.
The Secret lid immediately became an Above Top Secret lid and
tighter than that imposed upon the Manhattan Project.
coming years these events were to become the most closely
guarded
secrets in the history of the world.
In the
A special group of
America's top scientists were organized
under the
name Project Sign in December of 1947 to study the
phenomenon. The whole nasty business was contained within
the shroud of secresy. Froject Sign evolved into Project
Grudge in December of 1948.
A low level collection and
disinformation project named Blue Book was formed under
1ó volumes were
to come out of Grudge including the
controversial "Grudge 13" which I and Bill English saw, read, d
and revealed
to the public.
"Blue Teams" were put together

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2882, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to recover the crashed discs and dead or alive aliens.
The
Blue Teams were later to evolve into Alpha Teams under
Froject Pounce.
During these early years the United States Air Force and the
Central Intelligence Agency exercised complete control over
the Alien Secret.
In fact the CIA was formed by Presidential
Executive Druer first as the Central Intelligence Group for
the express purpose of dealing with the alien presence.
Later the National Security Act was passed establishing it as
the Central Intelligence Agency. The National Security
Council was
established to oversee the intelligence
community
and especially
the alien endeavor. A series of National
Security Council Memos and Executive Orders removed the CIA
from the sole task of
gathering
foreign intelligence and
slowly but thoroughly 'legalized' direct action in the form
of covert activities at home and abroad.
On December 9, 1947 Truman approved issuance of NSC-4,
entitled "Coordination of Foreign Intelligence Information
Measures" at the urging of Secretaries Marshall, Forrestal,
Patterson, and the director of the State Department's Folicy
Planning
Staff, Kennan.
The Foreign and Military Intelligence, Book 1, "Final Report
of the Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with
Respect to Intelligence Activities." United States Senate,
94th Congress, 2nd
Session, Report No.. 94-755, April 26,
1976, p. 49 states:
"This, directive empowered the secretary.
' of state to coordinate overseas information activities
designed to counter communism. A top secret annex to NSC-4,
NSC-4A, instructed the director of Central Intelligence to
undertake covert psychological activities in pursuit of the
aims set forth in NSC-4.
The initial authority given the CIA
for covert operations under NSC-4A did not establish formal
procedures for either coordinating or approving these
operations.
It simply directed the DCI to "undertake covert
actions and to ensure, through liaison with State and
Defense, that the resulting operations were consistent with
American policy."
Later. NSC-10/1 and NSC-10/2 werę to supersede NSC-4 "and NSC-
4A and expand the covert abilities even further.
The Office
of Policy Coordination (OPC) was chartered to carry out an
NSC-10/1 and NSC-10/2
validated illegal and extra-legal practices and procedures as
being agreeable to the national security Leadership.
The
reaction was swift. In the eyes of the intelligence
community "no holds were barred". Under NSC-10/1 an
Executive Coordination Group, was established to review, but
not approve, covert project proposals.
The ECG was secretly
tasked to coordinate
the alien projects. NSC-10/1 & /2 were
interpreted to mean that no one at the top wanted to know
about anything until it was over and successful. These
actions established a buffer between the President and the
information.
It was intended that this buffer serve as a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 2905, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
means for the President to deny knowledge if leaks divulged
the true state of affairs.
This buffer was used in later
years for the purpose of effectively isolating succeeding
Fresidents from any knowledge of the alien presence other
than what the Secret Government and the intelligence
community wanted them to know.
NSC-10/2 established a study
panel which met secretly and was made up of the scientific
minds of the day. The study panel was NOT called MJ-12.
Another NSC memo, NSC-10/5 further outlined the duties of the
study panel-
these NSC memos and secret Executive Orders set
the stage for the creation of MJ-12 only 4 years later.
Secretary of Defense James Forrestal began to object to the
secrecy.
He was a very idealistic and religious man who
believed that the public should be told. When he began to
talk to leaders of the opposition party and leaders of the
Congress about the alien problem he was asked to resign by
Truman. He expressed his fears to many people and rightfully
believed that he was being watched. This was interpreted by
those who were ignorant of the facts as paranoia. Forrestal
later was said to have suffered, a mental breakdown and was
admitted to Bethesda Naval Hospital.
In fact it was feared
that Forrestal would begin to talk again and he had to be
isolated
and discredited. Sometime in the early morning of
May 22, 1949 agents of the CIA tied a sheet around his neck,
fastened the other
• end to a fixture in his room and threw
James Forrestal out the window.
The sheet tore and he
plummeted to his
death. He became one of the first victims
of the cover-up.
The live alien that had been taken from the 1949 Roswell
crash was named EBE.
The name had been suggested by Dr.
Vannever Bush and was short for Extraterrestrial Biological
Entity.
NEBE had
a tendency to lie and for over a year would
give only the desired answer to questions asked. Those
questions which would have resulted in an undesirable answer
went unanswered. At some point during the second year of
captivity he began to open up and the information derived
from EBE was startling to say the least. This compilation of
his revelations became the foundation of what would later be
called the "Yellow Book".
Fhotographs were taken of EBE
which, among others, I and Bill English were to view years
later
in GRUDGE 13.
In late 1951 EBE became ill. Medical personnel had been
unable to determine the cause of EBE's illness and had no
background from which to draw. EBE's system was chlorophyll
and he processed food into energy much the same as
Waste material was excreted the same as plants.
was decided that an expert in botany was called for.
botanist, Dr. Guillermo Mendoza, was brought in to try and
help him
: recover. Dr. Mendoza worked to save EBE until until
mid 1952 when EBE died. Dr. Mendoza became the expert on
alien biology.
•In a futile attempt to save EBE and to gain favor with this
=

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 3026, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
technologically superior alien race the United States began
broadcasting a call for help early in 1952 into the vast
regions of space.
The call went unanswered but the project
continued as an effort of good faith.
President Truman created the super secret National Security
Agency by secret Executive Order on November 4, 1952.
Its
primary purpose was to decipher the alien communications and
language and establish a dialog with the aliens.
This most
urgent task was a continuation of the earlier effort and was
code named SIGMA. The secondary purpose of the NSA was to
monitor all communications and emissions from any and all
devices worldwide for the purpose of gathering intelligence,
both human and
alien, and to contain the secret of the alien
presence.
Project Sigma was successful. The NSA also
maintains communications with the Luna base and other Secret
Space Programs. By Executive Order The NSA is exempt from
all laws which do not specifically name the NSA in the text
of the law as being subject to that law.
That means that if
the agency is not spelled out in the text of any and every
law passed by the Congress it is not subject to that or those
laws.
The NSA now performs many other duties and in
fact is
the premier agency within the intelligence community. Today
the NSA receives 73% of the moneys allotted to the
intelligence community.
The old saying "where the money goes
therein the power resides is true. The DCI today is a
figurehead maintained as a public ruse.
The primary task of
the NSA is still alien communications but now includes other
Alien projects as well.
President Truman had been
keeping our allies, including, the
Soviet Union, informed of the developing alien problem since
the Roswell recovery.
This had been done
. In case the aliens
turned out
to be a threat to the human race. Plans were
formulated to defend the Earth in case of invasion. Great
difficulty was encountered in maintaining international
secrecy.
It was decided that an outside group was necessary
to coordinate and control international efforts in order to
hide the secreț from the normal scrutiny of governments by
the press.
The result was the formation of a secret society
which became known as the "Bilderburgers".
The headquarters
of this group is Geneva, Switzerland.
The Bilderburgers
evolved into a secret world government that now controls
everything.
The United Nations was then, and is now, an
international joke.
In 1955 a new president occupied the White House.., He was a.
man used to a
structured staff organization with a chain of
command,
His method was to delegate authority and rule by
committee.
He made major decisions but only when his
advisors were unable to come to consensus.
His normal method
was to read through or listen to several
alternatives and
then approve one.
Those who worked closely with him have
stated
that hig
tavorite comment was,
"just do whatever it
takes". He spent a lot of time on the golf course. This was
not at all unusual for a man who had been career Army with
=

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2789, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the ultimate position of Supreme Allied Commander during the
A post which carried 5 stars along with it.
This
President was General of the Army Dwight David Eisenhower.
During his first year in office, 1953, at least 10 more
crashed discs were recovered along with 26 dead
and 4 live
aliens.
the 10, 4 were found in Arizona, 2 in Texas, 1 in
New Mexico, 1 in Louisiana, 1 in Montana, and 1
in South
Africa. There were hundreds of sightings.
Eisenhower knew that he had to wrestle and beat the alien
problem.
He knew that he could not do it by revealing the
secret to the Congress.
Early in 1953 the new President
turned to his friend and fellow member of the Council on
Foreign Relations Nelson Rockefeller for help with the alien
problem. Eisenhower and Rockefeller began planning the
secret
structure of alien
task supervision which was to
become a reality within 1 year. The idea for MJ-12 was thus
born.
It was Nelson's Unele Winthrop Aldrich who had been
crucial in convincing Eisenhower to run for President. The
whole Rockefeller family and with them the Rockefeller empire
had solidly backed Ike.
alien problem was to be the biggest mistake Eisenhower ever
made for the future of the United States and most probably
all of humanity.
Within 1 week of Eisenhower's election he had appointed
Nelson Rockefeller chairman of a Presidential Auvisory
Committee on Government Organization.
Rockefeller was
responsible for planning the reorganization of the
government- New Deal programs went into 1 single Cabinet
position called the Department of Health, Education, and
Welfare. When the Congress approved the new Cabinet position
in April of 1953, Nelson was named to the post of
Undersecretary to Oveta Culp Hobby.
In 1953 Astronomers discovered large objects in space which
were moving toward the Earth.
It was first believed that"
they were asteroids. Later evidence proved that the objects"
could only be Spaceships.
Project Sigma intercepted alien
radio communications.
When the objects reached the Earth . *
they took up a very high orbit around the Equator.
were several huge ships, and
their actual intent was unknown.
Project Sigma, and a new project, Plato, through radio
communications using
• the computer binary language, was able"
to arrange a landing that resulted in face to face contact
with alien beings from another planet.
Project Plato was
tasked with establishing diplomatic relations with this race
of space aliens.
In the meantime a race of human looking aliens contacted the
U.S. Government. This alien group warned us against the
aliens that were orbiting the Equator and offered to help us
with our spiritual development.
They demanded that we
dismantle and destroy our nuclear weapons as the major
condition. They refused to exchange technology citing that
=

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3049, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we were spiritually unable to handle the technology which we
then possessed.
They believed that we would use any new
technology to destroy each other.
This race stated that we
were on a path of self destruction and we must stop killing
each other, stop polluting the Earth, stop raping the Earth's
natural resources, and learn to live in harmony.
These terms
were met with extreme suspicion, especially the major
condition of nuclear disarmament, It was believed
• that
meeting
that condition
would leave us helpless in the face of
an obvious alien threat. We also had nothing in history to
help with the decision.
Nuclear disarmament was not
considered to be within the best interest.of the United
States.
The overtures were rejected.
Later in 1954 the race of large nosed Gray Aliens which had
been orbiting the Earth landed at Holloman Air Force Base. A
basic agreement was reached.
This race identified themselves
as originating from a Planet around a red star in the
Constellation of Orion which we called Betelgeuse. They
stated
that their planet was dying and that at some unknown
future time they would no longer be able to survive there.
This led to a second landing at Edwards Air Force Base.
The
historical event had been planned in advance and details of
the treaty had been agreed upon. Eisenhower arranged to be
On the appointed day the
President was spirited away to the base and the excuse was
given to the press that he was visiting a dentist.
President Eisenhower met with the aliens and a formal treaty
between the Alien Nation and the United States of America was
signed.
We then received
our first Alien Ambassador from
outer
space. His name
and title was His
, "Omnipotent Highness
Krlll", pronounced Krill. In the American tradition of
distain for royal titles he was secretely called "Original
Hostage Krill".
You should know that the Alien flag is known
as the "Trilateral Insignia".
1t 15 displayed on their cratt
and worn on
their uniforms.
Both of these landings and the
second meeting were filmed. The films exist today.
The treaty stated:
The aliens would not interfere in our
affairs and we would not interfere in theirs.
We would keep
their presence on earth a secret. They would furnish us with
advanced technology and would help us in our technological
development.
They would not make any treaty with any other
earth nation. They could abduct humans on a limited and
periodic basis for the purpose of medical examination and
monitoring of our development with the stipulation that the
humans would not be harmed, would be returned to their point
of abduction, that the humans would have no memory of the
eventy
and that the Alien nation would furnish MJ-12 with
list of all human contacts and abductees on a regularly
scheduled basis.
It was
agreed that each nation would
receive the Ambassador of the other for as long as the treaty
remained in force.
It was further agreed that the Alien
nation and the United States would exchange 16 personnel each
to the other with the purpose of learning, each of the other.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 2989, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- •
The Alien "Guests" would remain on earth and the human
"Guests" would travel to the Alien point of origin for a
specified period of time then return, at which point a
reverse exchange would be made. It was also agreed that
bases would be constructed underground for the use of the
Alien nation and that 2 bases would be constructed for the
joint use of
the Alien nation and the United States
Government. Exchange of technology would take place in the
jointly occupied bases. These Alien bases would be
constructed under Indian reservations in the 4 corners of
Utah, Colorado, 'New Mexico, Arizona, and 1 would be
constructed in Nevada in the area known as S-4 located
approximately 7 miles south of the western border of Area 51,
known as Dreamland.
All alien areas are under complete
control of the Naval Department and all personnel who work in
these complexes receive their checks from the Navy.
Construction of the bases began immediately but progress was
slow until large amounts of money were made available in
1957.. Work continued on the "Yellow Book"
Froject REDLIGHT was formed and experimentation in test•
flying alien craft was begun in earnest. A super TOF SECRET
facility was built at Groom Lake in Nevada in the midst of
weapons test range. It was code named DREAMLAND.
installation was placed under the Department of the Navy and
clearance of all personnel required a "Q" clearance as well
as Executive (Presidential) approval.
This is ironie due to
the fact that the President of the United
States does
have clearance to visit the site. The alien base and
exchange of technology actually took place in an Area known
as 5-4.
Area 5-4 was code named "The Dark Side of the Moon",
The Army was tasked to form a super secret organization to "
furnish security for all alien tasked projects. This
organization became
the National Reconnaissance Organization
based
at Fort Carson, Colorado.
The specifig teams trained
to secure the
projects were called Delta.
A second project code named SNOWBIRD was promulgated to
explain away any sightings of the REDLIGHT crafts as being *
Air Force experiments.
The SNOWBIRD crafts were manufactured
using conventional technology and were flown for the press on
several occasions. Project SNOWBIRD was also used to debunk
legitimate public sightings of alien craft (UFOS). Project=
SNOWBIRD was very successful and reports from the public .*
declined steadily until recent years.
A multimillion-dollar SECRET fund was organized and kept by
the Military Office of the White House.
This fund was used
to build over 75 deep underground facilities. Presidents who
asked were told the fund was used to build Deep Underground.
Shelters for the President in case of war. Only a few were.
built for the Fresident.
Millions of dollars were funnelled
through this office to MJ-12 and then out to the contractorg
=
and was used to build TOP SECRET alien bases as well as TOF
SECRET DUMB (Deep Underground Military Bases), and the
undergroune i car

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 2849, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
facilities promulgated by "Alternative 2", throughout the
nation. President Johnson used this fund
to build a movie
theater and pave
the road on his ranch. He had no idea of
its true purpose.
The secret White House. underground construction fund was set
up in 1957 by President Eisenhower.
The funding was obtained
from Congress under the guise of
"construction and
maintenance of secret sites where the President could be
taken in case of military attack: Presidential Emergency
Sites". The sites are literally holes in the ground, deep
enough to withstand a nuclear blast and are outfitted with
state of the art communications equipment.
To date there are'
more
than seventy-five sites spread around the country which
were
built using money from this fund.
Commission has built at least an additional 22 underground
sites.
The location and everything to do with these sitesiwere and
are considered and treated as TOP SECRET.
The money was and
is in control of the Military Office of the White House, and
was and is laundered through a circuitous web that even the
most knowledgeable spy or accountant can not follow.
As oT
1980 only a few at the beginning and end of this web knew
what the money was for. At the beginning were Representative
George Mahon, of Texas, the chairman of the House
Appropriations Committee and of its Defense Subcommittee; and
Representative Robert Sikes, of Florida, Chairman of tne
house Appropriations Military, Construction Subcommittee.
Today it is rumored that House Speaker Jim Wright controls
the money in Congress and that a power struggle ig underway
to remove him.
At the end of the line were the President,
MJ-12, the director of the Military Office and a commander at
the Washington Navy Yard.
É r
The money was authorized by the Appropriations Committee who
allocated it to the Department of Defense as a TOP SECRET
item in the Army construction program.
could not spend it and in fact did not even know what it was
for.
Authorization to spend the money was in reality given
to the Navy.
The money was channeled to the Chesapeake
Division of the Navy Engineers who did not know what it was
for either. Not even the Commanding Officer, who was an
Admiral, knew what the fund was to be used for.
man, a Navy Commander, who
Division but in reality was responsible only to the Military
Office of the White House knew of the actual purpose, amount,
and ultimate destination of the TOP SECRET fund.
The total
secrecy surrounding the fund meant that almost every trace of
it could be
made to disappear by the very few people who
controlled it.
There has never been and most likely never
will be an' audit of this secret money.
Large amounts of money were transierred from the TOP SECRET;*
fund to a location at Palm Beach, Florida that belongs to the
Coast Guard called Peanut Island. The island is adjacent to
-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3038, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
property which was owned by Joseph Kennedy. The money was
for landscaping and general
said to have been usedtime ago a TV news special on the i
beautification.
Kennedy assassination told of a Coast Guard Officer
transferring money in a briefcase to a Kennedy employee
across this property line.
Could this have been a secret
payment to the Kennedy family for the loss of their son John
Kennedy? The payments continued through the year 1967
and then stopped.
The total amount transferred is unknown.
and the actual use of the money is unknown.
Meanwhile, Nelson Rockefeller changed positions again. This
time he
was to take C. Do Jackson's old position which had
been called the Special Assistant for Psychological Strategy.
With Nelson's appointment the name was changed to the Special
Assistant for Cold War Strategy.
cold war st
This position would evolve
over the years into the same position Henry Kissinger was
ultimately to hold under President Nixon-
Officially he was
to give "Advice and assistance in the development of
increased understanding and cooperation among all peoples".
The official description was a smoke screen for secretly he
was the Presidential Coordinator for the Intelligence
Community.
In his new post Rockefeller reported directly,
and only, to the President. He attended meetings of the
Cabinet, the Council on Foreign Economic Policy, and the
y council which was the
National Security Council which was the highest policy-making
body in the government.
Nelson Rockefeller was also given a second important job as
the head of the secret unit called the Planning Coordination
Group which was formed under NSC 5412/1 in March of 1955
The group consisted of different ad hoc members depending on
the subject on the agenda.
The basic members were
Rockefeller, A representative of the Department of Defense, A •
representative of
the Department of State, and the Director
of Central Intelligence.
soon called the "5412.
Committee" or the "Special Group".
NSC 5412/1 established. s
the rule
that covert operations were subject to approval by..
an executive committee, whereas in the past these operations.
were initiated solely on the authority of the Director of!.
Central Intelligence. .
By secret Executive Memorandum, NSC 5410, Eisenhower had
preceeded NSC 5412/1 in 1954 to establish a permanent
committee (not ad hoc) to be known as Majority Twelve (MJ-12)
to oversee and conduct all covert activities concerned with.
the alien question.
NSC 5412/1 was created to explain the "*
purpose of these meetings when Congress and the Press became
curious.
Majority Twelve was made up of Nelson Rockefeller,
the Director of Central Intelligence Allen Weish Dulles, the
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles, the Secretary of
Detense Charles E.
Wilson, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs.
of Staff Admiral
Arthur W.
Radford, the Director of
the
Federal Bureau of Investigation J. Edgar Hoover, and six men
=
from the executive committee of the Council on Foreign
Relations known as the
• "Wise
Men". These men were all

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2810, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
members of a secret society of scholars that called
themselves "The Jason Society", or "The Jason Scholars" who
recruited their members from the "Skull and Bones" and the
"Scroll and Key" societies of Harvard and Yale.
The "Wise Men" were key members of the Council on Foreign•.'
Relations. There were 12 members including the first 6 from
Government positions thus Majority Twelve. This group was
made up oyer the years of the top officers and directors of.
the Council on Foreign Relations and later the Trilateral
Commission. Gordon Dean, George Bush and Zbigniew Brzezinski
were among
them. The most important and influential of the
"Wise Men" who served on MJ-12 were John McCloy, Robert
Lovett, Averell Harriman, Charles Bohlen, George Kennan, and
Dean Acheson.
Their policies were to last well into the
decade of the 705.
It is significant that President
Eisenhower as well as the first 6 MJ-1? members from the
Government were also members of the Council on Foreign
Relations.
in to mall
Thorough researchers wilt soon discover that not all of the
"Wise Men" attended Harvard or Yale and not all of them were •
chosen for "Skull and Bones" or "Scroll and Key" membership
during their college years.
You will be able to quickly
clear up this mystery by obtaining the book "The Wise Men" by
Walter Isaacson & Evan thomas, Simon and Schuster, New York.
Under illustration #9 in the center of the book you will find
the caption; "Lovett with the Yale Unit, above far right, and
on the beach: His initiation into Skull
and Bones came at an
air base near Dunkirk".
chosen on an ongoing basis by invitation based upon merit
post college and was not confined to only Harvard or Yale
attendees.
..!
A chosen few were later initiated into the 'Jason Sóciety. *
They are all members of the Council on Foreign Relations 'and
at that time were known as the "Eastern Establishment". This
should give you a clue to the far reaching and serious
nature
of these most secret college societies.
The Jason Society is
alive and well today but now includes members of the
Trilateral Commission as well.
The Trilateralists existed
secretly several years BEFORE 1973. The name of the
Trilateral Commission was taken from the alien flag known as
the Trilateral Insignia.
Majority Twelve was to survive right up to the present day.
Under Eisenhower and Kennedy it was erroniously called the
"5412 Committee" or more correctly the "Special Group".
•In
the Johnson Administration it became the "303 Committee"
because the name 5412 had been compromised in the book "The
Secret Government",
Actually NSC 5412/1 was leaked to the
author to hide the existence of NSC 5410. Under Nixon, Ford,
and Carter it was called the "40 Committee", and under Reagan
it became the "PI-40 Committee", Over all those years only
the nama changed.
-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1924, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By 1955 it became obvious that the aliens had deceived
Eisenhower and had broken the treaty.
Mutilated humans' were
being found along with mutilated animals all across the
United States.
It was suspected that the aliens were not
submitting
a complete list of human contacts and abductees
"to•
MJ-12 and it was suspected that not all abductees had been
returned.
The Soviet Union was suspected of interacting with
them and
this proved to be true. It was learned that the
aliens had been and were then manipulating masses of people
through secret societies, witchcraft, magic, the occult,
and
religion. After several
Air Force combat air engagements
with alien craft it also became apparent that our weapons
were no match against them.
In November of 1955 NSC-5412/2 was issued establishing a
study committee to explore "all factors which are involved in
the making and implementing of foreign policy in the nuclear
age".
This was only a blanket of snow that covered the real
subject of study, the alien question.
By secret Executive Memorandum, NSC 5411 in 1954, President
Eisenhower had commissioned the study group to "examine all
the facts,
evidence, lies, and deception and discover the
truth of the alien question". NSC 5412/2 was only a cover
that had become necessary when the press began inquiring as
to the purpose
of regular meetings of such important men.
The first meetings began in 1954 and were called the Quantico
• meetings because they met at the Quantico Marine Base.
study group was made up of 35 members of the Council on
Foreign Relations' secret scholars known as "The Jason
Society" or "The Jason Scholars".
Dr.
Edward Teller was
invited to participate.
Dr. Ibigniew Brzezinski was-the
Study Director for the first 18 months. Dr. Henry Kissinger
was chosen as the groups Study Director for the second 18
months beginning in November of 1955-
Nelson Rockefeller was
a frequent visitor during the study.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 965, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*++
*=+1
I *4
‡i1.
:
passin i to it.
THE STUDY. *
11 5
1411="4
7I 17gx
Gordon Dean, Chairman ta d
Dr. Zbigniew Erzezinski Stüdy Director' -".
Ist Phase
Dr.
Henry, Kissinger, Study Director, - 2nd Phase
Dr. Edward Teller
Frank Aitschul"
Maj. Gen. Richard C. Lindsay
Hamilton Fish Armstrong
Hanson W. Baldwin
Maj. Gen. James McCormack,.
Jr.
Lioyd v. Berkner
Robert R. Bowie.
Frank C. Nash
MeGeorge Bundy
tusl
Paul H. Nitze
William A. M.
Burden
Charles P. Noyes
John C. Campbell
Frank Pace, Jr.
Thomas K.,
Finletter
James A. Perkins
George S.
Franklin, In.
Don K. Price
I. I. Rabi
David Rockefeller
Roswell Le
Gilpatric
Oscar M. Ruebhausen
N. E: Halaby
Lt. Gen. James M. Gavin
Gen. Walter Bedell
1, Smith
Caryl P. Haskins
Henry Dewolf Smyth
James T. Hill, Jr.
Shields Warren
Joseph E. Johnson
Carroll L Wilson"
4 ot
Mervin J. Kelly
Arnold Wolfers,
ax :
1 + 47,1
•
« EMILIAT
7c1 tri
1 2/0
* Tani
tara ba batters a taste la
* It. E
0E 41
"e a to as
• 7: 1
-
=
• 4t
date

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 476, "chars": 2945, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
....
The second phase meetings were also held at the Marine base
at Quantico Virginia and the group became known as Quantico
II. Nelson Rockefeller built a retreat somewhere in Maryland
which could only be reached by air for MJ-12 and the study
committee so that they could meet away from publie scrutiny.
This secret meeting place is known by the code name "The
Country Club".
Complete living, eating,
recreation, library,
and meeting facilities exist at the location.
The study group was
"publiely" closed in the later months of
1956 and Henry Kissinger published what was officially termed
the results in 1957 as "Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Policy"
by Henry A. Kissinger, Published for the Council on, Foreign
Brothers, New York.
In truth the
manuscript had already been 80% written while Kissinger was
at Harvard. The study group continued veiled in secrecy.
clue to the seriousness Kissinger attached to the study can
be found in statements by his wife and friends. Many of them
stated that Henry would leave home early each morning and
return late each night without speaking to anyone or
responding to anyone.
It seemed as if he were in another
worid
which held no
room for anyone else.
These statements are very revealing. The revelations of the
and actions during the study must have been a
great shock.
Henry Kissinger was definitely out of character
during the
time surrounding these meetings. He would never
again be affected in this manner no matter the seriousness of
any subsequent event.
On many occasions he would work very
late into the night after having already put in a full day-
This behavior eventually led to divorce.
A major finding of the alien study was that the public could •
not be told as it was believed that this would most certainly
lead to economic collapse, collapse of the religious
structure, and national panic which could lead into anarchy.
Secrecy thus continued. An offshoot of this finding was that
if the public could, not be told then the Congress could not
be told, thus funding for the projects and research would
have to come from outside the government.
money was to be obtained from the military budget and from
CIA confidential non-appropriated funds-
Another major finding was the aliens were using humans and
animals for a source of glandular secretions, enzymes,
hormonal secretions,
blood and
in horrible genetic
experiments.
The aliens explained these
actions as necessary
to their survival.
They stated that their genetic structure
had deteriorated
and that they were no longer able to
reproduce.
They stated that if they were unable to improve
their genetic structure their race would soon cease
to exist.
We looked upon their explanations with extreme suspicion.
Since our weapons were literally useless against the aliens
MJ-12 decided to continue friendly diplomatic relations with =
as we were able to develop a technology
which would then enable us to challenge them on a military

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
basis.
Overtures would have to be made to the Soviet Union,
and other nations, to join forces for the survival of
humanity. In the meantime plans were developed to research
and
construct 2 weapons systems using conventional and
nuclear technology which would hopefully bring us to parity.
The results of the research were Projects Joshua and
Excalibur. Joshua was a weapon captured from the Germans
which at that time was capable of shattering 4" thick armor
plate at a range of 2 miles using low aimed low frequency
sound waves, and it was
believed that this weapon would be
Excalibur was a weapon carried by missile not to exceed
than 50 meters,
would penetrate 1,000 meters of tufa hard
packed soil such a that found in New Mexico, would carry a 1
megaton warhead, and was intended for use in destroying the
aliens in their underground bases. Joshua was developed
successfully but never used to my knowledge. Excalibur was
not pushed until recent years and now there is an
unprecedented effort to develop this weapon.
The events at Fatima in the early part of the century were.
scrutinized: On suspicion that it was alien manipulation, an
intelligence operation was put into motion to penetrate the
secrecy surrounding the event. The United States utilized
'its Vatican moles that had been recruited and nurtured during
World War Il and soon obtained the entire Vatican study which
included the prophecy. This prophecy stated that if man did
'not turn from evil and place himself at the feet of Christ
the planet would self destruct and the events described in
the book of Revelations would indeed come to pass.
It stated
that a child would be born who would unite the world with a
plan for world peace and a false religion beginning in 1992.
By 1995 the people would discern that he was evil and was
indeed the Anti-Christ.
Middle East in 1995 with an invasion of Israel by a United
Arab nation using conventional weapons which would culminate
in a nuclear holocaust in the year 1999..
Between 1999 and
2003 most of the life on this planet would suffer horribly
and die as a result. The return of Christ would occur in the
year 2011.
When the aliens were confronted with this finding they
that it was true.
The aliens explained that they
had created us through hybridization and had manipulated the
human race through religion, satanism, witchcraft, magic, and
the occult. They further explained that they were capable of
BEENE
time travel and the events would indeed come to pass. Later
exploitation of alien technology by the United States and the
Soviet. Union utilizing time travel confirmed the prophecy.
The aliens showed a hologram which they claimed was the
actual Crucifixion of Christ, which the Governinent filmed.
We did not know whether to believe them or not., Were they
using our GENUINE religions to manipulate us?
Or, were they
Indeed the source of our religions with which they had been
=

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2947, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:=..
manipulating us all along? Or, was this the beginning
scenario of the Genuine END TIMES and the RETURN OF CHRIST *
which had been predicted in the Bible?
No one knew the
answer.
A Symposium was held in in 1957 which was attended by some of
the great scientific minds then living.
They reached the
conclusion that by or shortly after the year 2,000 the planet
WOULD self destruct due to increased population and mans
exploitation of the environment WITHOUT ANY HELP FROM GOD OR
y or short increased
THE ALIENS.
By secret Executive Order of President Eisenhower, the Jason
Scholars were
ordered to study this
• scenario and make
recommendations from their findings.
The Jason Society
CONFIRMED the
finding of the scientists and made 3
recommendations called "Alternatives 1, Z, and 3".
"Alternative 1" was to use nuclear devices to blast holes in
the Stratosphere from which the heat and pollution could
escape into space. Change the human cultures from that
of
exploitation into cultures of environmental protection.
the three this was decided to be the least likely to succeed
due to the inherent nature of man and the additional damage
the Nuclear explosions would themselvs create.
"Alternative
2" was to build a vast network of underground cities and
tunnels in which a select representation of all cultures and
occupations would survive and carry on the human race. The
rest of humanity would be left to fend for themselves on the
surface of the planet.
"Alternative 3" was to exploit the
alien and conventional technology in order for a select few
to leave the earth and establish colonies in outer space.
am not able to either confirm or deny the existence of "Batch
Consignments" of human slaves which would be used for the
manual labor in
the effort as a part of the plan. The Moong:
code named "Adam", would be the object of primary interest
followed by the planet Mars, code named "Eve".
As a delaying
action, ALL THREE ALTERNATIVES included birth control,
sterilization, and the introduction of deadly microbes
control or slow the growth of the Earth's population. AIDS :
is only ONE result of these plans. There are others.
It was
decided since the population must be reduced and controlled
that it would be in the best interest of the human race to..
rid
ourseives of the undisirable elements of our society..
The joint V.S. and Soviet leadership dismissed "Alternative...
1" but ordered work to begin on Alternative 2 and 3 virtually
atithe same time.
In 1959 the Rand Corporation hosted a Deep Underground
Construction Symposium.
In the Symposium report, machines
are pictured and described which could bore a tunnel 45 feet
in diameter at the rate of 5 feet per hour. It also displays
pictures
of huge tunnels and underground vaults containing
what appear to be complex facilities and possibly even
cities. It appears that the previous 5 years of all out
underground construction had made significant progress by
that time.
=

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3122, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: .
The ruling powers decided that one means of funding the alien
connected and other black projects was to corner the illegal
market.
A young ambitious member of the Council on
Foreign Relations was approached.
His name is George Bush
who at the time was the Fresident and CEO of
Zapata Oil based
in Texas. Zapata Oil was experimenting with the new
technology of offshore drilling.
It was correctly thought
that the drugs could be shipped from South America to the
offshore platforms by fishing boat where it would then be
taken to shore by the normal transportation used for supplies
and personnel. By this method no customs or law enforcement
agency would
subject the cargo to search. George Bush agreed
to help and organized the operation in conjunction with the
CIA.
The plan worked better than anyone had thought and has
since expanded worldwide and there are now many other methods
of bringing the illegal drugs into the country. It must
always be remembered though that George Bush began sale of
drugs to our children. The CIA now controls all the worlds
illegal drug markets.
The "official" Space Frogram was boosted by President Kennedy
in his inaugural address when he mandated that the United
States put a man on the Moon before the end of the decade.
Although innocent in its conception this mandate enabled
those in charge to funnel vast amounts of money into black
projects and conceal the REAL space progran from the American
people. A similar program in the Soviet Union served the
same purpose.
In fact a joint alien, United States, and
Soviet Union base already existed on
the Moon at the very
moment Kennedy spoke the words. On May 22, 1962 a space
probe landed on Mars and confirmed the existence of an
environment which could support life.
Not long afterward the
construction of a colony on the planet Mars began in earnest.
Today cities exist on Mars populated by specially selected
people from different cultures and occupations taken from all
over the Earth.
A public charade of antagonism between the
Soviet Union and the United States has been maintained over
all these years in order to fund projects in the name of
National Defense when in fact we are the closest allies.
At some point Fresident Kennedy discovered portions of the :
truth concerning the drugs and the aliens. He issued an
ultimatum in 1963 to MJ-12. President Kennedy assured them
that if they did not clean up the drug problem he would.
informed MJ-12 that he intended to reveal the presence of
aliens to the American people within the following year and
ordered a plan developed to implement his decision.
President Kennedy was not a member of the Council On Foreign
Relations and knew nothing of "Alternative 2" or "Alternative
Internationally the Operations were supervised by an
Executive Committee known as the "Policy Committee",
United States they were supervised by MJ-12 and in the Soviet
Union by its sister organization.
President Kennedy's
decision struck foar into the hearto of those in chargo.
His E
assassination was ordered by the Policy Committee and the
order was carried out by agents of MJ-12 in Dallas.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2951, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*=.
Fresident John F. Kennedy was murdered by the Secret Service
Agent who drove his car in the motorcade and the act is
plainly visible in the film.
WATCH THE DRIVER AND NOT
KENNEDY WHEN YOU VIEW THE FILM.
All of the witnesses who
were close enough to the car to see William Greer shoot
Kennedy were themselves all murdered within 2 years of the
event. The.
Warren Commission was a farce and Council on
Foreign Relations members made up the majority of its panel.
They succeeded in snowing the American people.
Many other.
patriots who attempted to reveal the alien secret have also
been murdered throughout the intervening years.
During the era of the United States initial Space exploration
and the Moon landings every launch was accompanied by alien
craft. A Moon Base dubbed Luna was sighted and filmed by the
Apollo Astronauts.
Domes, spires, tall round structures
which look like silos, huge "T" shaped mining vehicles which
left stitch-like tracks in the Lunar surface, and extremely
large as well as small alien craft appear in the photographs.
It is a joint United States, Russian, and Alien base.
Space Program is a farce and an unbelievable waste of móney.
Alternative 3 is a reality and is not at all science fiction.
21222
Most of the Apollo
• Astronauts were severely shaken by this
experience and their lives and subsequent statements reflect
the depth of the revelation and the effect of the muzzle
order which followed.
They were' ordered to remain silent ór
suffer the extreme penalty, death, which was termed an
"expediency".
One Astronaut actually did talk to the British
producers of the TV expose "Alternative 3" confirming many of
the allegations.
In the book "Alternative 003" the pseudonym "Bob Grodin" was,
used in place of the Astronaut's identity. It was also
stated that he committed suicide in 1978.
This cannot be """
validated by any source and I believe that several so-called..
facts in the book are really disinformation. I firmly
believe that this disinformation is a result of pressure put.
upon the authors and is mean't to nullify the effect upon the
populace of the British TV expose entitled "Alternative 3"..
The headquarters of the International conspiracy is in
Geneva, Switzerland.
The ruling body is made up of
Representatives of the Governments involved as well as the
Executive members of the group known as "The Bilderburgerg"..
Meetings are held by the "Policy Committee" when necessary on
a Nuclear submarine beneath the Polar ice cap.
is such that this was the only method which would insure that
the
meetings could not be bugged. I can say that the book is
at least 70% true from my own knowledge and the knowledge of
I believe that the disinformation was an attempt
British TV espose with information which
could be proven false, just as the "Eisenhower Briefing
Document" was released here in the United States under the
contingency plan "Majestic twelve", and which can also be
proven false.
=

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3040, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: " •
Since our interaction with the aliens began we have come into
possession of technology beyond our wildest dreams.
A craft
named Aurora exists at Area 51 which makes regular
trips into
It is a one stage ship called a TAV (trans
atmospheric vehicle) and it can take off from the ground
using a 7 mile runway, go into high orbit, return on its own
power, and land on the same runway. We currently have and
fly atonic powered alien type craft at Area 9-7 in Nevada.
Our pilots have made interplanetary voyages in these craft.
and have been to the Moon, Mars, and other planets aboard
these craft.
We have been lied to about the true nature of
the moon, the planets Mars and Venus and the real state of
technology that we possess today at this very moment.
There are areas on the Moon where plant life grows and even
changes color with the seasons.
This seasonal effect is
because the Moon does not, as claimed, always present the
exact same side to the earth or the sun.
There is an area
that wobbles in and out of darkness on a seasonal basis and
it is near this area that the plant life grows.
does have a few man made lakes and ponds upon its surface and
man naza taked and pande an ite
The Moon
clouds have been observed and filmed in its atmosphere.
It
possess a gravitational field and man can walk upon its
surface without a space suit breathing from an oxygen bottle
after undergoing decompression the same as any deep sea
diver.
I have seen the photographs and some of them were
actually published in the book "We Discovered Alien Bases
The Moon" by Fred Steckling.
In 1969 a confrontation broke out between the human
scientists and the aliens at the Dulce underground lab.' The
aliens took many of our scientists hostage. Delta forces
were sent in to free them but were no match against the alien
weapons.
66 of our people were killed during this action.
As a result we withdrew from all joint projects for at least
Z years.
A reconciliation eventually took place
and once
again we began to interact. Today the alliance continues.
When the Watergate scandal broke, President Nixon had
intended to ride out the storm confident that he could not be
impeached. MJ-12, however had a different agenda. The
intelligence community rightfully concluded that an
impeachment trial would open up the files and bare the awful
secrets to the public eye.
Nixon was ordered to resign.
He
refused and so the
first military coup ever to take place in
the United States was promulgated.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff
sent a TOP SECRET message to the Commanders of all the U.S.
armed forces, throughout the world. It stated, "Upon receipt
of this message you will no longer carry out any orders from
the White House. Acknowledge receipt."
This message was
sent a full 5 days before Nixon conceded and announced
publicly that he would resign.
I personally saw this
message. When I asked my commanding officer what he would do =
as obviously the order violated the Constitution, I was told,
"I guess I will wait to see if any orders come from the White

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 2897, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
House and then I will decide". I did not see any
communication from the White House but that does not mean
that non was sent.
During all the years that this has been happening the
Congress and the American people have seemed to know
instinctively that something was not right. When the
Watergate scandal surfaced they jumped on the bandwagon and
everyone thought that the agencies would be cleaned out.
President Ford organized the Rockefeller Commission to do the
job.
At least that is what everyone thought. His real
purpose was to
head off the congress and keep the cover-up
going. Nelson Rockefeller who headed the commission
investigating the intelligence community was
a member of the.
Council on Foreign Relations and was the one who helped
Eisenhower build the MJ-12 power structure. Rockefeller
uncovered only enough to keep the hounds at bay. He threw
the Congress a few bones and the cover-up rolled merrily
along as always..
Later Senator Church would conduct the famous Church
hearings.
He also was a prominent member of the Council on
Foreign Relations and he only repeated the Rockefeller act•
the cover-up prevailed. When Iran Contra came älong we
thought this time it had to come gushing out. Wrong again-
Despite mountains of documents that pointed to drug smuggling
and other hidden monsters, the cover-up sailed through.
The
Congress even seemed to go out of its way to duck the issues
that were just under the surface.
Could it be that Congress
knows the whole thing and won't touch it?
Are they among the
select who have been picked for the Mars colony when the
Earth begins to destruct?
I cannot even begin to outline the entire financial empire
controlled by the CIA, the NSA, and the Council on Foreign
Relations that controls and launders the money from drugs and
other intelligence community proprietary ventures but I can
tell you the little that I know.
The amount of money is:
beyond anything you can imagine and is hidden in a yast
network of banks and holding companies. You should first
begin to look at the J.
Henry Schroder Banking Corporation,
the Schroder Trust Company, Schroders Limited (London),
Helbert Wagg Holdings Limited, J.
Henry Schrader - Wagg &
Co. Limited, Schroder Gerbruder and Company (Germany),
Schroder Munchmeyer Hengst and Company, Castle bank and its =
holding companies,
the Asian Development Bank, and the Nugan
Hand octopus of banks and holding companies.
A contingency plan was formulated by MJ-12 to throw everyone
off the trail should they come close to the truth.
The plan
was known as MAJESTIC TWELVE.
It was implemented with the
release by Moore, Shandera, and Friedman of the purported
genuine "Eisenhower Briefing Document".
The document is a
fraud. The document lists the Executive Örder as #092447. A =
number which does not exist and will not exist for quite a
long
time at the present rate.
Truman wrote Executive Orders

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 2985, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in the 9,000 range, Eisenhower wrote in the 10,000 range,
up to the. 11,000 bracket, and Reagan got only into
the 12,000 numbers.
Executive Orders are numbered
consecutively no matter who occupies the White House for
reasons of continuity, record keeping, and to prevent
confusion.
The Executive Order is only 1 of several fatal
flaws contained within the document. The plan so far has
thrown the entire research community off the trail for
several years and has resulted in the wasted expenditure
money looking for information which does not exist.
resulted in
the total waste of a grant by the Fund For UFO
Research of $16;000 which was given to Stanton friedman to
research the information. Many thousands of man hours have
gone
into looking for a
"red herring". It you doubt the
secret governments ability to run you through the rose garden
you had better think again.
Another contingency plan is in force and is working upon' you
today. It is the plan to prepare the public for eventual
confrontation with an alien race.
The public is being
bombarded with movies, radio, advertising, and tv depicting
almost every aspect of the true nature of the alien presence.
This includes the good and the bad. Look around and pay
The aliens are planning to make their presence
known and the government is preparing you for it so that
there wili be no panic.
The worst contingency plan has also been implemented and is
at work right now.
For many years now they have been
, importing drugs and selling them to the people and mainly the
poor
and the minorities. Social Welfare programs were put
into place to create a dependent non-working element of our
society.
They then began to remove the social welfare
programs in order to develop a large criminal class that did
not exist in the 50s and
early 60s.
They encouraged the
manufacture and importation of deadly military firearms for
the criminal element to use.
This was intended to foster a
feeling of insecurity which would lead the American people to
voluntarily disarm themselves by passing laws against
'firearms. Incidents were to be staged to speed up the
process.
By using drugs and hypnosis in a process called
Orion on mental patients the CIA inculcated the desire in
these people to open fire on school yards and thus inflame
the anti-gun lobby.
This plan is well underway and so
far is
working exactly as planned. This plan must not succeed.
Due to the wave of crime sweeping the nation they will
convince the American people that a state of anarchy exists
within the major cities.
They are now building their case
almost nightly on tv and daily in the newspapers.
When
public opinion has been won over to this idea they intend to
state that a terrorist group armed with a nuclear weapon has
entered the United States and that they plan to
detonate this
davice in one of our cities.
Thø governmant will then
suspend the Constitution and declare Martial Law. The secret
alien army of implanted humans and all dissidents, which
=

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2909, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:*..
translates into anyone they choose, will be rounded up and
will be placed in concentration camps which already exist
throughout the country.
They are each 1 mile square.
Are
the people whom they intend to place in
these concentration
camps destined to make up the reported "batch consignments"
of slave'labor needed by the Space Colonies? The media,
radio, tv, newspapers, and computer networks will be
nationalized and seized.
Anyone who resists will be taken or
killed.
This entire operation was rehearsed by the
government and military in 1984 under the code name REX-84
and it went off without a hitch. When these events have
transpired the SECRET GOVERNMENT and/or ALIEN takeover will
be complete.
Your freedom will never be returned and you
will live in slayery for the remainder of your life.
You had
better wake up and you had better do it now.
Phil Klass is an agent of the CIA and this was stated in the
documents which I saw between 1970 and 1973: One of his jobs
as an aviation expert was to debunk everything to do with
UFUS-
All military commanders were instructed to call him to
gain information
on how to debunk and/or explain UFD contacts
and/or sightings to the public and/or the press if and when
the need
William Moore, Jaimie Shandera, and Stanton Friedman are
either witting (with knowledge) or unwitting (being used
without knowledgel agents of the secret government.
I prefer
to believe that
they are unwitting although William Moore's
reported use of a Defense Investigative Service ID card and
his reported self confession to Lee Graham that he was an
agent of the government makes me seriously doubt it, if the
reports
are true.
Lee Graham called me at my home, and when
asked, he confirmed that Moore had indeed done this.
Stanton Friedman has told me and many others that years ago
he "helped develop a nuclear reactor, to power
an aircraft,.
that was
the size of a basketball, was clean, turned out
hydrogen, and worked like a dream". His words not mine. The
only fuel which could go into such an engine and produce
hydrogen as a by-product is water and that is precisely what
at lease one type of alien craft runs on, nuclear energy and
water.
The only place in the universe at that time to
such
technology was from the aliens.
Is he really unwitting?.
Friedman research team and it was they who implemented
MAJESTIC TWELVE contingency plan.
In the documents which I saw between 1970 and 1973 names of
individuals were listed who were to be targeted for
recruitment in order that the contingency plan known as
MAJESTIC TWELVE could be introduced to the public by persons
known and respected by the public. Bruce Macabee, Stanton
Friedman, and William Moore were among those listed.
I do
not know if the recruitment actually took place or not. I do =
know that the subsequent events do not seem to indicate that
Bruce Macabee is involved but the actions of Stanton Friedman

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2655, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
• r
and William Moore are highly suspect.
I know that all of the
major UFO research organizations were
targeted for infiltration and control by the secret
government just as NICAP was infiltrated and controlled. I
believe that these
efforts have been successful. It is
very possible that the major UFO publications are also
controlled.
• I
Today MJ-12 still exists and operates as just as it always
has.
It is made up of the same structure, 6 from the same
positions in government, and 6 from the Executive members of
the Council On Foreign
Relations and/or the Trilateral
• Commission.
The Majority Agency for Joint Intelligence is
publicly known as The Senior Interagency Group (SIG).
- Coma sto
In closing it is most important to understand that the
Council on Foreign Relations and its offshoot the Trilateral
. Commission not only control but
, nor any
own this country. Long
before World War Il they were instrumental in helping to
decide policy for the United States Government. Since WorId
War Il they have been the ONLY source of policy for the
United States Government. The Council On Foreign Relations,
the Trilateral Commission and their foreign counterparts
report to the Bilderburgers.
Almost every high level
government and military official of any consequence since-
• World War II including Presidents have been members of the
Council on Foreign Relations and/or the Trilateral
Commission. All American members of the Trilateral
Commission
has either been or is a member of the Council on
Foreign Relations.
Each foreign nation of any importançe has its own offshoot of
the Council on Foreign Relations and the members of each
country interact with those of other countries through the
Bilderburgers to further their common goals.
The foreign
members of the Trilateral Commission belong to their
respective organizations. Even a cursory investigation by
the most inexperienced researcher will show that the members
of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral
major corporations,
many other vital interests.
Their members are elected and
appointed because they have all the money and special
interests behind them.
All, that is, except the peoples.
They are undemocratic and do not in any way represent the
majority of the United States of America.
These are the
people who will decide who survives the coming holocaust and
who doés not.
The Bilderburgers, the Council on Foreign Relations and the
Trilateral Commission are THE SECRET GOVERNMENT and rule this
nation through MJ-12 and the study group known as the Jason
Society or Jason Scholars and the top echelon of the
government which consists mostly of their members.
=

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3000, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• .:
Throughout our history the Aliens have manipulated and/or
ruled the human race through various secret societys,
religion, magic, witchcraft, and the occult.
The Council On
Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission are in
complete control of the alien technology and are also in
complete control of the nations economy. Eisenhower was the
last Fresident to know the entire overview of the alien
problem.
Succeeding Presidents were told only what MJ-12 and
the Intelligence Community wanted them to know and believe.
me, it was not the truth.
MJ-12 has presented each new President with a picture of a
lost alien culture seeking
to renew itself, build a home on
this planet, and shower us with gifts of technology.
In some
cases the President was told nothing. Each President in turni
has bought the story, or no story at all, hook, line,
sinker.
Meanwhile innocent people continue to suffer
unspeakable horrors at the hands of the alien and human
scientists who are engaged in barbarous research that would
make even the Nazis look like Sunday school children. As if
that is not enough many people end up as food for the
insatiable alien appetite for biological enzymes, glandulars,
hormonal secretions, and blood.
Many people are abducted
and are sentenced to live with psychological and physical
damage for the rest of their lives. In the documents I saw 1
in 40 humans had been implanted with devices the purpose of
ar in lanted with devices
which I have
never discovered. The government believes that
the aliens are building an army of human implants which can
be activated and turned upon us at will. You should also
KnOw
that to date we have not even began to become close to
parity with the aliens. Is this technology worth it?
I sent 536 copies of a "Petition to Indict" to every member
of the Senate and House of Representatives on April 26, 1989.
As of this date, May 23, 1989, I have only received 2
replies.
One reply was from Senator Daniel P. Moynihan and
the other from Senator Richard 6. Lugar.
Both stated that
they were sending my correspondence to Senator Cranston and
Senator Wilson of California as a normal custom and courtesy.
Both assured me that My Senators will promptly assist me in..
this matter. I have yet to hear from anyone from the State
of California or from any other State for that matter aside
from the two mentioned above.
The conclusions are inescapable.
(1) The secret power structure believes that, because of our
own ignorance or by Divine decree, planet Earth will self
destruct sometime in the near future.
These men sincerely
believe that they are doing
the right thing in their attempt
to save the human race. It is terribly ironic that they have
been forced to take as
their partner an Alien race which is
itself engaged in a monumental struggle for survival.
Many
moral and legal compromises have been made in this joint
effort.
These compromises were made in error and must be
corrected and those responsible should be made to account for
=

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
their actions.
I can understand the fear and urgency that
must have been instrumental in the decision not to tell the
public. Obviously I disagree with this decision.
Throughout
history small but powerful groups of men have consistently
felt that they alone were capable of deciding the fates of
millions and throughout history they have been wrong. This
great Nation owes its very existence to the Frinciples of
Freedom and Democracy. I believe with all my heart that the
United States of America cannot and will not succeed in any
effort that ignores those Principles. Full disclosure to the
public should be made and we should proceed to save the human
race together.
(2) We are being manipulated by a joint human/alien power
structure which will result in the partial enslavement of the
human race.
We must use any and every means available to
prevent this from happening.
.(3) The government has been totally deceived and we are
being manipulated by an alien power which will result in the
total enslavement and/or destruction of the human race.
must use any and every means available to prevent this
from
happening•
(4) Something else is happening which is beyond our ability
to understand at this time.
We must force disclosure of all
• the facts, discover the truth and act upon the truth.
• matter case we MUST force disclosure of the truth or no
what happens we will surely deserve it.
The situation
in which we find ourselves is due to our own actions or
inactions over the last 44 years. It is our own fault and we
are the only ones who can change it. Through ignorance or
misplaced
trust we as a people have abdicated our role as the
"watchdog" of our government. Our government. was founded "of
the people, for the people, by the people". There
was no
mention or intent to ever abdicate our role and place our
total trust in a handful of men who meet secretly and decide
our fate for us.
In fact the structure of our government was
designed to prevent that from ever happening. If we had done
our jobs as citizens this could never have happened. Most of
us are completely ignorant as to even the most basic
functions of our government. We have truiy become a nation
of sheep.
Sheep are always eventually led to slaughter.
is time to stand up in the manner of our forefathers and walk
like men.
I remind you all, that the Jews of Europe marched
obediently to the ovens, after having been warned, believing
all the while that the facts could not possibly be true.
When the outside world was told of the holocaust occurring in
Hitler'
s Europe it was not believed.
I state here and now
that Hitler was manipulated by these same aliens.
I have brought you the truth as I know it.
I do not care
what you think of me.
I have done my duty and no matter what i
fate lies in store for me, I can truly meet my maker with a
clear conscience.
I believe first in God.
The same
God that

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 394, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
my ancestors believed in.
I believe in Jesus Christ and that
he is my Savior.
I believe second in the Constitution of the
United States of America as
it was written and meant to work.
I have given my oath to protect and defend the Constitution
of the United States of America against all enemys foreign
and DOMESTIC. I intend to fullfill that oath.
Thank you,
Willi
cop
Milton William Cooper

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1720, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•'.
BIBLIOGRAPHY
TOP SECRET Grudge/Blue Book Report #13 by Ltcol Friend & Dr.
J. Allen Hynek - Last seen at the Headquarters of the
Commander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet (CINCFACFLT) Hawaii.
TOP SECRET/MAJIC Operation Majority - Presidential briefing
document by MJ-12 - Last seen
at the Headquarters of the
Conmander in Chief of the Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT) Hawaii.
Operation Majority, Final Release by William Cooper - William
Cooper, Fullerton,
California
The John Lear Hypothesis by John A. Lear: - John A.
Lear "Las
Vegas, Nevada
Report on Grudge/Blue Book #13 by Bill English - John Al"
Lear, Las Vegas, Nevada
The Larry Fenwick Interview by Tom Mickus - Tom Mickus;
Canada
*+Y
The Krill Papers, Author unknown - Publisher ' unknown
BRIEFING DOCUMENT: OPERATION MAJESTIC TWELVE, Author unknown
•- Released by the research team of Moore, Shandera, and
•Friedman
' The Puzzle Palace by James Bamford - Houghton Mifflin, Boston
The Wise Men of Foreign Affairs by Robert D. Schulzinger
Columbia
University Press, New York.
The Crimes of Patriots by Jonathan Kwitny - W.W.
'Norton,
N.Y..
The Department of Defense by C. W. Borklund, Frederick a
Praeger, New York
Freedom at Risk, edited by Richard O. Curry " Temple
University Press, Philadelphia
The Armies of Ignorance by William R. Corson - The Dial
Press/James Wade, New York
i was la co di fi
Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Folicy by Henry Kissinger -
Harper & Brothers, New York
Kissinger, Portrait of a Mind by Stephen R. Graubard -" W.W.
Norton & Co., New York
The Agency, The Rise and Decline of the CIA by John Ranelagh
Simon & Schuster, New York
The Rockefellers and American Dynasty by Peter Collier &
David Horowitz - Holt, Rinehart and Winston, New York

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1618, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Breaking
Cover by Bill Gulley with Mary Ellen feese - Simon &
Schuster, New York
Perilous
Statecraft by Michael A. Ledeen - Charles Scribner's
Sons,
New York
The Rockefeller Inheritance by Alvin Moscow - Doubleday & Co,
New York
Imperial Brain. Trust, The Council on Foreign Relations &
United
States Foreign Policy by Laurence H. Shoup & William
Minter - Monthly Review Press, New York
The Wise Men by Walter Isaacson & Evan Thomas - Simon &
• Schuster, New York
Government Involvement in the UFO Cover-up: Chronology by Fea
Research - Pea Research, California
•A•F• International, Calitorni
The Matrix by Valdamar Valerian - Arcturus Book Service
My copy does not have the address or State
Communion by Whitley Strieber - Avon, New York
The UFO Abductors by Brad Steiger - Berkley Books, New York
Extra-Terrestrials Among Us by George C. Andrews - Llewellyn
Fublications, St. Paul Minnesota
A Brief History of Time, From the Big Bang to Black Holes by
Stephen W. Hawkings - Bantam Books, New York .
UFO (Magazine-several issues
since Spring 1988) Edited by .
Vickie Cooper and Sherie Stark-Fublished by California UFD,
• Los Angeles, California
The Crash at Aztec by William Stienman - William Stienman,
La Mirada, California
I have been aided by the personal research of John Lear, t
Linda Howe, Bill English, William Stienman, Paul Sheppard,
Roger Scherrer, Don Ecker,
Tal Levesque, Leonard Stringfield,
, Ron Regehr, sources who must remain unnamed, and many others
who have so freely shared the results of their labor with me.
I extend to you my deepest appreciation and a very warm
friendship. Thank you all:
=
