{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T09:43:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 15521487, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304190527633754, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124040-wormhole-stargates-tunneling-through-the-cosmic-neighborhood-eric-davis-july-2001.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540988460000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124040-wormhole-stargates-tunneling-through-the-cosmic-neighborhood-eric-davis-july-2001.pdf", "source_sha256": "53113ecd21a0482e7518e9986480377cc6d8ff7a6bbcf7c2e8958556920823aa"}

Wormhole-Stargates: Tunneling Through The Cosmic Neighborhood


                                    Ph.D., FBIS
                  N


                             Presented

                                at the

          MUFON 2001international UFO Symposium

                      Hyatt Regency Irvine Hotel

                          Irvine, California

                              July 2001


                                                            1
            Wormhole-Stargates: Tunneling Through The Cosmic Neighborhood

                                                       Ph.D., FBIS
                                   Nationa nst tute or Discovery Science

Abstract
        This paper describes the physical features of traversable wormhole-stargates, which were derived
from classical general relativity, and how they can be created. A summary of the engineering-physics
parameters characterizing wormholes is provided to demonstrate the technical challenges facing
laboratory efforts to create them. A real stargate can be derived from standard wormhole physics and its
features are presented. The characteristics and performances of UFO phenomenon are delineated and a
hypothesis is proposed that these can be understood as manifestations of traversable wormhole -stargate
technology. A recent alternative theory of gravity is also presented, which supports faster-than-light
motion that appears to parallel traversable wormhole and/or warp drive physics. This alternative model
has also been shown to provide a natural explanation for much of the UFO phenomenon.

1.0 Introduction
         It was many years ago when science fiction media (TV, film and novels) began to adopt
traversable wormholes, and more recently "stargates", for interstellar travel schemes that allowed their
heroes and heroines to travel the Cosmic Neighborhood. Little did anyone outside of relativity physics
know but that in 1985 physicist Kip Thome and his students at CalTech had in fact discovered the
principle of traversable wormholes right out of Einstein's General Theory of Relativity (GTR, published
in 1915). Thorne et al. (1,2) did this as an academic exercise, and in the fonn of problems for a physics
final exam, at the request of Carl Sagan who had then completed the draft of his novel Contact. Sagan
wanted to follow the genre of what I call science "faction", whereby the story's plot would rely on
cutting-edge physics concepts to make it more realistic and technically plausible. This little exercise
ended up becoming one of the greatest cottage industries in general relativity physics research - the study
of traversable wormholes and time machines. However, it should be noted that it was Alan C. Holt
(MICA?, VISIT and MUFON member, presently at the NASA-Johnson Space Center) who should
receive credit for being the first to originate in 1979 the physical characteristics defining what he then
called "field resonance spacetime tunneling" (3,4,5,6,7), which is what we now call a wormhole for all
intents and purposes.
         Real stargafes exist in principle; they are merely a form of what are called traversable wormholes,
and they are a form of "propellantless propulsion" or "field propulsion". These are unlike the well-known,
non-traversable Einstein-Rosen Bridges or Schwarzschild wormholes that are formed from collapsed
stellar matter (black holes) or spherically symmetric vacuum regions. Black holes are collapsed stars that
have all their mass concentrated at an infinitesimal point where the induced gravitational field crushes all
matter and spacetime. However, even Einstein-Rosen bridges can be made traversable by an infinitesimal
tweaking of their spacetime metric.
         Wormholes are hyperspace tunnels through spacetime connecting together either remote regions
within our universe or two different universes; they even connect together different dimensions and


                                                                                                          2
different times. Space travelers would enter in one side of the tunnel and exit out the other, passing
through the throat along the way. In the case of black holes, there is the singularity of collapsed matter
that totally blocks the way through the tunnel along with its crushing gravity field. A traversable
wormhole does not have a singularity blocking the tunnel nor any crushing gravity field. Explorers would
enter one side of the tunnel, travel through the throat, and exit out the other side. Traversable wormholes
also do not possess an event horizon, which is a region of high gravitational field strength separating the
inside space surrounding the black hole's singularity from the outside universe. Once you go through a
black hole's event horizon, you can never come back out because you will have to attain greater than light
speed to escape it. Not even light can escape from an event horizon.
          Traversable wormholes are creatures of classical GTR allowing for very comfortable travel
through the Cosmic Neighborhood. But from the viewpoint of modem physics, the Cosmic Neighborhood
can encompass other universes, other space dimensions and other times beyond the 4-dimensional
spacetime we live in. Mankind has certainly not discovered all of the universe's facets, and we will need
to continue to construct new experiments and technology in order to verify or not these undiscovered
facets. Wormholes can possess normal or backwards (in specs] cases) time flow, normal or nonexistent
gravitational stresses on space travelers, and their entry/exit openings (or throats) are spherically shaped,
cubic shaped, polyhedral shaped, or generic shaped, eta A byproduct of wormhole studies has been the
development of wormholes possessing flat entry/exit openings. These are essentially what a true stargate
or flat doorway through spacetime and dimensions would be. UFO phenomenon presents a rich
morphology of characteristics and performances, which provides evidence of spacetime metric
 modification during their manifestations. The craft seen during UFO encounters would likely be
exploiting wormholes in order to intersect with our local space and interact with us, and the intelligence
that controls wormhole t chnology could also use them as a window to peer into and probe our world
without having to send craft through I will not revisit here the age-old debacle over whether or not UFOs
 are real as that is beyond the scope of this paper. The question has been asked and answered: UFOs are
 real. Here I completely exclude the numerous varieties of UFO phenomenon that can be assigned prosaic.
 explanations after rigorous forensic investigation and analysis. In this paper I will address how womthole-
stargates can provide a framework from which some UFO phenomenon can be explained. Wormhole -
stargates could essentially facilitate the manifestation of phenomenon in our world by acting as a doorway
 through which UFOs would visit us from other universes, dimensions or spacetime. I will be approaching
this topic strictly from the basis of Einstein's GTR, since this is the venue from which traversable
 wormholes and warp drive physics were derived. However, I will also discuss alternative theories of
 general relativity that have been recently proposed and how they apply to wormholes.
          It is important to note that the application of wormhole-stargates to the UFO problem does not
 necessarily support the Eli Hypothesis as being the only viable one, Wormholes have the unique property
 of connecting together locations in different universes, different dimensions, and different times as well as
 different space locations (within the same universe). Einstein's GTR does not in any way constrain
 spacetime topology. Therefore, any sufficiently advanced intelligence capable of deploying wormholes
 can do so from near the surface of the Earth while existing in another dimension or another time without
 having to come from another exoplanetary system within our own spacetime. The current ETI Hypothesis


                                                                                                            3
for UFOs is not strange enough to explain the facts of the phenomenon, whereas wormhole manifestations
can. Wormholes are certainly strange and peculiar objects but, locally at least, they do not violate basic
physical principles since the chief result of calculations (section 2.1) is that wormholes are described by
plmicible physics. Warning: There is no experiment that can distinguish between phenomena manifested
by visiting interstellar (arbitrarily advanced) ETI and intelligent entities existing near/on Earth within a
parallel universe or in different dimensions or who are (terrestrial) time travelers (sec also section 3.0). In
either case, the technology exploited by such intelligences would appear to the present human race as
being indistinguishable from magic or perceived god-like powers.
         Why consider wormholes for travel through space, time and other dimensions? All standard space
propulsion engineering is based on Newton's law of mechanics, which is dependent upon the expenditure
of propellant kinetic energy to induce thrust generating momentum transfer on a spacecraft Many
investigators have proposed interstellar propulsion schemes based on a variety of nuclear (fission, fusion
and pulsed) rockets, electric (ion or plasma) rockets, matter-antimatter annihilation rockets, solar or laser
sails, fusion or laser ramjets, interstellar ion scoops, beamed energy propulsion (sails, rockets and
ramjets), etc. Many of these modes have either been experimentally tested at one time or another in our
recent history or remain as theoretical proposals, but all are based on Newtonian mechanics. The limiting
speed of space flight, based on any of these modes, is the speed of light. It important to point out that
for the interstellar travel application, Newtonian rocket propulsion modes suffer from enormous mass
ratios > 105 - 10100 (depending on the specific impulse) for spacecraft cerise velocities > 0.05c (c = speed
of light), if we are to constrain the travel time to within 100 years for a one-way voyage. If we increase
the cruise velocity to sub-relativistic, near-relativistic or even ultra-relativistic speeds, and thus reduce the
one-way travel time, then the mass ratio increases (exponentially!). The mass ratio is the initial spacecraft
mass (payload + structure + propellant) at launch divided by the final spacecraft mass (payload +
structure) at "burnout". The large ratios given above show that Newtonian rockets will consist mostly of
propellant in order to propel a given tiny payload through interstellar space. The specific impulse is a
measure of rocket propulsion system efficiency: how much impulse (thrust multiplied by time) is
produced per unit of mass of propellant expenditure. It is desired that rocket propulsion systems possess a
very high specific impulse in order to reduce the mass ratio, and hence propellant mass requirement, to
reasonable levels.
         The non-traditional propulsion modes (sails, ramjets, beamed power, etc.) have different
efficiencies and constraints, but they are all still dependent upon Newtonian mechanics even though their
mass ratio and specific impulse characteristics are slightly improved over that of the traditional modes.
But all traditional and non-traditional propulsion modes come with a great cost in interstellar voyage
travel time. At non-relativistic and sub-relativistic cruise speeds, it will take explorers several human
lifetimes to reach stellar destinations. At low relativistic to ultra-relativistic cruise speeds, the travel time
will be reduced to hours, days, weeks, months or years. However, at these cruise speeds relativistic time
dilation will kick in and the returning interstellar voyagers will find that decades to thousands of years
have elapsed on Earth since their launch date, their families and their culture no longer exist or are.
unrecognizable. This is an undesirable outcome for any interstellar voyage. Furthermore, traditional
Newtonian propulsion cannot transcend time or spacetime dimensions or universes.


                                                                                                               4
        The cure to this problem is to dispense entirely with long interstellar voyage times or the
undesirable outcome of relativistic time dilation. Explorers could deploy a wormhole-stargate near the
Earth's surface or in Earth orbit or anywhere in the solar system they like, and just pass through the
"stargate" aid come out the other side in remote spacetime within a matter of seconds, moving through
the throat at tiny cruise speeds (30 mph!), and with no time dilation effects. Explorers could travel
through the wormhole -stargates in small scout ships or send probes unencumbered neither by enormous
propellant mass ratios nor by extensive life support provisions. Effective travel time through the Cosmic
Neighborhood via- stargates would become irrelevant, but could be estimated to be many times or
thousands of times light speed. Explorers could spend all day investigating the remote spacetime location,
and then go back through the stargate to return home in time for dinner with their families. If they were to
really push the envelope, then they would design their stargate so that they could return from their voyage
in lime to wave goodbye to themselves as they see themselves depart on their journey. Travelers can even
go further back in time than that in principle. This is no longer recognized in classical GTR physics as a
time paradox issue. It is very easy to build a time machine given a traversable wormhole. But time travel
via wormhole is beyond the scope of this paper. Suffice it to say that classical GTR is seriously infested
with time machines, the theory both allows for and demands time travel in order to preserve self-
consistency of dynamic spacetime solutions.

2.0 The Engineering-Physics Parameters of WormholeStargates
          In this section I will summarize the key physical parameters for engineering stable, traversable
wormholes. Those seeking more exhaustive technical treatment of wormholes should see references 1, 2
and S. Wormholes represent a class of exact metric solutions of Einstein's GTR equation. The solutions
are "exact" in the sense that no niggling approximations requiring a plethora of physical assumptions had
to be made to derive the final result. The solutions are "metric" in the sense that a spacetime metric, a
measure of the infinitesimal distance between two spacetime points, is the geometrical fabric we
mathematically endow our universe with in order to model the dynamics of matter-energy in curved
spacetime. Einstein's GTR equation is the relation between a geometrical term that tells matter-energy
how to move through curved spacetime and a mass-energy term that tells spacetime geometry how to
curve. To define a stable, traversable wormhole one needs to outline the desirable physical characteristics
it is to have in order to achieve the desired interstellar travel benefit. These characteristics then define the
appropriate spaeetime metric geometry that would describe the wormhole. The resulting metric
components are then "plugged into" and "cranked through" the Einstein GTR equation in order to
calculate the resulting spacetime curvature effect the wormhole geometry is to generate. Last, this result is
then equated with the mass-energy part of the GTR equation; this new result will provide the prescription
for the type of mass-energy field that we will need to generate in order to create the wormhole spacetime
geometry.

2.1 The Spacethne Characteristics and Mass-Energy Prescription
    The physical characteristics we desire of our proposed wormhole-stargate are the following:


                                                                                                              5
   (a) Travel time through the wormhole tunnel or throat should be ≤ 1 year as seen by loth the
       travelers and outside static observers
   (b) Proper time as measured by travelers should not be dilated by relativistic effects
   (c) The gravitational acceleration and tidalgravity accelerations between different parts of the
       travelers' body should be ≤ 1 g® (go = Earth gravity) when going through the wormhole
   (d) Travel speed through the tunnel/throat should be < c
   (e) Travelers (made of ordinary matter) must not couple strongly to the material that generates the
       wormhole curvature; the wonnhole must. be threaded by a vacuum tube through which the
         travelers can move
     (f) There is no event horizon at the wormhole throat
     (g) There is no singularity of infinitely collapsed matter-energy residing at the wormhole
         tunnel/throat
These properties plus additional boundary conditions define the time and space components comprising
the spaeetime metric of a spherically symmetric (coordinate space of a 3-dimensional sphere plus time)
traversable wormhole as described in (1), see figure 1. These components contain two freely specifiable
functions, which are used to shape the wormhole and define the mass-energy properties of the material
forming the wormhole — they are called the redshifi function and the shape function. These metric.
components, along with properties (a) - (g), are then cranked through the Einstein GTR equation to define
the properties of the material required to generate the wormhole metric and its corresponding spaeetime
curvature effect. Figure 2 hypothetically shows how the wormhole entry/exit mouths would look in 4
dimensional spacetime. The result is that the energy density of material required to create and thread a
traversable wormhole must be "negative". Negative in the sense that the material we must deploy to
generate and thread the traversable wormhole must have an energy density (pct, p = mass density) that is
less than the stress-energy (r), or we can write this condition as: mass-energy pct ≤ stress-energy t. We
call this material property "exotic". So the term "negative" is just a misnomer in this context.
          The condition for ordinary, non-exotic forms o¤matter that we arc all familiar with is mass-
energy pct > stress-energy r. This represents what is variously called the weak (WEC), null (NEC) or
dominant (DEC) or standard energy conditions (hypotheses!), which allegedly forbid negative mass-
energy and gravitational repulsion (antigravity) between material objects to occur in nature. However,
there are general theorems of differential geometry that guarantee that there must be NEC violations
(meaning exotic matter-energy is present) at a wormhole throat. In view of this, however, it is known that
static radial electric or magnetic fields are borderline exotic when threading a wormhole if their tension
were infinitesimally larger, for a given energy density (9,10). Other exotic (energy condition violating)
matter-energy fields are known to be squeezed states of the electromagnetic field (and other squeezed
quantum fields), Casimir (electromagnetic zero-point) energy and other quantum fields/states/effects..
With respect to creating wormholes, these have the unfortunate reputation of alarming physicists. This is
 unfounded since all the energy condition hypotheses have been experimentally tested in the laboratory
 and experimentally shown to be false - 25 years before their formulation (11). Further investigation of this
technical issue showed that violations of the standard energy conditions are widespread for all forms of
 classical and quantum matter-energy such as planets, stars, black holes, neutron stars, people, space dust


                                                                                                           6
clouds, etc. (12). Violating the energy conditions commits no offense against nature. Traversable
wormholes can be created and stabilized.

2.2 Embedding the Wormhole Geometry in the Surrounding Spacetime Geometry
         A criterion for creating a wormhole is that it must be embedded in the surrounding.
(asymptotically) flat spacetime away from localized concentrations of non-exotic, normal mass-energy.
Visser (13) and Hochberg and Visser (14) demonstrate that it is only the behavior near the wormhole
throat tat is critical to understanding what is going on, and that a generic throat can be defined without
having to make all the symmetry assumptions and without assuming the existence of an asymptotically
flat spacetime to embed the wormhole in. One only needs to know the generic features of the geometry
near the throat in order to guarantee violations of the null energy condition (10) for certain open regions
near the throat.(13), So we are free to place our wormhole anywhere in spacetime we want to because it is
only the geometry and physics near the throat that matters for our analysis.

2.3Wormhole Deeign Parameter#t
         We know that we need "exotic" or "negative" matter-energy to create and thread a wormhole. So
in this regard, we ask what kind of wormholes can one make with less effort? It has been shown (15) that
we can relate the local wormhole geometry to the global topological invariant of the spaeetime via the
Gauss-Bonnet Theorem. In the Gauss-Bonnet Theorem the local wormhole geometry is quantified by the
energy density (U; in geometrodynamic units) threading the wormhole plus a wormhole curvature
constant, while the global topological invariant of the spacetime is quantified by what is called the Euler
Number          The Euler Number is also defined by the genus (g), which is the number of handles or
throats (or tunnels) a wormhole can be assigned, and the definition is:              = 20 — g). Finally, the
wormhole Gauss-Bonnet relation is: U ≤ x0 14 or U ≤ (1 —g)/2. This relation will help us to decide if we
want to build a wormhole with one handle/throat (or tunnel) or two or more, and at. what energy cost this
will incur. The following is the result of our analysis:
         (a)          1-handle/throat (flat torus or spherical wormhole topology) defines g = I         =0,
                     therefore U≤0
         (b)          2-handles/throats defines g = 2              therefore U ≤-1/2
         (c)          3-handles/throats defines g = 3 —> _ -4, therefore U ≤ -1, and so on
It is apparent that as the number of wormhole handles/throats increases then the energy required to create
the multi-handled/thmat wormhole will grow negative-large in value. This is an undesirable demand on
whatever technology we would have to devise to mine negative energy. It is clear that condition (a)
defines the most desirable engineering outcome we can hope for; design a 1-handle/throat wormhole (like.
in Figure 1) that will require zero or (relatively) small negative energy to create.

2.4 Wormhole Design Parameters #2 and 3
        Now we need to calculate the amount of exotic or negative matter-energy our stargate engineers
will have to acquire to create and thread a traversable wormhole. Visser (8) derived the quantity we need


                                                                                                          7
and it is a very simple relation. Table 1 presents a tabulation of the required exotic/negative mass as a
fimction of the size of the wormhole throat. Inspection of Table 1 shows us that to build a wormhole big
enough for spacecraft to pass through will require negative masses a hundred or more times the mass of
Jupiter. Wormholes of a meter or less in size will require negative masses of a fraction of Jupiter's mass
to several times Earth's mass. Caveat: Insofar as it is meaningful to define gravitational field energy in
GTR, the energy of the gravitational field may be positive, negative, or zero. In Newtonian theory,
positive mass objects typically possess negative gravitational energy. And by extension, negative mass
objects possess positive gravitational energy. The net result is that the total net mass, as measured by
outside observers far away from the womilrole, may be positive, negative, or zero dpending on the
details of the arrangement of the negative energy constituting the wormhole system.
         After a traversable wormhole is created, it will be important to stabilize it against collapse by
threading it with matter-energy fields of stupendous negative (outward) tension. Morris and Thome
derived this simple relation (1). Table 2 shows the tension required to induce and stabilize a range of
wormhole throat sizes. By inspecting Table 2, it becomes apparent that the calculated tensions are indeed
stupendous. One can see that for wormhole throats smaller than 0.11 ly (ly = light-year), the required
tension will be greater than 5.0 x 1012 N/m2, which exceeds the tensile strength of steel or tungsten
several x 10" N/m2). Indeed, for a 1000 meter wormhole throat, the required tension of 5.0 x 1036 N/m2
has the same magnitude as the pressure at the center of the most massive neutron star.
         The mass and tension numbers for creating a wormhole-stargate are ugly. Are they impossible for
human technology to reach? No. Is present human technology capable of engineering such enormous
negative energies? No, but human ingenuity will find an answer in the future, it always does, history is
our guide. An arbitrarily advanced civilization would likely have conquered this technical challenge using
a clever approach.

2.5 Designing a Stargate
         It is a straightforward exercise to design a real stargate from wormhole physics. A stargate is
essentially a wormhole with a flat-face shape for the throat as opposed to the spherical-shaped throat of
the Morris and Thome wormhole. A traveler encountering and going through such a wormhole will feel
no tidal gravitational forces and see no matter-energy, exotic or otherwise, that threads the throat. The
traveler will simply be shunted into the other remote spacetime region or other universe. We construct
such a stargate by generating a thin-shell or surface layer (like a thin film of soap stretched across a loop
of wire) of exotic matter-energy possessing a radius of curvature on each side of the surface, and work
this through the Einstein equations (8,16). The result is that the surface energy density and surface
tensions of the exotic matter-energy are negative as required (Section 2.1), but they are inversely
proportional to the surface radii of curvature. But a flat surface layer or thin-shell has infinite radii of
curvature by definition. In this case, therefore, the negative surface energy density and tensions become
zero and the exotic matter-energy threading the throat cannot be felt or seen by travelers. The wormhole
throat or stargate is fiat like a doorway.


                                                                                                           S
2.6 Generating Negative Energy
        In Section 2.1 it was pointed out that static radial electric or magnetic fields are borderline exotic
when threading a wormhole if their telsion were infinitesimally larger, for a given energy density. In
addition to this, other exotic matter-energy fields are known to be squeezed states of the electromagnetic
field (and other squeezed quantum fields), Casimir (electromagnetic zero-point) energy and other
quantum fields/statesle¤fects. I originally proposed an experiment to generate a wormhole-inducing
magnetic field by nuclear explosion (17,18). However, the nuclear test ban treaty prevents this proposal
from being realized. Morris et al. (2) proposed constructing a wormhole by using the Casimir effect.
However, their design required two closely spaced (nanometers to angstroms spacing), concentric thin
electrically charged hollow spheres the size of the Earth's orbit to be constructed to generate the requisite
Casimir energy. The design parameters are incredibly demanding and technically unreachable in the
foreseeable future.
        During further research into this problem I discovered that utilizing the gravitationally squeezed
quantum vacuum states of the electromagnetic field is a more fruitful approach to this problem (19).
Breakthrough research by Hochberg and Kephart (20) proved that one can utilize the negative vacuum
energy densities, which arise from distortion of the electroma~.netic zero point fluctuations due to the
interaction with a prescribed gravitational background, for providing a violation of the energy conditions.
No exotic matter-energy is required here. The authors showed that the squeezed quantum states of
quantum optics provide a natural form of matter having negative energy density. "Squeezing" is the
control of quantum fluctuations and corresponding uncertainties, whereby one can squeeze the variance of
one (physically important) observable provided the uncertainty in the (physically unimportant) conju~+te
variable is stretched. And since the vacuum is defined to have vanishing energy density, any region
having less energy density than the vacuum must have a negative energy density. The analysis, via
quantum optics, shows that gravitation itself provides the mechanism for generating the matter (squeezed
vacuum states) needed to support stable traversable wormholes. The production of negative energy
densities via a squeezed vacuum is a necessary and unavoidable consequence of the interaction or
coupling between ordinary matter and gravity, and this defines what is meant by gravitationally squeezed
vacuum states.
        It was shown (19) that the magnitude of the gravitational squeezing of the vacuum can be
estimated from the squeezing condition, which simply says that substantial gravitational squee7i.pg of the
vacuum occurs for those quantum electromagnetic field modes with wavelength (A in meters) >
Schwarzschild radius (rs in meters) of the mass in question (whose gravitational field is squeezing the
vacuum). The Schwarzschild radius is the critical radius, according to GTR, at which a spherically
symmetric massive body becomes a black hole, i.e., at which light is unable to escape. We can actually
choose any radial distance from the mass in question to perform this analysis, but using the Schwarzschild
radius makes equations simpler in form. Table 3 shows when gravitational squeezing becomes important
for example masses. We know how to get small amounts of negative energy; we do not know if it is
possible to get large amounts of negative energy. This is the subject. of an experimental proposal. I
developed whereby ultrahigh intensity peta- (or eta or zetta) Watt (peta = 1015, exa = 1018, zetta = 1021)


                                                                                                            9
lasers can be used to explore gravitational squeezing of the vacuum and modifying the vacuum
polarization (discussed in Section 4.0) as a first step towards engineering the vacuum (21,22).
        We don't know how to construct a traversable wormhole in the laboratory yet. There are
mathematical ideas addressing this, but there are no practical engineering solutions being offered besides
my own proposals (16,18,21). We must fast solve the technical problem of generating a large amount of
negative energy, and then we can build a wormhole. It should be pointed out that spherically symmetric
vacuum regions, which are non-traversable Einstein-Rosen bridges, are everywhere in space. As
mentioned in Section 1.0, we can tweak the Einstein-Rosen metric and make it completely traversable in
principle by injecting a small amount of negative energy into an arbitrary vacuum region. This wormhole
metric is experimentally indistinguishable from the ordinary Sehwarzschild black hole metric until one
gets very close to where one would have expected to find the event horizon, and instead finds a
traversable throat.

2.7 What a Wormhole-Stargate Looks Like
         The negative energy density threading a wormhole throat generates repulsive gravity, which will
then deflect light rays going through and around it. The entrance to the (spherically symmetric) wormhole
would look like a sphere that contained the mirror image of a whole other universe or remote region
within our universe, incredibly shnmken and distorted. This is an example of the topological inversion
manifested in wormhole geometry. See figure 2, for example. The spherical wormhole entrance/exit
(a.k.a. the throat) is called a hypersphere because it is the hyperspace surface of our four dimensional
spacetime. If you were to travel through the wormhole and look back at it form the other side, then you
would see a sphere (the entry way back home) that seemed to contain your whole original universe or
your home region of space near Earth (within your universe). This would look just like a glass Christmas
tree ornament, which just a spherical mirror that reflects, in principle, the entire universe around it. A
flat-faced stargate (section 2.5), which is also a hypersurface, would not distort the mirror image of the
remote space region or other universe seen through it because the negative energy density at the throat is
zero as seen and felt by light and matter passing through it. Starlight from distant sources surrounding the
wormhole or stargate is deflected into a rainbow-like caustic of enhanced light intensity that surrounds the
immediate vicinity of the throat (23). If a small wormhole-stargate (3-D or higher-dimensional) were to
begin to appear or bump into our local space we would perceive this process as the occurrence of an
unusually bright spot in the sky. Blue and red Doppler shifting of this bright spot would manifest when
the intersection of the multidimensional wormhole with our local space grows or recedes, respectively.
         Wormholes can also trifurcate or merge together under certain conditions with resulting optical
manifestations encompassing the properties mentioned above but with additional complex features.
Higher dimensional wormholes or hyperspace tunnels will not be considered here, however, an excellent
treatment is provided in references 24 and 25. The salient features of these objects are similar to the 3-
dimensional wormholes considered here.


                                                                                                        10
3.0 UFO Phenomenology
        Paul Hill has already delineated and characterized UFO performances and dynamics in his
excellent book (26). From a rigorous aeronautical and physics analysis of many cases (the unexplainable,
non-prosaic ones); Hill concluded that UFOs are craft that would have to utilize an engineered
"acceleration-field" technology in order to manifest their various performance characteristics.
"Acceleration-field" is the old fashioned term for spaeetime metric. Wormhole-stargates and the
Alcubierre warp drive metric (27) are examples of modem spacetime metric engineering concepts, both
of which require engineering of the vacuum to mine the negative energies needed to generate such metric
modifications.
        Jacques Vallee has also analyzed UFO cases over four decades and summarized his findings in
several excellent, groundbreaking books and articles (28,29,30,31 - the key references). Vallee concluded
that UFO phenomenon is consistent with a technology centered on a craft using a very revolutionary
propulsion system, which possesses an anti-physical dimension in addition to others. The phenomenon is
the product of a technology in the sense that it is a real, physical, material object The physical
characteristics of UFOs is as follows (adapted from 28,29,32 and the NIDS database):
     ➢ witnesses describe an object that occupies a position in space*
    ➢ moves as time passes*
     ➢ interacts with the environment through thermal effects as well as light absorption and emission*
     ➢ produces turbulence*
     ➢ when landed, leaves indentations and bums from which approximate mass/energy figures can be
         derived*
    ➢ gives rise to photographic images*
    ➢ gives rise to electric, magnetic and gravitational disturbances*
But UFOs also manifest anti-physical effects by using advanced physical principles. These anti-physical
effects are as follows (adapted from 28,29 and the NIDS database):
         sinking intathe ground*
    ➢ shrink in size, grow larger, or change shape*
    ➢ becoming fuzzy and transparent on the spot*
    ➢ divide into two or more craft, several of them merge into one object at slow speed*
    ➢ disappearing at one point and appearing elsewhere instantaneously*
    ➢ remaining observable visually while not detected by radar*
    ➢ missing time/time dilation*
    ➢ topological inversion/space dilation (UFO was estimated to be of small exterior size/volume, but
         witness(s) saw a huge interior many times the exterior size)*
    ➢ balls of colored, intensely bright light under intelligent control*
    ➢ Doppler blueshifting and redshifting effects of moving and motionless UFOs*
The physiological reactions caused by UFOs are (adapted from 28,29,32 and the NIDS database):
    ➢ burns**
    ➢ sounds (beeping, buzzing, humming, sharp/piercing whistling, swooshing/air coshing,
         loud/deafening roaring, sound of a storm, etc.)**


                                                                                                      11
    ➢    vibrations*
    ➢    partial paralysis**
    ➢    extreme heat or cold sensation*
    ➢    odors (powerful, sweet or strange fragrance, rotten eggs, sulphurous, pungent, stinking, musky-
         like, etc.)**
    ➢ metallic taste**
    ➢ pricklings**
    ➢ temporary blindness when exposed to the objects' light*
    ➢ nausea**
    ➢ bloody nose and/or ears; severe headache*#
    ➢ difficulty in breathing**
    ➢ loss of volition**
    ➢ drowsiness in the days following a close encounter**
There are psychic effects triggered by UFOs either purposely or as a side effect of the presence of the
UFO. These are (adapted from 28,29 and the NIDS database):
    ➢ impressions of communication w/o direct sensory charmer
     ➢ levitation of the witness or of objects and animals in the vicinity*
     ➢ poltergeist phenomena: motions and sounds w/o a specific cause, outside of the observed
         presence of a UFOs
    ➢ maneuvers of a UFO appearing to anticipate the witness' thoughtst
     ➢ premonitory dreams or visionst
    ➢ personality changes promoting unusual abilities in the witnessr
     ➢ healingt
    Wormhole-stargate characteristics can fulfill Hill's and Vallee's criteria for UFO phenomenon in both
the physical and anti-physical sense. The items marked with single asterisks are explainable as
manifestations of a wormhole opening up and intersecting air local space, the negative energy used to
generate the wormhole, and/or of effects from the scout craft/probes that came through the wormhole.
Items marked with double asterisks are explainable as reactions triggered by the scout craft/probes that
come through the wormhole. Items marked with a dagger can only be explained as consciousness-related
effects that are triggered on purpose or as a side effect of the presence of the intelligence controlling the
wormhole and scout craft/probes. This goes to the IEart of the incommensurability or cognitive mismatch
problem that exists between the human race and the intelligence responsible for UFO phenomenon (34).
    Wormhole and other UFO-related manifestations can be instrumented in the field with a sensor army
system to measure and record their physical effects. Stride (35) developed a proposal for a passive
autonomous data acquisition platform using COTS hardware to collect sensor data on phenomenon. NIDS
deploys a subset of such portable sensor devices in the field. Germane to the wormhole issue are sensors
that measure acceleration/gravimetric effects, electric and magnetic effects (AC/DC), spectroradiometry,
temperature/pressure changes, optical. and acoustic radiometry, radio/microwave, visible/IR/UV imaging,
and so on. Miniaturization of electronic sensor instruments has allowed such devices to become very


                                                                                                         12
small; lightweight, portable and easily integrated into reasonably sized packages for field deployment.
These items are detailed in (35) and elsewhere in the technical literature.
    A wormhole-stargate has never been constructed in the laboratory, so a full accounting of its physical
effects is not yet known beyond what is obvious from recent theory. This also applies to the generation of
large amounts of negative energy, which will likely, if it is possible, to have a technology with byproduct
effects that are not determinable at this time. Laboratory experiments on the vacuum using ultrahigh
intensity lasers will be necessary to ascertain these issues.

L4 Example Cases from the NIDS Database
    UFO witness descriptions are the database presently available for examining the wormhole.
hypothesis along with the meager physical data acquired by surveillance equipment (see for example,
references 36-39). And we recognize that witness reports are not rigorous from the standpoint of
collecting physics data. Of the more than 650 cases investigated by NIDS, several dozen clearly portend
wormhole manifestations. Particular examples include field research NIDS conducted in northeastern
Utah whereby the following example data was acquired:
    ➢ intensely bright, colored balls of light under intelligent control; either monochromatic or
         changing color; possessing either smooth or variable liquid turbulence-like surface/internal
         texture; maneuvering/hovering near people and around property; brightening or fading and
         blue/red Doppler shifting when appearing or disappearing
    ➢ very large, very bright orange-colored opening in the daytime sky; a completely different or
         foreign looking sky was s en through the opening; an object was seen (through rifle spotting
         scope) moving through the opening at rapid speed
     ➢ faint light appears in the air a few feet above a dirt road; light grows in intensity becoming very
         bright; bright light then becomes a hole that opens up (growing from 1 to 3 feet diameter) and
         from within which another light is emanating; a large, black creature (— 400 lbs., S to 9 feet tall)
         is seen crawling out of the hole (as seen through 3rd generation military night vision, hole
         appeared 3-dimensional with tunnellike interior), it stood up and ran away into the surrounding
        dark of night; the brightly lit hole closed and faded away

4.0 Alternative Theories of Gravity
          Before closing it is necessary to discuss an important issue concerning recent alternative theories
of gravity that could have ramifications on the physics of wormholes and their application to the UFO
problem. It is important to consider alternative theories of gravity since it is well known within the
relativity community (but not without great controversy) that GTR is mathematically over-determined, is
in physical and mathematical error by neglecting gravitational self-energy in the Einstein equation while
conservation laws and energy are not well defined, and suffers from experimental verification problems
for a key PPN (parameterized post-Newtonian) parameter, not a mention that GTR/Newtonian gravity
has not been experimentally verified below fractional centimeter distance scales while the universal
gravitational constant continues to elude high precision experimental measurement (40,41 and references
cited therein, for example). Einstein's GTR is not tlafout wrong, but it just needs some repair. An


                                                                                                          13
important recent development by Puthoff (42-45) indicates that a parallel treatment of wormholes is
possible within the context of his alternative gravity model, which is now being explored by us (46).
         Puthofl's approach, known as the polarizable-vacuum (PV) representation of general relativity,
treats the vacuum as a polarizable medium (42). The PV approach treats spacetime metric changes in
terms of equivalent changes in the permittivity and permeability constants of the vacuum, e 0 and p0,
essentially along the lines of the "THsµ" methodology used in comparative studies of gravitational
theories (see references cited in 42). Such an approach, relying as it does on parameters familiar to
engineers, can be considered a "metric engineering" approach. Maxwell's equations in curved space are
treated in the isomorphism of a polarizable medium of variable refractive index in flat space (see
references cited in 42); the bending of a light ray near a massive body is modeled as due to an induced
spatial variation in the refractive index of the vacuum near the body; the reduction in the melocity of light
in a gravitational potential is represented by an effective increase in the refractive index of the vacuum,
and so forth As elaborated in reference 42 and the references therein, PV modeling can be carried out in a
self-consistent way so as to reproduce to appropriate order both the equations of GTR, and the match to
the classical experimental (PPN parameters and other) tests of those equations. There is agreement
between Puthoff's PV model and YIlmnz's approach in theoretical and experimental predictions for cases
of interest in GTR and propulsion.
         Specifically, the PV approach treats such measures as the speed of light, the length of rulers
(atomic bond lengths), the frequency of clocks, particle masses, and so forth, in terms of a variable
vacuum dielectric constant K in which vacuum permittivity e0 transforms to e0 -i Kt 0, vacuum
permeability to p0 -* Kµ0. In a planetary or solar gravitational potential K> 1 while K = 1 in "empty"
remote space. In the former case, the speed of light is reduced, light emitted from an atom is redshifled as
compared with a remote static atom (K = I), clocks run slower, objects/rulers shrink, etc.
         The interesting feature of both the PV model and Yilmnz's approach is they both predict that the
endpoint of (large-mass) stellar collapse is not a black hole, but is instead a "gray hole" possessing neither
an event horizon nor a singularity. Such a body would simply be an extremely collapsed state of matter.
Recent astronomical observations have reported that neutron stars more massive than the lower limit
collapse mass for black holes have been discovered, which severely contradicts the strict mass constraints
 placed on neutron star formation by Einstein's GTR (46). And it still has not been experimentally possible
to positively confirm black hole candidates on the basis of predicted strong gravitational field effects
occurring outside their alleged event horizons. No astronomy experiment has positively observed and
measured a black hole's event horizon. And it is impossible to experimentally confirm the existence of
black hole singularities given the inaccessibility of the black hole's interior to observation and
measurement as predicted by Einstein's GTR. Einstein's GTR is not a flat-out failure, it is just in need of
some repair.
         Under certain conditions the spacetime metric can in principle be modified to reduce the value of
K to below unity thus allowing for faster-than-light (Fit) motion to be physically realized. In this case,
the local speed of light (as measured by remote static observers) is increased, light emitted from an atom
 is blueshifted as compared with a remote static atom, objects/rulers expand, clocks run faster, etc. In fact,
 Puthoff has analyzed certain special black hole metrics and found K c 1 from his model. We are both


                                                                                                          14
examining whether the traversable wormhole metric will also lead to K < 1 within the PV model (46). In
fact, we have reason to believe that there will be such a solution on the basis that traversable wormhole
metrics are an exact metric solution to Einstein's GTR such that they do not possess
physically/mathematically pathological features such as an event horizon or singularity. This has been
supported by exact high-order nonlinear quantum electrodynamic analysis of the vacuum cavity within a
Casimir-effect capacitor experiment showing that the speed of light will in fact increase, as the Casimir-
effect energy grows more negative within the cavity (47). This is what we would expect when a
traversable wormhole effect manifests itself within a region of squeezed vacuum (recall section 2.6.). Wt
are also exploring the application of the PV model to the Alcubierre warp metric, and expect K < 1 in this
case since it is physically similar to traversable wormhole physics. However, we cannot predict at this
time what potential alteration to wormhole and/or warp drive physics either the Yilmaz approach or the
PV model will require.
         Finally, Puthoff's PV model is the only alternative theory of gravity that has been successfully
applied to explain the physical, anti physical and physiological characteristics and performances of UFOs
as described in section 3.2 (48). Puthoff showed that when the data from section 3.2 and reference 26 are
taken together, these characteristics and performances can be reproduced by craft exploiting a technology
that modifies the local spacetime metric by varying K (K < 1 or K≥ 1) as needed to generate the desired
(propulsion and dynamic maneuvers and related) effects. It is possible that the PV model can provide
either or both traversable wormhole and warp drive tike manifestations within the context of UFO
phenomenon.

6.0 Conclusion
         In this paper I summarized the salient physical characteristics of traversable wormhole-stargates
and discussed the engineering parameters required to create them. I also described how one can construct
a flat-faced or doorway like wormhole that represents a true stargate, and I delineated the physical and
visual characteristics such wormholes would manifest when they are remotely observed or experienced by
travelers going through them. The key performances and characteristics of UFOs, as delineated by
decades of field research and measurements, was described and compared to the manifestations of
traversable wormholes. It was then shown how traversable wormhole -stargates provide a natural
explanation for UFO phenomenon. Additional field research and instrumented data acquisition during
UFO close encounters will need to continue in order to further test this hypothesis. Experiments are being
arranged in order to explore and develop negative energy generation and subsequently creating a
traversable wormhole in the lab in order to bring experimental wormhole physics to fruition. This will be
necessary to answer the many questions about wormholes that I have not addressed here as well as
addressing issues relevant to UFO manifestations.
         An alternative theory of gravity, the polarizable-vacuum model of general relativity, was
described showing that it provides a theoretical framework supporting Fit motion. Recent studies have
shown that this framework provides a potential description of traversable wormhole and/or Alcubierre
warp drive Fit physics. Last, the PY model has been shown to parallel the traversable wonnhole
hypothesis by being able to provide a natural explanation for UFO manifestations.


                                                                                                       15
        In conclusion, the UFO phenomenon is rich with complexity possessing a variety of spectacular
characteristics and performances. It is recognized, however, that most of these features go beyond what is
accepted by both the mainstream science and UFO communities as fitting within a rational framework.
Synthesis will only occur when both communities apply the scientific method to the UFO problem
utilizing forensic investigative methods while engaging cutting-edge engineering-physics developments.
This best describes the practice of NIDS in the conduct of its institutional mission. It has been left up to
the very few of us to rise up to the challenges presented by the UFO problem and understand its
phenomenology.

Referencae

    1.   M. S. Morris and K. S. Thome, "Wormholes in spacetime and their use for interstellar travel: A tool for
         teaching general relativity", Am. J. Phys., 56395-412,1988.
    2: M. S. Morris, K. S. Thorne and U. Yurtsever, "Wormholes, time machines, and the weak energy
       conditions", Phys. Rev. Lett., 61:1446-1449,1988.
    3. A. C. Holt, "Hydromagnetic Wave Interactions and Advanced Propulsion Concepts", 'f' AIAA Mini-
         Symposium, NASA Johnson Space Center, 1979.
    4.   A. C. Holt, "Prospects for a Breakthrough in Field Dependent Propulsion", AIAA-80-1233,
         AIAAJSAE/ASME 16`" Joint Propulsion Conference, 1980.
    5.   A. C. Holt, "Hydromagnetics and Future Propulsion Systems", AIAA Student Journal, 18:42-48, 1980.
    6.   A. C. Holt, "UFO Propulsion: Pulsed Radiation and Crystalline Structure", MUFON 1983 UFO-
         Symposium Proceedings.
    7.   A. C. Holt, "Interstellar Spaceports and Transportation Systems", MUFON 1986 UFO Symposium
         Proceedings.
    K. M. Visser, Lorentrian Wormholes: From Einstein to Hawking AIPPress, New York, 1995.
    9. F. Herrmann, "Energy Density and Stress: A New Approach to Teaching Electromagnetism", Am. J. Phys.,
         57:707-714,1989.
    10. S. W. Hawking and G. F. R. Ellis, The Laree-Scale Structure of Space-Time. Cambridge Univ. Press,
        Cambridge, 1973, pp. 88-91 and 95-96.
    11. M. Visser, "Wormholes, baby universes, and causality", Phys. Rev. D, 41:1116.1124,1990.
    12. E. W. Davis, "Research Summery Report #2 to Dr. Hal Puthoti, IASA", NASA Research Center Library,
         1999.
    13. M. Visser, Personal Communication, Washington University, St. Louis, MO, July, 1997.
    14. D. Hochberg and M. Visser, "Geometric Structure of the Generic Static Traversable Wormhole Throat",
        Phys. Rev. D, 56:4745-4755,1997.
    15. D. Ida and S. A. Hayward, "How much negative energy does a wormhole need?", PJrys. Lett. A, 260:175-
         181,1999'
    16. E. W. Davis, C. Maccone, H. E. Puthoff and A. C. Holt, "Wormhole-Stargates: A Look at Engineering the
        Spacetime Metric", in preparation for the J. ofthe British Interplanetary Soc.
    17. E. W. Davis, "Wormhole Induction Propulsion (WHIP)", in NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics
         Workshop Proceedings, NASA CP-1999 208694,1999, pp.157463.


                                                                                                             16
18. E. W. Davis, "Interstellar Travel by Means of Wormhole Induction Propulsion (WHIP)", In STAIP-98,,15th
    Symposium on Space Nuclear Power and Propulsion, AIP Conference Proceedings 420, ed. M. S. El-Genk,
    All' Press, 1998, pp. 1502-1508:
19. E. W. Davis, "Research Summary Report #1 to Dr. Hal Puthoff, IASA", NASA Research Center Library,
    1999.
20. D. Hochberg and T. W. Kephart, "Lorentzian wormholes from the gravitationally squeezed vacuum", Phys.
    Lett. B, 268377-383,1991.
21. E. W. Davis, Briefings given to Lockheed-Martin, Houston and the California Institute for Physics &
    Astrophysics, Palo Alto, 1999 and 2000.
22. A. C. Holt, E. W. Davis and H. E. Puthoff, "Space Testing of Electromagnetically Sensitive Materials for
    Breakthrough Propulsion Physics", AJAA-99.2143, 35th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion
    Conference, 1999.
23. J. G. Cramer, et al., "Natural wormholes as gravitational lenses", Phys. Rev. D, 51:3117-3120,1995.
24. R. Rucker, The Fourth Dimension: A Guided Tour of the Higher Universes Houghton-Mifflin Co., Boston,
    1984.
25. M. Kaku, Flvpersoace: A Scientific Odyssey Through Parallel Universes. Time-Warns, and the IOM
    Dimension Anchor Books Doubleday, New York, 1995.
26. P. Hill, Unconventional Flying Objects: a scientific analysis Hampton Roads Pub. Co., Charlottesville,
    1995.
27. M. Alcubierre, "The warp drive: hyper-fast travel within general relativity", Class. Quant. Gray., 11:L73-
    L77,1994.
28. J. Vallee, The Invisible College: What a Grow of Scientists Has Discovered about UFO Influence on the
    Human Race, E. R Dutton, New York, 1975.
29. J. Vallee, "The Psycho-Physical Nature of UFO Reality: A Speculative Framework", AMA Thesis-
    Antithesis Conference Proceedings, Los Angeles, 1975, pp. 19-2L
30. J. Vallee, pimensions: A Casebook ofA lien Contact, Ballantme Books, New York,1988.
31. J. Valleo, confrontations: A Scientist's Search for Alien Contact Ballantine Books, New York, 1990.
32. J. McCampbell, "Effects of UFOs Upon People", in UFOs 1947-1987. The 40-Year Search For An
    Exnlanation eds. H. Evans and J. Spencer, Fortean Times, London, 1987.
33. R. Koczoy et al., Physics for the Third Millennium, NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Lecture
    Series, G. C. Marshall Space Flight Center, Huntsville, AL, 1998.
34. E. W. Davis, "Semiotics, Incommensurability and The UFO Problem", NIDS Science Advisory Board
    Internal Report, 1999.
35. S. L. Stride, "An Instrument-Based Method to Search for Extraterrestrial Interstellar Robotic Probes", J.
    British Interplanetary Sec., 54:2-13, 2001.
36. H. D. Rutledge, Project Identification: The First Scientific Field Study of UFO Phenomena Prentice-Hall,
    New Jersey, 1981.
37. 1. von Ludwiger, fest UFO Cases — Eurone, The National Institute For Discovery Science, Las Vegas, NV,
    1998


                                                                                                           17
38. P. A. Sturrock, The UFO Enigma: A New Review Of The Physical Evidence, Warner Books, New York,
    1999.
39. E. Strand, et al., "Project Hessdalen and the EMBLA 2000 Mission", http://www.hessdalen.or .
40. Y. Mizobuchi, "New theory of space-time and gravitation—Yilmaz's approach", Hadronic Journal, 8:193-
    219, 1985.
41. D. J. Leiter and S. L. Robertson, "Einstein Revisited: Gravitation in Curved Spacetime Without Event
    Horizons", submitted to Gen. Re!. and Gray., January, 2001.
42. H. E. Puthof, "Polarizable-vacuum approach to general relativity", in Gravitation and Cosmology: From
    the Hubble Radius to the Planck Scale, eds. R. L. Amoroso, G. Hunter, M. Kafatos and J.-P. Vigier.
    Kluwer Academic Press, Dordrecht the Netherlands, in press, 2001.
43. H. E. Puthoff, "Polarizable-vacuum (PV) representation of general relativity", http://xxx.lanl.govlabs/gr-
    gc/9909037,1999.
44. H. E. Puthoff, "Can the Vacuum be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications? Overview of Theory and
    Experiments", in NASA Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Workshop Proceedings, NASA CP-1999-
    208694,1999, pp. 7-12.
45. H. E. Puthoff, "SET!, the Velocity-of-Light Limitation, and the Alcubierre Warp Drive: An Integrating
    Overview", Physics Essays, 9:156-158, 1996.
46. H. E. Puthoff and E. W. Davis, ongoing research and personal communications, see also ref. 16.
47. E. W. Davis, "Research Summary Report #3 to Dr. Hal Puthoff, IASA", NASA Research Center Library,
    in preparation, 2041.
48. H. E. Puthoff, Briefing to the NIDS Science Advisory Board. 1998.


                                                                                                           18
Figure 1. The top figure is an embedded space representation               time=constant) of a Morris & Thorne
traversable Inter-Universe wormhole. The top flared-out "mouth" is in our universe while the bottom "mouth" is in
another universe. The wormhole throat-tunnel connects the two universes. The bottom figure is an Intra-Universe
wormhole with the throat-tunnel connecting two remote regions within the same universe. This diagram from
reference 33 serves to aide in visualizing wormhole geometry, and is merely a geometrical exaggeration.


Figure 2. A view of two (spherically symmetric) Inter-Universe or Intra-Universe wormhole-stargate "mouths". The
white rings are exaggerated starlight caustics around the mouths.


                                                                                                              19
          Table'l. Negative Mass Required to Create Wotmhole of Given Size
              Wormhole throat radius, re,ct(meters) Required mass, Mm
                            1000                        -709.9M.,
                             100                          -71 M
                              10-
                               1                         -0.71 Mj
                              0.1                        -22.6P
                             .01                           2.3 AAE
                     Mi =1.90 x 10" kg, mass of p anet Jupiter
                     Me= 5.976x 10kg, mass of planet Earth


          Table 2. Wormhole Throat Size Induced by Applied Outward Tension
             Wormhole throat radius, ra.vat    Tension, r ( x 5.0 N/m`)
                   10'" (105.71y)                        10'
                    10'° (1.06!y)                        10i0
                    10" (0.11 ly)                        10"
                   10" (66.7 AU)                         10 '8
                   10" (0.67 AU)                         10"
                10" (1.44 Solar Radii)                   10"
                10" (0.16 Earth Radii)                   10'"
                     105 meters                          10~
                       1 meter                           10`2
                           /y= light-year =W460x 1U meters
                     AU= Astronomical 0n't = 1.496 x 1011 meters
                         1-Solar Radius = 6.960 x 108 meters
                          1-Earth Radius = 6.360 x 105 meters


Table 3. Substantial gravitational squeezing occurs when Z2 Bus (for electromagneticZPF)
       Mass of body          Schwarzschild radius of body, rs   ZPF mode wavelength,)
    Sun=2.0x10kg                       2.95km                          278km
   Jupiter =1.9 x 10" kg                2.82m                           Z 75 m
   Earth = 5.976 x 10" kg            6.87 x 10 m                       a 0.23 m
     Starship - 10° kg              1.48 x 10-'" m                  Z 3.9 x 10 m
  Human —68kg (average)             1.01x1Gm                        ≥2.7x10` m
  Proton 1.673x 10 kg               2.48x 10 m                      2 65x 10 m


                                                                                           20
         O
     O -'
     C
m    ~ O
_.


      1 (D

3,
     no,
Un   O       1
z
v        fu
     A
W    Z   ••


     O ~
       _.

     O
     O
     a
                                                   Q
                     •'a        m    ~.       =m

                                     fl       u
                                     CD       U)
                                          7        (n
Upf~O~.~                      tplf
flJ cD ~,y, -e      (D v) p 0  to
                                     !~, ai
                                     —•   A'f
                                          ~ 3
                       -.   -        A
'~ O >-n               7~~     3        nj_nD
r3~n                  ~~► cD         p~cD~
OCDD~~                c~o.00
     -
          a,           2-' pie
                       rt -• CD         _. s
                                     310<
                                     A


     A,
                             _.      rt Oa~
               'O
cn~3°'                 O. U) Z W
                          CCDUi           '5~► rr O
—                      rD n _.                -~ cD
rD~~    n              rt 3o~             ",a
                                            -n,
I X3 0,                ~CD=,
  —• —•                                   CD       -'
                       ~ n                         er'
                                          10'
C.nC                   3AUf~              OU)G)
                         CrP O
~n             0                          CD "Z


p ~ 0 0                3' CD"<             in
    p fD               CD-•n,p            -a~V1
U)  o                     O rPvf
          ~UU)              U►_Q          ~A'
CD                          I  CD         A'
   T.
rt•~
n    -u


     v
Dl


Dim

v
~ o

     Dl
     m
     (11
     Dl
     a
               (D      (D
                       .n
          DI
3
tD          A
(D
(D
-t
 VI            rt      O
                       DI
                       3
    „Space 'resonates between one foam-
  Tike structure and another."
    ,Weoj awL7aae S„
          Li wn.u~n     a        a
                      4                             d
~W=rim                     ~~~~            (n,3Oa       0
                                                        3

                                                        0
((n O
                           CD
                            rt'~ CD
                                    31
                                    s - CD              0
                   'a Q°
               (fl .0          C
                           ~O.~L*.0.~
                                           "
                                                    Z   Z
            11) C               vf ~D_AO
            C     ~~
                                                        rt
                           o a      -' >     a
                                             _. uVf .
                                                    v   0
31 m fl           of       ~ o.       a ~ ~ n, o
I                •a        .ms s     .a a,      co o
                                                ~,
~(n~p•~~                   ~~~        A sC~O            ~I
    n ~ I ~' ~'. 00             s
~    .~'~~~                e0-rUf~a`<Ad~
           t
  3           t0               O       to    AD
            000
~ ~'f' O ~_~_00            ( A A O ? O t  O nCD
         _O~
<O3                        3 y~a~'eCOn0
~Sf aD~                                30    e-r
                                       O (~n o
                                    (D


    "   Mr_.    ,s(n       Ov~ tnO~~            N
        0
            o31 0 <        ~~          ,~       -~
                  -                     in
                                                ndo
    _z      O                   d                 •
    fD
          V         V
          A     S n


                                                                 connect together remote regions within our universe
rr


                          connect together different universes
't        O     —'0


     fl   rt
     ~    rr    -• rr

     cn
     Dim
          l0    CD c0
                3 ~•

     mm         Om
     (fl _I     O
     aa         2,a
                o
     __ rP          rt
     on A       O to

                ~
     Di -           Lw
     A    C         fl.

     Din            m
     0.-            U,
     U)   uc        o'
           _.       (I)
     Lw 0.
        U
        U)          o

                                                                                                                       U.
                                                                                  saIoyWaoM a~gesaanpal
                                                           1


                                                               1%           1
                                                                    •. 1   1


                                                                     I/ •,- IiI


                                                               !
            I   _.
                     . I                . 'nl
                     •~             e
                     1                            i


    j                    i    1 - •.tee           ;e e
                ~tkt~y
                    i                         • i
                                                    i`
                                                      h


~ •~• f                             ~Fr'1 1 ti1J ~

`           . I•

        t                —?                            i
    i           11X           41'       1         z~ i
        1
                                                   .
            r        '        e             ; .1e .
                                  ••
                         e          i
                         !.        e        e i
    V                      V          V    V        DI
—WI -                            rP             H   P'f

CD        m
                     O
                           I-p
                                 C    O    O

                                           E        DI
In        II.   fl. CD CD
                                 no        O
                     A' rr'
to                                    O    a.
     O CD
     -!   _.    CD <~'0
                     O                              DI
     a rP                             C             IC
     - o        n'         3
                     fl1                            CD
                                      in
     a. CD                 a               0.
                                      CD
     or                                    In       DI
                CD'. o
                fl. A -s                   -.
                                     'a             a.
     010,       CD --.                     CD
     1                     -T         C             CD
     ,,CD       n        o            -.   —,
     -'               v,
                     s Inor           I*   o
     o~                               Mu
     c                   `.
     Ia   -.          0
                     -a
                      rD rp
                                                    O
                                      0,
     in0
                    on
                                                    3
     n ai                                           z
     C  rt
                     ~ Q
                                                    O
     —' C            CD 0
                     o. 3                           CD
          fD
                           a
                           CD
                           0
                                       s
cv, sna,       CD~W               DI   rt
~-a            < _. in            C
                                  CD
  A                         3     -'
                        n         In
lflinrP                           DI   DI


          p
               p
                                       DI
    C. ~ p ,        i       p++   O
                                       CD
   i2 Q i      O <.
                -.                     DI
         O     lO O. cD
    of z ~,                       CD   a .
      _ p      rt 7               Vf
   lO CD       Z QJ pA                 CD
               =rPW               O
    =•-a                          Z
         1O•   ?        N rD
                                  O    0
      rt, :r
               (DU)3
    O     lD
    3 tO ~,    crtrr              O
                                       3
    s    rt
               cD
                 -,' CD           cn
                                  CD
                                       0
                                       CD
    cmO                 o         In
                        nCD
    0. p O.
         ■~             ~ ~
    CD
          a
                                 CD                         O=
                                                                  a
                                                            ■ ■


                                          11O                     CD
      _                  <' 'C                         of         PP    O
                                 v1 'Q O
                ;                                      ~D
PP PP
                                                                  PP
_r                                                                      I'C       ~• eD
              .0 ~•+ cD u II              —v,
-f,        CD —O(D r*                        I —•
                                          p- QI                   tD
                         fl               ppQI                              cD       O
                                                                  I-P
                                                                            cD       —
                     X V
                              rp+                                 rP co _.           0
           rt pO
of Q C                 I•+                                        A
            U) O O   OO
PP QJ                                                                                CD
O     _I i, A x p —! oo cn                                              O ~p
                                                                  CD
                                                                        CD -         -.
                         tD                                       PP
CD    _r       , p            : 't        ~D                            pU
           -             3                -t       o

                                                                  O                 cQ
0• -~'rt'                     00
                                          nn                      'O                 _■
p      — O O p                fPCD                                         rt        U)
CD                                                                      (D ?~
                                 p             ~
                                                                            p
                                                                            CD       w
                                                                            PP
                                               CD
                                 rt
                                 —
                                                                            n'       a.
                                               G
      rt —           p           O             A                             CD      O
                                                                  3
                         of      A             CD                           OC       Z
                                                                  0         `<       CD
      -              ,.P                       V                             P
                                                                  U)         O       O
                     r•. 5       =             O
                         U)      Q             .
                                  ',:~i        n                                     U)
                                      O
(DC           to
   rtC


                        e 4~o4 2119
                                      3
  •5
~     i        (D
~                                     O
    "on
33-4a .,..                            CD
0 aso
0JDOX3
    rP
o         I
r* -.
3 ~o -         3
               O
                                      CD

    orDa`"                            I
    cm~'ie
    ._ w0-          .                 n
     CD O CD
    ~oO.
    O_r .OA
                                      CD
     I

          0CDa
      d        rr
    30.
               3
    (DX
    a~
    r•r
    0
     ~rt rn
         ~

        3.
         CD
         1
         S.
        %O

         O
        "!
         3
         S
         O
         CD
~y
         r*
         DI
         1
        IO
         DI
         r*
         VI
                                                                                                          t rn
                                                                                                          rr ~
     ■ ■             ■ ■
     2z          .-I                                                                                      -3'
p
000       0    •i                                                         O   .t                            CD
                               CD
     0    CD   t0_                                                  p '*      o1 a       r* —


                         speed thru tunnel/throat should be < c
0 -
cD
          e
          r    0—                                                 3' Vt o     ≤. 3 v 3 A
                                                                              rp CD
                                                                                                            3.
                                                                                         A rt
                                                                              r          CD z-t
                                                                  -t (D rt    (DVI       rt 't
                                                                  C "    .      3        -IC   A


                                                                     a~            _     CD        Ifl
                                                                                                   A.
                                                                  .     <           fD                       3
                                                                  p ~/► rt'         0.   Qo 0 (A
                                                                  fD    y           0
                                                                                   .<       (D QO
                                                                                            rt
                                                                     C                   C                   O
                                                                                         -
                                                                                   a)                        CD
                                                                     ~0
                                                                     IA            (D    rt                 In
          fD                                                          rt                           r1'1
                                                                                   VI
     CD — 0 3                                                       100
                                                                                   in    rt
                                                                                                            0)
     10
          rP
            C                                                       ^~                        -'
     IC
               ~ rt                                                 10 Q,          p     p rt iC
                                                                                         Q In IC
          rt                                                         11
     In
     O         —D iot                                                fl c
                                                                     Oi (D         3     <         CD        frt
               c                                                                    rt
     0
     m         Cc    C                                              ~3             °Q a' w ~.
               Cm                                                   m Q                  in
               CD                                                                  ~'         (D o'
                                                                                              CD
                                                                    `-~ rt         0.
          ■
                                                          -     rn
3n=
               = J        D         fl.         .~
                                          ,—rco (fl'<
    s
-T ' T
               5'u        CD   aa~ a~u                    E•
          CD   0 0 0           — c, < cD tp
          cM         =1<
.< cD rP
      —.         G

        .
                                                          3g
   (DO
    DD           00
   to 3              rP
  '~ Vf          grDE                      R1             CD i-1
   CD S
   a~
   o Q                         EU3.                   3 c
   -I f-p
                 C        <
                  ~ 0 0                   LaL             O-CD
   r -fp         tN~'S         'v v                   ~
   o a•
   - —
   (n a*.                      s           a. ' _         CD CD
      0                        ~y          o              0IrP
                               cn               - D _r O
   ~o                               (b    `<      .CD
          rt                              orpx                : CD
      s          Ox~                                            0)
   n' CD                                   zrt                  I-P
   — rD          ~D .a O            ~      CD _.                CD
   ~CD
     CD                             a                           Qo
                 cD _.              o      n3                   I-,.
                                    C.
                                    CD                          -
   r3•r                             cn          -CD             CD
   C
   3                                S
                                    (D
                                                QO              O.
                                                                01
                                                  0      zm
                                                  %rn
O          ^   v►     in us       CD -
                                                CD Qi
?    C'1
           3 fl       fi n                      10
                                                 DI      rt ~
CD   -•
           O
           m   m      m
                      cc
                         m           ~.
                                          ~+
                                          ~.
                                                 rP 5
                                                         cm
-'

C
               N      NN
                      CD CD
                                                CD Uf    CD
rt   C
           pfl.
           C<
                      0.0.
                      -fl.
                                  fl- CA
                                       D 0.
                                                         rn ~
                             rt    :0m
3    c     rP                                            CD
           2c                                   m co
                      so                  _. 1<
a    CD                                      CD ~ n           o
               f~OD   ="• s          O. O       ~o
                                                UI.~
                                                '
               O             _       -• 3                rt ~
                                                         .
     y         3             n
v,   10
      3
                d
               t0
                             r
                             O
                                     rrI0
                                        7
                                     —• CD
                                                         -o
                                                         H
     ~*                      3       30'
                                      A
                                                   O•
CD
                          10
               N           7         _lD
                                                   rP         In
     -I        CD
     0          0            -•     10
                                           fl      3•
                                                  10          0)
     0•        .a            -.         CD
                O                   -! fD          D
                             a      za, o
                rP                                 fl•
                                                              rt
                                     Dim
                                                   _.

                                                   A
     CD        C                    ~
     10        c0            CD         • 3•       O          ■
     1G        mc            -!      Cep fD
                                     ~ CD
                                          O
                                          rt
                                          A•
                                                      ~rr ~rn
                                                a
                                   (nfl
                               3!g nO
                               o, co cc cam,.
                                                CD    -   CD
                                                          CD
                                     (D1
                               °CDCD CD                   5.
                               _oJ O 3 O                  LO

                               WI        CD     c         O
                                               cD
                                 ~C
                                 rP -
                                              tO
                                               cD
                                 ~             O
                                                          3
                                    ta
                                     p O        3
                                    O           rl•
                                                          O


y flat spacetime assumptions
                                                          CD
                                                -
                                    C (D        3
                                                U)        Cr,
                                    CD~                   DI
                                                          IO
                                                           DI
                                    :r                    rr
                                              10          CD
                                    O
                                                          In
                                    r~n
                                         CD
                                         rr
                                         CD
         l    m

gr            ia


cfl            —1
rrP           c0
    m r
          o
         03
c~ n o
`        O.


    o
         C    \iii
         c

    CD         o
    "V       •.Q
         or
               0)
                                                                          rt
                                 O          O                             ~D
      C~
                                                _   rn                    VI
                                                                          w
                •
                            O    3                           0I

                                                                      U
                                                                              (In   0
                -      2                        O        3        C   -
                                                                               CD
               aua aavfins'
Gauss- BonnetTheoremrelatinglocal (WI-I)        g is genus (number of handles / throat)
geometry(LHS)to the globaltopologiwl
(Eulerno.)invariantof the spacetime(RHS).
1— handle H (flat torus or spherical topology)
      to                a
                        c      S   n   S
Wormhole throat radius, rthroat (meters)   Required mass, MWh
                                               1   J
                                                   1
                                                   1
                                                   1
                   --
                                                -22.6 ME
                                                   I   La   ri
                       n =.
                                                       o ~                   Pp m        or
                                                                                Pp               ■ .
                                                                                              'y H
                                            o
zrri   O~              z~
                      cm                          1~
            A~   eD
                 N
                           Wormhole throat radius,           Tension, ti ( x 5.0 N/m2)
                                        rthroat
                                10'8 (105.71y)                         106
                                                                            O
                                    0
                                                                        0
                                 ~o
                                 W      o c~
                                                                            N
                                                                        0
                                                                            O
                                                                        0
                                                                            O
                                        •                               0
                            109 (1.44 Solar Radii)                     1024
                                                                       1030
                            106 (0.16 Earth Radii)
                                                                       1036
                                  103 meters
                                                                       1042
                                   1 meter
                                                                          c rn

                                                                          H


                                                                     _         _.


                                             ~iwOa— OJT                   ~D


suolsuaj aavf~ns


                   'tTlsuap i.~aua aavf~ns
                                                                               ..
                                                                          ~
                                                         C,        ~1O     0
                                                              3
                                                  C O

                                                O. ^
                                              Z fl            fD     rr
                                                                          0


                                              "I                          !    0)
                                               fl. a          (D O             rF
                                              ~,•nr+o~ 3                       0
                                              n~-'=°o
                                              a    ?CD
                                              a

                                                              CD ' CD
                                                  Lw


                                                  ~'''             cD O
A6aaua-ssew jo   CD   rP
                      ='
a
DI
rP
O
3
s
O
~D
 I
In
.DIt
IO
 DI
 rP
 m
r
O
O
                                                        0
                                                                <m
              0                   0
        vCD                              ~cDn~n3
                     S, 3 Si"
1010 0 CD                              0+~
                                       3 7C
                                               0►3o
                                               CD 3 =.
                                                                .. m
~r•r W rP10               7
~• ≤• *~< v          C C -00           cD 3 ~.,C m              G~ ~D
                                       t0 "r* ~+ ~► -~
                                              —'O r—•
CD     (D ,                                                3•
3 _. rP~~
     0 3 of          CD n3W'
                     0.0
                        310
m DJ o• ~•           0•
                                       3
                     3CD=*,V           10C10
                     c ll A                   I.s3-C
  .b c                                 3.~ fl• X00 C                  O
                     m0oCD
                                       3' 0 00             to   H.J
~N
  CD _.W
                 •
                                       w CD
                                               O     rn <
                                                   '3 ~
                                                                z .
                                                                m     o
                     (n    . 0 frDt
                          O
                             fl.       tDfl?3-~
                                 0                              DI    I
   3rt0       tJ
   -T                X 3 (D333•          3 C° C~''000
                                                       3        <U
                                                                      rP
   0 30.0
   0   0.0           CD                            "
                     a        cD o        CD               o    tD -I
                                          CDCDA m3
   -
   rt a
       'rt O C
              '—              A• 3                 A ~
                                                                rntO
                                         ~     N•A rf ~
   CD wo                         C                                    rF
   3                                           0 rl• A ^
                              'C —'            -ti      lfl
  10 c0 +(D                    310             mn'3             1
  K    ≤•
       rt rt
           ~yit               C
                                 ~
   -ns ii' ~D rT              tw rt            53=~                   rP
   CD       'm<                  y                   A'
                                               In rt O)
                              -i 3.
   CDD W      C                                O  r
   ~n—NO                          3.
        0 O C
        a     ~
              3
-a rn
rr ~
C ~.
H
'     CD

..    a

O.

ZO
o

CD-

      CD
      rt
      DI
      IO
nu"

rD
o
-•1O
=O
O -'
  Z
~ O
D -
- O
 w rt
   Dl
   1
   Dl
   CD
                                                                    cm
                                                              0
                   'c n'r                         U 3m( z
cr"3 „                                                  cD          rr O
                                    rt (DOVf = vy
                                                                    aim
-r.y 0 31
     co , fl

G' O T Q
                   C (C
                         In
                      D(Dm
                   aJ o p(D
                                    rt wy = • -, mm
                                    ~n-eC     O'A(D
                                                               _•

                                                                    cat
=ICO-,
                                    rt
                                          — LW         Q C          -'   to
                   -'p 3O                1,p' _. O
                                                 3     rr
                                                          —co
                                                           •~G      3
                                          rt p,          C'o.       ~
                              v          -m+0.                        O
                                                                    O ~
        cm                                               O C
                   mm     tsr            rt       rt        .`•
                                                         loIn
n, ~<'rt           fl-`O• 3CD            tw n
        CD
                                         ~
                                         ~O rt           rt
                                                         n
                                                           •rt
             01                                 _o                  .-O
                                         y3c                   (D
                                         c rt ~ O n
                                                               O
1•a     .t t       <__C                                     0.
                                         O ~ tO
                                              N          A 3
~~• 3c             ~'0~3                 coin
                                         3 .c
                                                         3'io
                                                            y       P'f f"f
rt      °, O.      C Os ~(D r0• .
        p3
1rP                                      300
                      .
                   013-%n                                -C         r    tD
c,CD''s"
                                                         CD         ow
rt rt
   -! n -
        cD ~
               :   'G (C
                    3'
                       D
                              o          3 _,a           cD         O rt
                                                         no
     O~O           O!. ~p_~              mmIC                       ~     O
     rtl.C'        n—•m3m                0.n             to-
         —. tsP    O   3                           •
                   —nOG                        (D
                                         rt
     N 3cD         3cD~fD                (D ~
                                            rP e         tsP O
     CD In         ~'Q(D p                ~. A            a! tsP
        LW
                                                         IC               V
     On 3'                                                In
      3            oC
                   _T .~
                              o•          7 •o,
      ~O                      (A
                                         .'               O_
                                          O       (D      3•
        C                    (D           -+~            t0
          0                   0                  0
non              o=0Jc              -t o. -
                     rt             o n3 o'
•2 3       3     A

x       n o      ~3rtfl.             0J rt —
                                     (no —
                 -TI, .c.            n
rt 3 -.fl                                   Co
                 -a° rt
                     3o                 0
~ rD tn a                             nyo—
                 f~0t                 _ —
    C. ~~
           n     —° CD tn               tIn
                                      O ~ ~
    -°a  (CD                           (D~
     -' °n o p
                                      o 0,
     o - -t          ° o'O
                     -   of
       co            rP              ~00
       o co
          °                                c~
    tnt                              =   a
                                     U, .a o
                                            ~D
                     O W -'
    c-I rt                              A O
    rp D) O
                     S — rt_         D'
                                        -U
                                           7
                             Ot       -. tD rt
                                     'O tt O
                              rt
    fl. rP fl.                        MU-


    —.                                1n ~' 'Q
                                     .p 'Q

                     SMOa6
    p o.                      O              fD
                              C       O
    O ~                               rt     -I
    -                         fl.
      In                              O      0
Cr"


Oo
 t
3
o
~ O
U
rt O


r co
ow
O ~
~ O
I
r ~
7C '
(D ~
    n
crn


o   m    I


~
2.2
  o

rP o
   o

r~
on,
o r*
~o
U


        9.
cm

r~

oIO
3~
~
2.2
't o
     r~
co

r co
O0J
o r*
~o
U

cD X
   r!
rim
cD QJ —,
  rr


       cfl
  O O
  33
  Z =
  O O
  (D


  rr rt
  ~D CD
  r~
  Ott
  7~ '
                                                   H    H
               •               •             d
                    a,a             <aa
                                    _.
Ir         a.>
         CCDD         _.
cD 2 n O cn
3                   a     -s        cD       n'
                                      z
                                    Oo.                 ~.
                          c cD      (    o•        A
                                      33
                                      CD
     <         _                             -++
°tIO-•3W            W(~                  v c            O
003'p<              ——                   -              rF
                                                   0
                    n a c'
                                         <3.       rt
                                                   S    ~D
               _,                            to         C
                                         O~         I'll
OOrtOrt             t3n      ~
               O          rt 0            O        rn 0

               tO                        CD
     O fl•03        ~~O                  ITI~      -Ix
                                                   _    rt
     s~rD 3 cn
             D      O -•
                      a -n               2 0

     rD-•                                          r    (D
                                         O• °c
       (flow
                    3, CD CD                       -    -'
                                                   ~    O
                                                        of
                    OOO                  ~O             -.
                                         fD
          3:              3vf ~cD        Opp
          In               —. 1-p        3
                          O S
                          In-'
                                0

      . 3 3 in O             CD
                                                         ~n
                             A                           n
                                                         1*
                          in         O -rt~              W O
    crt                   O 33
                          3          in                  03
I.' Z~          ~ rt rt
                          fl. °           0JCZ           .11 m
C -. Q
            l<_ .0                                       cD ~
                                                            =
°                   fD               o       01    ..4   .o
    ~v 3 °-'a3 • cx                                      s~
                                                         CD-i
                                                          3O
         C D,       -                        <0(D
            ic
                 3                   ? •~3CD
                 -I
                          3-O
                CD
            .00-I    0          o. 0~aQz                 CD o
            CDD° O v'           o. cD a, rn 3 O          o v1'
            3 Ol y rnp    cnc        ^V           W      3 Z
                          Olin       CD 0         3K      1
                          In                             L O
                          a• n

            3         O
                          -,


                          33
                             _
                                _,
                                     '. -C 3.              In
                                                         O r'.
                      rt 'or'
                          3• fD.
                CD in 3.             - —b                3'ia
                          o.CD rt                        O ~p
                c, Q. C           3' -T 0 S 3'           C m
                ~ rt O    3 CD
                                  C O 3 'rP              33 o
                                 ,-9-i
                                     o' * — 'n
                                        CD 3 o,          QI
                             U1
                3 in
                   ° s    c       O1_.310 3              3 =
                                                           .io
                rP C°     In o
                          -•
                                                         CD ,,
                          s =

    ii=
                3.   O
                          2:3:
                                                         0    O
                                                              (D
                CD= (3D   CD y            I.T
    3a
                     3
                C' - O
                          -h10            °x.~c
                                          3 (11 _.
                                                         3-
                                                         in ! .
    rr 3        UI—       O 'O            rt epOl
                                             3 . 'i in
                rh <                                3.   n3
    ~O               D'      d                           01 rt
       rr       O '<                        10           3
                          3 rt                              CD
                                                             D
      C                     O
                0.        L
                          n'
                               Q

                    .~o                  CDDII          DI o
                                                        n
                                                                 0.0-4
   C~                                    rx„f, C. O              DI VI -.
                -        (D                                "


                               H13-oIn
CD o •                                                 'Q              DI
o(D        ~•
           VI
                CDCDu
                                         ii'
                                           `t
                                         to, mn
                                                       Do
                                                       ~f-p
                                                                 o DI to
                                                                 ~o3
           n    VI XO                    fl„OC         cD CD
                                                          -
-Pt             CD A
                   _ A         _■
                                         r
                                             O         x
                                                       .a s      O 'CD _
                   a.          VI            O
    D rt O            _~                 PP DI
'                  U                                   3 ~
                -Pt A ~'       VI        D                       y * cD
                               O         pp O
                                            -• r~•r    _•r C               VI
nV~                                                              0.tO CD
                                         C . s
      O Q       Qa.r O•r
                               DI
                                         to                      pp O
                                                                    'T _.
                               CD                      O         rt
                A ~ o                       s
                OOCD                     rt n =.         C'      CD
                                                       ~ rt
                                                       o VI
                                         rt -~                        c DI
                               DI
                n    o
                rt O pp        rt        e~ rt s       DI    .   (D -' ,.p
                                         D
                                                       0~                •
      ~D to                   'O            2O           rt       l 1tO
                                                  -.   s s       rpl    O
                                                       cD I-
                                         z   n
                               n             U                   ~ OO
O ~ ~                                                   T' rt
                              7               O                  = O [D
                    (D        rt         O             O ~
                                         - CD (D       n
                                                       A    r1   <' DI -
                               VI        CD-IO
                    CD C       CD                      D_
                                   Pt

                    ~O                                 pp             V
                              cD         3~ o
                              cD                            cD        s _
                         -,                 0 (D
                                         PT.-                         cD
                                            CD                        ~ rt
                                                                        n
                                         CD
                                                  s         1<        rt
y~c                                                                   ~a
                                         -~i~•fD
     zo             rt•
                         VI              _<DI                         to
                    O (D                          DI                  rt
                                                                      O

      CD
                    sn
                    ~s                            o,
             ©     o            0          C
33.001-(                                   m
                 Sri
                 CD
                        (DC_               O
2 m CD              ~   '° . O ~
    cD x c~      —'CD
                 n~          n
yc3De~-r~~               CCD
                          DU)to
                                           CD
                   —
                              ~      2
  cp 0rt o
                   O,
                   3      ' n C
                         Oi 3 v)     3     O
             O     _;    n n as      CD
                                     0)    3
        33         2.                Pt
                                     CD    CD
                   a    ~p~O         C
 t°.c ao           -1                90
  CD R'CDCD
                        3I 3n -'
                              rrc
  3~
  fD
        3 Qo       Q          n'     01   O
                                     01
                   U)                     1<
                                     Pp
  air              -•   a0~          CD
                                          rt
                   CD     CD -
                                     CD
                   a                 0.
 ~cD~ 00           Pp   ?nC))
                        3                 H
                   CD   0    W       11
                   3
                        t00
  OCCDa            O                 CD
  U) 3' 9 '        't           -.
                              ~VA
                                     O
                  ~
                   n                 3
                   CD           3
  X03_,                         3    n
                   3           .~    U)
  C)              0
                                                        m


                        ?   O    _.rtn
          ~        <             orpo                   CD


                                         rt   rt        CD
                   6                          2•d
                         ~~•
                           rt    cn~
                                 -
'd O                                   rt     o.        0
 rt '~ ~. -•            .a 3'    p' rt C
 -• ~D ~ of        ~D      ~D       fD        ~ —
                                              O N
                                              W         o
~Ort~-                      o    .< O.             cD
                                                   o.
                                                        tQ
                         A
                   to   art      3~0          op


              -'   o    on         ~''        0.-,
                        (to        to    n
~a:~DO             rt              pip        rt' <
                   S    A o                   fD
                        rt
                           to
 •r• fD
r~                 ~•              fC
                                    D              O
                                         CD   r*

    v; a.                   CD
                                                              ©     ~ C
     0 0                0 0                       0 0
_.   _.      -.
                                            (11
cn G         <        V S           p             CD   `       ~'   (1)
             CD                                             n
             (A       0 3           C             01   O    CD CD   n •
                                                                    ~
     —~      vf~      -' 31         O                         t~
                                                               D
     rr      rr                                        MI           r1'I
                      rP cD                 -.~.       -'
                                    M   I


~o           0                      C                         fl-


     -'      O        to C          3                         fD    f"F
                                                                              CD
     n'               3v~f                  oC                31
             3                                         ~               O
     31                                     o                 a'    —~ O
     3                _.
                                            3     3
                                                  3            CD   3 (<
     n.                    O'
                                                              rt
                                            Os
                           3                CD q.              3
                                                                    -     ■   •
       0.         *        31               -I    -!           O
     to                                                             Oi-i
                                                                      ~
       33                                   0t0
                                                              V
                                                              -.
      r~-'            (D C                       *MI
                                                  S
                                                  -t           33
      G
      3               -' -e
      33                 O                        31
                      O                                        of
                      a3
                       *
                                                               -.

                                                               O.

                           -I                     n            3
                           n    '                 M
                                                  In           3'
                     arger, or change shape*
Q becoming fuzzy and transparent on the spot*
                                     a6aaw wayp;o
                                     a.         CD
     0
3O       oo.    ?00        3    O, CD        O
o CD     ° °,   ~, o,co.        o
rt                    _    co   U _~         Z
-. -       °    0 3 —'          o t°    to
(DO
rr 3   ~o
C, g.  cD


            **SISAieaed iepaed

                   *suoi}eagin O


                      **suanq
                              •    o •                       0


4 drowsiness in the days fo
                                              **easneu •
                                                                  **s6u!ppiad
                                                             rt
                              I          o
                                         O
                                                           toCD
                                   n
                              °,   o     'C                *o
                              o
                                         5
                                         cD
                              o

                              *    r     a                   0.
                                   ~     O
                                   co.
                                    *    3)
                                         CC
                                          D
                                         U)                  CD
                                         U)
                                         CD                  CD
                                                             a
                                         cD
3)                                       CD                  CD
                                                             a
   0                                     3)                  rt
                                                             rt
    CD
                                         CD                  CD
    3
                                                             O
   C                                                         CD
   3                                                         A
   rr                                                        rt
   CD                                                        In
 0      •
 ~a                                                              cD


       premonitory dreams or visionst


                                                                       impressions of communication w/o direct sensory channelt
                                        py        C—        n,   a.


                                        ~O CD     ( . CD    -• ~

♦=
~ 3
                                        In C ~ -.                3
                                           I   rt
  n                                                              p,
  3.                                       -I,        S          eP
                                           ar
                                           C      0, 3
                                                     p
 In                                        o s3                  ~.
 V                                           CD3                 3
                                                                 CD
                                                  O

 3                                         CD         3          p
  5.                                      (,      c. o'
                                          a       ~~             CD
 In                                        ~,         fl-        In
 E
  a,                                              CD °c          3
                                                                 fl.
                                           tt

                                           ii'-   c              3
                                                                 3.
  rD                                       CD
  5.                                              oo             In
 rt
                                                      In
  m                                       In          CD         3.
                                          Vf          n          (D

                                                      n'
                 ■

z-DJG'O3D_-'fir
con     -v in
  .-pr) CD    3~0
. (D (D Q) (D A  A
                                   DCA
p                                       CD
D'<CD1 —•° Oin
=        0D          in            ~. o 0'
                                   CD

ni.CO

    —~ CD                 A    —        cD O
    nWtD cc-,•o~,
         --I1•
                     ~, P               in V1
    rt          — O rt
                        0 LW
     A O O fD rtn A y p
       •                X
         ~ ' ~tC    a.C   O
                                        in
    (D        O           a, A I ..~, cn
    -.n                        O        n'~
                          rt
    rt d                       CD O O' rrr
                                          tD
    .Q ~p                 O~K           p 't

                           cnD jinio
    _00                   'art=n
    ~0t0                   i-P~~DO.


                                   N
    rt
         rt
    c                          IW O
    0                          0-t
                        Q         o                        0
                        -+   n          O
                                         h CD
                                              O
D'
- - r.t _. -t
          ''D  II  2                    CD
    cDn-trp0jD               C II      O +yC
C—.~•O O Ow 0                Vt
                                       LO C
                                          D -.   C
                                                 D

Cr        m V
                        t
                        (n   31
                                  CD       to
                                       Vt U~=)
                                                 3
                                  U)          .a
O         W m n aI                           CD
                                  [D   O OmwX
0       7a-a ~7
                             OC
C ' pan( O  nS3                             S       O
Il         CD                (n             tw      31
~ ~ Q C       rt''~
        Vt fl
                             S ~       Ovf       CCDQ'

                             Vt
                                       cD
                             A ~
                                            =one
        O
O =                          O                        -•
                ? cp.'xC—                   n


o3A -vcD~~'.                                31
                   CD        - fD
                               31              CD o
                             Vt fl
                 '-tfl .     s~             .O t
                                               V
                             O O               ~D   PM
                                             o
    CD CD                    = O            rr rt
                                                A rt
                                            )U CD o.
    DJ3oCto                  ? -I
    O-•CDA=
    a(n(nC-t 3v,             rt (p'
                             z~
    t                        fD CD
                  O
    Crrrr 0 0 =
            t
                O(nO
                             o o.
                                            Vt O A
                                                      O ~
    V                        3a.            3 2.
       ~?o °
    CD D                                    CD \ D rD O
    =0C o•q(n                o Vt
    co Q l cO 31                                 31        3
                             r~ CD               ~.
    CDrDrtrt~.
                                                           cD
    f~ .I tD ~                                   O
                                   0                                                                                           d
                                  wrn W c                                                                    •    ■
                                                                                                                       In
                                                                                                                                3
                                  ~,~


                                                 maneuvering/hovering near people and around property
3 3      ?~                              o1.                                                            Co        ~D• '-
00 00                                                                                                                  O
Co C3 C 10                                                                                              a         CD            rn
      (A                                                                                                     ~. 3
         et . tIC
                                         a CD                                                                                  a.
                                                                                                        —• 3      O
         3CD                                                                                              c0      3             —.
C        CD       CD                     O ~                                                            m cD                10
 0(n -Oa                                 Qo                                                                  rt
                                                                                                                  n
•0  y     _.                                                                                            3)
 CD    CD                          a.                                                                        CDT o           rt
 _. fD !.CD
                                         y~ a
                                         'G 0.                                                                                 O
 3 3
t0 r-.
       3 2
          1W
                                   3.
                                                                                                        X~                     O
    =
rt -t
          rt                              CD ~                                                          Co        n'
          O                        O     -. 3                                                           tD rt     O            a
-'0                                      3 O.
                                         c0                                                                 -                  a.
               0                                                                                                  n
                                   10                                                                             ?            _
                                   CD      C
           ~o                              CD
                                                                                                                  co
O
C~ fD
               3
                                   0                                                                         y'   3'          °,


          uaas seen i(js bunioo
0..0                               0


                                                                                                                            o;ui aapun q6i
                                                                                                                  n
                                   CD
    a                              0..     0                                                                 C 0
    c0
    n
                                   CD                                                                        rt
                                    3.     In
                                           3'
 '0                                 3                                                                        a.
  CD                               10
                                           3                                                                 fD
                                   3'
                                   rt                                                                        n              C.
                                                                                                             CD
                                   CD      3.
                                           CD
    10                                     3                                                                 7C              r0•r
                                                                                                             lD
        0                                                            0     zc
                                                                           -m
                                        .   .                              vo

            Ap4 6iaq a4j ■
tDnn                         inrt .f~ = a. a                               rM.v
                                   - y                          ~
                                                                PtLn       D .
                                               CD      ,             r"*
                                       10           CD          0          r r
                             -. r              a.   3 W                    0     O
-• aw. -•
O
   Ca
               rr
                                fDo.0 C
                             0- rt rt O
                                        7C          3 CD ,.p
                                                    a, z
                                                                n0
                                                                    .•a
                                                                     CD
                                                                           a.
                                                                           0
                             W m <~ ~+ fl           rt 'Q' CD        01
                                                                7~
af.~
    Din,       CD                                               U 3
    Q0I                      o '
                                                       3O
               a m. rt                     ?~
                                                        0
                                                       cD
                                                       rt 0
                                                                                 0
                                      O (D:~           O3
vc?             Ovi
                             r,n CD0
               a
                                          o            a~ CD -I0,                %O
                                   n..a ~              a ~• 0                    1<
0               0.                 c V CD O            -h o 3, 01
                                                       O CD     ~    O
                                                       3rt                       f" P
rt - ''a
cD3z a                                                   s,
   U, aa.                                                     CD
 ' ivi OU                                  c           ~ o a- r*
                                   ~a~0 0
vO~O
u9 3 l0       .0                      ~.
                                                       O cD                      a.
                                                                'if 0.
                                          fO~
                                           D
                                        Q 14.                   rt ~
                                   Ic
                                     .0014.            n'•a        CD
   CD                                                                aJ
tD of                                                  0110
                                   - — CD       '
    O                                                  OO
                                                       0
    rt                                                 rt
    5'                             fD zo'CD
                                                       -itO
    Dl                                                               0)
                                                                     a
                                                         •            •
. .
      a~                                                            rI
~  cD                                             O3           fl                rt _
(D fl as ii3~ ~~,
 —
03 O~
3 ~
A
s ~ C ~                                                                          O      .
a' —. L-!       .    LA QJ         CD
                                   Lo m             8w~ =IQO                     C`C
           CD                                     m ~ e~ ~• ~ ~ ~                ~   ~.
                to a rr            ~ ~
O                                                                           ~
                o
LA
                          LA
                                                                                     VI


o~
V o ~ O
      CD                                -a                         O             O
      LA O                                                      O                    _■
LA    CD                                                          '~
                                             O O ?•          _.
                                                             —3
C     e-f ~
       11 2.    cA ~ tD            C ~• ~
N,
      r~
                                                                    '."f'
                                        V    n'     _ 3 CD n
0,    rrP -          cD — K                         'O O •      _ a' CD              !rt
a'                                                              ~~
                    nOs        •        ~               DJ
c                                       ~•        .~ -, < cD                c•       ~,
2          CD
           3                             H                                       -
rn         CD        n             o
                          ~,            ~•          ~   cD~         ~ O
                     O                                                      cD
                     9
           0 0                                        0                     0        as
 ■    .c_               -" d            ■     O.
                                              (DD°
                                                   Li
                                                            7
                                                          ~rt
 _                             k N=          n ~ •0                 rt 3
        °           '                         ~c          rt                0
      ~,.           Di         a'-'          D013                                    rP rt
a          v Cm '_3                                            Dl Om<                O   ~D
           fD     = o, Di
                       A aC v
                                                               w
rt         ~,                         A          rt                         as       rt t
                                                                                     O Z
       ~            —• s+       c ~ 3 G1                           ~
H                      'c       +^    Om..                 ~f A                          1<
                                -,C)                           D0                    C
                                      0h
d      r0•r
        y
                    < CD
                    Oi• rt
                                   rn
                                .z ,     m Vf              .0
                                                            O•
                                                                 fl.
c_
n
                                         -                     C .
(D.    ^            ?           03 ~•      Dl               —=16)                    OIn
                 g a                                          -• Di                      .•
n      1,0                      O g tC - i
O      '.O       ,'.O             -e      ~p                  A •p fD
       '.D       o.'            -• ' O _r r r                   'D O
       N         3 I            A           a    .-                r~
       -
       ..
                y 0
                O. F.a
                               i3 n
                                fD Oi
                                            A l ~`
                                              rt
                                                          O O rr
                                                          A D aD                 3m
       m
                   ¼...-
                7 '•
                (A f
                                a ui
                               •p fD        C V) ' O
                                                                ~
                                                             •p y
                                                                                 ml"
                                                          rt ~. r—•rrt
      V)                001                                                      O O
      -         -       O      n'..         (n ~, p        n' 0 m
                                                          (    r*rt              O~
      16)
      V)        g, 3            t T a ••
                               Ar                         Ro            g
       f (O 3                  n °.             - 'p      •DDt          O
      fD                       *.-i             O.Di
            0
                                        Di C rO•r              n' 0 +
                                                                                 rt r
      O         ma               ?

                nrt—.            O OO O'
                                 rt                                 a
                                                                    <.           H
                                 OP                       A
                                                          CD
                        O                                          'C
                                       .
                                                 •                                           •                  •

                                                                                                     -


                                                 UFO Phenomena possess six dimensiona
               ■
     ■                                                                                               t•r O -t
                            ■    CD m                                                   Z
                                                                                        CD       I

  fl
< O       tD O              ,~        ' Q°                                              O~
                            ~•         O                                                CD O         e-r        O
          O                                                                                                -■

     2

OCD       2Lrt                                                                          3                  A
            <
                      -i'
                                       =                                                (D3
                            C     C
                                                                                        0O           (l
                                                                                                           ~, o
                                                                                        ~—
                                                                                         cD                A—
                                                                                                           ~ cD
O         rt          -                                                                  cn                —
v~        ~• ~,       n     a
     <
     •t               O 7
                                  -t O
          C                       O
     CD -,•                  ,
                                  0 O
           •~
            rt              O

     O    T7                      A '~                                                                     Pp

     CD   O~tD        ~~                                                                     CD            (DO
     -'
                      O'er        O .a                                                       CD            O
                      -.              -.
                        .3        N~
     J                            OtC                                                        O                  ~
                        O         r•r
        ~.~            D-         Z~
     .  LO,_
                      011         O etO
     O.   -n          a
          "< O              tO   '-to
     cD
           øJ
          fl- —                   tD O
                                                                                             x
     -         n            ~~    ~. ~D
                                  -■
                                                                                             ~'
     CD
          fl
             O                             rl•                                                             II
          ii y                  • ~        A

          M
               e` '
