{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T10:07:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 427765, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124097-the-4602d-the-untold-story-clifford-stone-may-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "f0dc16cc56ecab759c53fe0bb434b6a8770dee1540be4b5d5d7d751bea5a77e4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2305, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE 4602d: THE UNTOLD STORY
By
CLIFFORD E. STONE
SFC, U.S. ARMY (Ret.)
Copyright (C) May, 1995 by Clifford E. Stone
On January 3, 1953, Air Defense Command (ADC) Regulation
24-4 created the 4602d Air Intelligence Service Squadron.
This special unit had a wartime mission of exploiting
downed enemy people, papers,
and hardware.
Outside of
participating in simulated training problems, this unit had
no peacetime mission.
However, this was to changed.
the end of 1953, this unit would be doing most,
If not all,
of the field investigation of UFOB's (UFO Reports),
reducing Project Blue Book to nothing more than a
information clearing house for the Pentagon.
In Captain (CPT) Edward J. Ruppelt's book, THE REPORT ON
UNIDENTIFIED FLYIMG OBJECTS, on page 303 of the paperback
edition, CPT Ruppelt states,
"I happened to be expounding
my troubles one day (January 24, 1953.ed)
at Air Defense
Command (ADC) Headguarters while
Burgess, ADC's Director of Intelligence, and he told me
about his 4602d Air Intelligence
• Service Squadron (AISS), a
specialized intelligence unit that had recently become
operational. Maybe it could help-he'd see what he could
work
out, he told me."
Captain Ruppelt even admits, that in the military it takes
time to accomplish
various tasks and expressed suprise at
the quickness
in which General Burgess was able to get the
4602d AISS involved with UFO investigations. Once again,
on page 303 CPI. suppelt states,
"But I underestimated the
efficiency of the Air Defense Command.
Inside of two weeks
General Burgess had called General Garland, they'd
discussed the problem, and I was back in Colorado Springs
setting up a program with Colonel (COL) White's 4602d."
Also, on page 303, CPT Ruppelt states, "The 4602d's primary
function is to interrogate captured enemy airmen during
wartime; in peacetime all that they can do is participate
• in simulated problems.
Investigating UFO reports would
supplement these problems and add a factor of realism that
would be invaluable in their training.
The 4602d had field
teams spread out all over the United States and these teams
could travel anywhere by airplane, helicopter, canoe, jeep,
or skis on a minute's notice."
With
the 4602d now doing most of the field investigation of
UFOB's, Project Book Blue confined their activities to,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2544, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Opeation Blue Fly Officer to, "insure constant
availability of qualified personnel for 'Blue Fly'."
Now one might say that given all this to be true, Project
Blue Book would still be charged with the follow-on
be venged
investigation.
Wrong! Remember, that by the end of 1953,
Project Blue Book was reduced to, "one officer, one airman,
and a secretary
operating as the Aerial Phenomena Section
of the Electronics Branch, Technical Analysis Division."
I believe that the so-called "Blue Room" really did the
follow-on investigation of those reports the ADC could not
identify.
This would also, explain why many of the cases
known to have been investigated by the 4602d did not show
up in the Project Blue Book files.
Once Senator Barry Goldwater asked Genral LeMay to see
inside of the Blue Room.
The general informed the senator
that he could not and that the senator was not to bring up
the Blue Room ever again. This could explain why.
At present, very little is known of the activities of the
4602d's UFO investigation, Project Moon Dust, Operation
Blue Fly, and the so-called Blue Room.
However, this much
is known;
they all dealt in some way with the investigation
of reported UFO's.
. In 1957, they were updated to include,
"foreign space debris that survived re-entry into the
earth's atmosphere and impacted.
Later, atter the closure
of Project Blue Book, the
term "UFO" would be replaced by,
"objects of unknown origin."
I have knowledge of the existence of documentation that
coula prove
all that is said above.
However, the Air
Force, after acknowledging the existence of documents would
later attempt to deny their existence to a United States
Senator.
Presently, I have an appeal pending with the Air Force for
the release of this documentation.
I have requested and
received the assistance oi 3 members or Congress to monitor
the out come of this appeal action.
The appeal has been
on-going for over 5 months now and the Air Force has
informed me that it may take another 3 or 4 months before I
receive an answer. My basis for this appeal action was
that the Air Force stated they had no records, classified
or otherwise.
yet, I
can prove they have atleast 14
classified records
on Moon Dust and Blue Fly.
An
interesting side note to my appeal, is that first the Air
Force
lost my appeal.
Later, it was found in the
classified vault.
mean something in my appeal
letter is of a classified nature or could it mean that they
are considering the release of those records they initially
stated did not exist?
Only time will
tell.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2486, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Operation Blue Fly -"to expeditiously retrieve downed
Soviet Bloc equipment."
These definitions are only half-true, intended to get the
Senator's office off the the Air Force's as
According to a 1961 Air Force document, the definitions of
these missions are:
Project Moon Dust - "As a specialized aspect of its
over-all materiel exploitation program, Headguarters, USAF
has established Project Moon Dust to locate, recover and
deliver descended foreign space vehicles."
Operation Blue Fly - "To facilitate expeditious
delivery to FTD of Moon Dust or other items of great
technical intelligence interest."
Apparently the Air Force was able to see into the future.
It is my understanding the first "space object" did not go
into space until October 1957. If this is the case; what
was the peacetime missions of Moon Dust and Blue Fly in
1953?
Both of these missions were created almost
immediately after the 4602d AISS was given the peacetine
mission of investigating UFO's in 1953 and were tied
directly to the 4602d AISS.
Here is how I believe these missions worked, bypassing
Project Blue Book and interfacing with Blue Book only when
it became absolutely necessary to do so.
Every Air Force base was required to assign, as an
additional duty, a Project Blue Book Officers. His duty
was to receive reports on UFO's coming to his attention.
Air Force Regulation (AFR) 200-2 required that he report
these to the nearest 4602d detachment and not report them
directly to Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
The 4602d was required, by AFR 200-2, to make every effort
to identify the object(s) in the reports. AFR 200-2
stated, "The Ait Technical Intelligence Center (ATIC),
Wright-Patterson Air Froce Base, Ohio, will analyze and
evaluate: All information and evidence reported within the
ZI after the Air Defense Command has exhausted all efforts
to identify the UFOB; and all information and evidence
collected in oversea
This statement would seem to
indicate that if the
report could not be identified by the
4602d AISS (ADC), then it was to be forwarded to Project
Blue Book at ATIC.
However, is wrong.
But it is what the
Air Force wanted anyone who might see
AFR 200-2 to believe.
The 4602d AISS was to forward those cases they could not
identify to the Project Moon Dust Monitor Officer, not
Project Blue Book.
It was this office that was to do the
follow-on investigation.
Also, if there was a requirement
to recover "materiel", this officer would co-ordinate with

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2510, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Opeation Blue Fly Officer to, "insure constant
availability of qualified personnel for 'Blue Fly'."
Now one might say that given all this to be true, Project
Blue Book would
still be charged with the follow-on
investigation.
Wrong! Remember, that by the end of 1953,
Project Blue Book was
reduced to,
"one officer, one airman,
secretary operating as the Aerial Phenomena Section
of the Electronics Branch, Technical Analysis Division."
I believe that the so-called "Blue Room" really did the
follow-on investigation of those reports the ADC could not
identify.
This would also, explain why many of the cases
known to
been investigated by the 4602d did not show
up in the Project Blue Book files.
Once Senator Barry Goldwater asked Genral LeMay to see
inside of the Blue Room.
The general informed the senator
that he could not and that the senator was not to bring up
the Blue Room ever again. This could explain why.
At present, very little is known of the activities of the
4602d's UFO investigation, Project Moon Dust, Operation
Blue Fly, and the so-called Blue Room.
However, this much
is known; they all dealt in
way with the investigation
of reported UFO's.
In 1957, they were updated to include,
"foreign space debris that survived re-entry into the
earth's atmosphere and impacted.
after the closure
of Project Blue Book, the term "UFO" would be replaced by,
"objects of unknown origin."
I have knowledge of the existence of documentation that
could prove all that is
said above.
However, the Air
Force, after acknowledging the existence of documents would
later attempt to deny their existence to a United States
Senator.
Presently, I have
an appeal pending with the Air Force for
the release of this documentation.
I have requested and
received the assistance of 3 members of Congress to monitor
the out come of this appeal action.
on-going for over 5 months
now and
The appeal has been
the Air Force has
informed me that it may take another 3 or 4 months before I
receive an answer. My basis for this appeal action was
that the Air Force stated they had no records, classified
or otherwise.
Yet, I can prove they have atleast 14
classified records
on Moon Dust and Blue Fly.
interesting side note
to my appeal, is that first
the Air
Force lost my appeal.
Later, it was found in the
classified vault.
Does this
mean something in my appeal
letter is of a classified
nature or could it mean that they
are considering the release of those records they initially
stated did not exist? Only time will
