{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T07:19:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 391874, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124071-lee-graham-letter-october-11-1986.pdf", "source_sha256": "7e7bfe2e4e57efce852a4475243b6a0ea1a685e0ca64eb2c4cc4eabd35b4c716"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3106, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11 October 1986
CONFIDENTIAL
Sir, per your letter (see enclosure A), I would be happy to share with you the in-
formation as to how I came to posses a copy of the "Snowbird" document (see enclo-
sure B).
I was given (this is but one page of an 8 or 9 page) the document for the EXPRESS
purpose of sharing a copy of it with Mr. John Andrews, for him to attempt to authen-
ticate. I have not seen the other pages, though I did see this page before it had
been censored and I believe one of the censored out code names is "Aquarius".
Mr. John Andrews (a good friend of mine) is an expert on the developmental history
the USAF Lockheed(?) F-19 ?) Stealth Fighter (see enclosure C2-C8). He is the design-
officially denies the existence of the F-19 (see enclosure D), it is this aircraft
that some have reported to have crashed near Bakersfield, CA recently (see enclosure
c8).
John and I became friends because I had worked on the U-2 Project (see enclosure E-
E1) into which he was doing research for the book (see enclosure C) which was pub-
lished by Jay Miller. John and I are both high performance aircraft buffs. I DO NOT
claim to be a UFO buff! John wants to build an authentic plastic model kitiof the
Snowbird aircraft. (see enclosure C6).
I have alleged (see enclosure F) that the reason that the F-19 (or whatever its of-
ficial designation may be) is so secret is because it is made of the (reconstructed)
skin of a crashed flying disc. This is my scenario-
1. An Alien aerial aircraft (NOT spacecraft) on a reconnaissance mission crashed in
New Mexico in July of 1947 (see enclosure G-G5)
2. Some of the debris (excluding the crew escape capsule) was recovered and seques-
tered at Wright-Patterson AFB from individuals as important and powerful as Senator
Barry Goldwater (see enclosure H- H7).
3. An early stealth project (Radar Scope) was an attempt to define the electrical
characteristics of this debris. According to the story from the Air Force individual
who "leaked" this file card (see enclosure I, from the UFO archives at Norton AFB,
CA), discoidally shaped aerial targets made of the crashed flying disc naterial, were
towed behind aircraft, while their radar return signatures where photographed from
a CRT. This Project took place at the Aeronautical Systems Division at Wright- Pat-
terson AFB, fed
from information/material from the Foriegn Technology Division (seee.
énclosure I-I2).
4. Following the loss of our (Israel lost them) first line fighter aircraft (the F-4
Phantom) to the Egyptians (from Soviet supplied equipment), a true need for a tact-
tical stealth fighter became evident (see enclosure C2). Lockheed Aircraft Corp. with
its strong ties to the Foreign Technology Division was in a prime position to exper-
iment with some of its designs made of the reconstructed crashed flying saucer ma-
terial. An old Kelly Johnson design was resurrected (see enclosure J-J3) and the
XST was born.
5. The XST was flight tested at Groom Lake, Nevada (see enclosure K-K?) and then at
Tonopah, Nevada (see enclosure C2 pages 227-228) against captured Soviet made radar
systems.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1236, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'The design of the SI was moditied and improved lot production ana a contract was
awarded. The production version is built (oompleted) away fzom the Groom Lake fa-
cility (which is a test center) at Tonopsh; Nevada: (see enclosure:I-L8).;
There are rumors now circulating that we (the United States) has made a Strategic
Defense Inititiative "deal" with the Aliens and that they are down in force now at
Groom Lake, Nevada (Dreamland). They (the little Aliens) are ostensibly:ieferied.to
as the "Dreamland Munchkins" (see enclosure M-MI).
As to the authenticity of the Snowbird document, I can only say that I can NOT find
ANY government agency willing to Officially declare it a phoney. I HAVE been inter-
viewed by the Defense Investigative Service for making a:request to nyssecurity-öffice
to authenticate it (see enclosure N-N5).
May I make a suggestion- You appear to have a large readership, make up a petition
with the signatures of your readership to our Government for an Officiàl declaration
as to the document's authenticity. You are welcome to use my name and to use the
material I have enclosed, but only for the purpose of authenticating or REPUDIATING
Thank you, for your time, sir.
- Sinceriy
243-
* te
from Loe Graham
