{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:16:10Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 464575, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124041-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-clifford-stone-collection-disclosure-august-7-2000.pdf", "source_sha256": "759b0a28b2c2f005bd0cc9861de82ab7a00bc1efb713f3554e4af79265b934ea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2255, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO: Steven
FR:
T
8/17/00
CLOSE HOLD /STRATEGIC
The following items are strategically significant. I feel it important to
keep the following particulars out of the e-fishbowl for as long as possible.
I'm also concerned that intelligence may be running ahead of us in
ome instances, using our open communications policy to find out just wi
re are trving to reach, and then perhaps intimidating or dissuading certai
soy hathe neverattended Aslomar. In by did the or that possibly !
suggest that we do not discuss the following issues openly for awhile. This
would obtain even after video footage is in the can because the following case
can be used to exert pivotal influence.
BOMB SHELLS & SMOKING GUNS
ABC News-20/20 not withstanding, the following witness is capable of
blowing the lid in a big way if his testimony is properly framed for maximum
impact and credibility. I think this case would do more good as a headliner
for "Disclosure" than as fodder for 20/20's semi-tabloid fare.
Primary 'Bomb Shell':
As you are well aware,
obtained the CIC Roswell records.
Specifically, these are the "missing" 1947-49 records that Schiff and the GAO
had tried but failed to locate. He got them years ago. He simply knew how
and where to look.
S Willing to go on record stating that these are indeed the
missing records, and that the Air Force lied to Congress in stating that they no
longer exist. He is willing to cite chapter and verse of federal law which was
violated by the Air Force in removing those documents from the 509th
military logs.
Within the first hour of "Disclosure", we can completely demolish the
Air Force and all of their denials from the first 1947 weather balloon cover
story right on up to 1997's crash test dummies. Case closed. Checkmate.
Although Roswell is but one well documented smoking gun case
amidst hundreds from around the world, it is THE name recognition case as
far as Americans are concerned. Prove Roswell was real, that the
government continues to lie about it, and you've secured your audience and
perhaps your call for congressional investigations. (Mr.
_could really
bite into this one.) You've also secured your ratings as far as the networks are
concerned. "Stay tuned. Still more explosive revelations to follow!"

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2753, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Stone is indeed a linchpin witness. His knowledge of document
classitication and security procedures is unrivaled. He has so much authentic
material on file that if we frame him properly, he can establish on-screen the
standard whereby documentary evidence is vetted and evaluated. Clifford
will hold up documents, recite chapter and verse concerning security
classification and procedures, tell how he got them, and completely debunk
any allegations that credible documentary evidence "does not exist."
We have our
His files should be published in the New York Times. But since they
won't publish them, we will.
Recently
has been once again receiving threatening phone calls
telling him to cease and desist. Considering this is what happened right
before one of his sons was killed, he's kind of touchy these days. He has
pledged his support to this project, has opened his files to us, but he could bolt
at a moment's notice. He's under tremendous pressure, alot of it economic.
Stone has also taken steps to publish his life's work via help from X
He is currently locked into an MJ-12 regimented job
as a contract security guard for TRW, apparently blacklisted from more
lucrative positions. He will come out with his story on video, audio and CD
very soon, but he is willing to wait for "Disclosure" to break it as news first,
but he isn't willing to wait forever: He's broke.
Stone has also made it clear that he does not want a crew of "strangers"
videotaping him, and will only participate as long as Rob Mitchell is present
for the interview.
We need
as a centerpiece because he ties together so many loose
ends. He is poised to make passionate statements highly critical of covert U.S.
military policy concerning ETI. He will attack space weapons on camera. He
may be able to point to specific documents citing Von Braun's standing
involvement in all this. He WILL specifically nail Gen. Douglass McArthur's
involvement, citing the specific unit that the General commanded.
One idea is to extend
testimony throughout the documentary,
using his presence and his continuity of knowledge to anchor the history
element.
I'm currently working on first draft interview questions. I'll send
them along by FED EX ASAP for your revisions and additions.
Let's aim for bagging the Stone interview in Roswell toward mid Sept.
or sooner if possible. Mitchell's ready to roll. He even knows a good motel to
set up a camera in.
I don't want to discuss this on the phone or over the Internet.
lis
being closely watched and all communications between
are presumably monitored.
I also don't want to give the spooks a sneak preview of our possible
Roswell bombshell.
There's also good mileage to be gained from holding this one back
from ABC.
CLOSE HOLD FOR NOW.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1358, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: MAJOR WHISTLE BLOWER GIVES GREEN LIGHT
Date:
07/18/2000 4:59:19 PM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
To: DrSGreer,
has pledged 1000% commitment to Disclosure. His archive files are open to us. He's willing to go the mat and
name names, units, specific missions. He will finger key players. He has documentation and corroboration to back his
statements up. He will do anything necessary to further this project.
All prospective interview questions must be submitted to him in advance in order for him to make sure he does not endanger
any individuals or cohorts by his public statements. He needs to evaluate the content of our questions because his replies
could skirt the thin line between open and classified information.
I shall be compiling preliminary questions culled from the recent 6 hour video and will send them to you for augmentation. By
the time you get back from UK, we should be ready to roll. He knows your upcoming schedule and our general timeline.
I have his day job and time availability schedule on file.
This is our star witness, a mega whistle blower; the one with the most documentation and corroboration. His testimony is
nothing short of explosive. He needs to be presented with maximum gravitas.
It took some time to secure this level of openess and participation. Steve, you need to know that
front line efforts made
it possible.
