{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T14:18:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 517767, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124087-the-u-s-air-force-s-self-inflicted-wound-clifford-stone-october-6-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "948262be26cc986696704dbcc7ce417ad3ca16329185aa5cc38ab9a7fd1324f6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 124, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
THE U.S. AIR FORCE'S SELF-INFLICTED WOUND
BY

CLIFFORD E. STONE

Copyright (c) October 6, 1994 by Clifford E. Stone

Ly5

Q

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2102, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- т.
THE U.S. AIR FORCE'S SELF-INFLICTED WOUND
By
Clifford E. Stone
Copyright (C) October 6, 1994 by Clifford E. Stone
on September 8, 1994 the U.S. Air Force released a document
related to the Roswell matter, for the GAO, or any other
inquiries."
Actually the document is more of a white wash
than a cover up.
To be sure the Air Force fell victim to
their own officially sanctioned deception program,
concerning the "Roswell Incident," put in place more than
47 years ago.
To be sure the Air Force was willing to
sacrifice their Top Secret Project Mogul program to conceal
truth behind the events of the so-called Roswell
Incident. But, why do such a report at all?
The Air Force gave this justification for doing the
report;
"During the in-briefing process with GAO, It was
learned that this audit was, indeed, generated at the
specific request of Congressman Steven Schiff of New
Mexico.
Earlier, Congressman Schiff had written to the
Department of Defense Legislative Liaison Office for
information on the "Roswell Incident" and had been advised
that it was part of the former UFO "Project Bluebook" that
had previously been turned over to NARA by the Air Force.
Congressman Schiff subsequently learned from NARA that,
although they did, Indeed, have the "Bluebook" materials,
he "Roswell Incident" was not part of that report.
Congressman Schiff, apparently perceiving that he had beer
"stonewalled" by the DOD,
then generated the request for
the aforementioned audit."
I have written to many members of Congress requesting their
release of information on this
very subject.
The Air Force, along with many other
agencies, were less than totally responsive to the requests
the various Congressional Offices made in my be-half.
At
times, the
governmental agencies would totally ignore the
questions I posed.
Some examples of the foolish responses received are: "we
have on record of receiving an FOIA request for documents
(Why do I need an FOIA reguest when I am asking for the
reléase through a Congressional office?)."; "These missions
have never existed (In this case the Air Force was forced
1

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2274, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to reverse that statement when confronted with the evidence
le the ne tener f there the geney: "tered ed to in the 15
determine wether we were the 'agency'
November 1979 USAF letter
(based on the information
rovided they could determined if they were the agency
which, in fact, in this case they were and they knew it.)."
The Air Force, among other govermental agencies have
"stonewalled"
other members of Congress whenever, those
members have asked about the same subject matter.
In the
case of Congressman Schiff, however, he was able to see
through this and demanded
answers.
Congressman Schiff was
"stonewalled" by the DOD.
I see the above statement by the Air Force as, a cheap
shot.
politically for asking an embarrassing question on a
subject matter the Air Force would like see go away. But,
I have always believed that far too many political leaders
retribution.
truth.
Also, I feel that it should be pointed out that Congressman
Schiff did not ask the Air Force for docum he was asking
UFO's were something extraterrestrial.
for was documents relating to the Roswell Incident in order
to ascertain what the object recovered was.
To be sure,
Congressman Schiff's request
to the Air Force and DOD
should not even be considered to have anything to with the
UFO Phenomenon.
The Air Force report concluded that, once again, the object
found was "most likely" a balloon.
This time a Project
Mogul balloon train. To be exact, flight #4 of the Project
Mogul Balloon trains. Let's look closely at what is wrong
with this conclusion based on the known facts of the case.
The Roswell legend begins with an official news release on
July 8, 1947.
That release reads as follows: "The many
rumors regarding the flying discs became a reality
Fortunate noisED at posses or i a ate East nee
Group of the Eighth
cooperation of one of the local ranchers and the Sheriff's
office of Chaves County.
The object landed on a ranch near Roswell sometime last
week. Not having phone facilities, the rancher stored the
disc until such time as he was able to contact the
Sheriff's office, who in turn notified Major Jesse A.
arce,, of the 509th Bomb Group Intelligence office.'
The Air Force report admits that they failed to, "locate
any documented evidence as to why that statement ("RAAF
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2792, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Captures Flying Disc") was made." The Air Force report
further states that, "it seems that there was over-reaction
by Colonel Blanchard and Major Marcel, in originally
reporting that a 'flying disc' had been recovered when, at
that time, nobody for sure knew what that term meant since
it had only been in use for a couple of weeks."
Also, the report makes it clear that the descriptions given
by most of the witnesses,
"actually described materials
that sounded suspiciously like wreckage from balloons."
1947 FBI
Furthermore, the report quoted the July 8'mthe disc is
document stating
in the Air Force report,
hexagonal in shape and was suspended from a balloon was
approximately twenty feet in diameter...the object found
resembles
high altitude weather balloon with
reflector...disc and balloon being transported...".
All the above would seem to be supportive of the the Air
Force's report.
However, if one looks
at the whole picture
and not just what the Air Force wishes to reflect in their
report, an entirely different picture emerges.
The Air Force report states, "there was no physical
difference in the radar targets and the neoprene balloons
(other than the numbers and configuration) between Mogul
balloons and normal weather balloons."
If this is the
case, why would Colonel Blanchard and Major Marcel be
fooled by material that made up an everyday weather
balloon? Sure, in a Mogul balloon there might be much more
of this material than what goes into a normal weather
balloon.
However, both Colonel Blanchard and Major Marcel
were quite familiar with weather balloon devices and surely
would not have been fooled by the material found, even if
it appeared that there was much more of the material than
what would normally go into a normal weather balloon
device.
Also, there were personnel stationed at Rowsell
Army Air Field, that could have readily identified the
recovered object as some type of balloon device even if
they were not aware of the existence of Project Mogul.
They tound something that, to them, was
highly unusual and
could not be identified
as any balloon device. They
believed the material recovered did, if fact, have
sometning to do with the flying disc phenomenon being
reported at that time. For this reason, they decided not
to release any details concerning the recovered material
until after Air Force Intelligence had a look at the
material.
I would also, suggest that the Air Force had already come
up with a definition of what a Unidentified Flying Object
or Flying Disc was and that the definition went something
I1ke this; Any airborne object which by performance,
aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features does not
conform to any presently known aircraft or missile type, or
hich cannot be positively identified as a familiar obiect.
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2687, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
While it is true that the witnesses have given descriptions
that seems to fit a weather or Mogul balloon device.
These
descriptions is not what made the witnesses believe the
material was mysterious.
er tons at man he
It was the strange properities of
the material; such
as, not being able to bent it, you could
not put dents in it, it would not tear, it could
not be
cut, and it would not burn.
All of these characteristics
are not characteristic of any balloon device, Project Mogul
or other wise.
The Air Force report makes the point that even the FBI
teletype of July 8, 1947 reported, "The object found
resembles a high altitude weather balloon with a radar
reflector."
However, the report omitted another key part
of that teletype which states,
Headquarters) and Wright Field HAD NOT BORNE OUT THIS
BELIEF."
After the object was identified as a balloon, why
wasn't the FBI officially notified,
so they could close out
the case in their records?
Remember, they too were left
with the
impression that the object was something more than
a balloon, according the July 8th, 1947 FBI Teletype.
Also, the Photographs that appeared in newspapers were not.
of materials consistent with that of a Project Mogul
balloon train. Io be sure, the material appearing in the
newspaper photographs are nothing more that a weather
balloon and a RAWIN target. In the Air Force report, none
other than Major Irving Newton (USAF, Ret.) states this
being the case.
report, "What I know to be true, that is, the material I
‚saw in General Ramey's office was the remains of a balloon
and a RAWIN target."
In short, the object in the
photographs is a complete, torn-up weather balloon with a
RAWIN target device and not what one would expect to see if
the material was from a downed Project Mogul balloon train
or any other balloon device, being exposed to the elements
of weather, that had been in a New Mexico field for several
weeks, little lone several days.
Assuming that the object found was
a Project Mogul Balloon
train, why, wasn't Professor Moore's group notified of this
at the time
so his group could have properly
identified the object as Mogul Balloon flight #4?
Remember, to this very day, the official records show
Flight #4 as unrecovered.
with Project Mogul being, at the
time, an important and Top Secret project, why wasn't this'
action carried out? It was important to recover as many of
the Mogul balloons as possible in order to gather the data
from them to justify both the program's existence and high
classification.
The Air Force report takes into account several news
stories that appeared during the time of the alleged
"Roswell Incident" to support their conclusion that the
4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2794, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
object was actually a Mogul balloon. These news stories
are: the July 8, 1947 ROSWELL DAILY RECORD's report,
"RAAE
Captures Flying
Saucer On Ranch In Roswell Region"; July 9,
1947 ROSWELL DAILY RECORD's stories entitled,
"Ramey
Empties Roswell Saucer" and
"Harassed Rancher Who Located
'Saucer' Sorry He Told About It"; and an article published
in the Alamogordo News, July 10, 1947 concerning multiple
balloons and targets.
In the July 8, 1947 article it is made clear that the
object, "landed on a ranch near Roswell sometime last
week."
This would seem to indicate that the object was
found by the rancher sometime during the first week of July
However, in the July 9th article the rancher states
• that he found
the material on June 14, 1947 and picked some
of it up on July 4, 1947 to take to town.
In the same
July
9th edition of the ROSWELL DAILY RECORD was the story
dismissing the object as a weather balloon and radar target
device.
What the Air Force report doesn't say is that the rancher
was escorted by military personnel to give the story that
appeared in the July 9th article.
Also, the rancher stated
in that article, "I am sure what I found was not any
weather observation balloon."
The rancher was guite
familiar with weather balloons, having
found two on the
ranch prior to this event.
Also, the description of the
object changed in this article to conform with a balloon
that had been exposed to the weather for some time. The
description given in this article is not indicative of the
balloon photographs that appeared with the General Ramey
article.
Futhermore, changing the date of the find from
the first week of July to June 14, 1947 would be important
to support any belief that the object was a balloon.
In
particular, flight #4 of the Project Mogul Balloon trains.
The Air Force report has this to say about the Alamogordo
News article of July 10th, 1947: "However, on July 10,
1947, following the Ramey press conference, the Alamogordo
News published an article with photographs demonstrating
muliple balloons and targets at the same location as the
NYU group operated from at Alamogordo AAF.
Professor Moore
expressed surprise at seeing this since his, was the only
balloon test group in the area.
He stated, 'It appears
that there was some type of umbrella cover
story to protect
our work with Mogul.'"
At the time this article was released, Project Mogul was a
TOP SECRET Project. who released the
story and for what
reason? why release such a story at the very location of
the TOP SECRET Project involved
and run the risk of drawing
attention to that project?
Could it be that the story was
released and the Army Air Force was willing to compromise
che TOP SECRET Mogul project to create some type of
umbrella cover story to protect another event considered
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2639, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aiter the Ramey press conference, many of the daily
newspapers were not "buying" the
balloon story.
For this
reason, I believe the Army Air Force made a conscious
decision to release a story on the Project Mogul so that
in Roswell could be supported as just a
balloon.
I also, believe that for this reason the Army Air
Force convinced the rancher to change the date of the
discovery of the object from the first week of July to June
14th, thereby supporting the story, even more, that the
object was nothing more than Project Mogul flight #4. By
taking these actions the Army Air Force had put in place an
officially sanctioned deception program to confuse and
defuse any
reporter that would have gone after the story,
convinced that the object was not a balloon.
Sadly,
I believe the Air Force fell victim to their own deception
program with the release of their report, that I believe
was put in place 47 years ago.
The Air Force report could not overlook that many people
have come forth, permitting their names to be used and
telling their stories which do not support the contention
that the object was a
balloon of any type. The Air Force
report had this to say about these witnesses:
"Persons who
have come
forward and provided their names and made claims,
may have, in good faith but in the 'fog of
misinterpreted past events."
However, the Air Force does
not even consider this
a possibility when it comes to their
own witnesses (those witnesses supportive of the Air Force
conclusion that the object was
a balloon).
To be sure, if one's testimony supports the Air Force
position, that the object was a balloon, your thinking is
intact.
However, if the witness'
testimony does not
support the Air Force conclusion, that the Roswell Object
balloon, then the
person's
thinking is clouded by
the, "fog of time" according to the Air Force report.
The Air Force knowing that the testimony of several key
witnesseses would more than likely not support the balloon
conclusions such not enegal Arous Exe and Colone i Thomas
DuBose just to name a few.
While I firmly believe that the Air Force set out to prove
the "Roswell Incident" was just a balloon, I cannot forget
the words of an Army Colonel. In this case also, it was
important that a conclusion be drawn that supported the
U.S. Government's position and not necessarily the right
conclusion.
Those words were, "Witnesses sometimes make
conflicting statements to different investigators.
men can and may reach different conclusions based on
identical evidence."
In regards to possible classified records, the Air Force,
"reviewed appropriate classified records for any tie-in to
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2762, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this matter (the Roswell Incident)." This
is what the Air
Force report had to say about these records:
With regards
to highly classified records, it should be noted that any
programs that employ enhanced
security measures or controls
are known as a Special Access Programs (SAPs).
The
authority for such programs comes
from Executive Order
12356 and flows from the Department of Defense to the
Services via DOD Directive 5205.7.
These programs are
implemented in the Air Force by Policy Directive 16-7, and
Air Force Instruction 16-701.
These directives contain
detailed remarmal contons and es a teport from
very strict manner, all SAPs.
the Secretary of the Air Force to the Secretary of Defense
(and ultimately to Congress) on all SAPs submitted for
approval, and a certification that there are no 'SAP-like'
This statement is true, in that this is the way SAP-like
programs are suppose to work.
However, I have yet to find
that member of Congress that will admit full knowledge of
the Iran-Contra Affair. Also, The National Security Agency
(NSA), Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and most of the
used SAP-like programs to cover-up activities they wished
BE SATE programe to over p
that make up the Intelligence network have
to conceal from Congress.
The Air Force report makes no mention of the Air Force
so-called "Blue Room," Project Moon Dust, Or Operation Blue
All of these missions, in my opinion, would play an
important role in any search for the truth as to what the
Roswell object really was.
Yet, when I asked the Air Force
about these missions the response I received was, "I never
heard of those (Blue
Room, Project Moon Dust, and Operation
Blue Fly) operations."
Senator Barry Goldwater once asked General Curtis LeMay if
he could have a look at what was in the Blue Room located
at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. General LeMay's
response was,
"Not only can't you get into it but don't you
ever mention it to me again."
I have letters from Senator
Barry Goldwater admitting that he was, in fact, denied
access to this
• facility.
The peace-time missions of both Project Moon Dust and
Operation Blue
Fly deal with the recovery of, among
things, "objects of unknown origin." The Air Force's
response to me, in response to Freedom of Information
requests, for information on these two missions was to
neither confirm nor deny their existence. This type of
response is indicative of a SAPs-like program.
Yet,
accoraing to the All Force, the records pertaining to these
nissions were never checked for any possible tie-in with
the recovery of "objects of unknown origin". Furthermore,
documents released by agencies, such as, the Defense
Intelligence Agency and the State Department clearly
indicate that UFo reports were collected fron foreign
7

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2748, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
countries under the codename, "Moon Dust."
I asked for and received the assistance of Senator Jeff
Bingaman's office in an effort to get the Air Force's
records on Project Moon
Dust and Operation Blue Fly
released. The Air Force's first response to the Senator's
office was, "these missions have never existed." However,
I provided the
Senator's office with some 23 documents
clearly showing these "missions" did, in fact, exist.
time the Senator's office was provided with a
watered-down
response in an
effort to convince the Senator's office that
these mission were never used, although they did, at one
time,
exist.
Once again, the documents released by other
agencies clearly indicate these missions were used and the
watered-down statement provided to the Senator's office was
nothing more than an effort on the part of the Air Force to
conceal this fact.
Of course, the Air Force realizing that people like myself
would know the Air Force did not check all their records
had this to say:
"It is anticipated that detractors fron
this effort will complain that 'they did not search record
group abay or reel a etc. that's where the real
Such complaints
are unavoidable and there is
no possible way that the millions of records under Air
Force control could be searched page by page. The team
endeavored to make logical searches
in those
places where
records would most likely be found."
To this charge, all I can say is this; had the Air Force
been more concerned
about being as fully open as possible
when "detractors" such as myself asked them questions about
such things as the Blue Room, Project Moon Dust, Operation
Blue Fly, etc., they would not be caught in this dilemma.
Remember, the
All Force has always stated there was nothing
classifiable about UFO's.
However, when guestioned about
UFO's, in connection with the above
mentioned missions, the
Air Force response was,
"these missions have never
existed," "the information necessary to respond to your
reguest
is properly classified," or "we may neither deny
nor confirm the existence or nonexistence of records
responsive to your request."
Such "complaints" are
avoidable in our form of government.
It's called being
open and honest with the people.
Something the Air Force,
among other government agencies, have yet to learn.
The Air Force report had this to say about early
consideration of extraterrestrial spacecraft:
"All the
records, however, indicated that the focus of concern was
not on aliens, hostile or otherwise, but on the Soviet
Union.
Many documents from that period
speak to the
possibility of developmental secret Soviet aircraft
overflying US airspace.
This, of course, was of major
concern to the fledgling USAF, whose job it was to protect
these same skies."
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2726, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
First, where did the Air Force get the idea that
Congressman Schiff was looking for "proof" of
extraterrestrial
spacecraft?
Congressman Schiff and his
staff have made it quite clear that they were looking for
records (documents) as to what the Roswell object really
was.
Nothing more or nothing less.
The one thing that
Congressman Schiff and his staff was not looking for, was
evidence of "extraterrestrial spacecraft."
Secondly, this
statement can only be made out of the Air Force's ignorance
of their early history in dealing with the flying disc
phenomenon.
In July or August, 1948, the Air Technical Intelligence
Center did a Top
Secret
study of the flying disc
co hate Being honeye!
The study was in the form of an "Estimate of
the Situation." The situation being flying discs and the
estimate being they, the flying discs, were
interplanetary.
However, the late, General Hoyt s.
Vandenberg would not buy
interplanetary spacecraft and
directed some strange actions to be done with this report.
General Vandenberg directed that the report be declassified
and then destroyed.
If a report is classified you may
order its destruction without declassifying it.
However,
you must complete a documented record of its destruction.
If a document is declassified, then there exist no reason
for its ordered destruction because it would be considered
not to have any national security value.
So, why would
General Vandenberg order this document to first be
declassified and then destroyed?
Could it be that he took this action in order to insure the
American Public would never see or even know of the
existence of this document? Remember, if you order
classified document destroyed there is a documented record
of its existence and destruction.
However, if you order a
document to be declassified and then destroyed, no such
record exist.
In conclusion, I believe the Air Force set out to "prove"
the Roswell object was nothing more than a balloon device.
During their research, they came across the "evidence" that
was planted 47 years ago as part of an officially
sanctioned deception program to conceal the events
occurred here at Roswell, New Mexico In July, 1947 and even
then, the best they could come up with was that the object
was "most likely" flight #4 of Project Mogul.
Furthermore,
I believe
the Air Force at that time was willing to
sacrifice Project Mogul to further conceal the events that
had occurred here in Roswell. Remember, after the release
of the story, appearing in the Alamogordo News, on July
10th, 1947, the security of Project Mogul had effectively
been
both
breached
and compromised.
I believe history will record this about the so-called
"Roswell Incident," and that is; what ever was found that
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1023, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...è
day in July 1947, will never be completely resolved. The
tell its people the whole
truth about UFO's. Not even the
United States Government.
We now know that most world governments have highly
classified records on UFOs and many of these
sightings/incidents cannot be readily explained away even
after careful analysis.
We also know that much of this
information is shared among the many countries. So, one
might ask, if this is truely the case, who is the
information being kept from and why?
The Air Force will never be in a position of explaining
away many of the reported UFO sightings/incidents even with
the many advances of modern-day science. Many reports of
Unidentified Flying Objects still continue to be reported
fxom around the world and science has yet to evolve to that
point of perfection
solve and answer the many questions
this phenomenon invokes.
The greatest mystery of the
Twentith Century will,
in my opinion, continue to be the
greatest mystery of the Iwenty-First Century.
Clifford E. Stone
10
