{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T17:53:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2981634, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124018-clifford-stone-ufo-report-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "aba20358c3c75f9070dff549039190aa6e8d6e7ecfdf285a62babe759e038ec8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 2822, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
About 10:30 P.M. on Thursday, July 21, I stepped out of my barn door
to take a leak, and noticed through the tops of the trees an intense white
light moving slowly in my direction. I live on the edge of a forest, so
don't have a large horizon when the foliage is on the trees. The light
came into view above the tree-tops as a precise half-circle emitting
intense white light. There was a thin band of deep sapphire-blue light
around the curved part of the half-circle, but not along the straight
part. It was about twice the size of the moon. I looked to see if the
moon was also visible, but did not see it. There were some clouds in the
sky. The light, which had appeared from the west, stopped moving and
hovered above the trees. Although it is difficult to estimate distances,
I guess it was about a quarter of a mile away. There was no sound.
I could not make out any structure, even with the help of binoculars.
All that registered was intense white and sapphire-blue light. It was not
so intense as to hurt my eyes to look at it, but I was wearing tinted
glasses for night-driving, which I always wear as they are my only
remaining pair of glasses with my prescription in them. It did not emit
any beams of light. After I had watched it for about five minutes, I
phoned Barbara Bartholic in Tulsa. She asked me if I had any missing time.
I said no, as before going to the door I had been watching the Democratic
Convention on TV, coverage of which had just ended and gone on to the local
news, all of which I could hear from just outside the front door where I
was standing, and there had been no gaps. I told Barbara I was going to go
back and see if it was still there, and would phone her again as soon as it
took any definite action, such as going away or approaching closer.
I stepped out the door and it was still there, in the same position.
After about 15 more minutes, it slowly went over the tree-tops in a slightly
different direction from which it had come in, going toward the north-west.
It did not have to travel far to go out of sight in that direction, where
the forest comes almost right up to my barn. I phoned Barbara and told her
it was no longer in sight, and I'd phone her back if there were any
further developments.
That night it took me a long time to go to sleep, as I was
understandably quite excited. I finally fell into a very deep sleep in
which there was some very intense dreaming, which I am unable to remember,
except for the brief fragment of it which woke me up. I dreamed that there
was someone at my door, and woke up convinced that there was actually
someone at my door, someone with a light at my door. I sat up in bed and
looked around. I can see the door from my bed, and always leave a dim night
light on. The door was shut as usual, and there was no unusual light or

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2758, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
knocking or other sounds. The dogs were quiet. It was still the middle of
the night. I didn't look at my watch, just realised I had been dreaming
and went back to sleep.
On the following day, I checked my body for unusual marks or aches or
pains, but did not find any. My health appeared to be normal, except that
I couldn't seem to get enough sleep. I normally sleep about ten hours a
night. During the two days that followed the incident, I slept the double
of what I normally sleep. I was sleeping a full twenty hours a day. I
would sleep 12 or 14 hours, much longer than usual, then get up, have a
cup of tea since I'm out of coffee, sit down in front of my typewriter,
then find myself dropping off to sleep all over again, and would wind up
by going back to bed, as there is no point in sitting in front of a
typewriter if one is unable to concentrate. However, by the third day my
sleep patterns and ability to work had returned to normal.
As dusk fell on the evening after the incident, July 22, I looked at
the moon and saw it was exactly at its half. I then began to doubt my own
perceptions. After all, I have been working non-stop on my new book about
UFOs for many months, my attention completely focused on this subject.
For the last two months I have been living in complete isolation, without
any human contact at all except by mail or telephone, living on a close-to-
starvation diet due to lack of money. I hadn't taken any hallucinogenic
drugs during this period, not even grass, as none was available. But I
had been excited by the enthusiasm generated at the Democratic Convention,
and perhaps that, in combination with the prolonged social isolation and
Spartan diet, had caused me to hallucinate. I phoned
Barbara in Tulsa and
expressed these doubts. She reminded me that it had been about 10:30 P.M.
when I had phoned her the night before, and suggested that I wait until
10:30, take a look at the sky, and then call her back. If the moon was
visible in the same area of the sky where I had perceived the luminous
phenomenon, then I probably did hallucinate, but to wait until 10:30 and
then check it out.
I waited until 10:30, then once again opened the door and stepped
outside, being careful to position myself exactly where I had stood the
night before. The half-moon was clearly visible, but in a completely
different portion of the sky than what I had perceived. The moon was to
the south, and much higher in the sky than what I had perceived, which
had been just above the tree-tops. Desides, the blue-rimmed intense
luminosity had been entirely different from normal moonlight. I phoned
Barbara, and we agreed that on the previous night the moon had probably
been behind a cloud, so what I had seen was probably not the moon.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 2873, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
That night I again had an unusually heavy sleep, in which there was
intense dreaming that I was again unable to recall, except for a brief
final fragment: that there was someone standing at the door, which was
open, wearing a strange hat, similar to the very broad-brimmed straw hats
worn by peasants in south-east Asia. I couldn't tell if the figure was
male or female, or recall other details of the clothing. It did appear to
be of normal height, but was holding its head at an angle such that the
wide brim of the hat concealed the face.
On the following night, July 23, I again emerged from a deep sleep
in which there had been intense dream activity, able to remember only one
brief final fragment of it: that there was someone standing at the door.
That someone was the Egyptian god Anubis, a human with the head of a
jackal, but instead of the traditional Egyptian regalia, he was wearing a
modern military uniform. In the dream what astonished me was not a human
with the head of a black dog appearing at my door, as in the dream I
recognised him as my old friend Anubis. What astonished me in the dream
was to see my old friend Anubis wearing a modern military uniform, instead
of his traditional Egyptian regalia.
These are the only fragments of the puzzle that have come to light
so far, except for one incident that occurred about a week before the UFO
sighting. I don't know how it connects with the rest of the puzzle, but
have a strong intuitive hunch that somehow it does connect. I don't
remember the exact day, just that it was about a week before the sighting.
It was about 11 A.M.#, the time the mailman usually passes. I heard
the mailman's car pull up by the mailbox, and started to run toward the
door of my barn, being eager to get my mail, then suddenly recoiled and
did a double-take, finding myself confronted with a copperhead about four
feet long, which had crawled inside the house, and was between me and the
door. I had left the door open, as I usually do after waking up in the
morning. I have come upon copperheads and other snakes, both venomous
and not, many times when walking in the woods, and always carry a machete
during snake season when walking in the woods in case there is a problem,
but in my ten years in the Ozarks have never once had to use the machete
on a snake. What has always happened is that upon seeing the snake, I
freeze, we look at each other, then the snake continues on its way and
I continue on my way. This time I froze, and we looked at each other, but
the copperhead was not moving. He was not going to retreat, he was not
going to continue on his way, he was going to go for me. So I grabbed
my machete and got him before he got me, whacking his head off. Having
done this with regret, as I hardly ever kill a wild animal if I can
avoid it, I wondered whether 1 should add him to my usual pot of stew to

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2700, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
get some much-needed protein, but didn't know how one would go about
cooking a copperhead. I offered the carcass to the dogs, who usually
leap upon any carcass in no matter what condition avidly, but the dogs
weren't interested. I decided that if the dogs weren't interested, it
might not be good for me either, so picked it up with my machete and
threw it in the bushes. What makes me think that this incident is
connected to the UFO incident is that the area where I whacked the snake's
head off was spattered with snake-blood and venom, leaving a stain on
the cement floor that is still there. That is the exact same area where
in my dreams I perceived the figure wearing a hat similar to a Vietnamese
peasant hat, and the Egyptian god Anubis wearing a modern military
uniform. This area is also only two steps away from where I was standing
while watching the anomalous nocturnal light.
I received a phone call a few days later from Linda Howe, and was
about to tell her what had happened, when she started telling me about
new information coming in that supports the theory of warfare between two
rival E.T. groups, which humanity is in the middle of without realising it.
One E.T. faction is led by reptilian humanoids (short Grays), and is at
present dominant. The other faction is led by E.T.s ancestral to humanity
(tall Blonds or "Swedes"), Who have at present been obliged to retreat to
other dimensions that are inaccessible to the Grays, but are preparing to
return suddenly in force, in order to liberate this planet from the
domination of the Grays. So that also connects in some way with the
copperhead episode.
A few days after that, I received a whole batch of important
information concerning reptilian humanoids from researcher Tal Levesque,
who included a tape entitled "The Klaatu Dreams". This tape is a highly
sophisticated mix of a wide variety of material, which climaxes with a
portion of a sermon in which the preacher predicts that when least
expected the archangel Michael will come out of the sky and strike off
the head of that great serpent, Satan. So that also connects.
In view of the bizarre personality changes being noticed in some
researchers recently, I have been particularly attentive to anything which
might even hint at a major shift in thought-patterns. However, I picked up
my work on the book from exactly where I had left off, developing the same
themes I had been at work on as vigorously as before, without any
noticeable shift in opinions. The only type of negative effect, either
mental or physical, has been the two days of extreme fatigue, which was
alleviated without further inconvenience by sleeping about 20 hours a day
for those two days.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 2800, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
On the morning of Aug. 30, I dreamed that I was living in a large
house, quite different from my present one, as if I was wealthy and there
were quite a few family members and friends living with me. The front
doorbell rang, and I went to answer it. When I opened the door, there
facing me was my skeleton. I knew it was my skeleton, not just a skeleton.
It was of a gray color, as if covered or coated with some substance of that
color with roughly the texture of clay. Ny reaction was to treat it just
like any other guest who turned up at the front door, tired and dirty from
traveling. I said, "Oh, come on in!" with no surprise at all, and directed
it down stairways and through rooms, saying "There's a room. over here
where you can rest for a bit. Then when you've had a rest, we can get you
cleaned up." In my mind, getting it cleaned up had to do with washing off
the gray clay-like substance. The skeleton seemed surprised at my reaction,
or rather lack of reaction, as if it had expected me to panic. In the dream
my logic was that this was something that had been extracted from me, and
that I was able to function without, since 1 was still walking around and
functioning normally, so I had no need to be concerned, beyond feeling
somewhat responsible for its well-being, as one would for a visiting family
member. I was showing it the way to a room where it could rest when the
alarm went off, as I had agreed to meet a neighbor who was driving into
town early in the morning.
As I re-read the dream after writing it down, a line from one of my
early LSD poems came to mind: "after I have made a flute from the bones of
my own skeleton, then I can begin to dance."
Thinking of the way I had described the skeleton, as something that
had been extracted from me and that I was able to function without, I
wondered if the dream might have been a screen memory of the Grays having
made a clone, of me. Even if they had done this, since there had to be at
least one cell of the real me in it, I felt 1 should be able to have some
degree of control over it. I felt certain that if I had reacted with fear
when it appeared in the doorway, it would have dominated me and turned me
into a slave. Since I did not react with fear or any other negative emotion,
I had retained control of the situation.
Barbara Bartholic has repeatedly described to me how at one point
during her research several years ago, she had to stop her activities
because weird accidents kept happening to her and the members of her
immediate family. For example, she would be going to mail a letter, and
all of a sudden a horse would appear and step right on her foot, sending
her to the hospital instead of the post office. Similar types of strange
accidents were happening also to her children. She felt as if certain

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2630, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
areas of research were forbidden knowledge, taboo territory - but those
are precisely the most interesting areas, where we find out what is really
going on, instead of what they want us to believe is going on. She took
a break from her research for a while, then after things seemed to have
calmed down, she began again, bit by bit at first, then more intensively,
particularly after meeting me. She has always expressed dread that these
weird accidents might start happening again.
On Aug• 31, Barbara phoned from Tulsa. She had decided to dub a copy
of her tape of the lecture that John Lear had given in Dallas, in order to
send it to me. In the middle of dubbing the tape, her machine had blown
out paranormally, destroying her expensive dubbing machine. She expressed
concern that she might be getting into dangerous territory. She had been
informed of several abductions involving young children, one of whom was
her five-year-old grand-daughter. She had extensive talks with these
children, videotaping them as she did so, and found out things she was
unable to talk about on the phone. She was very upset, and said she would
tell me when she saw me. She mentioned that her daughter, mother of the
grand-daughter, had also been abducted, but that she had only videotaped
the children. She said one weird thing that kept happening while she was
videotaping the children was that the phone kept ringing, but every time
she picked it up there was strange computer-like insectile buzzing and
beeps, so she just hung up. I told her that if she was getting danger
signals, it might be a good idea to ease off for a bit. She said she
understood that would be the prudent course, but after having found out
about what was being done to the children, she was not in a prudent mood,
that she was fighting mad to the point of no longer being concerned for
her personal safety. This was something the world needed to know about.
I wished her fuck, and that was the end of the conversation.
On Sept. 9 the wife of the old sea-captain who lives nearby loaned me
a book by Riley Crabb of Borderland Sciences Research Foundation, saying I
could only keep it for one day, because someone else wanted to read it.
I read it twice during that one day, and typed out several pages that I
wanted to quote in my book, which included the following passage:
"Betty Andreasson's two sons (James, 21, and Todd, 17) were killed in
an automobile accident 24 hours after she decided to change her mind about
serving the aliens, and to break her agreement with them. Before the
accident, while she and Bob Luca were talking on the phone, a male voice,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2789, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
livid with anger, spoke to them in an unintelligible tongue. Peculiar
tickings and tones could be heard. Vivid mental impressions overwhelmed
Betty's mind, causing her great sorrow. frightened, she and Bob terminated
the phone call and phoned their respective UFO investigators to report the
weird happening. To Raymond Fowler she said: "They were angry, just like
an insect. It was like you would picture a mad hornet or an ant gouging
away at something. The words just kept on going and repeating over and over."
One of the reasons I typed out that passage was the similarity between
that phone call and the phone calls Barbara had described.
The next morning, Sept. 10, I go to my mailbox and what do I find but
a letter from Riley Crabb, mailed from New Zealand on July 19, saying how
much he liked my book, explaining that he now lives in New Zealand, having
had to leave the United States because the CIA made life intolerable for
him here.
Sept. 11 Barbara phones me, and informs me in tears that on Sept. 4
her daughter, the mother of the grandchild, had an automobile accident.
Before the daughter left home that day, as she looked in the mirror, the
words came into her mind, "I'm too young to die." She dismissed this and
continued what she was doing, which included driving her pickup along a
stretch of road she drives over almost daily. No one has yet been able to
figure out why the pickup went out of control and down an embankment,
sending her through the windshield. She was in the hospital, hovering
between life and death, her face destroyed, her husband not knowing where
to find the money necessary for plastic surgery.
There is not much one can say to comfort someone in a situation like
that. Words are inadequate. I did my best, but was painfully aware of the
inadequacy. We agreed that it was not a time to push the research any
further, that the emphasis should be on organising the information
already obtained, rather than continuing to search out new information.
On the next day, Sept. 12, I received a phone call from my wife in
France, saying that on Sept. 7 our youngest daughter had an automobile
accident in Chicago, in which she went through the windshield, and was in
the hospital hovering between life and death, her face destroyed, her
husband not knowing where to find the money necessary for plastic surgery.
I crumpled up into a state of shock from which I have not yet emerged.
I phoned Linda Howe and told her what had happened. She thought it
must be coincidence. İ replied that in view of the multiple synchronicities,
I did not consider that to be likely. As we were talking, she said "Just
a minute, there's a call on the other line." I waited. When she came back
on, she said that the call on the other line had been weird computer-like

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2054, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
buzzing and beeping, like what Barbara had described, but she still thought
the accidents of the two daughters had to be coincidence. I could only
repeat what I had already said. Once again she asked me to wait, as there
was a call on the other line, which turned out to be again the weird
computer-like buzzing and beeping. In spite of all this, she continued to
insist that it must be coincidence, so we left it at that and said
goodnight.
Another chunk of material I summarised from Riley Crabb's book before
finding out about the "accidents" may be relevant. According to Crabb, the
first direct contact between E.T.s and high-level U.S. government officials
took place in 1954 at Muroc Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base in California
The E.I.s present on that occasion were what Crabb terms the "Good Guys",
the same group I've been referring to as the Blonds, in appearance very
much like us. They warned President Eisenhower and the members of his staff
that the nuclear arms race must be stopped, or a war that destroyed the
planet's biosphere would be inevitable. They refused to provide us with
any weapons systems, but offered to show us how to obtain free energy, so
we would no longer be obliged to pollute our environment to produce
energy •
Eisenhower listened to his advisors, and made the wrong choice. Bernard
Baruch did not want to see fem
free energy disrupt the
economic system. Bishop McIntyre did not want to see the anti-Communist
drive of the Church blunted, or the Church's dogma challenged. The Chiefs
of Staff did not want to give up their nuclear weaponry. So Eisenhower
refused the offer of the Good Guys (Blonds), who moved out as the Insectoids
(Grays) moved in. The E.T. group our government has been dealing with ever
since has been the Insectoids (Grays), who I now think of as the celestial
Mafia.
My laught is now out of the hospiral and our of
danger, hit still in nail of plastie surgery. My wife is on
Res way even from Framen, and will arrive with the nest fee
Layo.
How hid your risit with Tom work out?
George
