{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T19:06:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 191747, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304191860831944, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124065-intelligence-moles-in-high-ufo-circles-by-ed-komarek.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540990870000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124065-intelligence-moles-in-high-ufo-circles-by-ed-komarek.pdf", "source_sha256": "9b13f186908abdfe95ef4c8a8d48af01891c9526faf2c6c4be030583018cf2c2"}

INTELLIGENCE MOLES IN HIGH UFO CIRCLES


                This paper is a attempt to promote discussion of what could
          become a most heated debate.     I would like to discuss and speculate
          on the issue of the penetration, infiltration and control of the
          UFO community by various intelligence agencys and other organs of
          government.     I would like to state here for the record that I am not
          accusing any of Lho people I am discussing in this paper or elsewhere
          of being intelligence moles.      I am simply saying that the posiblility
          is that some of them could be.      I want to make the UFO leadership
          accountable to the UFD community, I do not want to tarnish the
          reputations of any innocent party.      I do want a increased public
          scrutiny of the UFO leadership expecialy were potential conflicts
          of interest exist between the UFO community which seeks the whole
          truth and the inteligence community which is responsible for the
         r massive UFO coverup.     This said I would expect to be continously
         ~I lmisrepresented in what I say because of the emotion my statements
         j nay bring.    Instead of resisting public exposure and debate I would
         4 hope.1that those with intelligence connections and backgrounds will
         n l w.elcome the debate.

4               I tend to look at the UFO community as a inteligence agency
          dedicated to knowing the truth about ET/UFO's and informing the
          1public of the whole truth and nothing but the truth.    Like a
          intelligence agency the UFO community gathers, process and distributes
d    t   ,,information.     Today the UFO community acts as would a intelligence
1,
         . agency that was fully compromised and in turmoil and disaray unable
          Ito carry out its mission.    I think this is no accident for the
          evidence suggests that the UFO community has been devastated by
         ,,forces that act on it both externaly and internaly.     I believe with-
          touth 1outside interference the UFO community would have broken the
          back of the coverup long ago.     I think we could reasonably assume
          that the UFO community could be considered a potential competeing
         ;intelligence agency and even a hostile one when viewed by intelligence
          agencys intent on maintaining the coverup and control of information
         { to the public.
                                                                             2
        jr+    I have been spured along in my thinking by critics of
        ;Operation Right To Knows activities.    Operation Right To Know a
        lorganization I co-founded with Mike Jamieson is dedicated to finding
        .political solutions to what is a political problem, ie the UFO
         coverup.   I believe that ORTK is talceing up where Donald Keyhoe
        ,.of NICAP left off when he was kicked out of NICAP by CIA. affiliated
        individuals.    This well documented in Above Top Secret and Clear
         Intent.    Donald Keyhoe was a pathfinder and he eventualy realized
        ,their was a coverup and that a coverup was a politicla problem
         deserving political solutions not a scientific problem.    With the
  It    ;ouster of Donald Keyhoe+I belive that the UFO community was
        tmisdirected into scientific solutions for a scientific problem
        ;which was a false direction because if the data is altered then
        tthe science is in error.     A coverup is a political problem not
!• j'    a scientific problem. It seems to me that after the ouster of
  j      Donald Keyhoe, Dr. [Iynelc came to UFO leadership and very skillfully
         diverted attention away from political action to scientific
        =investigations knowing full well that the coverup was a political
         problem haveing participated in it while in the inteligence community.
        ,Dr. Hynek could very well have been a UFO mole who did much -damage
        .toward ending the UFO coverup.    Its entirely possible that his
         close associate Dr. Vallee may also be serveing to divert attention
         and suppress certian data.
              'To this date four'•major -figures in UFology have become critical
         of ORTK and its activities particuarly public demostrations.     From
         a rather superficial perspective it would seem that these folks
         are simply voiceing their particularly conservative views.    What
         realy bothers me however is that Karl PFlocic of FUFOR handeling
         investigations into the Roswell incedent in congress has a high
         level background with the DOD and the CIA.• Richard Hall is on
         the board of directors of FUFOR and CIA documents show that he
        (}save out the orgazational structure of NICAP to the CIA and was
         being considered in those documents for a security clearance.
         Both Karl and Richard were involved with NICAP along with
          people that had highlevel CIA backgrou nds some of which contributed
                                                 JJJ
          to the ouster of Donald Keyhoe and thgdemise of NICAP. Again

          i
                                                                                              3

             please read chapter 12 of Above Top Secret.                      To top things off
             MUFON came out against demostrating after publishing Fred & Pflock's
             letters to the editor in the MUFON journal and after Richard Halls
               r,
             page in UFO magazine. MUFON has not allowed the publication of
I'       ,
             Mike Jamiesons rebuttal; my letter to the Editor or Larry Bryants
k            letter in support of demostrations and other political activity.
             Apparenty the decision was made by Walt Andrus along with perhaps
             several other key individuals. MUFON.shond never publish only
             one side of a controversy without publishing opposing views in a
               I t
             timely manner. Even if some stuff is now published the stage has
             been Iset.                   Then I find o4it that MUFON's Corporate Secretary and
             MUFON board member a-nd-who is also on the board of FUFOR has a
             NSA background.                    Though he is not a critic yet of ORTK he could
             well have been infulential in MUFONs comming down against demostrating
             if' the dediSiOn~was made by board members of MUFON.                      All this just
             is a little to much for me to handle.                       There is far to much policy
             being made in secret and out of the public eye.                       UFOlogy needs
             to do its buisness in the sunshine.
                                     Am I just getting a little paranoid here or is something going
             on that I still know little about. There is plenty of evidence: that
              I
             government agencys and inte.ligence agencys interfer in civilian
             affairs if they think issues of national security are at stake.
                         k
             Recently a very good article circulated in mainstream press by
                               i
                         a


             Stephen Tomlcins that discusses the massive infiltration of the
             civil


                                      rights movement by army inteligence.   There were even U2
             flights over domestic cities.                     It seems there is no    end to what
             the 1National Security establishment will do if they feel that
             national security is at stake.                     Then in a article by Nolan Walters
             hett quotes a POW writer that says that the issue of POW's was
             covered up with the help of reporters working for the CIA.                       In
             another article by Mark Sauter the Pentegon denies that its files
              rrtP'
             on POW activists are illegal. Maybe     r•f we UFO activists have
                                                                     c


                             tkk •
             good reason to get paranoid.                     Given the history of interference
                     A

             often illegal, in civilian affairs can we in the UFO community be
             treated any differently?                    The National Science Foundation was even
             involved with Mustard Gas experments on World War 27.soldiers that
    ii       was covered up says a Knight Ridder article by Mark Tompson & Jim Detje
                                                                                  4
              Spy agencys regularly infiltrate, disrupt and conduct
         counterintelligence operations against each other. If the UFO
         community is percieved to be afthreat to national security and along w.
         the,resulting coverup of UFO's then why wouldn't they infiltrate
         us, and direct the UFO community away from the truth and exposure
         of the coverup.     This given their past history of meddling in
         civilian affairs.  This then poses the question of how this would
         be done and by who.
              Its every spys dream to infiltrate and subvert a adversarys
                                                                                               i,
         lnteligence organs at the highest levels of power. Anybody with
         a 4 inkling of how the intelligence community works understands this.
         I think the infiltration and'minipulation:of the UFO community has
         been a piece of cake.      Although many in the leadership of the UFO
         community will deny this posiblity and will refuse to talk about it

4        unless prodded I belive this issue must be adressed.             There is
         much evidence, available that shows that the            sorder, disaray,
         and fragmentation of the UFO community may be to external sources of
         interference both internaly and externaly in UFO civilian affairs.
         The UFO community is defenceless against intrusions by the huge
         massive intelligence agencys. Perhaps I am the closest as anybody
           t 'f
         to becoming a spy catcher and thats pitiful-
              Today we have a UFO commuity that has 'been woefully compromised
         and that conducts much of its most significant buisness out of the
         public eye and behind closed doors. We need UFOlogy in the sunshine;;
         and the exorcisms of proven intelligonce.agents from ourJp.Ii(! a'..4,i+!rd~~~~ ~ ~
         This issue must be discussed and dealt~Vith and the UPb leaders p'
         and the rest of the UFO community can't afford to keep heads in the
         sand.   I think is is fair to chalange those who may be UFO moles
         to explain their intelligence connections and backgrounds.              I
         think it is fair to hold the UFO leadership to high levelyof scrutiny
         but   not persecution. Lets have at it folks, Oh yes, if case anybody
          'I I
    „    asks I have sent lots of stuff and opinions but have heardnary a
    II
          t.D
         word back from inteligence agencys and other government organizations.
          il"   SI
         I expect most ends up in the circular file.

a l
                                                         By Id Komarek
