{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:53:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 16, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1181631, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124186-bill-cooper-lecture-november-24-1989.pdf", "source_sha256": "f21379b2691c8ffa42081694eb3c2afd74f0b4fb1733ec42c3c49ed2e30880f3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 3569, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fellow computer enthusiasts,
11-24-89
What follows is a transcript of a 45 minute lecture that I at-
tended on 11-17-89 at the "Whole Life Expo." in Los Angeles,
California. Speaking was Mr. Milton Willian Cooper who I first
became acquainted with through a text file I downloaded from a
local computer
BBS. The file dealt with the subject of UFO's and
our government's concealment of the truth about them in such a
way that it made a lasting impression on me, which is why I
attended his lecture; to learn more, Please forgive my probable
misspelling of
some of the proper nanes in the
transcript which
follows and allow that I have taken it as best I could, word-
for-word, from a less
than acceptable micro-cassette recording.
If you are as moved by what you are about to read as I was in
hearing it first hand, I ask that you please spread it as far
and wide as
possible. Upioad it to every BBS in your reach and
please, don't change
anything. Also, please give considerable
thought to Mr. Cooper's suggestions as to what we all can do to
see that this
infornation is confirmed by our government to make
then stop what they are up to.
Thank you, and
now, Milton Cooper:
"For those of you who don't know who I am,
I was raised in a
military family. My family.
this country,
¡have been government people. We have
ferment people. Neve ved In the
"served in
Military, we have been patriots, we have fought in all the wars,
we care
about this country and believe in the constitution of
"as many people don't know"
Constitution of the United
che United States. We knowyatates of America 'IS the United
that the
States of America! And that's why we've always been
ready ...to
do the things needed ...to preserve and protect it."
"When I left home I went into the Air Force, the
Strategic Air
Command. As a child I'd heard stories from my
father and pilotsy
it, and you go out and play "Space Man"
, and you forget it."
"When I was in the Air Force I met men who had participated in
alien crashed-craft recoveries. Now this intrigued me, it in-
terested me, but it was usually after quite a few bottles of
beer that these stories would come out, and sometimes the next
morning I couldn't remember what the heck the guy said."
finere everyet balan to he tenor me the or and ty inter?
Led to just go from service to sérvice
and do something that
very few people have ever done before. I was a very adventurous,
very crazy
•..young man, and I thought that that would be a
pretty exciting life. I volunteered for submarines, and while on
the submarine U.S.S. Tyroot, SS-416, on a transit between the
Portland/Seattle area and Pearl Harbor, which was our home port;
the Pearl Harbor sub base, as the port
: lookout I saw a crafts
saucer-shaped, the size of a Midway class carrier,
"aircraft
carrier, for those of Jou who don't know how big that is; it's
huge, come up out of the water approximately 2 1/2 nautical
miles off the port bow, which is about 45 degrees to the left of
the pointy end of the submarine. It tumbled slowly on its own
axis, and went up into the clouds. It appeared to be moving
'slowly sto-merat a distance of 2 1/2 nautical miles, but in
reality it was moving pretty fast because
water, did a few tumbles and it was gone "It came up out of the
then reported it to the officer of the
deck. I didn't tell
him what it was that I saw because my Daddy"didn't raise no"
fools and in case nobody else saw it I didn't want to be the
only looney onboard the ship. So I asked the officer of the deck
to help me cover that area, and he did, which is common for of-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4070, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
" ficers and lookouts to help each other while on bridge watch be-
cause they all hang together if something bad happens. After a
few
seconds of watching, the same craft, or another craft exact-
Iy like it, came down out of the clouds, tumbled again on its
own axis,
and went into the water. Ensign Ball, who was the of-
ficer of
the deck, was literally shocked! What could I say? Sea-
man Dejeralimo, who was the starboard lookout, had also witnes-
sed this, and ensign Ball called the captain to the bridge who
was
followed by the chief quartermaster who brought a 35MM cam-
lera, and we watched for between 7 and 10 minutes the same craft,
or
different craft that looked exactly alike, enter and leave
the water. It was an incredible show. I don't know if they knew
we were there, or if they even cared,
but the craft did not
glow, they were metal, they were machines without a doubt, they
were
obviously intelligently guided, they were HUGE, and having
been in the Air Force and the Navy and knowing what it takes, I
knew
without a doubt, and know it today, that that machine was
not made on the face of this Earth. Because there's nothing that
man
tumble on its own
been makes own axas, and enter the water and effectively fly
speed like that sa sl
beneath the sea." m
"If you've ever been aboard an airplane and then gone aboard a
submarine, I know there's probably some of you in this room who
have visited a submarine at one time or another, you can readily
see
just without even any of the technicalities
involved how
difficult such a thing would be to do. Where would it be built,
that size? It was absolutely incredible. It changed my life.
because then all the stories that I'd heard all my life I knew
were true,
and I
began seeing the world in a different; light."
"It wasn't long after that I was trained by Naval security in
intelligence. I was
sent to Viet Nam. I was assigned as a patrol
boat captain, first in DaNang harbor, given a crew, given a
multi-million dollar patrol boat. My job was to gather intel-
ligence from the people who lived around the harbor and the
fishermen who transited the harbor,
and maintain the safety and
security of the harbor and the shipping. After about 5-months I
was sent up North to the DMZ, to a place called Qua Vieaf [spl,
on the Tacan Isp] river. Our base camp was at the river mouth.
We were only 3-miles South of the North Vietnamese border and
our job was
to patrol the Tacan river from the river mouth to
Dang
Ha [spl, and then up the Quang Tree [sp. cutoff to Quang
Tree city, again to get to know the people on the bank, gather
intelligence, and to patrol every night and maintain the safety
and security of the river and the river traffic."
'It was while there that I discovered that there was a tremen-
lous amount of UFO and alien activity in Viet Nam: It wag alwars
reported in official" messages as 'eneny helicopters:"Now any: of
you who know anything about the Viet Nam war know
that the North
Vietnamese did not have any helicopters, especially after our
first couple of air raids into North VietNam. Even if they had as
'they would not have been so foolish as to bring them over the
DMZ because that would have insured their demise. Our troops
were fired on occasionally by these 'enemy helicopters,'
enemy
troops were fired on occasionally by these 'enemy helicopters,'
and occasionally people would disappear. And on one instance
that 'I know for sune at least one entire village disappeared one -
night due to alien
activity. The reason théy used the ter
'enemy helicopters'
in messages and dispatches was that in Viet
Nam you could be overrun at any time, no matter where you where.
They did not bring crypto encoding equipment into Viet Nan, I'm
talking about the machinery. What we did is we had crypto tab-
les,
and once werevery 24-hours those codes would be no good. So "
that's what we used. We
also, "because of the inability to use
crypto transmitting, equipment, h
had to devise code words such as 1
'enemy helicopters.'"
"When I left Viet Nam.I was eventually attached to the head-/

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 3809, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PacIfic TIeet a
overlooking Pearl Harbor, it's a beautiful white building up
there, and I
was specifically attached to the Intelligence
Briefing Team of
the Commander in Chief of the United States
Pacific Fleet.
"It was during.
this tour of duty that, in the course of my
duties,
documents
were placed in my"hands: that vere-so unbeltey-
o the fact that what Was see was alor the
a while to adjust
you who don't understand how I could come to see this" informa-m tal
tion let me give you a little short course in security clearance
and 'the need
nation i you re in the military or en the goernment, it door-
the government, it does-
n't matter which, the rules are the same."
"Number one you need a security clearance, and you've got to
have clearance at the level that the information you want to see
is" classified at «In'this instance it was classified
"Top Sec-
• which Iccane to find out
Later is theRestrest securot tossitication in the Nation to...
get that type of clearance, all you have to have is a Federal
Bureau of Investigation background check, which takes about six
months and they send
federal agents to your home, to your old
schools, to all your teachers, to your friends, to everybody you
put down
on your
security clearance forms, to all your old ad-
dresses,
your neighbors, everybody that you've worked for, and
it's embarrassing
because they don't tell them what they're
checking on.
They, just show them their identification'
and start
asking questions
'and that's when you find out who's your friend
and who's not, because a lot of people get scared and think,
'Bill just robbed a bank and I'm not talkin' to him anymore:
"Now once you get that it's called a 'B.I.'
and for those of
you who have received
a copy of my service record look on
first page, the DD-214
where it says 'Security Clesrance, the
will see the term
'B.I.' That's a
"Bureau of Investigation, you
clearance, Now
at that point, you have the clearance for every-
thing including Top Secret
and above. What determines
what you
get to see
is your need
to know, and the job that you have de-
termines what your need to know
is."
'I was assigned to the Intelligence Briefing Team of the Com-
mander in Chief of the
" United States Pacific Fleet, who*had" to
know everything"
concerning his area of operations which was one-
half of the Earth's surface; the Indian ocean, the Pacific
ocean, and all the land masses in between. Believe it or not, if
we go to
war, if we ever go to war, it's the United States Navy
that strikes
the first blow and attempts to keep the enemy at
bey while we can get ourselves together, at least historically.
Nuclear weapons have kind of done away with that concept, but
military conmanders like to talk about it anyway."
"Because of this, and you have no conception of the amount of
material and information that an area conmander has to know,
it's unbelievable, and he has to keep track of this, he has
to
keep on top of it. He has to know what's happening,
he has to
make the right decisions. Because it's almost humanly impossible
for anyone to do that, they have what's called a briefing team,
and it's our job to make sure that he has the correct informa-
tion, all the time, on a 24-hour basis. And every morning, be-
tween 8 and 9 AM,
we would give a briefing which covered
• thing that happened in the previous 24-hours, and everything
scheduled to happen in the next 24-hours,
and
all the pertinent
intelligence reports that we had received
since the last brief-
ing that he needed to know and that his staff members needed to
Inow. Occasionally we would get messages marked
"Top Secret,
'Magic, Restricted Information; '
and it would be coded in such
way that all you had were answers to questions which you didn't
know what the questions were so you really didn't know what the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 669, "chars": 3968, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
message was all about
But eventual Lound myself in, possession holding two s
documentsi one called 'Project Grudge,'
another onercalled
eration Majority ' Project Grudge contained" the history of alien
Involvenent since around" 1936, andfit' began talking about
Germany's involvement
with a erashed-disk that they had record
vered in 1936-and were attempting to duplicate the technology.
They were not successful despite what all these Nazi hunters
want to tell you. If they had been successful, we would not have
won the war, because you cannot beat those weapons! You cannot
outfly those craft, you can't even think about it with conven-
tional aircraft. If Germany had been successful, we would now
have a German flag up in front of this podium."
"They did make some
headway. When we went into
Punta Mundy
[sp] we captured documents, we got some scientists, we got some
hardware: The Russians also got some documents, some scientists.l
and some hardware. It wasn't until 1947 that we were able to
capture a craft, a whole craft, not all together but
it was
everything. And
that occurred near the city of Roswell, New
Mexico. There
were dead aliens recovered from the craft. In Pro-
ject Grudge I saw photographs of these dead aliens, of the
craft, I saw photographs of live aliens, I saw photographs "des-
autopsies,
internal organs, I saw photographs of the alien
ignated 'E.B.'[or Ebel which was held in captivity from 1949 un-
til June the 2nd, 1952 when he died.
I
saw the history of what
they had been able to at that time put together, from incidents
in the 1800's which involved aliens and their craft."
saw the names of projects. I saw a project that was to fly
recovered alien craft that had been recovered
"intact-and undan-
aged, and some of them were recovered intact and undamaged, and
how that happened I have no idea. It was called 'Project Red-
light,'
and first was conducted from the Tonopah test
range in
the Nevada test sight and then was moved to a specially built
area, ordered built by president Eisenhower, called 'Area-51, '
code
named
"Dreamland, '
in the Groom [sp] dry lake area of the
Nevada test: sight, by secret executive order, It doesnt exist
officially, if you ask anyone,
or if you write letters to the
government they will tell you
it doesn't exist. However if you
go. out there at several places
and
see it, fly outside the
boundaries and look down and see it,
according to the government it doesn't exist its there
there, but
"The project to flys
test fly these craft, was ongoing until
sometime in 1962 when
a craft blew up not far from the test
sight,
in the air, and the explosion was seen over a three-state
¡area» The pilots,were killed, they had no idea what had happened
of why the craft blew up but they put Project Redlight on hold
until a later date when the aliens supplied us with 3-craft and
personnel to help us learn how to fly these craft. '
That project
is ongoing and we now have not only alien craft that we are fly-
ing, we have craft we have built, using the captúred technology,
and
some of the UFO's that people report seeing in the United
States,
and naybe even elsewhere, are flown by United States
"That may come as a shock to you. We have technology way be-
yond the limits of what we have been told. A lot of our develop-
ment technologically,
since the end of World War II, has been
due to the exchange of technology which occurs in the area
called 'Area-51' on a regular basis ...ongoing."
i.- "When James Oberth, professor Oberth retired, many of you
don't know who he is ...not too many space people in here. Pro-"
fessor Oberth was probably one of the greatest rocket scientists
and space connentists that ever lived. When he retired, the gov-
ernment gave him a special award, there was a press conference,
all kinds of ceremony, and when he got up to speak he said,
'Gentlemen,'
and I quote professor Oberth, he said, 'Gentlemen,
we cannot take credit for all the technolorical developments

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 639, "chars": 3606, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that we have had in the last decade. We have had help,' and
that's where he stopped."
Oberth, с и
reporters raised his hand and said, 'Professor
"tell us what other country helped us?'"
"He said,
'It was those little guys fron out in space,' and
then he got" down and and would "not comment any further: Now this
¿ ""will teìl you ladies and gentlémen
of things going on all the time, we are making rapid progress in
èxposing this. Since I have begun talking, people have been con-
ing out of the woodwork at a rapid rate, who know and have
pieces óf this puzzle, and are helping us to "put it together,
because I don't have all the answers. I saw an awful lot of ma-
terial, I have remembered an awful lot of it, I have probably,
in my
remembering, made some mistakes
,and I guarantee you
they're minor ones, if I have."
"We have just recently, for
that the Jason Society of the Jason Scholars, the secret group
existed, we now have a letter from the Pentagon, with 51 names
of the Jason Scholars,
Apon the Pentagon that they hold the protoco rang on ar aton f
miral, and are treated as such on any military installation or
in any government office. There are 6 Nobel Prize winners on
that list, there are the elite of the elite of the scientific
world, they are the only ones who really know the truth about
the technology today and about the real science of physics,
cause the one that we're being taught all the
send your kids to college to learn physics you're wasting your
it's not true,
is. There IS a Unified Theory! We already know what it is, it's
what makes these craft work. It's absolutely incredible what's?
going on."
"How many of you keep up with Billy Goodman's show on KVEG out
of Las Vegas? For those of you who don't, I would try tuning in
on any night between 10:00 PM and 1:00 AM. It's 840 on your AM
dial, and the subject every night are those subjects that no
other media person in the United States will touch with a 10-
foot pole, every single night except Saturday night. It's
only
show that you can call in and talk to another caller,
- hat or can it in
the
you've got 3-minutes to say whatever you want to say as long as
you don't cuss or swear or slander anyone, and every night
they're helping to expose this."
"When John Lear and I first said what was going on out at
Groom Lake everybody said,
both at and gor ou
'You're nuts, there's nothing going
on out at Groon
Lake!' The listeners of
the Billy Goodman radio
show put together an excursion and went up to Groom Lake and
they all, ever since, every night, they go up there and watch
them test fly the alien craft ...every night! The first night
they had 100 people there. And 100 people saw 4 alien craft
doing
things that no atrplane and no helicopter can do. Now thes
don"t tell is" anymore that there's nothing happening at Groom
Lake. What they tell us now is there's no
such thing as aliens,
it's all government secret projects. That's okay because we'll
prove that wrong too eventually, it just takes awhile. Because
where we WERE ...it's not where we're AT, and I'm really happy
about that."
"Now, if you want
your alien programs
1 5r 2025 on 6ol a co.
to see what's happening right now, keep
watching your movies, keep watching your television conmercials,
on television, read Whitley Streeper's
'Majestic' which is
a part of the
contingency plan called
1 'Ma-
festic' fto test the
reaction of the population
to the presence
of aliens on the
Earth. And I have
Whitley Streeper's book
Majestic, just finished my study of
and I'm gonna tell you right
now
that most of the documents in there, that he says are fic-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 626, "chars": 3598, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tion, are real documents that came 5254t out
It is part of the government's Campaien to Teak
in ways that they can always deny that it's real. There's only
one thing wrong with
the information in that book, the stories
of the characters in there I know nothing about. What I'm talk-
ing about are the supposed government documents that he has in
that book. I'm telling you tonight they're real. Those are some
of the sane
documents that 1-san
'Project Grudge back between
1970 & 1973 and where we have wondered before, now we know
"Whitley Streeper IS working for the government.
suspicion anyway because in the fiönt of his book he states that
he got information and was helped by the research team of Moore,
Shanderey, and Friedman. William Moore has publicly admitted
July the 1st. that
thow that the othets 1 et United States Govern-
"This
is gonna come out, and the reason
they're doing it the
they're doing it is they know eventually you're gonna find
it's all true and real. They're desensitizing you so
a te know 2, so chat the san done structure don t as 807
pieces,
so that the stock market doesn't go crazy, because these
were their original fears. Now, there's nothing we can do about
the last one because it's already happened, there will be a seg-
ment
of the population that worships the aliens, even though
they"re no different than us they're
just
"Iron somewhere else,
and they nay 1o0k a little diiierent. they are not gods. But
there are already people worshiping the aliens and they predic-
ted this would happen when they slapped the secret stamp all
over all this stuff."
"You know, there's really
nothing wrong with what's been hap-
pening except for 3 things;" [Cooper forgot to mention the 3rd
thing, or was sidetracked,
or included it into the 2nd thing. ]
Number one, when they.
decided to keep it secret they needed to
financé it,
"'they couldn't tell the public so they
"couldn't tell
Congress. They decided to finance it with the sale, importation
sale, of drugs! Now in the documents that I read, in Opera-
tion Majority,
finto this country from South and Central America by fishing
böat; to the offshore oil platforns of Sapata Oil, and then from
there into the beach, thus bypassing all Custons inspections and
law enforcement inspections of any kind. They are still bringing
in drugs,
to a limited extent, in this manner. Another manner is
by CIA contract aircraft which, one of their bases of landing
is
Homestead [sp] Ait Force
Base in Florida! We have affidavits
from air controiters who have vectored the planes in, who
made sure that they're not interfered with
have
in any way. We
have
affidavits fron personnel at Homestead Air Force Base who say
We have as hav be front bole oh, in Coun
in the offshore oil business, that yes indeed, the drugs are
coming
forms.
"In, at least some of them, from
the offshore oil plat-
From the audience came a clear statement,
"Just say no?"
"Pardon? ...Right! Just Say No! Well that's what we're gonna
do
ladies and gentlemen with your help
...we are going to say
NO, no more! And you gotta do it, you gotta act. You either
gotta act, ôr watch
your country go down
• the tubes."
"Now, that's one of the things that's"wong. The next thing
that's
wrong is, to keep the secret, they killed a lot of peoplet
who tried to leak it out! And if I hadn't done it
the way that T
did it; you wouldn't be seeing me anywhere standing or walking
on this farth now. They Killed president Kennedy and during the
workshop, for those of "you haven't seen the tape, I will show
you. on the tape, who shot the president and why. Between
270

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 3734, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"and
13win Operation Majority it stated verbatimzthat President
Kennedy ordered MJ-12 to cease the importation and sale of drugs
to tee airie presente that ended Americane titlan
to reveal the
Presence
of aliens to the
the following
year. His assassination was ordered by the policy)
committee of the Vilderbergers. MJ-12 implemented the plan and
cartied it out in
Dallas, It involved agents oi the CIA, Divis-
ton-5" of the FBI,
"Secret Service, and the office of Naval
Intelligence. fresident Kennedy was killed by the driver of hisg
car,
his name was Willian Greer, he used a recoilless, electric-
ally" operated, gas-powered
assassination pistol that was spe t
cially built by the CIA to assassinate people at close range. It
fired an explosive pellet which injected a large amount of
shellfish poison into the brain, and that is why, in the docu-
ments, lit stated that President Kennedy's brain was removed. If
you've
"studied the case,
you will find that indeed his brain
disappeared. The reason
for that is so that' they would "not find
the particlés of the exploding pellet or the shellfish poison in
his brain which would have proved conclusively that Lee Harvy
Oswald was NOT the assassin. In
fired a shot, he was the patsy. "Fact, Lee Harvy Oswald never
Mr. Cooper
paused briefly, and
a lady in the audience asked
the obvious question,
"Why haven't YOU been assassinated?"
"If they were to kill me right now, what would you think?"
Cooper posed.
"That it's
the truth, " several people chimed.
"I've got
'em right where I want
'em. If they touch me,
everyone who's ever heard me talk is gonna be absolutely
enraged
and is gonna know that everything I've said is true. As long as
they don't touch me there's gonna be some of you who are always
gonna be wondering. But eventually we're gonna bring enough
proof out, and if you're here during the workshop you're
see an awful lat of it that's gonna prove to you that it's true.
It's real. And it's
happening! "
"Okay, I've tried to cover a lot of stuff, just briefly, be-
cause there's no time in 45 minutes to get into anything very
much.
Mr. Cooper then announced the scheduled workshop session the
following day in which tangible proofs could be seen but regret-
tably I was unable to attend. He then opened up the floor to
questions and answers.
A muffled question
was barely heard coming fron the front of
the room which in essence asked,
"What about all the people in
the press and others who were in Dallas and who saw the assass-
ination? Couldn't they tell where the shot came from, why didn't
they come forward? There must have been plenty."
"There was, we know that there was at least 18 who were all
(murdered within reyears of the event. The odds of that happenine
"in 300,000" trillion," Cooper replied.
(aresain a murtled question, "Why did the DRIVER have to shoot
Kennedy?"
"Because the other fools missed! There were a total of 3-shots
fired at President Kennedy, one hit him in the throat and didn't
kill him and 2 of them hit John Connelly [sp]. The one that was
fired from the grassy knoll hit the president
in the throat. The
other 2-shots came from directly behind the limousine, not the
school book depository building, and hit Governor Connelly. Gov-
ernor connelly, in intelligence community circles, is known as a
"can do' man, because he took 2-hits and still kept his mouth'
shut;" -
" "How is it that the driver,
sitting on the front, left-hand
side of the car was able to blow off the right side of Kennedy's
brain when the bullet actually entered in, and it would have.
been virtually impossible..." another person asked.
Mr. Cooper seized the gist of his question and injected, "For
those of you who have been listenine to all these talk show

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 709, "chars": 3974, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hosts, whose job it is to be a talk show host, and who have not
done any legitimate research into this, if you come to the work-
shop, I will show you, on the tape, how it was done. You will
see
that Kennedy was,
in fact slumped over against Jackie, his
head was turned
Ithis direction], it was very simple, it was
easy and you wilt see it with your own eyes.
Another muffled, off-mike question fron a member of the audi-
ence inquiring why no one else had come forward with the infor-
mation Mr. Cooper was disseminating, and why those who knew it
Shad kept it secret for so long was
been, I'm talkin'
about it now. Bill English
quickly answered, "It hasn't
was talkin' about
fit 8-years ago but everybody laughed at Bill" English. John!
Lear's been
talkin'
"about It for 3-years and everybody laughed,
at him. "Now there's
so many people have" been
*talkin"-about
it,
people are startin' to listen and it's about time. Because it's
about time we that we quit being fools, and that's exactly what
they think we are and we prove it to then every day."
Almost all of the questions from the audience were to faint to
hear.
The next one dealt with the alien technology and asked in
essence, "Hasn't any one else [other than the government] come
up with the energy technology that the aliens have?" to which
Mr. Cooper answered,
"There's been quite a few people who've
cone up with it and
they've ALl been stopped, and they'Il all
continue to be stopped. Because once you have it you have FREE
ENERGY. Once you have free energy they no longer. have power over
you. You understand? That's why they
Another question asking, "In the film of the assassination
which was examined greatly by experts, why didn't THEY conclude
that Kennedy's driver shot him?"
, to which Cooper asked, "Exan-
ined by WHO greatly?"
, and continued, "Most of the film
that you
can purchase has that
segment cut out, and
you can always tell
it by the person running in the background, they'11 run up to
here... all of a sudden they'11 be down here... running. You
will see in most of the clips that you've ever seen on televi-
sion, or in the movies, or that you're able to get your hands
on, you'll see William
Greer start to turn like this..."
• then
muffled comment from the audience, then Cooper answered,
"That's
because they clipped it out! And on a lot of them, I'll bet you
most of you, every time you've seen the clip on television,
never looked at the driver anyway. I you ze really honest hithe
yourself, and with me, you know your eyes were
right on
Bennedy da
A woman asked if any of the alien technology was being used in
present-day military equipment and was answered, "Yes,
there's a
lot of alien technology contained in the Stealth bomber, that's
right. The Stealth fighteriwas flying 0 Yea
o-years, before you
evensknew it existed."
As the hour drew late another question, more clearly
stated,
was asked of Mr. Cooper by a woman closer to my ears, "Before
you let us all out of here, there's a bunch of us here wondering
what can we all do to help bring this all out?"
Asingleurord, "REVOLT"
massued
LIO" severa, Listeners simul-
taneously but
cooper i
responded,
"Don't revott what ou need to
do is what you should have been doing all along. You need to get
Einkelved withusour goverrment. The first thing you need to do is
purchase a copy of the Constitution, which I know that most of
you don't have anywhere in your house, and if I were to go
around
this room and ask each person what the Constitution says,
you couldn't tell me what the Constitution
says from
your grocery bill. And that's the truth! And that IS your coun-
try! So if you don't know what your Constitution is you're dead
already, so the first thing you do is you get a copy
of your
Constitution. The second thing you do is you learn it! The third
thing you do is you start calling your senators and your repre-
sentatives, and
the President of the United States and you start
leaning on then, and you telL them, u

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 3838, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the government, and unless, we start setting thentrith, and "
Past too you ever one harre ridi
baloney, this's the
re ever gonna have, period. And I'l1 do everythin
in my power to make sure that comes true.' And then write
frequently, saying the same thing. And then when they're in your
area, in
their
area offices, take a
little delegation and go see
them, and make them understand that' they're gonna be living in
porerty because they're not gonna have a job anymorę come elec-
tion day. Youlsee, the secret government nay.
_own the executive
"branch, but you people, all of us, we own the Congress, and the
Congress makes the laws, and the Congress can impeach the entire
èxecutive-branch! You also have the right to petition the gov-
ernment for a redress of injuries. So you ARE powerful, you've
just forgotten that
you're powerful, you've forgotten that that
vote
that you haven't been doing every time election comes
around, that vote has abdicated your power. That vote you did
not cast abdicated your power and gave it to those who are
subverting the Constitution and are ruining this country."
A gentleman then asked, "What was traded to the aliens
for
their technology?"
" replied Cooper succinctly.
Another man asked,
"People and animalsire the Soviet Union in on any of thisan
"The Soviet Union
and the United States of America have been
close allies since the end of World War II and have been closely
participating in the secret space program all this time. The
Soviets have
the same thing we have, yes. What you see happening
in the Soviet block
right now is not the result of people stand-
ing up and
saying,
International bankers saying,
"We want to be free.' It's the result of the f
'You tear down
these barriers, and
you meet the west half way, give your" people" some freedom, the'"
West is gonna take some freedon away from their people so that
we can put together a one-world economic system ...and have all
the power. That's what's happening! If you don't believe it,
stick around and watch it!"
A dubious woman then asked, "Why was the shellfish poison
necessary? A lot of his brain was blown off anyway."
Cooper: "The shellfish poison? If you go to kill
someone, one
thing I've learned, I learned it real good, I learned it espe-
cially good when I went to Viet Nan; just
"cause you shoot some-
one doesn't mean they're gonna die. And if they don't die,
ther'se gonna be MAD. And if they've got a gun, Jou're dead. So
you want the first time" to be the
Tast time.
So if you really
want to to kill somebody you don't play around. If you REALLY
want to kill somebody ...you KILL them, you don't play, you make
sure that when you shoot them, they're dead. That way they can't
hurt you, can't hurt you at all."
Regrettably, the next question was totally unintelligible, I
se you at all they re
was thankful however that Mr. Cooper had a good public address
system to amplify his reply,
"The first moon landing was May the
22nd, 1962... or excuse
me, that was the first landing on Mars.
I'm sorry, May the 22nd, 1962 was the winged probe that used a
hydrozine propeller, flew around approximately 3-orbits and lan-
ded on May the 22nd, 1962, was a joint United States / Russian
endeavor. The first
during the ...probably middle 50's, because at the time when
President Kennedy stated that he wanted a man to set foot on the
moon by the end of the decade
we already had
a base there."
"What about Mars?" came another quick question.
"We have a base on Mars also, " Cooper calmly replied.
"When did that happen?"
"I don't know the
exact date but I know the project's name, it
dadam and Eye
"How Tong have
vou known about this?"
"Well, I revealed it publicly for the first time on July the
2nd, 1989, and within 3-weeks of the time I revealed it public-
1y,
the government, to get the American people not to listen to

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 3775, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
me, came out and said that they planned to build a base on the
moon and a colony on Mars. Now, 3-days previous to my speech,
representatives fron NASA
said,
"We can never have a colony
on
Mars, it's impossible that there's a colony on Mars because Mars
is a dead planet.' Adult's NOT a dead Planet ther ve lied toy
you about
- Mars. "
"My name is
Dave "tunintelligiblel; I'm a representative of the
Crystic Institute, and I'd like to know why it was that when we
sent a representative down to your home, at your request, you
-failed
to produce any documentation to substantiate your allega-
tions."
"In
the first place it was NOT at my request, I have never
contacted the Crystic Institute in my life. I
was on the Carol
Hemingway Show, she contacted the Crystic institute, she told
Daniel Shehan [sp]
that I had just said something about Bush
and
drugs on her show. HE called ME and told me he wanted to send an
investigator, in fact he told me to even help the investigator
because he was new at the job, his name was Wayne Nelson, he is
a very good gentleman, he stayed at my house for 2-days,
slept
overnight on my couch, I gave him everything I had, I never told
Daniel Shehan that I had any documents and I never told Wayne
Nelson that I had any documents. In fact what I told Wayne Nel-
son, and I quote,
'Wayne, if I did have the documents I couldn't
admit it and I don't know
you from Adam, and I don't know Daniel
Shehan from Adam and what
makes you think I would give them to
Jou.' Who am I going to give them to and how quick are they go-
ing to disappear,
that was my thought. Wayne Nelson also came to
my house with a stack of documents this thick already
substanti
ating the presence öf aliens and extraterrestrial craft on
thisy
planet, and they are keeping it a secret, because they're afraid
somebody'll laugh at them and they'll loose their credibility."
"We need some patriots in this country, not people trying to
make a name for themselves, trying to expose some drug runners,
ete the ad you the er to Daniel Solans in the
"Why
¡ didn't Jackie Kennedy
report [the source of
the lethal
shot]?" asked another audience member.
"Who's she gonna tell? The Secret Service iust killed her hus-
band and they're assigned to protect the President. Also, who
had her children? The same Secret Service had her children
the tine."
"Wasn't the craft at Roswell, New Mexico destroyed and all the
aliens killed?"
another young man asked.
"All the aliens were dead but the craft was not completely
destroyed, it was severely damaged yes."
On an unrelated note
an older gentleman asked, "Does that mean
that
'Alternative-3' is true?"
"Alternative-3 is absolutely true and so is 'Alternative-2'."
Then a man in his late 20's or early 30's raised his hand,
said something I couldn't hear, and was apparently recognized by
Mr. Cooper who asked him
to take the podium and address the aud-
ience.
"What I said
was that I thanked him [Cooper] very much for
coming forward and saying something. A lot of my friends out
here know that I was
involved in the United States Special For-
ces, UFO Tracking and Research from the years 1971 to 1975. My
name is Richard Murray! I was based out of the T1st Tac Controll
Flight,
MoDill Air Force Base, Tampa, Florida. We were 'Mobile
Radar Command,' that was combat and war ready. We could be load-
ed on aircrait
within
• hour and many times
were taken into
areas [tol set up radar. A lot of times
we were set up around
Egland
[sp] Air Force
Base because that's where they have the
'Altered Temperature Weather Control', where they can test vari-
ous aircraft for their shrinkage and their dimension change dur-
ing altered temperature. So, you know, Dwas told to shut up?
twice, in 1982 and the finally threatened my parents life so I

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 603, "chars": 3547, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
stayed quiet, and, that's when Wendel Stevens was taken off the
streets... Just like that! And I hid for quite awhile, and deci-
ded to come back out when I heard that you're [Cooper] of such
high rank as you were, and I felt just
in saying that your cre-
dentials are true, and that what you have to say, everything
said here today, I've heard before behind closed doors.
And you almost at the one med he com
there!s a few more links that have to go on with
bia-cartel and the
money laundering. I think there's
more than
cartel involved, and they're shutting one of them down so
can maintain a power, it just seems to be the way it works."
A muffled question then came from someone in the audience
regarding the person referred to as "Colonel Stevens."
'Uh; Colonel Stevens is out of Jailinow,"
replied Murray who
was quickly asked another question I couldn't hear to which he
answered, "I sure hope to hell so, he is a wonderful man and I
give him my utmost respect and it
was one of the saddest days in •
my life to see what happened to him happen to him. But I don't
care what they say about Wendel Stevens, in my heart you can't
discredit that man to me. I don't care who the hell you are. I
won't listen to it, I don't give a shit if he was
screwin' ba-
bies. You know.". that doesn't... he's not that kind of a man, I
don't care what
you say, I know him personally."
The lecture was then essentially over. The "Alternative-2 and
-3" that were referred to briefly are,
to the best
of ny know-
ledge, two government contingency plans and I don't know which
is which, to 1: Declare Martial Law and invalidate the Constitu-
the premise
that a terrorist group had entered the coun-
try with a Nuclear weapon with plans to detonate it in a major
city. All dissidents would be rounded up and placed in concen-
tration camps
and the press and media would be nationalized. All
this,
if the information becomes public before they want it
the aliens attempt a takeover, and 2: Another contingency
plan
to contain or delay the release of this information, the
details of which I am probably wrong about anyway.
My own personal reaction to Milton William
Cooper; Mr. Cooper
is a man who appears to be in his late fourties, of medium
height and weight, and was dressed casually when I saw him. His
hairline was receding slightly and he carried himself with con-
fidence
and
purpose. BIll cooper, as he was called by several in
attendance, is not a professional speaker. His presentation
lacked the polish of repeated deliveries which all the other
lectures I heard during the Expo. had,
but what it lacked in
fine tuning was easily made up for in its content. Weather or
not everyone in the audience was convinced of his sincerity I do
not know, but the thunderous peal of applause which exploded as
he concluded the session spoke for me and the majority of those
in attendance. I am convinced beyond any reasonable doubt that
Bill Cooper believes everything he said, and I'm about as
skeptical as they come.
Please Iead the attached file written by Milton William Cooper
which describes sone of
the government operations, projects, and
code names that pertain to the above transcript. Perhaps from
the two documents you can reach your own conclusions as to what
The following is the original file "OPER-MAJ.TXT" which
introduced Mr. Cooper to me.
OPERATION MAJORITY T
FINAL
'RELEASE
THERE WILL BE. NO CORRECTIONS TO THIS FILE
C - COPYRIGHT 1989 BY MILTON WILLIAM COOPER
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
YOU HAVE MY PERMISSION TO QUOTE FROM THIS INFORMATION IN PRESS

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3392, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RELEASES, PERIODICALS, AND SPEECHES.
INCLUSION IN ANY OTHER
MEDIA REQUIRES MY EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION.
alien presence on earth and the us coverent is vo werent t
the aliens.
This file contains only the information as I saw it
and only my information "1
It does not contain any information
from any othenssource.
It was necessary for me to issue
the infornation previous to
this release in a manner which would deceive the Government
until someone was able to independently confirn my identity, my
employment, my service record, my intelligence background,' the
identity of the person to which I gave the infornation in
1972,
his acknowledgment of the information and when it was given to
him, that the information is correct, that I have not seen hin
since 1974, and that I have not communicated with him in any
form since 1976. This was necessary because this file is my/
death warrant if MJ-12 continues to
"operate" in" a manner
consistent with its history.
All in the last paragraph has been independently verified by 2
different people who have no connection with each other. I will
only list one
for obvious reasons.
lony Pelhan.: Journalist
Las Veras Bullet,
(Newspaper)
300 West Boston
Las Vegas,
'Nevada
' 89102
The
original information
that I first released was not much
MAJI that I was not a threat long enough to have independent
verification of the facts before I risked death. [TRANSMISSION
it absolutely clear that I do not
consider myself a hero. I
believe
that most of you would do the
same
thing if you knew
the truth. I gave an oath that I would
uphold and protect the Constitution of the United States of
America and I
take that
oath very
seriously"*] am doing no
«mone
than I did when I fought in Vietnam.
I am doing my duty.
Please
make copies of this file and send it to your
Congressman, your
States,
know.
and to**the Supreme
uptone Cuttered ters to the one tou
Court.
Attach copies of the Bill English file and John Lears
file.
Send
anything else you may have which tends to support
the information.
Cy Milton Villian Cooper, 1311 S. Highland #206, Fullerton"
Califórnia,
592632(714) 680-9537, do solemnly swear that the
information contained in this file is true
and correct to the
best of my knowledge.
I swear that I saw this information in
1972 in the performance of my duties as a member of the
Intelligence Briefing Tean of the Commander In
Pacific
"Fleet
as a Petty Officer in the US Navy.
he swear eat
underwent hypnotic regression in order to make the information
accurate
as possible.
I swear that I can and will take a lie
detector test or any other test of any reputable person's
choosing in order to confirn this information.
I swear that I
can
and will undergo hypnotic regression conducted by any
reputable
and qualified Doctor of any reputable person's
choosing in order to confirm this information.
I will not,
however
submit to
any test or hypnosis by anyone who is now
has
ever been connected with the Government in any capacity for
reasons.
The following
is brief listing of everything that I personally
saw and know from 1972 and does not contain any input fron any
other source whatsoever.
MAJESTY was listed as the code word forthe President of the
United States for conmunications concerning this information.
I OPERATIÖN MAJORITY is the name of the operation responsible
for every aspect, project, and consequence of alien presence on
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3606, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
earth.
(GRUDGE. Contains 16 volumes of documented infornation collected
fron the beginning of the United States investigation of
Unidentified Flring Objects (UFO's) and Identified Alien Crafts
The project, was funded by CIA confidential funds nona
appropriated)
and money from
"the illicit drug trade!
Participation in the illegal drug trade was justified in that it
would identify and eliminate the weak elements of our society.
The purpose of project GRUDGE was to collect all scientific,
litechnological, medical and intelligence information fron UFO/IAC
sightings and
contacts with alien life forms.
This orderly file
of collected infornation has been used to advance the United
States Space Program.
{MJ-12 is the name of the
* President
¡Eisenhower commissioned a
" secret society known"
SOCIETY WASON SCHOLARS, to siit through all the lacts,
evidence, technology, lies and deception and find the trutn of
the alien question.
The society was made up of 32 of the most
prominent men in the country in 1972 and the top 12 members
were
designated MJ-12.
MJ-12 has total control over everything.
They are designated by the codes J-1, J-2, etc all the way
through the members of the Jason Society.
The director of the CIA was appointed J-1 and is the Director
of MJ-12.
MJ-12 is responsible only to the President. MJ-12
runs most of the horld's illegal drug trade...
This was done to
funding and
thus keep the secret from the Congress and the
people of the United States.
It was justified
in that it
Identify and eliminate the weak elements of our soclety. Meete
cost" of funding the alien connected projects is higher than!
anything you can imagine.
MJ-1Z assassinated President Kennedy
when
he informed them that he was going to tell the public 'all
the facts of the alien presence.
He was killed by the Secret.!
Service agent driving his car and it is plainly visible inüthe
film held from public view.s
À secret meeting place was constructed for MJ-12 in MARYLAND
and it was described as only accessible by air.
It contains
full living, recreational, and
other facilities for MJ-12 and
the JASON SOCIETY.
It is code named ITHE COUNTRY CLUB' Only
those with TOP SECRET/MAJIC clearance are allowed to go there.
MAJI is the MAJORITY AGENCY FOR JOINT INTELLIGENCE.
All
information, disinformation, and intelligence is gathered and
evaluated by this agency.
This agency is responsible for all
disinformation and operates in conjunction with the CIA, NSA,
and the Defense Intelligence Agency, This is a very powerful y
SIGMA is the project which first established communications
with the aliens and is still responsible for communications.
PLATO is the project responsible for Diplomatic relations
with
the aliens.
This project secured a formal treaty (illegal under
the Constitution)
with the aliens. The
terns were that the
aliens would
give
In return we agreed to keepi
their presence on
earth
a secret, not to interfere in
with "their actions, and to allow them to abduct 'humans and
animals.
The aliens agreed to furnish MI-12 with a list ofi
abductees
a periodic "basis."
MAJIC Is the
security classirication and clearance of 211
alien connected material, projects, and information. MAJIC
means MAJI Controlled.
AQUARIUS is a project which compiled the history of alien
presence and their interaction with Homo Sapiens upon this
planet for the last 25,000 years and culminating with the Basque
people who live in the mountainous:country onsthe_border.of./
France and Spain and the Syrians.
GARNET is the project responsible for control of all
information and documents regarding this subject and
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3209, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
accountability of the information and documents.
pertaining to
GÄRBLED]®
¡POUNCE is the project, formed to recover antadowned crashed
craft and aliens!
REDLIGHT is the project to test fly recovered alien craft.
is conducted at AREA 51 ¿DREAMLAND) in Nevada:) It was aided
when the aliens, gave us craft and helped us fly then.
initial project
somewhat successful in that we flew a
recovered craft but it blew up in the air and the pilots were
killed.
Agreed to helprusect was suspended at that time until the aliens
SNOWBIRD was established as a cover for project REDLIGHT.
Several fIjing saucer type craft were built using conventional
technology.
They were unveiled to the press and flown in front
of the press.
The purpose was to explain accidental sightings
oI disclosure of REDLIGHT as having been the SNOWBIRD craft,
Been and filmed by the Apollo A tongue of hase, a 2,1t vas
operation using
very large machines, and the very large alien
craft de creatinal henn organization ased at fort a there
Coloradoi
It is responsible for security for all alien or alien
craft connected projects.
An the designation for the specific arm of the NRO which
is especially trained and tasked with security of these
projects.
JOSHUA is a project
to develop a low frequency pulsed sound
generating weapon.
It was said that this weapon would be
effective against
the alien craft and beam weapons.
EXCALIBUR is a weapon to destroy the alien underground bases.
It is to be a missile capable of penetrating 1000 neters
Tuff/hard packed
operational danage.
5o1such as that found in New Mexico with
Missile apogee not to exceed"30,000 feet
AGL and impact
must not deviate in excess of 50 meters from
designated target.
The device will carry a 1 megaton nuclear
warhead.
ALIENS OR
A LARGE NOSED
the with one let tate the heed
reported im
abductee cases that works ior the
blond human like
typé
"described as the NORDIC;
human like"type called the QRANGE.
The home of the
aliens
were
described as being a star in the Constellation of Orion,
Barnards star, and Zeta
Riticuli 1&2.
I cannot remember even
under hypnosis which alien belongs to which star.
EBE is the name or designation given to the live
alien
Captured at the 1949 Roswell crash.! He died in captivity.
KRII-OR*KRILL OR CRLE
'OR CRILL pronounced Crill or Krill was
the hostage left with us at the first Holloman
landing as a
pledge that the aliens would carry out their part of the basic
agreement reached during that meeting. KRUL gave us the
foundation of the yellow book which was completed by the guests
at a later date.
KRLL became sick and was nursed by De
Mendoza who became
the expert on alien biology and medicine.
KRLL later died.
His information was disseminated under the
pseudonym O.H. Cril or Crill.
us the my
balance of the yellow book. At the time
there were only 3 left alive.
They were
e called (P&#'s) Alien
Life Forms. [TRANSMISSION GARBLED]
RELIGION
The aliens
through hybridization, "CLaim to have created Homo Sapiens
The papers said that RH-bIoöd t
They fürther*
Claimed to have created all four major
religions.
They showed a hologram of the crucifixion of Christ
which the
Government filmed. They claim that Jesus was created!
by. thems
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3286, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
described
papers, all on indian reservations and all in the four corners
area. The base near Dulce was one of them.
The documents stated that many military and government
faminen lady entered eveal the secrete prooff
CRAFT RECOVERIES The documents stated that many craft had
been recovered.
again; Texas, Mexico,
and other places:
i GENERAL DOOLITTLE™*
made a prediction that one day we would have
to reckon with the aliens and the document stated that it'
appeared that General Doolittle was correct.
ABDUCTIONS were occurring long before 1972.
The document
stated that humans and animals were being abducted and or
mutilated.
Many vanished without a trace.
They were taking
sperm and ova samples, tissue, performed surgical operations,
implanted & spherical
device 40
to 80 microns
in size near the
optic nerve in the brain and all attempts to remove it resulted
in the death of the patient.
Ine document estimated that - 1n
every 4 people had been implanted, Ihis implant was said toi
give the aliens
CONTINGENCY PLAN SHOULD THE INFORMATION BECOME PUBLIC OR
SHOULD THE ALIENS ATTEMPI A TAKEOVER.
This plan called for a public announcement that a terrorist
group had entered the United States with an Atomic weapon.
would be announced that the terrorists planned to detonate the
weapon in a major city. Martial Law would be declared and all
persons with implants would be rounded up along with alt...
dissidents land" would be" placed into concentration camps.
press, radio, and TV would be nationalized and controlled.
Anyone attempting to resist would be arrested or killed.
CONTINGENCY PLAN TO CONTAIN OR DELAY RELEASE OF INFORMATION
This plan called for the use of MAJESTIC TWELVE as a
disinformation ploy to delay and confuse the release of
information should anyone get close to the truth.
selected because of the similarity of spelling and the
similarity to MJ-12.
It was designed to confuse memory and to
result in a fruitless search for material which did not exist.
SOURCE OF MATERIAL CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENTS WHICH I SAW
The source of the material was an ONI counter-intelligence
operation against MJ-12 in order for the Navy to find out the
truth of what was really going on.
The Navy (at that time or at
least the Navy that 1 worked for)
were not Pafticipants,
of this The different services and
the Lovernment conduct this
type of operation against each other all the time.
The result
of this operation was that the Navy cut themselves in for a
piece of the action (technology) and control of some projects.
As you can see this file is
only a little different from my
previous file.
Only some names were scrambled previously to
confuse the government long enough for someone to verify that
what I have said is the truth. I have added information in this
¿le that puts me in absolute danger"
I have sent a copy of
file to people all over the country and will continue to do
Please get this file into as many hands as you can and
maybe that will protect me but I doubt it.
HISTORY WILL BE THE JUDGE OF ME AND THIS INFORMATION AND I
HAVE NO FEAR OF THAT JUDGEMENT. I SWEAR THAT THIS INFORMATION.
IS TRUE AND CORRECT TO THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE•
I wish to thank all those people who have aided me in reaching
this point and for their patience and understanding. I owe you

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1041, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
all more than I can ever repay.
Finalls, it does
not matter who is right and who is wrong or
a project name is in the wrong place.
It does not matter who
by now that gometoing what ter and terably who be onl
band together
expose and the TO phe done my piet un the
manner'
that I could, incan add nothing else except my
testimony in Congress or a court of law that what I saw
and have
written
in this file is true and that I saw it.
Everything in my previous file that does not conflict with
this file is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and
some of it is from sources and
research.
You may combine the
files to get the entire picture.
Throw out only that
information
which conflicts with that contained in this file.
There will be no further additions or corrections to this
information either now or in the future.
My file is complete
and stands to be judged by history.
Sometime in the future the
exact Infernathat I saw will surface"and"you wiltall-see-this
information contained within them.
Milton William Cooper
1/10/89
16
