{"created_utc": "2026-09-08T07:18:27Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 173791, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304198455471043, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124149-recollections-and-impressions-of-visit-to-dulce-nm-october-23-1988.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540998710000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124149-recollections-and-impressions-of-visit-to-dulce-nm-october-23-1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "f254f14c6efa515a971648d7baf03a69a2363d078c942bdf7aab9c3a7978c163"}

F
4-


                   /v2 xe eo}< COM2SS 7Z , ti t~otic,
             Recollections and Impressions of Visit to Dulce, NM
                            October 23, 24, 1988
              Upon arrival I was introduced to Dr. John F. Gille, a
          rench National. Dr. Gille has a PhD in Math/Physics from
         t.•e University of Paris. He has worked very closely with
         th- French Government on the UFO phenomena in that
         co try. He told me that he has not worked in his chosen
         fie • for fifteen years, having devoted all of his time to
         rese- ch on UFOs. Dr. Gille is an amiable, forthright
         man.    He has no reservations about expressing his own
         views •n the subject. He does hold several beliefs that
         border • the paranormal. Dr. Gille had his wife, Elaine,
         with hi'     My personal view of him is one of caution.
         Until I • -t to know him better, I feel that I should be
         very carefd.
             Edmound omez is a rancher. His ranch is 13 miles
         west of Dulc-    From 1975 until 1983 the Gomez ranch was
         the scene of m"st of the cattle mutilation that took place
         in the norther. New Mexico/southern Colorado area. He
         told me that hi- family homesteaded the Dulce area 111
         years ago and tha as a result of these mutilations, they
         lost $100,000 in c-ttle over an eight year period. One of
         these cases occurre, only 200 yards behind his home. He
         showed me the area.
              Edmound was very \ppen and discussed with me the
         various mutilation case that had occurred on his ranch
         and on those of others. Upon our return from the mountain
         trig, he invited me to hi~ home where he shared with me
         various photographs, clippings, letters etc. relating to
         the cases. He loaned me se ral overhead photographs of
         the Mt. Archuleta area.   I hoe to be. able to have them
         examined through image intensifi ation techniques.
             Edmound also told me about th many times that combat
         ready troops have been spotted in thç area. Some of these
         troops were found in areas that are o ly gotten to through
         four-wheel drive trucks or on foot.    phis is VERY rugged
         country.) The troops were. also spotted 'n areas that only
         the Apache has permission to go..      Whçn the reported
         "experimental aircraft" went down in l 3, there were
         "hundreds of troops, armed to the teeth" r sorted in the
         area.   When approached, the troops wo d run and
         disappear.
             Participants in the Mt. Archuleta expediti•n were:
         Gabe Valdez, Edmound Gomez, Dr. John Gille, Elain= Gille,
                         Manuel Gomez (Edmound's brother), J- f and
         Matt Valdez (Gabe's sons). Because of Gabe's positio' as


                                    (1)
head of the State Police in Dulce and Edmound being a part
of the community, we were given permission to go onto the
mountain. It is located on the Apache Reservation.
    We left about 1430 hrs, Sunday, 23 October 1988. We
used Gabe's four wheel drive dick-u, truck to get up the
mountain. The road was incredibly difficult. At one time
we had to dig out the side of the mountain in order to
allow the truck to pass. At about 1730 hrs we arrived at
the proposed campsite. It was on a relatively flat area
about 300 yards from the peak of Mt. Archuleta.
    Gabe and Edmound both told me that in 1978 there was
an agreement between the Ute Indians (in Colorado) and the
Federal Government. This agreement consisted of the Ute
Nation receiving all the territory now occupied along the
New Mexico/Colorado border with the explicit agreement
that they would strictly enforce a "No Trespassing"
regulation   along   the  border   of   their    territory.
Therefore, it is not possible to even cross the Ute
Reservation without special permission from the Tribal
Headquarters. If caught without this permission you are
liable for a fine and/or jail and expulsion. There is a
road   leading  to    the  Archuleta   area   through   the
reservation.   It is patrolled by the Indian Forest
service.
    At 1951 hrs. all seven of us spotted a very bright
light coming from the northwest at a very high rate of
speed. The object appeared to be boomerang shaped with a
very bright light just below its center. This light was a
bright white, blue and green. As it approached, 1t slowed
down (obviously under intelligent control), seemed to
reverse direction, finally stopping. When it stopped, a
shower of what appeared as sparks were emitted from each
end of the boomerang, and then it began moving forward
again and disappeared from sight at a very high rate of
speed.   All this took place in approximately 10 to 15
seconds. We attempted to take a picture of the object but
were unsuccessful.
      About 2200 hours we climbed to the summit of Mt.
  Archuleta and watched for about an hour and a half. We
  could see across the canyon in the moonlight. This canyon
  wall is where Paul Bennewitz (prominent and well known
  physicist and UFO investigator) claimed an alien base is
  located and that during the night their ships are seen
  entering and leaving caves openings in the cliff wall.
• During our stay on the peak, we saw two very bright lights
  on the cliff walls in the exact location where Paul said
  the base openings were. There are no roads on this cliff.
  The lights would appear suddenly and then fade over a
  period of time until you could not see them. At this time
  we also heard voices that sounded like radio trans


                             (2)
missions. The voices were not understandable but they
were there none the less. The same light pattern was seen
by myself and Edmound Gomez as we sat on the cliff near
the suspect one at about 0100 hours. We also heard the
voices.   At one time we thought we could hear trucks
moving but we could not be sure about this. After 0200
hours there were no more sightings or sounds.
    On Monday, 24 October 1988 the entire party climbed to
the peak once again. We were looking for the evidence
that there had been a crash of an "experimental aircraft"
flown by an Air Force General in 1983. This crash was
reported in the newspapers for two days as a small plane
and then hushed up.     The craft was rumored to be a
captured UFO, flown by Americans. We were hoping to prove
that there indeed had been a crash but also to find some
physical evidence.
    Dr. Bennewitz reported that the craft had clipped off
a large tree in it's decent, had hit another tree,
regained altitude, skimmed over the peak of Archuleta, hit
a third tree in the valley north of the peak. It was then
reported to have hit the ground, flipped over twice and
came to rest.     We found the trees as reported by
Benniwitz. They were all in line with each other and the
final resting place. The first tree was about 40 inches
in diameter. It was hit about 30 feet off the ground.
There was no fire. I have taken samples of this tree for
analysis. The other two trees were smaller (approximately
12 to 20 inches in diameter). There was evidence of fire
with these.    Samples of the trees were also taken.
Between the second tree and the third tree we found large
pieces of what appeared to be cart of the first tree. One
piece was burnt while next to it was one that had not been
burned. Samples were taken. While searching for physical
evidence, a
            standard issue style ball-point pen was found.
This is of the same type used by the U.S. Government but
can also be purchased by the general public. Strange to
have been found in such a remote place as this canyon.
The alleged crash area showed a large semi-circular area
with new vegetation. The area above the semicircle was
covered with new vegetation also. Samples of the soil in
this area were taken.
    My overall impressions of the trip are mixed.        I
believe that there is definitely something going on in the
area. What it is, I do not know. Perhaps there is a base
there. Perhaps it is jointly operated by the aliens and
the government, as clamed by John Lear. Then again, it
could be a US base so super secret that there are no
fences around to arouse any suspicion.      There again I
cannot say for sure. I do know that the evidence that we
found and saw definitely points to the fact that something
is going on in this area.


                           (3)
