{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:30:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 471418, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124109-assessment-of-purported-top-secret-document-snowbird-clifford-stone-february-7-1988.pdf", "source_sha256": "8fd03ed9ecdb8a458839b3be1d2768fd6dcd0737f50dcea2961dc70bc052c1ec"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2583, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ASSESSMENT OF PURPORTED "TOP SECRET" DOCUMENT (SNOWBIRD)
1. The document in question is purportedly to be one (1)
page of a larger document said to be seven (7) to nine (9)
pages in
length.
The document is said to have been
released VIA the "Freedom of information Act". However,
this
does not seem to be the case as the document is
lacking down grading instructions, release authority, and
release date.
The document does not contain any reference
as to the office or ageny of orgin and the document is
undated.
The document is marked "TOP SECRET" at the top and
bottom of the one page of the document. This is consistant
with existing DOD
and Departmental Regulations and
Directives concerning marking of a classified document,
requiring each page of the document to be stamped at the
highest classification of the document at both the top and
bottom of each page.
3.
At the top of the one page is the marking, "SUB
PROJECTS UNDER PROJECT".
This would indicate
that this is
the frist page of the document. Such markings are commonly
used within the Intelligence Community.
However, they are
not common knowledge outside of the Intelligence Community.
4.
Each paragraph on the document has the lead line
" (TS/ORCON) ".
This indicates the classification of the
information within the paragarph (TS - TOP SECRET)
as well
as indicating restrictions on reproduction, dissemination
or extaction of the information contained in the paragraph
(ORCON - DISSEMINATION AND
EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION
CONTROLLED BY ORIGINATOR) •
5.
Each
project named in the document is followed by a
"PROWORD".
Once again the use of prowords or code words
are common knowledge within the Intelligence Community.
They are used to identify a certain project or operation.
6. According to the document, "PROJECT SIGMA" deals with
communications with the "Aliens".
Several points need to
be considered here. (1) Within the Intelligence Community,
"SIGINT" deals with Signal Intelligence.
(2) The National
Security Agency is in control of Signal Intelligence for
the U.S. Government.
(3) The National Security Agency
presently has a classified project by the name of "Proiect
Aquarius"
•
(4) It is my understanding that the proword for
"PROJECT SIGMA" is Aquarius.
Taking the above four
mentioned points into consideration, it would be easy to
conclude that "PROJECT SIGMA" could
be a reality.
7. The markings, "TOP SECRET" appear to have been
overstamped at both the top and bottom the document with
the word, "UNCLASSIFIED".
The correct term should have
been, "DECLASSIFIED" if in fact the document was released

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2448, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VIA the "Freedom of Information Act". This bothered me, so
I discussed this matter with Mr. Lee
According
to
Mr. Graham, the DIS Agents that were investigating his
involvment with the "Snowbird" Document, told Mr. Graham in
the presence
of Mr. Grahan's Security Officer that the
document appeared to have been released VIA the "Freedom of
Information Act" therefore they had no objection to him
In an effort to avoid further
misunderstanding about the document, Mr. Graham's Security
Officer overstamped the document with the only stamp he had
to indicate that the document was no longer classified,
that being the stamp with the phrase, "UNCLASSIFIED" on it.
8. The document is double spaced.
This would indicate
that the document was a draft document or outline.
This
would be consistant with existing DOD Directives and
Regulations.
DISCUSSION
I have made every effort to confirm or expose as a hoax the
"Snowbird" document for over two (2) year.
I have written
to every Intelligence agency I can think of requesting
their comments on the document.
While none of the agencies
would confirm the document's authenity, none of the
agencies would deny its authenity. I wrote to several
Senators
requesting their assistance in getting to the
bottom of this document.
Only one, The Honorable Senator
Pete V. Domenici, has made any effort in assisting me in
this matter.
However, even his office was informed that
the matter dealt with
"National Security Policy". In
response
to my letter to Senator Domenici dated, April 8,
1987.
The only items that the National Security Agency
refused to discussed were in fact the items that dealt with
the "Snowbird" document.
This after asking that I rewrite
my letter due to it dealing with, "National Security
Policy".
Every Intelligence Agency that I wrote, was
required by the National Security Act of 1947, as ammended
in 1949 and current Executive Orders, to assume that the
document was a "leaked" document and
nt sha should have
investigated it in an effort to determine if National
Security had been breached regardless of the subject matter
of the document.
Although it would appear that the Defense
Investigative Service (DIS) did do their duty according to
existing regulations and directives, they have never made
their findings public. why?
REFERENCES
Army Regulation 105-31
Army Regulation 381-1
Army Regulation 380-5
Department of Defense Directive C-5200.5
Department of Defense Directive 5210.2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 1046, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Department of Defense Directive 5100.5
Department of Defense Directive 5200.30
Department of Defense Instruction 5230.22
Joint Army-Navy-Air Force Publication 119
National Security Agency KAG I-D
CONCLUSIONS
If the "Snowbird" document is a hoax, then Federal Law has
been violated under the National Security Act of 1947.
However, I do not feel that this is the case.
It is my
conclusion that the document was leaked and not released
under the "Freedom of Information Act".
I feel the the
Intelligence Community has chosen to take the stand that if
inquiries are made concerning this document, they will
simply disavow any knowledge of the document.
Thereby
avoiding the necessity of answering embarrassing questions
concerning
a "leaked" document that goes against the
publicly official policy of the U.S. Government concerning
UFO's.
I feel that this document must be further
researched and the U.S. Government must be gueried more
until we get some concrete answers.
CLIFFORD E. STONE
1421 E. Tilden
Roswell, New Mexico 88201
February 7, 1988
