{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T15:45:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 25, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2894469, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124167-assessment-of-purported-top-secret-document-snowbird-2-february-6-1986.pdf", "source_sha256": "b7b3794ef48adced3fec4d255c049a63c60d17b15d1a593270521a81ffb18068"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1194, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
MEMO FOR RECORD
6 Feb 86
2:56 PM
Domenict's office. :
"from" Senator/returned my call. I asked him if he had any knowledge
of the purported cash of an -"atomic ship" under the control of the US Govern-
ment in the Dulce, New Mexico area. Mr. ›
XX stated that he had had contact
with a gentleman from the Albuquerque, New Mexico area concerning this purported
incident. However, this was only to assist the gentleman as to what agency
he should report the purported Incident
to. It was suggested that he report
It to the New Mexico Environmental Improvement Agency. I asked Mr.
this gentleman in question was in fact a Mr. Paul Bennewitz. Mr. XXXX stated,
"Yes, it was."
I asked Mr. I
o If he was aware of a Purported document that was purported to
have been released as a result of the FOIA concerning such projects as Project
Snowbird. Mr. X
| stated that he belleved Mr. Bennewitz had sent him a copy
of a document that had been stamped, TOP SECRET and that it did mentioned some-
thing about a Project Snowbird. However, all documents were returned to Mr.
Rennewitz and Senator Domenici Office did not retain any.
I thanked Mr.
for his time and trouble in answering my questions.
(SIGNED)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2579, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ASSESSMENT OF PURPORTED "TOP SECRET" DOCUMENT (SNOWBIRD)
1. The document in question
is purportedly to be one (1)
page of a larger document said to be seven (7) to nine (9)
pages in length.
The document is said to have been
released VIA the "Freedom of information Act". However,
this does not seem to be the case as the
• document is
lacking down grading instructions, release authority, and
release date.
The document does not contain any reference
as to the office or agency of origin and the document is
undated.
The document is marked "TOP SECRET" at the top and
bottom of the one page of the document. This is consistant
with existing DOD and Departmental Regulations and
Directives concerning marking of a classified document,
requiring each page of the document to be stamped at the
highest classification of the document at both the top and
bottom of each page.
3. At the top of the one page is the marking, "SUB
PROJECTS UNDER PROJECT".
This would indicate that this is
the first page of the document.
Such markings are commonly
used within the Intelligence Community.
However, they are
not common knowledge
outside of the Intelligence
Community.
4. Each paragraph on the document has the lead line
" (TS/ORCON) ".
This indicates the classification of the
information within the paragraph (TS - TOP SECRET) as well
as indicating restrictions on reproduction, dissemination
or extraction of the information contained in the paragraph
(ORCON - DISSEMINATION AND EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION
CONTROLLED BY ORIGINATOR) •
5.
Each
project named in the document is followed by a
"PROWORD".
Once again the use of prowords or code words
are common knowledge within the Intelligence Community.
They are used to identify a certain project or operation.
6. According to the document, "PROJECT SIGMA" deals with
communications with the "Aliens". Several points need to
be considered here. (1) Within the Intelligence Community,
"SIGINT" deals with Signal Intelligence.
(2) The National
Security Agency is in control of Signal
Intelligence for
the U.S. Government.
(3) The National
Security Agency
presently has a classified project by the name of "Project
Aquarius"
(4) It is my understanding that the proword for
"PROJECT SIGMA" is Aguarius.
the above four
mentioned points into consideration, it would be easy to
conclude that "PROJECT SIGMA" could be a reality.
7.
The markings, "TOP SECRET" appear to have been
overstamped at both the top and bottom the document with
the word, "UNCLASSIFIED".
The correct term should have
been, "DECLASSIFIED" if in fact the document was released

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2477, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VIA the "Freedom of Information Act". This bothered me, so
I discussed this matter with Mr. Lee Graham.
According
to
Mr. Graham, the DIS Agents that were investigating his
involvment
with the "Snowbird" Document, told Mr. Graham in
the presence of Mr. Grahan's Security Officer that the
document appeared
to have been released VIA the "Freedom of
Information Act" therefore they had no objection to him
having the document.
In an effort to avoid further
misunderstanding about the document, Mr. Graham's Security
Officer overstamped the document with the only stamp he had
to indicate that the document was no longer classified,
that being the stamp with the phrase, "UNCLASSIFIED" on it.
8.
The document is double spaced. This would indicate
that the document was a draft document or outline.
This
would be consistant with existing DOD Directives and
Regulations.
DISCUSSION
I have made every effort to confirm or expose as a hoax the
"Snowbird" document for over two (2) years.
I have written
to every Intelligence agency I can think of requesting
their comments on the document.
While none of the agencies
would
confirm the document's authenticity, none of the
agencies would deny its authenticity.
I wrote to several
Senators
reguesting their assistance in getting to the
bottom of this document. Only one, The Honorable Senator
Pete V. Domenici, has made any effort in assisting me in
this matter.
However,
even his office was informed that
the matter dealt with
"National Security Policy". In
response to my letter to Senator Domenici dated, April 8,
1987.
The only items that the National Security Agency
refused to discuss, were in fact the items that dealt with
the "Snowbird" document.
This after asking that I rewrite
my letter due to it dealing with, "National Security
Policy".
Every Intelligence Agency that I wrote, was
required by the National Security Act of 1947, as ammended
in 1949 and current Executive Orders, to assume that the
document was a "leaked" document and
should have
investigated it in an
effort to determine if National
Security had been breached, regardless of the subject
matter of the document.
Although it would appear that the
Defense Investigative
Service (DIS) did do their duty
according to existing regulations and directives, they have
never made their findings public. Why?
REFERENCES
Army Regulation 105-31
Army
Regulation 381-1
Army Regulation 380-5
Department of Defense Directive C-5200.5
Department of Defense Directive 5210.2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 841, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-n--
Department of Defense Directive 5100.5
Department of Defense Directive 5200.30
Department of Defense Instruction 5230.22
Joint Army-Navy-Air Force Publication 119
National Security Agency KAG I-D
CONCLUSIONS
If the "Snowbird" document is a hoax, then Federal Law has
been violated under the National Security Act of 1947.
lowever, I do not feel that this is the case.
It is my
conclusion that the document was leaked and not released
under the "Freedom of Information Act". I feel the the
Intelligence Community has chosen to take the stand that if
inquiries are made concerning this document, they will
simply disavow any knowledge of the document.
Thereby
avoiding the necessity of answering embarrassing questions
against the
researched and the 3 Covernmene issee guer to cerning
until
we get some concrete answers.
February 7,
1988

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 427, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.
20330-5025
11 February 1986
Dear Mr. Stone
we are in receipt of your letter dated 7 February 1986.
we cannot render an opinion on the record you enclosed.
We can
tell you it was not released from this office as a result of a
Freedom of Information Act request.
We have no records relating to the projects listed in your
Letter.
Sincerely
860139

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 712, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NASA
National Aeronautics and
Space Administration
Washington, D.C.
20546
•
Reply to Attn of: LB
February 18, 1986
•
M
-
XXX*
Dear Mr. Stone:
This is in response to your letter of February 7, 1986, pursuant
to the Freedom of Information Act, requesting NASA's "opinion as
o the validity of the attached document marked TOP SECRET.* YOI
also requested any information NASA might have on the following:
"1. PROJECT SIGMA
"2. PROJECI SNOWBIRD
"3. PROJECT ORCON"
The document that was attached to your letter does not contain
sufficient identification to permit any opinion of its
authenticity.
A search of the NASA Security Office files has revealed no
information on Projects SIGMA, SNOWBIRD, or ORCON.
Sincerely,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 806, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
DEPARTMENT OFTHE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTER BORING AIR FORCE BASE, DO 305240 INVESTIGATIONS
FEB 2 7 1986
!
De
This Is in response to your Freedom of Information Act request of 7 February
1986.
Access to files within the Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI)
is through a computerized index maintained by the Defense
Service.
This index known
as the Defense Central Index of Investigations
(DCII) identifies investigative records held by any Department of Defense
component and is not restricted to AFOSI files.
disclosed no record of AFOSI maintaining any files identiflable with "PROJECT
SIGMA, PROJECT SNOWBIRD, AND PROJECT ORCON"•
AFOSI cannot attest to the validity of the document which was provided with
your letter dated 7 February 1986.
Sincerely
"HELPING TO PROTECT A GREAT WAY OF LIFE"

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 578, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
WASHINGTON. D.C. 20301
U- 3, 355/RTS-1
27 February 1986
Dear Requester:
This is to inform you that we are in receipt of your FOIA/PA request
dated 7 February 1986.
As a result of the large number of FOIA/PA requests received by the
Defense Intelligence Agency some delay may be encountered in
rocessing your request. We solicit your patience and understandin
and assure you that your request will be processed as soon a
our request has been assigned case number 0109-86. Please refe
o this case number in all future correspondence to us
Sincerely,
•

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 926, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY
DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER
CAMERON STATION
ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA 22304•6145
IN REPLY
REFER TODTIC-L
4 MAR 1986
Reference your letter of 7 Feb 86 requesting information under the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA).
In response to your question concerning the classification of the document from
which you forwarded a copy of a page, the Defense Technical Information Center
(DTIC) cannot make this classification determination. You will have to return the
document to the originator in order to obtain a classification evaluation.
The enclosed bibliography identifies documents in the DTIC technical report
collection related to projects Orcon, Orion, and Snowbird.
You may obtain these
reports from:
National Technical Information Service (NTIS)
Department of Commerce
5285 Port Royal Road
Springfield, VA
22161
NTIS provides
such reports to members of the general public.
Sincerely,
1 Encl

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 921, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20301-1400
PUBLIC AFFAIRS
Ref:
6 MAR 1986
86-FOI-307
ne
Dear
This is an interim response to your February 7, 1986,
Freedom of Information Act reguest,
received in this
Directorate on February 18, 1986.
Your request has been forwarded to the cognizant Component
Within the Office of the Secretary of Defense/Organization
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (OSD/OJCS) and is being processed
as
expeditiously as possible.
pate 102 03
As soon as all OSD/OJCS processing
is
complete, you will be provided a more substantive response.
Even though your letter did not indicate a willingness to
pay search and reproduction costs as reguired, your reguest is
being processed as the costs are expected to be minimal.
Should you have questions pertaining to your reguest,
please call one of my action officers at (202) 697-4026 and
refer to the above
"Ref" number.
Sincereiy,

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 924, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20301-1400
DO TATES OT
PUBLIC AFFAIRS
MS MAR 1005
Ref:
_ 86-FOI-307
M
Dear
This replies to your February 7, 1986, Freedom of
Information Act request which was received in this office on
Febiuary 18, 1986.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has
reviewed your reguest.
Regarding Projects Orcon and Snowbird,
the DARPA reports that they have no records concerning the two
projects,
, therefore they are unable to provide an opinion as
to the validity of the document attached to your request.
The
DARPA further reports that they have no Project Sigma records,
however, the final reports for the project are available at
the National Technical Information Service. The address is:
National Technical Information Service
5285 Port Royal Road
Springfield, VA 22161
Due to the minimal costs incurred, all fees are waived in
this instance.
Sincerelyn

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2281, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
XXX
Dear Sir,
I am stationed in Roswell, New Mexico serving in a ROTC Assignment and
and would like to asked your assistance in the following matters. I have
an interest in UFO's and use the FOIA to gather UFO related document from
the U.S. Government. I have come across some very interesting material
and feel that the only way some of these matters will ever be resolved is
with the direct intravention of Congress. The U.S.A.F. stopped investigating
UFO Reports on Dec 17, 1969. However,
UFO Incidents continue to happen and
are recorded in U.S. Government documents.
To be sure some UFO Incidents
never made it to the Blue Books Files during the time of the Air Force UFO
Investigations.
They were and still classified in the interest "National
Defense". Why, if we are to believe the findings of Project Blue Book?
I would like to request your assistance in obtaining the following
information from the National Security Agency:
I. Any information the NSA has on a Cuban MIG-23 that was destroyed
by a UFO in March 1967. This incident never made it to the Blue Book Files.
It was and still is classified "TOP SECRET". Why?
2. Any information that the nsa or U.S.A.F. has on the UFO Incident
that happened at RAF Woodbridge Base in England on Dec 27 1980. The U.S.A.F.
says that no investigation was made of this incident. I can't believe that.
I still remember what happened at Pearl harbor, I feel that our military leader-
ship does also.
3. The NSA's opinion as to the validity of the attached document,
marked "Top Secret".
If this document is bogus It is, in my opinion expertly
done.
4. Any information the NSA has on a "Project Aquarius" or at least
"Project Aquarius" deal with UFO's. Another interesting fact. According
to the NSA "Project Aquarius" is Iop Secret.
However, "Project Aquarius" showed
up in a document that according to the U.S.A.F.'s OSI is bogus, about three years
before the existance of :Project Aquarius" was known within the UFO circles.
I am requesting your assistance because I feel that the American public has
a right to know the truth about. what our government knows concerning UFO's.
not than we cease being, a government of the people, by the people, for the
people.
Thank you for any assistance you can give me in this matter.
..°
..

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 589, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Writed States Senate
WASHINGTON. D.C. 20510
February 10, 1987
XXX
Dear C
Enclosed please find a copy of the response which I
received from the National Security Agency regarding
your inquiries about UFO's.
My staff mentioned that you have been in contact
with them.
I also understand that you did not receive
my first letter to you in December.
For that, i
apologize - perhaps it was lost in the mail.
I hope the response from the National Security Agency
is satisfactory.
If I can be of any further assistance,
please let me know.
My warmest personal regards.
sincerely,
PVD/mc
Enclosure

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1930, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE
FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, MARYLAND 20755-6000
UNOSYATETOR
Serial: 04-112-87
04 FEB 1987
The Honorable
U
Dear Senator Domenici:
This responds to your letter to the Office of the
Secretary, Department of Defense dated 19 December 1986 on
behalf of
your constituent, Mr.
(Enclosure
1). Your letter has
been directed to this Agency for response
to you.
The National Security Agency (NSA) has received numerous
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests for information
pertaining to UFO incidents.
Our records show that Mr. Stone
has submitted six such requests over the past 7 years.
One of
those requests was for the information mentioned in paragraph 2
of his letter to you, the UFO incident at RAF Hoodbridge Base.
In our 1 February 1984 response to Mr. Stone (Enclosure 2), we
notified him
that the estimated manpower and computer search
costs involved in locating records responsive to his request
were $250.00.
We advised him that, upon receipt of half that
amount,
a
search would be made. Mi. Stone did not respond to
our letter.
Regarding the information in paragraph 1 of MI. Stone's
letter, we have no record of receiving an FOIA request for
documents dealing with a UFO destruction of a Cuban MiG-23.
Paragraph 3 of his letter
asks for NSA analysis of the
document he attached.
It appears to be an Air Force document.
The project
names which are referenced, Signa and Snowbird, are
not NSA
projects.
We have
no knowledge of the information
contained in the document.
The subject of paragraph 4, project Aquarius, has been the
subject of numerous FOIA requests.
Apparently there is or was
an Air Force project by that name which
dealt with UFOs.
Coincidentally, there is also an NSA project by that name.
NSA project does not deal with UFOs. We believe that the
The
confusion on this issue results from an FOIA request submitted
with interest in UFOs, Mi. Christian Lambright.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1308, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Serial: Q4-112-87
Mr. Lambright requested all information on the NSA project
Aquarius, apparently believing that the project pertains to
UFOs.
We advised Mr. Lambright that our project does not deal
UFOS.
He then
requested records revealing the "goal" of
Aquarius,
and we withheld the document because it is
classified.
We have reason to believe that our final response
disseminated
Lambr within a circle of those interested in UfOs and
ienying him access to the records, has been
subsequently
a misunderstanding has developed regarding
NSA, Aquarius and UFOs.
responding to general FOlA requests for UFO
information, certain documents have been withheld from the
public pursuant to the first and third exemptions of the FOIA.
first exemption provides for the protection of information
which is currently and properly classified in accordance with
the provisions of Executive Order 12356. The third exemption
protects information from disclosure by statute.
The statutes
applicable in this case are 50 U.S.C. 402 note (Public Law
86-36, Section 6), 50 U.S.C. 403(d) (3) and 18 U.S.C. 798.
Agency's decision
to protect those records has been upheld by
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia.
We hope that the information being provided to you will be
of help to Mr. Stone.
Sincerely,

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2006, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1
XX
Dear Sir,
I wrote to you in November 1986 requesting your assistance concerning
my interest in UFO"'s (See enclosure 1). The NSA responsed to your request
the reheated had try on fy e eat Hoey I take exception to the NA-ing
1.
Everytime you write the NSA equesting information, they request
$250.00 (which I do not have). I feel that it is inthe public interest to
get the truth out. Therefore, what better public interest could be servec
then releasing this Information to a member of Congress (YOU). I am once
again requesting any information the NSA has on the RAF Woodbridge Base
incident. Further, I request that all fees be waived in the public interest
by virtue of this information being released through your office.
2. The NSA says they have no record of a request from me concerning
the Cuban MIG being destroyed by a UFO (See Enclosures 5 - 8). Does the NSA
denied that they were in fact the "agency" referred to in paragraph la of the
USAF letter dated 15 Nov 79 (See enclosure 5)? What is the truth concerning
the Cuban MIG destroyed in March 1967?
3. The NSA Letter states that, "Apparently there is or was an Air Force
project by the name (Aquarius) which dealt with UFO's". While, Is or was there
an All force froject Aquarius as stated in the NSA Letter which deals or dealt
With UFO's? If so, is this project classified?
4. I would also like to request that you contact the NSC, NSA and USAF
for
answers to the following questions:
(1) Why did DIS have such great interest in the Snowbird document
(See enclosure 9), to go so far as investigating a MI. Lee Gragham, after he
came into possession of said document?
(2) Why was Mr. B111 Moore never questioned by DIS after Mr. Graham
had identified Mr. Moore as his source?
(3) Why has the NSA and DIS totally disregarded DOD directives by
tailing to confirm or exposing as a hoax the Snowbird document, in an effort
o determine if in fact there was a security leak!
(4) Does the NSC or NSA have information concerning UFO's over the

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 206, "chars": 1327, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(5) Once and for all, is the Snowblrd document bogus, or a valid
document?
If the intelligence conmunity has falled to determine this by now,
why have DOD Directives requiring this action not been followed (DOD 5200.1 PH)?
(6) If UFO's are not a threat to our national security, then why does
every Intelligence agency ahve classified information concerning UFO's; classified
in the interest of national security by Executive Order 12356 (keep in mind I
have been denied UFO Information from these agencies on that premise, stating
that the information I requested was currently and properly classified in the
interest of national security)?
(7) Considering that UFO's do not represent a threat to our national
security, then who is lying? The intelligence comnunity, with classified UFO
information or the US Air Force With the Project Blue Book finding?
Statesman once said, concerning the lentagon Papers, that a government has
a right to lie to its citizens in the interest of security. I feel this is only
true of a self-serving government. It can not, it must not, be true of a govern-
ment serving the interest of its people.
I know I ask alot, but I beg of you sir, please help me to get some answers to
these questions.
I secinerely feel the American Public has a right to know the
truth.
I remain respectfully yours,

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"PETE V. DOMENICI
NEW MEXICO
United States Senate
WASHINGTON, DC 20510
COMMITTEES:
BUDGET
APPROPRIATIONS
ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES
AGING
August 24, 1987
2XX
Dear
I am forwarding to you an interim response from the National
secure gene
I hope we
can obtain
answers to the questions
I will surely keep you advised of any
correspondence I receive from NSA.
With warmest personal
regards.
Sincerely,
-
United States Senator
PVD/ MC
ENCLOSURE

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 552, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
==.
OF
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE
FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, MARYLAND 20755-6000
Serial: JI-072-87
7 August 1987
The Honorable
Xi
Dear Senator Domenici:
The National Security Agency received your letter dated
August 5, 1987 on behalf of your consitutent; Mr. Clifford E. Stone.
The appropriate organization has been tasked to handle your
request and upon completion, your office will be notified of the
action taken.
I welcome the opportunity to assist you with any future
inquiry relating to the National Security Agency.
Sincerely,

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 434, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XXX
NEY! MEXICO
United States Senate
WASHINGTON, DC 20510
OMMITTEES
BUDGET
APPROPRIATIONS
ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES
AGING
:
October
9,1987
Dear Clifford:
Enclosed is the response I recently received from the
National Security Agency regarding your request for information
on UFO incidents. I regret the answers are not as substantive as
you would like.
I'm glad to be of service to you.
With my personal regards.
Sincerely,
PVD/mc

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1925, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DO CATS NATA
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
CENTRAL SECURITY SERVICE
FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, MARYLAND 20755-6000
Serial: 04-1085-87
3 0 SEP 1987
The Honorable
Dear Senator
:
This responds to your letter of 5 August 1987 on behalf of
your constituent,
e. Enclosed is
latest correspondence which raises the same questions as his
November 1986 correspondence to you.
our response is keyed to the
exceptions he has taken to our previous reply.
Item 1.
Mr. Stone takes exception to our request for $250.00
to conduct
an Agency-wide search for the information. As you
know, the FOIA provides for fees to be waived but only under
certain carefully defined circumstances.
He also reiterates his
request for information on the RAF Woodbridge Base incident.
Given that NSA's primary missions include communications security,
security and the production of foreign intelligence
information, the probability of our having information on this
incident would be unlikely. It is possible, however, that the
"unidentified flying object" may appear in certain
Agency material
and therefore would be considered a responsive
record if located during a search. The Agency material
in which
those words may appear is currently and properly classified
according to Executive Order and is not segregable.
The FOIA
specifically exempts classified information from disclosure.
Additionally,
unidentified flying object is a general term and is
not exclusively used to refer to extraterrestrial spacecraft.
We cannot determine whether we were the "agency"
referred to in the 15 November 1979 USAF letter. If the Agency
did have any records on the March 1967 UFO destruction of a Cuban
MiG, they would not be available for release since they would be
currently and properly classified.
Item 3.
NSA has no information on a Project Aquarius dealing
With UFOs. Since MI. Stone refers to an Air Force project of that
name, we recommend he query them on the matter.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1376, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Serial: 04-1085-87
As for the issues raised in items 4 and 5, we have no
knowledge of Snowbird and therefore would not have undertaken any
With respect to the classification issue raised in items 6 and
7, we can only reiterate what has been
said before. We make every
effort to interpret any
FOIA request as broadly as possible in
order to comply with the spirit of the law. An agency may not
have individual records dealing solely with UFOs but could have
records containing a reference of some type to UFOs which are
either currently and properly classified under Executive Order
12356 or protected by statute.
If this is the case and the
reference to UFOs is not easily segregable from the classified
information, the record would be withheld. The withholding of
this information has been upheld by the United States Court of
Appeals for
• the District of Columbia.
As for MI. Stone's allegation in item 4. (4), classified
information is not withheld from Congress during Congressional
inguiries as long as arrangements are made to protect the
information.
Please assure Mr. Stone that we have responded as completely
as possible.
we have no information on Aguarius or Snowbird and
documents even remotely responsive to requests for records on UFOs
are properly classified.
We hope that this information will
assist you in your response to Mr. Stone.
Sincerely,
Encis:
a/s

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2321, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
January 4, 1988
Dear Senator
I wrote your office on 6 November 1986 than again on 8
April 1987 requesting your assistance in getting some
honest and truthful answers concerning UFO's from the
National Security Agency.
To date all I have recieved is
lipservice and double talk.
I have yet to recieve any
real, honest, truthful answers.
I wish to once again
express my thanks for your assistance. However, I would
like to request that this time you demand truthful and
honest answers to my questions from the following
governmental agencies: 1) The National Security Agency,
2) The National
Security Council, 3)
The Defense
Investigative Service, and 4) the
Central Intelligence
Agency.
On 15 January 1988, I plan to hold a news conference
at which time I will explain why I feel the "Snowbird"
Document is valid and not a hoax.
I can now prove that the
NSA asked your office to ask me to redo my letter of 8
April 1987 due to the opinion that it dealt with national
security policy.
I would like for your office to once again ask the
four agencies named above the following questions.
Also, I
would like responsible, direct answers, not lipservice or
double talk. I am prepared to ask these same questions til
Hell freezes over until I get responsible, direct answers.
1.
Any information the above named agencies
might have
on the UFO Incident that happened at RAF
woodbridge Base in December 1980.
This incident did
happen.
There must be documentation within the above four
mentioned agencies dealing with it.
2.
Any information the above four agencies have
on the destruction of
a Cuban MIG in March 1967. I realize
that the information the NSA has on this incident is
classified TOP SECRET UMBRA on a strict need to know
However, I will accept a simple yes the incident
simple no the incident did not happen.
do not think this is asking too much and surely would not
compromise any state secrets.
After all, have not alot of
the documents dealing with shooting down of Korean Airlines
Flight 007 been declassified and released in the interest
of political consideration by the National Security Agency?
3.
Is or was there an Air Force Project
Aquarius.
The NSA stated in their reply to you concerning
my letter of 6 November 1986, "Apparently there is or was
an Air Force project by that
, name which dealt with UFO's"

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2674, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I am asking the NSA this question due to their response to
the 6 November 1986 letter.
If there is no Air Force
Project Aquarius, than why did the NSA make such a
statement?
4. Once and for all, is the Snowbird Document
(Inci 1) bogus, or a valid document. I am of the opinion
that this document must be a valid document. If not why
does every government agency try to avoid answering
questions concerning this document? Why has no government
agency come out and called this document a hoax?
why did
the DIS investigate Mr. Lee Grahan concerning his
involvement with the Snowbird document?
Why wasn't Mr.
William Moore never questioned by the DIS after Mr. Graham
identified Mr. Moore as his source of the document? Could
it be that Mr. Moore is a government agent? Also, why has
every government agency I have contacted not realized that,
if this document is real, it would appear to be a leaked
document as opposed to a
document being released under the
FOIA which would result in a violation of the National
Security Act of 1947 as
ammended by current and existing
laws and Executive Order.
5. The above named agencies had classified.
information
concerning UFO's during the 1966 and 1968
Congressional inquiries into UFO's and this information was
never made available to the Congressional Committees. Why,
if we are to believe, "that classified information is not
witheld from Congress
dur ing Congressional inquiries?"
Please keep in mind that these agencies still have
classified information on UFO's.
Why?
The term "Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) " was
created by Captain Edward J. Ruppelt, a
former head of Project Blue Book, to replace the words,
"Flying Saucer".
Also the term Unidentified Flying Object
was not included in the DOD's "Dictionary of Military and
Associated Terms".
To be sure the term "Unidentified
Flying Object" should have died at the same time as Project
Blue Book
: (December 17, 1969).
So, I guess the last
question would be, what does the term, "Unidentified Flying
Object" mean
to the National Security Agency.
We have
terms such as, unknown aircraft (s), unknown target(s), and
bogey.
So what could the
term,
"Unidentified Flying
Object" possibly mean
to the NSA?
If we have information that is in fact classified in
the interest of national security concerning UFO's that
would lead one to only conclude that some UFO's are in fact
a threat to our national security.
Therefore, the first
conclusion of Project Blue Book and the Condon Committee
would be incorrect as stated.
Please remember this is not a "Freedom of Information
Act" Request. It is a request for Congressional
Assistance.
Therefore please insure that it is treated as

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1020, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a Congressional inquiry.
The last two responses from the
NSA appear to have been
treated as FOIA Request and I do
not believe that a member of Congress should or has a need
to invoke the FOIA to get the above answers to the
questions I have asked.
To be sure I feel that a member of
Congress as a right to know the truthful, direct, honest
answers to the
questions I have posed as
does the American
public.
All I want is some truthful, honest, direct answers to
the above guestions.
I do not not think this is asking too
much. I sent to your office a
• packet of information
concerning my interest in UFO's and proving that there
exists some every interesting UFO cases in the files of
various governmental agencies. However, I feel that these
were filed away and never read. Io me this is a sad note.
If the documents I sent to your office are never read then
you will never
understand my concern and know what I
believe to be the truth.
Thank you for any assistance you can give me
concerning
these matters.
Sincerely
