{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:32:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 335683, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124155-the-feds-vs-the-foia-bulldog.pdf", "source_sha256": "05ec40832f2019bcef5138d4a5421d5c84cae46bd61722c1babdc59319f591cc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3831, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ff:
The Whistleblowers
The "Feds' vs. The FOIA Bulidog
By Don Ecker
Lee M. Graham may not be some-
one who many in the UFO field
know, but for close to ten years he
has been carrying on the fight for an
end to UFO secrecy, against the
government bureaucracy via the
Freedom of Information Act, or
FOIA. If it is true that certain
ufologists are a thorn in the side of
bureaucrats, then because of his
relentless pursuit of the UFO truth,
Graham must rate as a very sharp
dagger.
Graham is a 57-year-old employee
of the AeroJet Corporation, with the
job title of Electro Mechanical
Associate, II. He describes his early
years as a period of growing interest
not only in UFOs, but also pursuits
related to the government's develop-
ment of high-tech aircraft. Graham's
strict fundamentalist Baptist parents
strongly discouraged such "outland-
ish" ideas in their son.
In the mid-1960s, a friend of
Graham's showed him a news article
on Senator Barry Goldwater saying
he was once refused access to the
famous "Blue Room" at Wright
Patterson Air Force Base, where
hard evidence of UFO-alien reality
has been rumored to be housed.
Because of his fundamentalist Chris
tian background, Graham says he
refused to believe that a secret
governmental "UFO room" could be
true. So he decided to set out to
disprove this allegation.
In 1979, Graham wrote Goldwater,
asking him about his allegedly being
refused access, and if he believed in
UFOs. Goldwater wrote him back,
acknowledging the letter and further
commenting, "we both know about
the rumors."
After the publication of The
Roswell Incident, detailing a still-
renowned UFO crash in 1947, Gra-
ham sent another letter to
Goldwater, including a photocopied
reference to the "Blue Room" from
the book. Goldwater responded and
LEE M. GRAHAM-An abiding interest in high-tech aircraft and his ex-
perience with governmental 'games' has fueled a persistent search for the
truth, through letters and FOTA requests to governmental agencies.
once again stated that he had been
efused access to the infamous "Blu
Room."
At that point, Graham initiated a
petition within Aerojet, which asked
for a UFO hearing and that Gold-
water be allowed access to the
notorious "Blue Room." The peti-
tion garnered over 50 signatures.
(Goldwater, one of the most power-
ful U.S. senators and a reserve U.S.
Air Force general, had been refused
permission into the Blue Room by
his friend and then commander at
Wright Patterson AFB, General Cur-
tis LeMay. As Graham would later
state, rumor had it that Goldwater
did finally receive permission.) •
Goldwater's admission set the
stage for Graham's tenacious pursuit
of answers. His story is now taking a
slightly different turn, and encom-
passes a secret spy satellite called the
DSP-1, (it may have been used to
track UFOs), the F-117A stealth
fighter, and an alleged briefing docu-
ment describing Project AQUARIUS
(the nine-page document, not the
three-page one which has circulated
in the UFO community) that is alleg-
ed to have been written to brief in-
coming President Jimmy Carter on
UFO projects in the military.
Alleged "covert' operation
Most importantly, Graham's self-
described saga also involves serious
allegations against the U.S. govern-
ment. He claims that at one point in
his ongoing experience, members of
the intelligence community set in mo-
tion an apparent "covert" operation
to pull his security clearance, or to
gauge his reaction to being exposed
to top-secret "need-to-know only"
information.
Other actors in this story include
the FBI, an Air Force general, re-
searcher William Moore, the Defense
Investigative Service, a bird called
Faicon...
The roots of Graham's UFO pur-
suit reach back into the history of
the U.S.' advanced weapons systems.
Starting in August of 1958, the U.S.
Air Force was discussing a project
UFO 9

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3626, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
called Subject 461-L. The idea in-
volved setting in geosynchronous or-
bit a satellite capable of detecting a
launch of a Soviet missile by its
rocket exhaust, through infrared
detection.
Problems persisted with the pro-
gram (also called Midas) until about
1971, when Phil Klass wrote an arti-
cle about the program in Aviation
Week & Space Technology. Graham,
who by then was working at Aero-
jet, one of the contractors for the
satellite detection system, surmised
that if this system could detect
missile launches or a meteorite, as
one report stated, it may be possible
that it could also detect UFOs within
the atmosphere.
Already having experience using
the Freedom of Information Act,
more commonly called the FOIA, in
1984 Graham contacted the Air
Force with an FOIA request for in-
formation on the DSP-1 satellite
detection system.
William Moore
"source" had informed him that the
satellite identification and detection
system was code-named "Tread."
Was this code-name correct? Graham
sent a letter asking this question of
'You may or may not know that this company, in fact all
private organizations, are not governed by the Freedom of
Information Act... we cannot respond to your inquiry in
the manner you wish.
What Graham hoped to prove was
that the DSP-1 had indeed detected
UFOs while in flight within the
earth's atmosphere. On Aug. 27,
1984, the Dept. of the Air Force
Space Command wrote Graham a
denial letter citing the "national
security" exemption in reference to
his request as to whether the satellite
detected UFOs.
Graham appealed this action and
detailed his reasons; i.e., Aviation
Week stories detailing the DSP-1
satellite system's capability of track-
ing objects entering and leaving the
earth's atmosphere, an article from
Sky and Telescope describing a
"fireball" passing through the at-
mosphere, and the Air Force report
of tracking the "fireball" with an
"Air Force instrument."
the Air Force Space Command, re-
ferring to Moore's alleged source.
The Air Force fired back a second
denial. Deputy Administrative Assis-
tant Steven A. Thompson stated,
*The existence or non-existence of
information responsive to your re-
quest is currently properly classified
Project "Tread?"
Graham meanwhile had met
William L. Moore, the author of The
Roswell Incident and a researcher
claiming inside knowiedge of some
of the government's alleged UFO in-
tentions. Graham says Moore's
10 VOL. 6, NO. 5 1991
Phil Klass
SPACE-BORNE SENTRY- The DSP
(Defense Support Program) satellite
uses infrared detectors to sense
ballistic missile launches ... and
perhaps, Lee Graham thinks, UFOs.
pursuant to Executive Order 12356. .
• release of the information could
cause identifiable damage to the na-
tional security." By now, it was
1985. At this point, Graham felt the
only tack open was a judicial case,
an option which he has always felt is
out of his reach.
Refusing to take no for an answer,
Graham wrote to Floyd Brown, pub-
lie information representative for
Aerojet Electro Systems, reporting
that he had overheard other engi-
neers saying that the satellite system
had tracked UFOs "making right
hand turns at velocities in excess of
12,000 miles per hour.' Once again,
Graham received the "brush off," he
says. Brown replied,
"You may or
may not know that this company, in
fact all private organizations, are not
governed by the Freedom of Infor-
mation Act ... as a contractor to
the Department of Defense, [we]
cannot respond to your inquiry in
the manner you wish."
Graham continued to submit
FOIA requests to various govern-
ment agencies. He wrote again to the
Dept. of the Air Force on the

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 911, "chars": 5703, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DSP-1, and also submitted FOIAs on
and Graham might be compromised
the then still top-secret stealth
by his interest in UFOs."
fighters.
Graham was cleared in the subse-
In February, 1986 the Aerojet
quent investigation, but a potentially
Management Club invited Phil Klass,
more serious development later oc-
aviation writer and best-known UFO
curred. According to Graham, he
debunker, as a guest speaker for the
had become acquainted with John
membership. Graham had correspon-
Andrews of Testor Corporation, who
ded with Klass for several years, and
is a good friend of Ben Rich of
now was meeting him in person. At
the meeting, says Graham, he
Lockheed Corporation. Lockheed
runs the so-called "Skunk Works,"
overheard Klass asking several of the
purportedly where the company
members about information on the
undertakes extensive development
DSP-1, that at the time could have
and construction of advanced air-
been classified. Graham stated it was
craft.
mentioned either by Klass himself or
In his conversations with Andrews,
during Klass' introduction, that he
Graham's appetite for high-tech air-
was researching a book on the
craft data was whetted. He stated,
DSP-1. Graham subsequently
"Andrews provided me with the
reported Klass to the Defense In-
designation F-117 and [the stealth
vestigative Service for what appeared
project's] code name SENIOR
to be a breach in security measures.
TREND and [convinced me to] make
But Klass denies having asked
a FOIA for it."
anyone for classified information at
With his beginning inquiries
that function, saying, "I would never
related to secret stealth information,
have done that, especially with
Graham apparently attracted still
everyone that was there."
more official attention-but not ex-
Security questioned
However, it was not long after this
that Graham's own security classifi-
cation came under apparent govern-
mental scrutiny. Having come to
official attention with his FOIAs (he
even provided his security chief at
Aerojet with a copy of an alleged
government UFO document--to see
if it would draw official attention, he
claims), Graham was notified that he
was being investigated by the DIS as
a possible security risk.
Later on, when submitting a FOIA
for the file which he knew the
government must by now have on
him, Graham found out that a
"source" in Washington D.C. had
spoken to the DIS and referred to
Graham as a "UFO kook." Not
knowing anyone else in D.C.,
Graham surmised it was Phil Klass.
When UFO contacted Klass, he
readily, admitted that he had spoken
to the DIS. Klass said,
"I knew
Graham had problems with his
clearance because he had written me
and told me. I let the DIS know I
knew Graham and offered my files
to them. I never had any doubt that
Graham was a loyal American, but I
was afraid that with his obsession
with UFOs, a Soviet KGB agent
could offer him photos or informa-
tion of a 'crashed UFO in Russia'
actly the kind he was looking for. It
touched off a real story of govern-
mental disinformation, an apparent
covert operation involving the FBI
and an Air Force general, words
from an alleged government liaison
called "Falcon," additional DIS in-
vestigations, and last but not least,
counterintelligence specialists with the
Air Force Office of Special Investiga-
tions allegedly lying to a U.S.
senator-all stemming from Lee M.
Graham and his FOIA requests.
NOTE
1. At press time, Graham had not
yet furnished UFO with copies of his
letters to Goldwater.
Did the government in fact try to 'set
up' Graham with the intention of
ultimately pulling his security
clearance? He thinks so. In the next
issue, UFO talks to officials and
others involved in Graham's continu.
ing pursuits.
Lazar's W-2 In Question
Alleged former physicist Robert
Andrews faxed UFO a series of
Lazar is now known worldwide
FOIA requests and answers that he
because of his claimed employment
received from the U. S. Navy. An-
at the notorious super-secret site S-4,
drews stated in one letter,
"The
on the Nellis Test Range in Nevada,
Naval Investigative Service Com-
where he says he witnessed and brief-
mand has full power to range across
ly worked on the alien saucers the
the U.S. Navy," and later he re-
military has in its possession.
quested, "Confirm the authenticity
Without comment, UFO ran a
of the W-2 or state in a signed letter
copy of the W-2 form that Lazar
it is bogus."
furnished (Vol. 6, No. 2) as proof of
The Navy did neither. In one of
his employment claim. The W-2's
their answers to Andrews, they did
heading of "United States Depart-
state, however, "
ment of Naval Intelligence" raised
... results of this
search indicated that there is no tax-
questions concerning the existence of
payer, agency, or other employer
such a department, or at least one
with this EIN. Further, we under-
with that name.
stand that there is no practical
Researcher William Moore's Fair
method of determining whether the
Witness Project Inc., has run several
U.S. Department of Navai In-
articles which pointed out areas that
telligence or other employer once had
deserved further study. Lazar has
this [Employer Indentification
been difficult to deal with concerning
these matters, but events place him
Number]." Andrews fired back,
Someone is lying. Plain and simple.
and his allegations under scrutiny.
The question is who and not if. And
Gene Huff, Lazar's good friend,
I already know the why."
tried to help in getting the story told.
UFO has several phone calls in to
However, there is one other in-
Lazar requesting his update on the
dividual who has carried the con-
W-2 controversy. At press time, he
troversy to the government itself,
had not returned the calls. -Don
researcher John Andrews.
Ecker
UFO 11
