{"created_utc": "2026-09-13T12:43:32Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 304680, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304198756699979, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124163-citizens-against-ufo-secrecy-letter-to-larry-bryant-from-jerry-smith.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785540999680000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124163-citizens-against-ufo-secrecy-letter-to-larry-bryant-from-jerry-smith.pdf", "source_sha256": "d75a43d1a1ae7a492186710095d99d8b727c3947f76633c230bf8c30dad58a2e"}

National

                                              UFO
                                               Museum

Citizens Against UFO Secrecy


Dear Larry,
    I saw your organization mentioned in UFO Magazine. I am
sure you will be excited to learn that we are planning to open a
UFO museum here in Reno, Nevada in April 1991. It would seem
that our two organizations have much to offer each other.
    We are still in the early planning stages, so any input from
you would be more than welcome.
     Our plans for the museum proper include a variety of
displays and exhibits that will tell the UFO story to the
general public. It is the official opinion of the museum that
aliens are among us. However, we fully intend to document and
display other theories and solutions to the enigma of UFOs.
We will also occasionally spotlight a group or organization,
yours could be one.   I expect that periodically we will also
feature displays on other unsolved mysteries.   But, please note,
our interest is serious and scientific, not mere curiosity
seeking.  While the museum will be a tourist attraction, it will
not be a `tourist trap'.
     Additionally, we plan to have a bookstore and gift shop.
In it we hope to sell a wide variety of books and magazines on
UFOs and related topics, and not just the usual tourist junk.
I would like to see your publication(s) on sale in our
bookstore. Please contact our Merchandise Director with your
terms and conditions.
     We also plan to have our own in-house research and
publishing department that will not only track down UFO data but
will be a growing archive that will service the UFO community.
It will regularly publish its findings in the museum's
newsletter.  We will be publishing original books as well as an
annual calendar of UFO history and upcoming events.    The
information your group has developed would be a fantastic
addition to our database, and of course, our data would be made
available to you.
    I hope this has given you some idea of what we have `up our
sleeve'. Please let me know if I can provide any additional
information.
                                             With ffnitk,


                                                  E. Smith \,
                                                  ive Director
                                                  al UFO Museum


      National UFO Museum,P                                 3
                                                                          National


                                                                          Museum


      News Release
      For Immediate Publication


      A museum of UFOs has been a dream of UFOlogists for years. Now It Is becoming a
reality.
      The National UFO Museum is a project to educate the public about all aspects
of the UFO phenomenon, and is slated to open its doors to the public in April 1991, in the
popular resort city of Reno, Nevada. It will be the world's largest repository of evidence of
UFOs, including photos, documents, artifacts and displays. There will be extensive archives
and exhibits on such controversial topics as flying saucers and the beings who control them,
crash sites, government coverups, hidden alien bases and other subjects of interest to UFO
buffs and the general public.
       In addition to the public exibits the National UFO Museum will also feature a
bookstore and gift shop specializing In UFOlogy publications and products.
      The National UFO Museum will also have a research department doing original
investigation into UFOs, and producing its own books and literature.
      The National UFO Museum will have a very modest general admission, as its
mission is to present UFO data to the world. A range of supportive membership levels are
also available for the more active UFOlogist. Membership would include discounts on
admission and bookstore items, as well as a subscription to the National UFO

Museum's newsletter.
       For more Information contact Jerry E. Smith, Executive Director.


           National UFO Museum,
