{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:02:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 48, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1683238, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124185-ufos-what-to-do.pdf", "source_sha256": "b549d9b3a40671243b1839cf0ab0c3b6b9b7f0cab9a1ac173a8d0f8c21489214"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2270, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STINET - UFOs: What to Do?
Page 1 of 2
HOME SPECH INFO MAP P
STINET
Record Retrieved
Document Title : UFOs: What to Do?
Filename
ADB223765.pdf
<. Previous Hit
MIME Type
application/pdf
Size (Bytes)
1817406
Next Hit ->
(This is hit 4 of 12.)
AD Number: ADB223765
ProxyURL/Handle: http://handle.dtic.mil/100.2/ADB223765
Subject Categories: ASTRONOMY
Corporate Author: RAND CORP SANTA MONICA CA
Title: UFOs: What to Do?
Personal Authors: Kocher, George
Report Date: NOV 1968
Pages: 46 PAGES
Report Number: RAND/DRU-1571
Monitor Acronym: X0
Monitor Series: XD
Limitations: Approved for public release; distribution unlimited.
Descriptors: *UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, RADAR, HISTORY, PERCEPTION
(PSYCHOLOGY).
Abstract: UPOs -- unidentified flying objects, or flying saucers as they are often called -- have been on
the mind of the public for at least the last 22 years. For a number of reasons, we know little more about
them now than we did at the outset. There exists a great amount of misinformation about the phenomenon
not only in the minds of the public, but among educated groups such as scientists as well. It is the purpose
of this series of essays to describe various aspects of the phenomenon, make clear my prejudices and the
reasons for them, and to suggest a means of proceeding on this interesting and potentially very significant
problem. But first, a few words about the term UFO. J. A. Hynek, an astronomer having continuous
involvement with UFO study for over 20 years, defines UFOs as 'any reported aerial or surface visual
sighting or radar return which remains unexplained by conventional means even after examination by
competent persons. This definition...specifies neither flying nor objects.'(1) I would agree, but would
prefer to replace 'or radar return' with 'or instrumental observation' and 'even after examination by
competent persons' to 'even after competent examination by qualified persons.' This, then, is the definition
I have adopted in the five essays that follow.
Limitation Code: APPROVED FOR PUBLIC RELEASE
Source Code: 296600
Citation Creation Date: 04 JUN 1997
Hard Copy Cost
Based on the document information (46 pages), the cost of this report is $7.00 dollars per copy
http://stinet.dtic.mil/cgi-bin/fulcrum_main.pl
22/07/03

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 333, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STINET - UFOs: What to Do?
unless annotated otherwise in the pages field above.
Order entire document from DTIC.
Page 2 of 2
[ Home | Sci Tech Documents | STINET Info | Site Map | Find It | Help]
42LN3O
STINET WWW
stinet@dtic.mil
Last updated : Tue Jul 22
19:28:11 2003
STINET
http://stinet.dtic.mil/cgi-bin/fulcrum_main.pl
22/07/03

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2173, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PTT
eT Te CLTeerrat eect
fe ida ae de
reer re re ee ee . errr er eerrer eee err
ee re rr ee eee eer eer
See ict
Perret este eee
oPeeir Tires 4
ferherert FER d eee .
. * j
*
*
*

attendee ~re-
a Prispeovrdires casts
' flags reeeeee
ASA eee
4 rekeeteree Pret ieriatl
shed bh eheeb ee

* Ahte eee ard hae
aedennee

eerie

te

Qerart raat
Tete eee
Pe eee

eae gad
ed ee

Fete eee
Oe ae
weet ewe

a tecere At pesne
pegaraar epnedeaatpeteig 7

piwtaagapeseape .

ere eres Serr) i

teal sccm eeefenpecanee wecceeee eeeeedegsceeeecegee

Deeb epee sear OPE ee eee Pe

tastrege : slepepereaeera cap eroangesearagppedapecceaeerneerdnde
deaaeseee eerie ere erer ere er erate rr terre tee re rere

*
f
/
ra

ae bead pole

7
t
*
+

+
*
*
7
+

rh
od
wk

Peer rry
See
err itrss
eee
pin fee
Badapa tae

nF
maar

+ Sere ebe ee cere RUE
betderepeess tees teseaed er ee
ore

i

dpe
Poem ck

Steeda deme

ane
eRe eae a a
er eee TT Te TeeT ri Prrate es
Perec ee eee
Teer ee
thsheeeon
rape

ribeaercl
eer

ores.
eee ae

+
+

a
Fa
oF

ee er ee
racur

pemeeeendtege pped
feaegeeeee ss eee
sueperebrd rela pee
teat eee
Tree ee
Pee ted ee

ree

Pareere
ee eee

cde thee dee
ee eee oes
oe er Ta ro

ete ete ee he

er Tre tee ery
rap eras nary

ee ee ne

ee
ccd

Pattee
boomer
Fee
bene ee
inaeae
eer ee
Pea

Approved for public release, distribution
unlimited

Dee ee ee a a ee a ee ee a a a a ha ee ee a a a

FROM

Distribution: DTIC users only.

irene teh tel date Bah ht tetad etal tA EA ts lal Setetetetedetate dette Se ASD Peete tet f tt toda 0S ink ded dod dt ded ded tt eted toed treet tbe dea tet tor at retreat rd
abverdete rege cde aaresaqgeercercesrs SP pps eee Avasspeae TiC Tete Tarr ore rer ete eet
eee eed ad peed epee ekg a Suhre seaeeneden PPR eRe EE aR AEE a
eed deb pbde rt Sade ee pe rdpeeee Fosse pda See R ere ea eee Plea etter he
wpepedaae PUeee PUPP REPS PEE ee eee ee
sereereeh i peaae
pene neeh
Bepehdeayeeederd
Se ee eee eer
ferbe bares 4
rane

=7

at
are

eoereeed ergrerrrderetaie

Moe pede where reas reedaee

— eee errs

agerbn be tat

a .
a
deeeer ba beee

ete
tee Pu tat

RAND, ltr 21 Jun 2000, Publications Dept,
Santa Monica, CA

THIS PAGE IS UNCLASSIFIED

ST SS eS

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 481, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RAND
UFOs: What to Do?
George Kocher
DRU-1571
Originally published November 1968
"DTIC USERS ONLY"
19970423 143
This document is unreviewed and unedited.
Views and conclusions expressed herein are
tentative and do not necessarily represent the
policies or opinions of RAND
RAND is a nonprofit institution that helps improve public policy through research and analysis
RAND's publications and drafts do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of its research sponsors.
-
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 286, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PREFACE
This paper was originally produced as an internal document; it was not
prepared for or delivered to any of RAND's clients. Peer review has not been
undertaken, nor has it been edited or prepared for publication. It is being
released at this time as a matter of public interest.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 265, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
INTRODUCTION
Part lL:
Part 2:
Part 3:
Part 4:

Part. 5:

A REPORT FORM

BIBLIOGRAPHY

UFO's:
UFO's:
UFO's:
UFO's:

UFO's:

ii

Historical Aspects...
Astronomical Aspects ..
The Character of Reports
Phenonenological Aspects

How to Proceed and Why .

12

24

29

33

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1504, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
-
-I-
INTRODUCTION
Common sense is the quintessence of the
experiences and prejudices of its time.
It is a most unreliable advisor when
one is confronted with a perfectly new
situation.
Gustav Naan
UFOs -- unidentified flying objects, or flying saucers as they
are often called -- have been on the mind of the public for at least
the last 22 years. For a number of reasons, we know little more about
them now than we did at the outset. There exists a great amount of
misinformation about the phenomenon not only in the minds of the public,
but among
educated groups such as scientists as well. It is the pur-
pose of this
series
of essays to describe various aspects of the phe-
nomenon, make clear my prejudices and the reasons for them, and to sug-
gest a means of proceeding on this interesting and potentially very
significant problem.
But flist, a few words about the term UFO. J. A. Hynek, an astron-
oner having continuous involvement with UFO study for over 20 years, de-
fines UFOs as "any reported aerial or șurface visual sighting or radar
return which remains unexplained by conventional means even after exam-
ination by competent persons. Ihis definition. ..specifies neither fly-
ing nor objects. "(1)
I would agree, but would prefer to replace "or
radar return" with "or instrumental observation" and "even after exami-
nation by competent persons" to "even after competent examination by
qualified persons." This, then, is the definition I have adopted in
the five essays that follow.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1660, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
PARI 1: UFOS -- HISTORICAL ASPECTS
Copyrighted artwork removed
•
179.
Those familiar with the UFO literature are aware that reports of
sightings did not begin with Arnold's sighting in 1947, but that phe-
nomenology much the same as is reported today can be found in documents
going back to the earliest times. Vallee (2)
gives a sampling of this;
B:I.P. Irench (3) has made a more thorough study and reports on the re-
search of others able to study the original documents.
What was reported? Luminous discs, shields, globes and elongated
objects in the sky, sometimes alone, sometimes in large numbers. Oc-
casional descriptions of interactions with the observers are also men-
tioned, including landings, and seeing and communicating with occupants.
The latter events especially were almost always interpreted in a re-
ligious context. A recent example is the repeated appearance of a
typical UFO phenomenology at Fatima, Portugal on six successive months
in 1917. The October 13 phenomenon was the best reported and was
witnessed by a crowd of about 70,000 persons, including a number of
scientists, reporters, atheists, and agnostics, as well as faithful
Catholics. One of the scientifically curious was DI. A. Garrett of
the University of Coimbra. Rain, which had been falling that day, ceased
and the crowd looked up to see the "sun" now visible through the heavy
clouds. Professor Garrett wote, "...I turned toward this (sun) which
was attracting all eyes and I could see it like a disk with a clear cut
edge, with a vivid rim, luminous and shining, but without hurting one.
The comparison I have heard at Fatima with a disk of dull silver, does
:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2277, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
-3-
not seem to me exact. It was a clearer, more vivid, richer color and
with shifting tints like the luster of a pearl. It was not at all like
the moon on
a clear transparent night, for one saw and felt it like a
living star. Nor was it spherical like the moon, nor did it have the
same quality of lighter and less light. It looked like a burnished
wheel cut out of mother-of-pearl. Nor could it be confused with the
sun seen through a fog -- there was no fog... This disc spun dizzily
round. It was not the twinkling of a star: it whirled round upon it-
self with mad rapidity... The sun, preserving the celerity of its xo-
tation, detached itself from the firmament and advanced, blood-red,
towards the earth, threatening to crush us with the weight of its vast
and fiery mass. These moments made a terrifying impression, "(4) The
relationship of the old phenomenology to religion are discussed by
(5)
Thomas.
An example of earlier celestial displays of interest is illustrated
in Figs, 1 and 2. These are broadsheets from Nuremberg (1561) and Basel
(1566), respectively. The psychologist, C. G. Jung, provides an analy-
sis of the contents of the woodcuts in his interesting book.
Reference
7 has a very interesting reproduction of a fourteenth century fresco in
a Yugoslavian church.
The modern period of the phenomenon began with a widely publicized
sighting made by Kenneth Arnold in Washington state in 1947. A study
by Bloecher of north american reports over the four week period bracket-
ing the Arnold sighting lists 853 events, including 38 sightings made
before Arnold's heavily publicized sighting. (8)
Because the early reports seemed to suggest airborne craft of un-
usual appearance and kinematics, the problem came to rest with the
newly organized U.S. Air Force. Initial fears were that the country
was being overflown by advanced foreign aircraft, possibly on intelli-
gence missions.
The latter was suggested by the large number of sight-
ings from the White Sands, New Mexico area and from the vicinity of the
Hanford, Washington atomic plant.
Serious inquiry proceeded for a few years without any positive re-
sults. A number of supposedly knowledgeable people spoke out pointing
out the sporadic nature of the sightings, and that since the reported

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 239, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Copyrighted artwork removed

Fig. 1 -- Nuremberg Broadsheet, 1561

HE 7 Sh MAS 7h ) Aa

Copyrighted artwork removed

nn rp le a . —ee

Fig. 2 -- Basel Broadsheet, 1566

Both Broadsheets from the Wickiana Collection,
Zurich Central Library

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2377, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
kinematics were inconsistent with current physical theory, the UFOs
were not likely to be from a foreign power. Further, they argued, no
other planets in our
solar system were believed to support life -- cer-
tainly not intelligent life -- and since even the nearest star was over
four light years away, the hypothesis of extraterrestrial origin was
simply unacceptable from the scientific point of view. (9)
The Air Force investigative effort worked as follows: 10) When-
ever a sighting was made, a report was to be made out and turned in to
the Air Force at base level. The report was forwarded to Wright-Patter-
son AFB, Ohio for study. If the report was interesting enough, follow-
up inquiry was made. By 1952 the number of reports coming in was so
large that the CIA was concerned that an actual attack on the country
might not be immediately recognized. A panel of scientists was then
convened in January 1953 to study the available evidence and see what
conclusion could be reached about UFOs. After seven days of hearing
evidence and discussing the matter it was concluded that there was only
circumstantial evidence of the extraterrestrial hypothesis. The panel
Iecommended a broadened study effort with full disclosure of investi-
gations. In order to unplug the military intelligence channels, how-
ever, the CIA recommended that, since the UFOs apparently posed no
threat, the Air Force should debunk UFO reports and try generally to
discourage public interest in them, in the hope that they would go
away. (11)
It was the CIA's recommendation, apparently, that was made policy,
for the investigative procedures used since 1953 have been vestigal and
the handling of the subject by the authorities tended to make witnesses
look ridiculus. In spite of the unfavorable publicity accorded witnesses,
reports persisted, and no doubt in response to official behavior sev-
eral civilian study groups were formed to receive reports and investi-
gate sightings.
The most successful of these groups is the National
Investigation Comittee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). NICAP's member-
ship is well dispersed geographically and acts to learn as much as pos-
sible from sightings. The large number of scientific and technical
personnel in the NICAP membership aids the quality of their evaluations.
A sumnary of characteristics of the UFO phenomenology published by NICAP

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2252, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
in 1964(12)
contains 575 reports that were extensively checked by NICAP
for accuracy.
A series of sightings in 1965 and 1966 received considerable public
attention and after the poor public reception given the official expla-
nations, the Air Force felt compelled to contract for a 15 month (later
stretched to 18 months) scientific study to be performed at the Univer-
sity of Colorado under the leadership of E. U. Condon, a highly re-
spected physicist. The Condon Cormittee is due to complete investiga-
tions at the end of June 1968; its report will be reviewed by the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences (presumably to validate that the study was
indeed the objective pearl of the scientific method that was desired),
and is expected to be made public in October 1968. Unfortunately, the
dismissal of two members of the Committee in February 1968 resulted in
publicity suggesting that the study was not, in fact, objective. It
remains, therefore, to see the final report to determine the worth of
the study.
In the meantime, the respectability accorded UFOs by the $500, 000
study contract permitted a considerable amount of scientific interest
to surface. Astronomer Hynek has made a number of public statements
on the basis of his long involvement as a consultant to the Air Force;
. atmospheric physicist James E. Mcdonald has turned his attention fuLl
time to the subject, and a number of scientific and technical journals
have printed some dialogue - notably Science, the AIAA Journal, Bulle-
tin of the Atomic Scientists and the Journal of the Astronautical Sci-
ences. It is also noteworthy that the University of Toronto has re-
cently formed a UFO study group.
Even the Soviets, who previously refused even to discuss the sub-
ject now admit to having a study group with good qualifications. The
USSR Academy of Sciences still holds to the orthodox scientific view
that UFOs are a nonproblem, however, using the same arguments we heard
so long. These arguments are just as invalid in the USSR as in the
USA.
It therefore appears that the subject is slowly and finally being
regarded as a fit subject of scientific inquiry. It is hoped that
enough scientists will acquaint themselves with the subject so that
progress can finally be made.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 182, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
(Reference 13 is a good account of how the UFO phenomenon was
treated in the U.S. and is recommended to those wondering how science

came to consciously ignore the subject.)

++ eee

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2104, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8-
PART 2: UFOS -- ASTRONOMICAL ASPECTS
The astonishing thing would be if they
did not exist.
Jean Cocteau
We saw in Part 1 that the historical aspects suggest an extra-
terrestrial explanation to UFOs. While it has not been established
that the contemporary phenomena are extensions of the historical, there
does seem to be a continuity in the descriptions of the phenomena de-
scribed. We shall therefore look at contemporary astronomical knowl-
edge and theories and ascertain the likelihood of the existence of other
highly developed life forms.
Io begin with, the observable universe -- that is, the distance
to which we can observe luminous objects -- Is several billion light-
years in radius (a light year is the distance light travels in a year
at a rate of 186,300 miles per second. The sun is 8 light minutes from
the earth. The next-nearest star is 4.2 light years away). Within
this vast volume we find hundreds of millions of galaxies. Oux own
(Milky Way) galaxy is similar to many of those we see at great distances.
It is a lens-shaped assemblage of some 100 billion stars having a di-
ameter of about 100,000 light years,
The sun is but one of its compon-
ent stars, and lies about 30,000 light years from the center, close to
the plane of symmetry.
Now let us just consider the stars in our own galaxy -- specifi-
cally excluding those in neighboring or distant galaxies. We would
like to estimate the number of stars having planets roughly similar to
the Earth.
From the statistics of stars within 15 light years of the
sun we find that only about one-third are single, the rest binary or
multiple. Since planetary orbits are often unstable in multiple sys-
tems (depending on the details of the configuration) we will say that
only 30 billion stars in our galaxy now have a dynamical environment
that permits planets to exist around them. Will these stars have
planets? We cannot state with assurance that they will; however, cur-
intent knowledge supports the theory that planetary formation is a natural
adjunct to formation of the star itself from the interstellar gas cloud,
:
•

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2267, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-9-
We would therefore expect about 30 billion stars to have one or more
planets. Now, we can reject certain classes of stars
as candidates
for habitable planets, because their lifetimes are too short (these
are stars of high mass). Others can be rejected because of variabil-
ity in light output, a characteristic that would make evolutionary de-
velopment of life much more difficult. In fact if we select only those
stars similar to the sun (whose peak of radiation energy coincides with
a region of terrestrial atmospheric transparency) we have only a few
percent of the total -- about one in 30. Therefore, we would
expect
about 1000 million suitable solar type stars exist. Of these, it is
estimated by various astronomers that 200-600 million have planets at
about the right distance and have been around long enough that life
forms as developed as our own could exist. Implicit in further dis-
cussion are the assumptions that:
1. Planets and/or life evolves to a mutual compatibility;
2. The life force, whether spontaneous or otherwise, is such that
whenever the environment is favorable, life will exist;
3. Our own history of past avolution and development is neither
slow nor fast, but average and typical for life forms. (Ours is the
only example available and no one has yet demonstrated that the "average"
galactic life form should be any different.)
Now let us turn momentarily to time scales. The sun and earth
are on the order of 5 billton years old. We might define modern man
as being about 5000 years old (Stonehenge is 4000 years old) -- just
one millionth of the earth's age. The age of science is certainly not
more than 500 years, so our scientific and technical development has
thus far occupied only one ten-millionth of the earth's life span. We
expect the sun will burn another 5 billion years before significant
changes in its brightness occur. Now the age of the galaxy is between
5 and 10 billion years; therefore among the 200-600 million stars we
would expect to have acceptable planets, some would be older than the
sun, some younger (for star formation is still continuing, even though
at a lesser rate than in the galaxy's early history) and some the same age.
It should be clear from assumption (3) and the example of our own
-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2381, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-10-
development, that among the populated planets those younger than the
sun would be peopled by beings very much behind us technologically,
while those on older planets would be extraordinarily advanced (remem-
ber our progress of 500 years and note that some planets could be as
much as a
few billion years older). Indeed, we would be surprised to
find someone else at just our stage of technical development. For the
purposes of this paper, we can ignore both the multitude younger than
ourselves and those at our point of development. Even so, we are left
with the possibility of 100, 000,000 planets in the galaxy having life
forms very much advanced from us. (This number would be reduced sig-
nificantly if life forms destroyed themselves soon after reaching our
stage of development. This is a philosophical point on which I am opti-
mistic -- I believe the majority of races will learn to survive.) If
these stars are uniformly distributed in the galactic disk, the aver-
age separation will be about 10 light years.
The usual scientist's reaction at this point is, well, even if the
assumptions are correct and this number of advanced civilizations does
exist, contact is still impossible because of the speed of light limita-
tion of the theory of relativity. An excellent example of this kind
of reasonsing can be found in Ref. 14. My reply is that such a state-
ment would appear to be shortsighted. For the moment, let us ignore
the possibilities of overcoming the long time of travel by suspended
animation and the like. Recall that our own physical theory has been
developed in only 500 years. What can we expect in the next 500? Or
1000 or million or even billion years? I suggest that if a way to cit-
cunvent the speed of light restriction is possible, it has already been
found by someone in our galaxy. (I haven't the faintest idea how this
might be done and I fully agree that our own experimental data appear
to accurately confirm the existence of this limitation.) If it has
been discovered by one, we certainly would expect it to be used; if no
other planet's inhabitants independently discovered the means, it makes
little difference for such a thing could be taught by the discoverer.
Thus we may conclude that it is very likely that at least one, and prob-
ably many of the 100 million advanced planetary populations is capable
of interstellar travel.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1025, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-11-
The next question is, of course, have any of them been here? That
question cannot yet be answered definitively. Without krowing what
kind of phenomenology extraterrestrial visitors might exhibit, I Will
fall back on my scientific, mechanistic attitudes and say it makes sense
to look for some kind of vehicle or spaceship. It appears that the
class of phenomenology called UFO reports may contain, as a subset,
actual observations of such craft. We shall now turn to the reports
to see when and where things are seen and by whom and what phenomen-
ology, if any, is revealed by the reports.
(Further information about the astronomical and biological possi-
bilities are in Ref. 15, whose principal defects are (1) the authors'
uninformed rejection of UFO phenomenology as being relevant to the sub-
ject under discussion, and (2) their meek acceptance of the speed-of-
light restriction as a universal truth. References 16 and 17 provide
more detailed and more technical discussions of some aspects of the
problem.)
•
-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2365, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-12-
PART 3: UFOS -- THE CHARACTER OF REPORTS
Any collection of reports of unknown aerial sightings by the public
wIll include a large percent of noise - sightings of something explain-
able. The reports are made because the appearance falls outside the
range of the observer's experience, and the observer believes it is
sufficiently anomalous to warrant the attention of authorities. Thus,
any large collection of reports will include descriptions of aircraft,
balloons, spacecraft, astronomical objects, atmospheric effects and the
like. Often the practiced and perceptive analyst can recognize the
stimulus, particularly if he has access to records of aircraft, balloon,
and satellite movements, meteorological data and astronomical phenomen-
ology. Recognition of stimulus is aided by a high quality report which
is as quantitative as possible and which shows the observer to be able
to differentiate between observation and interpretation. Of course a
number of reports will be so lacking in details that no conclusion can
be reached about what was seen. These are of little use; they may, how-
ever, serve as corroborating evidence to another, higher quality, re-
port and should not, therefore be rejected. The really interesting
class of reports is that reporting phenomenology which is clearly ex-
traordinary. The observer's qualifications may be such that the report
is not only highly credible but is articulate and quantitative as well.
It is this subclass of reports, variously estinated at 5 to 20 percent
of the total, that offer hope of our learning what is going on.
Hynek considers two parameters of reports, credibility and strange-
ness, and suggests that the investigator really needs only to be con-
cerned with reports having high strangeness and high credibility. The
physical scientist is in a position to evaluate strangeness, the social
scientist should be able to provide some measure of credibility. Hynek
also conments on
a number of beliefs about UFOs and reports stating,
(18)
among other things, that most reports are made by people who previously
never gave much thought to UFOs; that reports are not always vague; and
that well educated, well trained, rellable, stable people also contri-
bute reports. These conclusions have been reached by most people who
have takén the trouble to collect and investigate reports first hand.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2161, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-13-
Io illustrate the character of reports, I will quote several
narratives from the literature. (Narratives, of course, are just the
beginning of any report. Quantitative information, usually not given
in the narrative must be obtained by careful interview of the witness.)
The first is taken from a collection of 160 reports by O1sen. (19) It
was originally made to NICAP.
Date: 24 April 1962
Place: Springfield (Delaware County), Pennsylvania
First witness, J. A. Gasslein, JI. (It. Colonel, USAR Ret.) reports:
"Time: Approximately 1945 hours, weather: clear, cloudless,
medium blue sky, visibility good.
"My wife was driving her mother home following the latter's visit
to our home. They had driven around the block to higher ground when
my wife's mother looked out the car window and saw a large object. It
was moving slowly and silently in an east-to-west direction at not
over 50 ft. above street level. (Determined by the proximity to and
relationship to the size of the Cape-Cod-type bungalows over which
the object was passing.) My wife then plainly saw the object herself.
"Anxious to have me see the object, my wife quickly drove the car
back to our house and attracted my attention. I had been working in
the basement. I ran out of the house and up the street for a view.
By the time I saw it, the object appeared to be about a quarter to a
half-mile away, moving in a westerly direction. I saw it as an object
smaller at the top than at the base, seemingly suspended in the air
at an angle of about 45 degrees from my position, and giving off
colored lights. I know that the object was not any kind of conventional
aircraft of balloon.
"Having had the advantage of a closer viewing than I, my wife
describes the object as follows..
" "The UFO appeared to be about the size of one of the Cape Cod
houses over which it passed, which would make it approximately 30 ft.
in diameter and about the same dimension in height. It was circular,
surmounted by a dome giving off flashes of green light. The center
section rotated a series of square shaped "windows", each giving off
a brilliant white light. The base section was somewhat saucer-shaped,
-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2235, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-14-
curved upward. Shafts of white light were directed dowaward from the
base.' Unfortunately, my wife cannot recall if the exterior was
metallic in appearance. In any event, the object had a well-defined
outline. Again, it moved silently. There was no evidence of occupants
of the UFO.
"Approximately 20 to 25 minutes following the first sighting
described above, the following sighting occured:
"Returning from taking her mother home, my wife drove the car
into our driveway alongside the house, headed westward. In the rear of
our home was a wooded park area. My wife walked down the driveway to
enter the house. Coming up the driveway was a neighbor friend, a
young lady 20 years of age. In a tone of astonishment, she called
my wife's attention to the park area, from which was emerging an object
of the same description as outlined
above moving easterly at low level -
not over 50 ft. above ground level, as judged by the trees in the
area - the UFO proceded relatively slowly and without sound. It was
approaching the rear of our home and adjacent properties.
"Again, my wife called me from the basement. By the time I got
outside, the object had made a 90 degree turn northward and was
proceeding parallel to the backs of the houses in the same line as
ours. It was perhaps 150 - 200 yards distant. My observation of the
characteristics of the UFO tallied with my wife's and the young Lady's.
Each of them independently made a pencil sketch within a few minutes
after the sighting, and the sketches were substantially alike.
"All told, there were at least 15 persons in the vicinity who
acknowledged seeing the object at about the same time as the sightings
made by my wife and nyself."
Another witness, P. I. Scattergood, reports:
"Around 8 (p.m.) I stepped out the front door, facing south and
saw a brilliantly lighted object low in the southern sky. At first I
took it to be a jet taking off from Philadelphia Airport, which is in
that general direction. But I could hear no engine noise and it was
traveling too slowly to be a plane. Also it did not have the usual
blinking lights.
"It appeared to have a row of yellowish lights (which I took for
the windows of the "jet") with a clear green light at the top. As I
-
•

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2381, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-15-
watched, the row of lights appeared to be obscured as though a large
paddle-wheel were revolving and blotting then out, beginning with the
rear lights and proceeding forward. Since the object was moving west,
I saw the right hand side of it. Ihe periodic appearance and disappearance
of the lights was perfectly regular. The top green light was constantly
visible. I stood on the pavement and watched the object sail leisurely
to the west until it disappeared behind some trees. The observation
probably lasted from 5 to 10 minutes."
This report has the desirable features of the UFO being seen by a
number of people (about 15) of which two actually made reports. (Hynek
estimates the number of sightings to be about 10 times the number of réports
turned in). Other desirable aspects of this sighting are that it was
made during daylight; that it was
near enough that some details of
its configuration were observable; and, it was visible long enough
to allow the observers to consider "explanations" as they watched it.
The second example is reported by James F. McDonald in I. Bloecher's
book on an intense period of UFO activity in 1947. The report was
made 20 years after the sighting to Prof. McDonald for the reasons
given at the end of the quotation.
"Mrs. Olavick was in her kitchen at 2101 East Hawthorne Street,
Tucson, while Mrs. Down was out in the back-year patio. Suddenly
Mrs. Down called her out excitedly, and both proceeded to observe
what had caught Mrs. Down's eye.
The time was just after the noon
hour; Tucson's skies were completely cloudless. Somewhat north of
their zenith lay an unusual, isolated, "steamy-fleecy" cloud at an
altitude which Mrs. Olavick found difficult to estimate, though she
recalled that it seemed lower than average for that time of year (thus,
perhaps at or below 10,000 feet, say). No other cloud was to be seen
in the sky. In and out of the cloud moved a number of dull-white
disc-like objects that lose and fell in an erratic manner, occasionally
disappearing into of above the unnatural cloud. She said that these
objects were round in planform but were not spherical, for they
frequently tipped a bit, explosing a flattened-sphere form. She
estimates that they watched these objects cavorting near the cloud for
perhaps five or six minutes before the entire group suddenly disappeared
within the cloud or perhaps above it.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2193, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-16-
"After a minute or so, as she now recalls it, a new object,
perhaps three of four times as large as the little objects, came out
of the cloud on its east side. After it emerged, the small objects
began to emerge also, taking up a V-formation pattern behind it. The
V comprised a line of four-abreast just to the rear of the large object,
then a line of three-abreast behind that, and finally two-abreast In
the rear. Thus the point of the V was to the rear (in the sense of
the emergent and subsequent motion). This formation permitted the
first accurate count of the small objects, nine in all. No sooner had
the last pair emerged than all ten objects shot off to the north-
east, climbing out of sight in a time that she thought was probably
two to three seconds. She does not recall what happened to the cloud
after the ten objects departed.
"I (McDonald) have spoken with Mrs. Olavick several additional
times, following her first call. Her account was presented in an
unembellished manner, and her descriptions were carefully framed,
specifying just which parts had become less distinct in her memory.
But the basic vividness of her memory of this observation she stressed
repeatedly. I had to explain that it was by no means clear that the
objects she saw were identical with those reported by Kenneth Arnold
two months later.
When I queried her as
to why she had not reported
them, she pointed out that she and Mrs. Down were entirely convinced
that they had been fortunate enough to witness some new American
military vehicles about which the general public had not yet been
inforned. Later she heard of the "flying saucers," and she and Mrs.
Down, when they rejoined their husbands in mid-summer in Iowa, told
then about their own observation. The husbands, she recalled, made such
a joke of it that they ceased mentioning it.
Again we have a daytime sighting of several minutes duration,
with two witnesses. As is often the case when the phenomenon appears
mechanical, it was interpreted as some secret government development.
Ridicule of the sighting by family members and friends (If not by
authorities) is frequently mentioned as a reason for delayed reporting
of sightings.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2218, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
•
-17-
A third report is taken from a paper Prof. McDonald presented
at the 12 March 1968 Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute Astronautics
Symposium, Montreal.
"At about 5:15 a.I., PDI, on the morning of July 4, 1967, at
least five witnesses (and reportedly others not yet locatable) saw an
object of unconventional nature moving over Highway 5 on the edge of
Corning, California. Hearing of the event from NICAP, I begai searching
for the witnesses and eventually telephone-interviewed four. Press
accounts from the Corning Daily Observer and Oakland Tribune afforded
further corroboration.
"Jay Munger, operator of an all-night bowling alley; was drinking
coffee with two police officers, James Overton of the Corning force
and Frank Rakes of the Orland force, when Munger suddenly spotted the
object out the front windows of his bowling alley. In a moment all
three were outside observing what they each described as a dark gray
oval or disc-shaped object with a bright light shining upwards on its
top and a dimmer light shining downward from the underside. A dark gray
or black band encircled the mid-section of the object. When first
sighted, it lay almost due west, at a distance that they estimated at
a quarter of a mile (later substantiated by Independent witnesses
viewing it at right angles to the line of sight of the trio at the
bowling alley). It was barely noving, and seemed to be only a few
hundred feet above terrain. The dawn light Illuminated the object, but
not so brightly as to obscure the two lights on top and bottom, they
stated.
"Munger, thinking to get an independent observation from a different
part of Corning, returned alnost immediately to telephone his wife; but
she never saw it for reasons of tree-obscuration. At my request, Munger
Ie-enacted the telephoning process to form a rough estimate of elapsed
time.
He obtained a time of 1-1.5 minutes. This time is of interest
because, when he completed the call and rejoined Overton and Rakes, the
object had still moved only a short distance south on Highway 5 (about
a quarter of a mile perhaps), but then quickly accelerated and passed
off to the south, going out of their sight in only about 10 seconds, far
to their south.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 1971, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-18-
Paul Heideman, of Fremont, California, was driving south on Highway
5 at the time of the above sighting, along with a friend, Robert King.
I located Heideman and obtained from him an account of his observation
made from a point on the highway north of Corning. He saw the light
from the object, and had veered east (a turn not seen from the more
restricted viewing point of the bowling-alley parking lot). Heideman
said that, when first seen, it lay almost straight down Highway 5,
serving to check the estimate of the other observers that the object
Lay only a few city blocks to their west.
The weather was clear, no haze, no wind, according to the witnesses.
Munger's concise comment was, "I've never seen anything like it before."
He estimated its "diameter" at perhaps 50-100 ft, and its vertical thick-
ness as perhaps 15-20 ft, with some kind of edge (band) perhaps 5-10 ft
thick. No sound was ever heard. Overton stated to me that he had no
idea what it was, but that "there was no doubt it was a craft of some
sort."
The next example is from a report I personally investigated. It
occurred in the area where I was reared; the observers are known to my
family; I am familiar with the natural phenomenology of the area.
Date:
10 October 1966
Place: Near Newton, Illinois
First witnesses:
Mrs. A (she prefers not to be publicly identified
because of the reaction of friends and neighbors).
Time: 5:20 p.m.
"Mrs. A was in her kitchen preparing supper; five of her children
were playing outdoors. The children shouted to her to "come out and
see the silent plane". She writes "I glanced out the south window and
there it was coming into sight just south of our 72 foot silo moving
very slowly from east to west. It was about 35 feet high. My first
thought was that it was a plane making an emergency landing, but when
I saw it in full view, I knew it was no plane, not like anything I have
ever seen. I hurried outside to join the children in the yard. It
•
•

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 1902, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 19-
continued to move in a straight line to the west. We could see it
clearly as it drifted over a 50 by 100 foot machine shed being built
at the time [the workers were, however, in the fields this dayl. It
appeared to be larger than our car, and
was more oval. There was a
bluish glow around the ends, top, and bottom of it. It (the glow)
wasn't bright, since it was daylight yet, but more like a low cloud,
haze, or fog; or a mixture of bluish-grey tiny bubbles floating along
around it. The object was seen clearly. It was blue In color and
appeared to be made of metal. You could see [longitudinal] seam lines.
There was one black window. I thought they (assuming someone was in
It) could see out but we could not see them. I kept looking for
someone to peep out and wave, but don't recall seeing or feeling
anything at the time. There was a brownish-gold design on the lower
back half. A raised part was on the top near the back which was
noticed by all the children. It moved very quietly, making no sound
at all except for a whirling or vibrating sound for 1 or 2 seconds as
it drifted on toward the west... We followed It down the yard and lane,
continuing to watch It as it was 300 feet, then 200 feet from the north
and south gravel road and the REA electric line which is on the
west side of the road. We were talking together, all very excited
about what it was, where it came from,
if there were people in it, and
if it would rise to clear the electric line. It did; it rose so quickly
and was out of sight in just a few seconds. Our eyes could not follow
it fast enough. This was certainly a fantastic thing."
The questionnaire, a lengthy correspondence, an interview in June
1967 and other checking produced the following details:
Meteorology: Clear, warm, dry weather, cloudless.
Astronomical: Moonset 3:51 p-m. EST
Sunset 5:29 p.m. EST
UFO: Prolate spheroidial shape as shown below.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 338, "chars": 1997, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-20-
:
The surface appeared to be non-specular, Itke dull aluminum or metal,
and blue, the color probably deriving from the self-luminous halo. Lon-
gitudinal seams were apparent, but no rivets or such were seen. The
black rectangle was assumed to be a window and appeared to be recessed.
It was not shiny, but "like the dark of night." The surrounding glow
was partly opaque, yet self luminous. It was darker than the sky and
extended about 1/4 the object's length in all directions. The halo was
particularly opaque
at the ends of the object, obscuring the underlying
parts. Ihe design at the lower rear Looked like a pattern of crosses
and dots like (1) or (2)
(1)
(2)=.
Mrs. A says the glow obscured the design and in any case her attention
was fixed on the "window". The only sound heard occurred when the UFO
was nearest the unfinished shed, being constructed of a wooden framework
covered with ferrous sheets. It is possible that some sheets were caused
to vibrate. No electromagnetic effects were noted (TV was off) and
no electrostatic of other effects were noted by Mrs. A or her children.
As the UFO disappeared, Mrs. A was just Iooking along the road for a
car; two of the children said the UFO pitched nose-up and as it went up a
light of flame of orange color was seen
at the rear.
Enough angular data was provided from building and landmark place-
ment and sizes that it is possible to estimate the size of the metallic
portion of the UFO at 16 to 20 feet in length, seen at a distance of
150 to 300 feet. Its linear speed was about 4 to 8 miles per hour,
based on the above distances and timings obtained by re-enactment.
It
was visible for 4 minutes. Angular size was 2 3/4" at arms length. •
In an effort to quantlly the colors somewhat, a Nickerson color
fan was used by the witnesses to select the colors most nearly like
those on the UFO. The color selections were made independently in
direct sunlight with the color fan held in front of a white field.
The
colors given were

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1715, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-21-
Metallic surface
Mrs. A.
7.5 PB - 7
Child 1
2.5 PB - 8/5
Child 2
7.5 B
- 3/5
Glow (Ihe color of "grayness" was not uniform)
Mrs. A.
5
PB - 8/5
2.5 PB - 8/5
Child 1
5
PB - 7/7
Child 2
2.5 PB - 6/8
Orange flare on ascent
Child 1
5
YR - 7/11
Child 2
5 YR - 7/11
Second event: Same day, 6:30 p.m., sky is now dark. Location is in
town Of Newton, Illinois, about seven miles north west of first event.
Mrs. B was walking down the steps of a friend's house toward
her car. "As I started down the steps my eyes were drawn by something
in the south eastern sky. I stopped a moment and saw very clearly a
luminous bluish object moving quite rapidly from east to west. It
seemed to be rather low in the sky, but at night it is difficult to
judge distance
either as to how high it was or how far away it was.
It did appear larger than a full moon, but instead of being round it
had a definite oval shape. I would say an elongated oval. There was
no sound that I could detect, and while it appeared to be blue and
purple, there was also a whitish glow in it. Ihe outline of the object
was very distinct. I watched it until it disappeared behind some trees
and a house a little less than a block from me."
Further correspondence and discussion brought forth the following
information: The major axis of the oval was horizontal; its path was
not perfectly horizontal, but somewhat undulatory. Its color was
brightest and whitest at the center, becoming more blue and darker
toward the edges. Mrs. B. estimated the colors as shown below (Since
the interview was conducted in the evening, the color fan was illuminated
by an incandescent 1amp).
' edge 7.5 B - 7/5
-outer 7.5 B - 9/2
- inner, 7.5 B - 8/4
_center 7.5 B - 7/6
•

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2411, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-22-
In itself, this last report, which describes a sighting of 15 to
20 seconds duration, contains insufficient information to come to any
conclusion. However, when put alongside the earlier report there is
the possibility of a relationship -- could these be reports of the
sane thing seen under differing conditions of illumination? We'11
never know positively but the suggestion is quite strong.
As far as Mrs. A's sighting is concerned, we have obtained
enough data from follow-up inquiry and on-site investigation to rule
out known airborne craft, meteorological, and astrononical phenomenon.
Yet the observations are sufficiently detailed to give us adequate
confidence that some sort of machine was present, behaving in a very
extraordinary way.
Some parts of the object are similar to other
reports (the effervescent glow, the orange color on acceleration, the
very black "window" (which sounds like a block-body absorber)). Other
parts are unusual — the UFO's prolate spheroidal shape and the
pattern (although seeing the pattern would require the observer to be
quite close). The oríginal correspondence and data sheets on Mrs. A's
sighting run
to over 40 pages. In correspondence and interviews over a
period of 8 months no substantial inconsistencies could be found. The
geometric data, particularly, are so intricately related that it is
most unlikely that the witness could have fabricated a story so well.
In addition, acquaintances made it clear that Mrs. A. is not prone to
story telling and that "she is too busy to dream up such a tale". Mr.
A, who returned from the fields that evening found the household still
considerably agitated four hours after the event. He said he had no
Idea what It was his wife and children saw, but he obviously treated
the sighting seriously for he went to considerable trouble to comply with
a request to measure the sizes and locations of each building and tree
on the farm.
It is this kind of sighting - the kind which is clearly inexplicable
in contemporary terns, which causes me (and other interested persons) to
take the whole subject so seriously. Hynek suggests that it is just this
kind of sighting that often goes unreported, because the witness --
especially if his education or training are appropriate - knows that
what he saw was unambiguously extraordinary. And machine-like. A
number of such reports were belatedly made after the University of

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 774, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
•
-23-
Colorado study effort got underway. Apparently the witnesses waited
for the respectability the UOC study brought to the subject. It is
hoped that the scientific and intellectual climate will change to the
point where witnesses, particularly those having the best qualifications,
can feel free to report sightings and know that they are being taken
seriously.
Not all reports are visual reports only. An example of a photo-
graphic observation studied in detail is given in reference 20. Here,
a 16mm movie of two objects sighted in the daytime provided the analyst
enough information to conclude that no known phenomena could have caused
the images. This report is, hopefully, the first in a series of
instrumented sightings carefully and adequately studied.
-
-
:

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1896, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-24-
PART 4: UFO'S - PHENOMENONOLOGICAL ASPECTS
Since I have made a first hand study of only a dozen sightings,
the phenomenology described in this section will necessarily be based
on descriptions of reports collected by others, particularly NICAP,
APRO, UFOIRC, and Vallee. There is, unfortunatley, no central file of
reports accessible to the interested scientist, although large numbers
of reports are in the hands of the organizations mentioned above. (The
extensive Air Force files are of very limited use, from what I can tell,
because of the extremely inconsistent quality of investigation.) In an
unfortunate number of cases the report consists of little more than a
narrative.
My experience with the Newton sightings suggests that
quantitative information is available if the investigator takes the
trouble to personally make an on-site study. Irue, it may not be the
quality of an instrumented sighting, but enough quantitative data are
avallable to permit meaningful study of sighting reports.
NICAP 's document "The UFO Evidence" contains a sunmary of patterns
in appearance and behavior as determined from cases they had studied
through 1963. Regarding appearance, the most common type is a disc
shape, followed by spherical, oval/elliptical, cylindrical, and triangular.
The breakdown of NICAP's 575 cases goes as follows
Disc
26%
Round
17
%
Oval/elliptical
13
Cylindrical
8.3%
Iriangular
2%
Other (Radar, light source, 33.7%
149 cases
96 cases
77 cases
48 cases
11 cases
194 cases
not stated)
Obviously, there may be some mis-classification within
the first three groups because of projective effects.
Discs may be coin-shaped of lens shaped (double convex).
The domed disk is plano-convex, (sometimes double convex)
with a smaller radius bulge atop the convex side. The
saturn disk is a sphere or oblate spheroid with a thin
ring projecting from the equatoi. Similar objects are

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1615, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-25-
seen without the equatorial ring also. Another subset
are the hemispheric variety, sometimes with a small
protrusion at the apex and usually seen with the flat
side down. All the above mentioned objects are generically
oblate with the axis of symmetry usually seen oriented
vertically. Another group are prolate, having the major
axis horizontal, usually. Ihis includes the elliptical
(football) variety, the triangular or tear drop variety,
and the cylindrical or cigar shaped species.
Reported colors depend strongly on the luminous environment.
NICAP finds that of the 253 cases of daytime observations where color is
stated, the results are
Silver or metallic
34.8%
88 cases
White
32.0%
81 cases
Specular
13.4%
34 cases
Gray
7.5 %
19 cases
Black
12.3%
31 cases
It should be noted that a few reports exist suggesting that the
brightness of the object first thought by the observer to be reflected
sunlight, was in fact self luminosity, as ascertained by the geometry,
presence of clouds and the like.
In the dark-sky observations, the outline or shape of the UFO is
often not seen. What is seen is a light or series of lights, sometimes
extremely bright. Luminous rays are also reported, going up sometimes
(particularly from domed discs) downward (from hemispheric types
principally, also from discs) and from one UFO to another (spherical
types). The luminous column is usually not divergent. Excluding these
interesting rays, the reported colors of UFOs seen at night are, for
162 cases .
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
Blue
Purple
38.3%
15.4%
17.3%
13.0%
16.0%
62 cases
25 cases
28 cases
21 cases
26 cases
•

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2264, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-26-
Brightness and color changes are also noted, and while the sample
is small (82 cases) NICAP found the following: Of the 25 cases showing
a change in brightness, 23 of the changes occurred at the moment of a
velocity change (a change of either magnitude or direction). Concerning
the change of color, 23 cases showed a color change related to accelera-
tion. While the supporting data are not conclusive, it appears that
the spectral shift is to the red upon acceleration.
It should also be noted that UFOs reported at night have only a
star-like appearance unless very close.
Distant UFO's sometimes turn
off and on. When closer to the observer, reports often indicate a
number of lights, located at the top and around the rim usually. Some-
times the lights flash on and off or change color rhythmically. Several
cases have been reported of the UFO flashing its lights in response to
the witness flashing hand or vehiclar lights. In other cases the lights
winked off with
• the approach of another car or an aircraft, only to turn
on again when the vehicle had passed.
While practically any luminous behavior could be produced by
someone with sufficient time and money, kinematic behavior at odds
with experience or, preferably, at odds with Newtonian behavior are
suggestive of non-terrestrial origin.
A connon kind of motion is called oscillation by NICAP and is
subdivided into "wobble on axis" (frequently described also as fluttering,
flipping, and tipping); pendulum motion on slow ascent, hovering and
decent (also called "falling leaf motion"); and occasionally a side-to-
side oscillation observed as the UFO proceeds horizontally. These
motions are most often performed by discs, although examples of similar
behavior by other forms also exist.
The last class, that of violent and erratic maneuvers, most clearly
lacks an explanation from current physical theory. Using terms like
bobbing, erratic, jerky, zig-zag, dark, and shot away, witnesses
describe motions involving high angular accelerations and velocities.
A number of radar observations appear to substantiate this anomalous
behavior. Among the 40 cases showing such characteristics, NICAP finds
that 28 percent were reported by scientific or other appropriately
• experienced personnel.

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2220, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-27 -
Variation of Sightings with Time
It appears that the UFO phenomenology has been with us from the
earliest times. In the last twenty-five years, however, there seems
to be a drastic increase in the number of sightings. It is practically
impossible to estimate the number of world-wide sightings because of
the lack of suitable data collection means. In the U.S., the principal
depositories are currently the Air Force, NICAP, and APRO. It is
estimated that currently these sources together receive about 2000
reports per year. Since only about one sighting in 10 is reported, the
number of sightings is about 20,000. But of these, 80 to 95% are not
interesting, leaving us with "only" 1000 to 4000 worthwhile sightings
per year for North America.
In addition to the background of reports more or less constantly
flowing in, occasional periods of intense activity are also noted. One
such period was October 1954 over most of France. NICAP lists a number
of these "flaps": Sometimes they are very localized, covering only a
small portion of a state for a period of a few weeks.
APRO concludes, on the basis of the reports available to them, that
the patterns of appearance follow phases - atomic test areas and
installations in the late 1940s and early 50s, rivers, reservoirs
and bodies of water in the late 50s and early 60s and now electrical
distribution systens. Convincing evidence to support this hypothesis
has not been published; however, if the hypothesis were true it would
certainly raise a lot of question.
McDonald and others suggest that reports of the last few years
show more sightings of objects at low altitude (or landed) and more
sightings made from urban areas (in the 40s and 50s sightings were
generally inversely correlated with population densities).
Interactions with the Environment
Interactions of UFOs with the environment produce a kind of
believability that pure visual observations will never do. Some
examples of interaction are cases showing electromagnetic disturbances
in practically every kind of device — radio, IV, auto ignition, aircraft
electronics, compass, magnetoneter, magnetic automobile speedoneter,
etc. NICAP lists 106 examples. NICAP also lists 81 cases of radar

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2293, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-28-
tracking of UFOs, most of which were simultaneous with visual sightings,
and a number of which involved use of interceptors. Among the physiological
effects noted
are burns, temporary paralysis, prickling sensation, and
eyes irritated as by ultraviolet light. A number of witnesses claim
to have observed landings; depressions in the ground and damaged
vegetation usually result.
At a landing site in France,
only weeds grow in a nine foot circular area where a disc was seen to
Land two years ago, despite efforts to replant. (21)
At another landing
site,
French railway officials calculated that a weight of 30 tons would
be required to make the depressions found, in some railroad ties where
a UFO was reported to have landed.
While most UFO's are silent, some have made sounds described as
hissing, rushing, swishing, humming, whirring, whining, droning,
Iike thunder, like shotgun, and a series of staccato explosions. In
the past the absence of sonic booms from supersonic UFO's bothered many
scientists; it appears now that that problem might be overcome by
surrounding the craft by a corona discharge (which incidentally would
be a luminous blue glow around the object). (23)
I will purposely not comment nuch on occupants, except to say that
there are a few (very few) reasonably reliable and carefully investigated
reports of UFO occupants.
For the time being, I would prefer to
concentrate on reports of the objects, however, as the frequency of
reliable occupant reports is so low. I have no bias one way or the
other along these lines.
If UFOs are of extraterrestrial origin,
they may of may not be "manned". If manned, one should expect an
occasional appearance. Readers more interested in this aspect of
UFOs are referred to reference 24.
In summary, we see a wide, almost exasperating range of reported
phenomenology. By careful interviews with witnesses and analysis of
a large number of reports the significant patterns in phenomenonology
should appear. If the UFOs are a new manifestation of nature, they
should exhibit some patterns of appearance or behavior which would aid
in identifying and predicting then. If of extraterrestrial origin and
intelligently guided it may be possible to anticipate appearances.
This will be discussed in the next and final essay.
•

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1901, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-29-
•
:
PART 5: UROS -- HOW IO PROCEED AND WAY
We are so far from knowing all the forces of
Nature and the various modes of their action that
it is not worthy of a philosopher to deny phenomena
only because they are inexplicable in the present
state of our knowledge.
The harder it is to
acknowledge the existence of phenomena, the nor‹
we are bound to investigate them with increasing
care,
LapLace
Laplace's remarks are certainly as true and significant for us
today as for his contemporaries. In the preceeding essays I have
suggested that there exists a class of phenomena rather widely occuring
today (and perhaps since earliest times) that is elusive, puzzling
and often at variance with known scientific and technical experience.
What are we going to do about it? What should we, what can we do
about it?
J. F. MacDonald suggests that the UFO phenomena lie somewhere in
the following categories of explanation:
I. Hoaxes, fabrications, and frauds. Report files contain
examples of these; investigators believe about 5 percent of all reports
made are in this category. Detailed study, however, usually uncovers
such reports.
2. Hallucinations, mass hysteria, and rumor phenomena. Present
understanding of psychology does not admit many of the significant
Ieports to be explained in this way.
3. Misinterpretations of well known physical phenomena (meteorolo-
gical, astronomical, optical, etc.). By far the largest percentage of
Ieports fall in this category. Study by an experienced investigator
can usually identify these.
4. Poorly understood physical phenomena (rare electrical oI
meteorological effects, plasmas). Certainly a distinct possibility
In a number of cases, it is a category worthy of careful study. Some
of the nost interesting cases, however have sufficient observational
detail to eliminate this possibility (I am referring to reports of
unambiguously machine-Like objects).

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 2114, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-30-
5.
Advanced technologies (test vehicles, satellites, reentry
effects). Again, some reports can be attributed to this cause, but
most cannot.
6. Poorly understood psychic phenomena (psychic projections,
archetypal images, parapsychological phenomena, etc). It is difficult
to comment on this possibility because of the current lack of knowledge
of parapsychology. While a (small) number of UFO reports do exhibit
aspects of parapsychological phenomenology (25), general relationships
have yet to be convincingly demonstrated. Reference 6 deals with this
explanation.
1. Extraterrestrial probes. A possibility conmonly held by the
public and conmonly rejected by scientists. Prof. MeDonald believes a
number of sightings are best explained by this hypothesis.
8. Messengers of salvation and occult truth. This explanation is
listed because of the nature of certain reports (particularly "contact"
reports -- reports Involving communication of UFO occupants and the
witnesses) and because of the historical aspects of the phenomenology.
See reference 5 for elaboration.
Perhaps, to play it safe, an additional category should be listed:
9. other
Clearly, the explanation of UFOs will interest someone. Psychologists
have an interest in 1, 2, 3 and 6; theologians in category 8, scientists
in 4 and 1. Therefore, whatever the explanation, it is a problem of
at least average interest. If, by chance, the explanation is 7, or
even 8 (and possibly 6) the value to society would be profound and
significant. In this sense, an identification of the phenomenon would
be a task of highest potential urgency.
'How might it be done?
Because of the transient nature of UFO's we cannot expect to have
the interested scientist rush to the spot to make his own observations.
Reports so far accumulated, however, show that UFO's sometimes appear
frequently in certain areas for a short period of time (a so-called
"flap""). One characteristic of the flap is a larger percentage of
sightings of objects at low levels than one normally obtains. If the
reporting and analysis systém were responsive enough, men and instruments
•

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2228, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
•
•
-31-
could be dispatched when a flap was recognized with a reasonable hope
of making first hand observations. I would therefore suggest the
following:
I. Organization of a central report receiving agency, staffed by
a permanent group of experienced UFO investigators and having on
call specialists in astronony, physics, optics, atmospheric physics,
psychology and the like for application when needed.
2. This agency should be readily and instantly accessible to
the public for the purpose of reporting. (Witnesses should be able to
turn to someone other than the press to make reports.) Report forms
could be made available in Post Offices, for example. More urgent
reports could be made by toll-free telephone lines. (Radio amateurs
have recently begun cooperating with NICAP to provide an alerting
system.) Because many sightings are made at night when most services
are closed, the local police office should be prepared to receive reports
of sightings. Experience indicates that witnesses usually turn first
to the police, particularly if the UFO was close or if the witness was
frightened. Such a local "data center" would be very useful for
identifying flaps and could possibly serve to dispatch personnel to an
area of interest. Care must be taken to properly inform the officers
involved about the aims of the project and requests for assistance
should be made in
such a way as to
minimize additional police work.
An awareness of the problem by a dispatcher or desk sergeant might be
sufficient to draw attention to a developing situation. An Interested
Iocal scientist could then be notified, perhaps in time to make an
observation. Hynek also suggests that the police carry cameras in
their cars should they become involved as observers.
This advice
obviously applies to all interested persons.
3. A loose organization of interested scientists should be
available to investigate reports in their local areas. A good start
toward this has been made by NICAP. It is important that investigations
be made rapidly and by properly qualified people.
4. The press should be encouraged to report sightings accurately
and in a non-sensational manner.
Suitable reporting would encourage
other witnesses to come forth.
•

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1518, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-32-
5. Existing sensor records could be examined for anomalies,
particularly if visual reports are made nearby. Since we don't know
what to expect, it is difficult to say what is needed; however Iecords
of electric, magnetic and gravitational fields, radioactivity, optical
and radio frequency anomalies would be a logical place to start. Radars
could also contribute, If they are designed for general purpose use.
As it is, most current radar detection and tracking devices are designed
to ignore anomalous objects.
After a few years' operation in this mode, it should be possible
to study the resulting
report statistics to draw generalities about
appearance and behavior (such as was done in Part IV) and most
importantly to anticipate times and locations of appearances. Only
when this is done will it be possible to instrument sightings and
therefore obtain the objective data so badly needed. If the explanation
is l4, some environmental correlations are bound to occur. For #7
it is possible that appearances could be anticipated, if we are ciever
enough: for 116 and 118 we will likely not be able to anticipate appearances.
Certainly the conclusions drawn by NICAP from reports in their
file are startling and, if valid worthy of considerable scientific
effort. It would be much more convincing if data could be collected
worldwide and if the most interesting reports could be intensively
and completely investigated. I believe current reports justify the
expanded data collection and analysis effort.
•
•

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 933, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
•
•
-33-
•
A REPORT FORM
In order to acquaint the reader with the kind of information
solicited on report forms, a copy of the form developed by the
University of Colorado study group for its work is reproduced. It
is considerably better than most other forms, and it is understood
that considerable effort was expended in the psychological aspects
of the form.
It is my opinion that little will be learned from study of
sightings reported on such forms. They should serve as initial sources
of information on which to decide whether field work is desirable.
It is the field interview by the interested scientist that will
determine the witnesses capability of observation and will permit
the scientist to extract the maximum amount of information from the
observer. It is regretable that the scientists laboratory is so
large, but only by such first hand study will we be able to get
enough information to anticipate appearances.

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 386, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-34-
PLEASE PRINT CLEARLY
Location of Sighting:
Name of Observes:
_Date of Sighting:
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS PROJECT
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
202 Woodbury Hall
Boulder, Colorado 80302
Arez Code 303, 443-2211, Ext. 6762
UFO SIGHTING FEPORT
I. PERSONAL ACCOUNT
In your own words, Please describe the incident as it happened. (If additional pages are needed,
be sure they are numbered.)

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1543, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-35-
•
ote to observes: In filling out this form, please be as complete and accurate as possible. Some of the informatic
sked for may not apply to your sighting or may be unavailable to you. In such cases, please indicat
II. ENVIRONMENTAL SITUATION
What was your exact locadion when you observed the UFO (s)? (Include the name of the city or town you were lo,
or the distance to the nearest city or tomm.)
What was the date?
How long did you observe the objects)? Hours:
_Seconds:
A.M.
_ZONE (When FIRST seen)
_A.M.
_.. P.M.
_ZONE (When LAST scen)
4. Assuming you had stayed in one place, what is the longest time you COULD HAVE OBSERVED the UFO (3)?
Hours:_
_Minutes_
Seconds:
5. Hoir did you flost bappen to notice the object (s)?
6. What had you just been doing?
т. А.
In what direction did you FIRST see the Object(s)? (Indicate this in the diagram by drawing an arow
from the center of the circle (observes', position) to the point on edge representing the object's position.
Label this point No. I.
B.
In whas direction did you LAST see the objects)? (indicate by drawing a second arrow labeled No. 2,)
North
NE
West
East
SW
/SE
South
8. Estimate the MINIMUM distance and aleisude of the objects) from you and how you determined this teasurement.
a, distance:
b. attitude:
stimate the elevation (In degrees) of the object(s) in the sky. Mark posttion on the dotted line in the diagran
elevation of objecr changed, please mark BOTH highest position and lowest positio
(point directly overhead)
X 450
1
(observer) →
< (polos on hortzon)
•

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1419, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-36-
10. Did you observe the objects through any of the following? (Circie) Include Information on type of equipment:
modei, type of film, filters, etc. (see question number 45.)
sunglasses
c.
windshield
windowpane
e.
movie camera
binoculars
8.
h.
telescope
sheodolite
still camera
other
_ I so, where was the radar located? (Glve Dare of of radar operator
Mease describe weather condicions and type of sky; l,e. bright dayligh, nightrime, dusk, etc. Were stars or moon
visible?
13. Was there any wind?
If so, please give direction and speed as accurately as you can.
14. What was the position of the sun and/or the moon in relation to objects) and to you? (Please explain.)
15. Briefly describe the type of terrain in the area.
16. Did you see any conventional aircraft in the area immediately before, during, or after the incident?
27. Place les try span, malay several ol, or reach ne lone in the aret, are tie dry obe,
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT (5)
19. Were you able to sce the object (s) clearly? Please describe ary limiting factors.
20. pid yon see more than one object.
If so, how many?
Make a sketch showing formation and
21.
Did the objects all appear to be similar to one another?
_If nos, describe the differences in question 23.
22. Please give a detalled description of the objects), including shape, color, uglis, surface features (If any), etc.
Skerch the object(s) In detall according to your description.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1745, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
:
-37-
1 .
23. If only lights were seen, did they seem to maintain fixed positions relasive to one anothes? In order wards, could
they have been attached to a solid object? Please explato.
24. Did objects) Jeave any physical evidence of its presence (I,e, burns, radioactivity, disturbed ground, wreckage,
other)? Please describe.
Wese any samples taken?
• Yes
By Whom?
Was any analysts done?
• Yes
• NO
Where to?
• No
By Whom?
Please summarize resulos 1f known. If report is avallable, please attach copy.
25. Did objects) make any sound?
If so, what kind?
26. Did object (3) produce heat?
If so, please explain.
27. Did objeci(s) produce an odor?
_If so, please describe it.
28. Did objeci(s) appear to be solid or gaseous?
29. Was object(s); (circle one) a. fuzzy or blured?
b. like a bright star?
c. sharply outlined
30. How would you describe the brightness of the oblects)? (Circle one)
brighter than the sun?
6. Brighter than the moon?
brighter than any star (or planet)?
i. brighter than thy background?
same brightness as the background?
g.
darker than the background?
other (explain)?
31. Was the objects): (circle one)
a. self-luminous?
b. dull finish?
c.
reflecting?
d. transparent?
32. (Circle the items which apply and DESCRIBE as clearly as you can.)
Did the object (3):
3.
appear to rotate (as a whole or in part)?
Leave any visible trail?
b.
change shape?
drop anything?
• .
c.
change color?
separare into parts or explode?
do change brightness?
e. give off smoke of vapor?
1.
j.
disappear and reappear?
appear to affect any animals?
33. Dad to be se) apes, afte, a chechanical or electica do please. auton bite. (le tudigits,
radio, T.V., appliances, clocks, watches, etc.)?
model, tansmission type if automnbile, etc.)
..
-

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1507, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
" -38-
34. Can you describe the intertor of the objec (e) in any way?
35. Do you have any reason to belleve the object (5) was occupied? If so, please explain.
36. What was the APPARENT size of the object (8) compared with the following famillar objeces?
(Note: Ibe moon is the same size as a pencil erases (1/4") beld at arms lengt) Please check the appropriate boxes.
THE OBECT WAS
THAN
smaller
same size
larger
famillar objects
than a. falo: star
than b. bright star
than c.
object half as large as the moon
than d.
the moon
than e.
dime at arm's length
tan f.
nickel at arm's length
than g.
quarter at arm's length
shan 1.
half-dollar at arm's length
than 1.
an orange at arm's Length
than J.
other object at arm's length: PLEASE SPECIFY (
37.
What would you estmate the ACTUAL size of tire object(s) to be (measured in feet along its greatest dimension)?
III. MOVEMENT OF OBJECT (S)
38. In what direcdon was the object (s) traveling? _
39. Describe the movement of the object (s), Including the paths) and nature of motion (1,c. steady, wobbling, waving.
jerky, exc.). Did li (they) move signiflcactly with respect to background of stars or landscape? Sketch path (s) showing
•
40. Dld object pass in front of or bellnd any fixed physical objects such as trees, clouds, mountains, bulldings, etc.
Describe any notable relazionships to such objects if observed.
4%. Can you estimate the speed of the object.
How was this deresmined?
42. Did the object (3) disappear while you were watching?
If so, kom?

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1280, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-39-
43. Please give names and addresses of other witnesses, If any. Indicate relationship of witnesses to you, If It exists,
and whether their sighrings occurred before, during or afres yours.
44. Have you seen other objeces of an unidentified nature?_
_Ií so, use separate forms or attached pages to
describe these sightings.
15. Please enclose photograpts, moron pictures, news clppings, notes of radio or televiston programs (include time
station and dare, If possible) regarding this or similas observarions or any other background material, IF PHOTO.
GRAPHS OR MOTION PICTURES ARE ENCLOSED, BE SURE TO INCLUDE ALL INFORMATION ON CAMERA TYPE,
FILM TYPE, FILTERS, CAMERA SETTINGS, WHERE DEVELOPED, ETC, ORICINAL NEGATIVES ARE NECESSARY
FOR PHOTOGRAPEIC ANALYSIS. If you wish to have items returned to you, please indicate.
46. Have any oshes groups os individuals intervlewed you? If so, please give names and daze of intervlew.
Please give the following information about yourself:
FULL NAME:
ADDRESSES
AGE:
_ TELEPHONE - HOME
BUSINESS:
_ SEX_
PLACE OF EMPLOYMENT:
OCCUPATION:
EDUCATION:
MILITARY SERVICE:
SPECIAL TRAINING OR EXPERIENCE:
-
You may use my name in connection with this repors:
Prefer my name kept confidential:
Date of filling our of this ropors:
Signature: _

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1509, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. Christian Science Monitor, May 23, 1967
2. Anatony of a Phenonenon, J. Vallee, Ace Books, Inc H-17
3. The Sky People, B. LePoer Trench, London, Neville Spearman, 1960.
The wok 19f Fatim, C. C. Martindale, s. J.,
P. J. Kenedy & Sons
Flying Saucers Through the Ages, Paul Ihomas, Neville Spearman,
London, 1966.
Flying Saucers - A Modern Myth, C. G. Jung, Harcourt, Brace & World
New York, 1959
Sputnik, January 1967 issue, p. 174
Report on the UFO Wave of 1947, Ted Bloecher, 1967; Available from
NICAP, 1536 Connecticut Avenue, N, Washington DC 20036
Bloecher, pp. I-9, 10, 12
10. The Ce 6-5 on Unidentified Flying Objecte, B. J. Ruppet, Ace Books,
11. UFO's: Greatest Scientific Problem of Our Times? J. E. McDonald
UFORI, Suite 311, 508 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, Pa., 15219
12. The UFO Evidence, NICAP, 6536 Connecticut Avenue, Nw., Washington
D.C., 20036, 1964
Flying Saucers: Hoax or Reality? I. Jerome Stanton, Belmont Books
14. "The Physics and Metaphysics of Unidentified Flying Objects",
William Markowitz, Science, 15 Sept. 1967
15. Intelligent Life in the Universe, J. S. Shklovskil and Carl Sagan,
Holden-Day, Inc. 1966 (San Francisco)
Habitable Planets for Man, s. H. Dole, Blaisdell Publishing Co.,
New York, 1964
Interstellar Connunication, Edited by A. G. W. Cameron, Benjamin,
New York, 1963
18. Science, 21 October 1966, letter by J. A. Hynek, p. 329
19. The Reference for Outstanding UFO Sigiting Reports, I. M. Olsen,
UFO Information Retrieval Center, Inc., Box 57, Riderwood, Md. 21139

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 734, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
:
-4I-
20. Observations of an Anonalistic Phenomenon, R. M. I. Baker, Journal
of the Astronautical Sciences, January/February, 1968
21. Elying Saucer Review, 14, 1, January/February, 1968, cover and pp. 6-12.
22. Vallee, p. 109
23. Aviation Week and Space IechnologY, 22 January, 1968, P. 21
24. The Humanoids, special issue of Flying Saucer Review, 49ą Kings
Grove, Peckham, London, S.E. 15, England (1967)
25. An interesting example appears in the July, 1968 issue of Science &
Mechanics, starting on page 30
26. A highly recommended collectión of recent views on this subject
are contained in the Symposium on Unidentified Flying Objects,
Hearings Before the House
, Committee on Science and Astronautics,
July 29, 1968.
:
*.=
•

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 794, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RAND
Margaret E. Schumacher
Director
Publications Department
June 21, 2000
Kelly D. Akers
FOIA Program Manager
Defense Information Systems Agency
Defense Technical Information Center
8725 John J. Kingman Road, Suite 0944
Ft Belvoir, VA 22060-6218
-
Dear Ms. Akers:
Pursuant to your letter regarding Document Number AD B223765, UFOs: What to Do?, the
report is available to the public from RAND and should not be considered restricted. I have
enclosed the document per you request.
If you have any further questions, please call me at 310-393-0411 Ext. 6505.
Sincerely,
i argaret schumached
Margaret E. Schumacher
Director, Publications
RAND
MS:tg
Encl.
1700 Main Street, PO Bax 2138
Santa Monica, CA 90407-2138
TEL: 310.393.0411 Ext. 7712
FAX: 310.451.6996
email: Margorel_Schumacher(arand.org
