{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:50:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 847212, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124132-letter-to-steven-greer-from-john-lear-december-13-1987.pdf", "source_sha256": "491c9fec78e42227ff4a34ba3575b1c4b100caa41f37b4ae255ea61f12d86a3b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2245, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEW ADDRESS
December 13, 1987
Dear Steven,
It was nice talking to you last night. I have enclosed the Dulce
papers for your information. Also enclosed is a transcript of the
McCampbell conversation with Paul Bennewitz and project Beta.
Also the Gary Stollman statement. What follows is my current
hypothesis formed after my 2 week trip through Colorado, New
Mexico and Arizona talking to various individuals, some Air Force
some Sandia and some others.
MJ-12 representing the U.S. Government made a deal with the EBE's
(extraterrestrial biological entities) or 'Grays' around the period of
1969-1970-1971. The 'deal' was in exchange for technology that
they would provide to us we would ignore the abductions that were
going on. The EBE's assured us that these abductions were merely
ongoing monitering of developing civilizations: (In fact these
abductions have been for at least 3 purposes: (1) insertion of a
tiny probe about 3 millimeters in size into the brain and used for
monitering and programing purposes, and (2) post hypnotic suggestion
concerning an important event that will occur in the next 2 to 5
years and giving the subject someplce to go and something to perform
at that time; under our best hynotic techniques we are unable to find
out when or where or what this event is, and (3) genetic crossbreeding
between the EBE's and humans. In many of the abductee hypnotic
regressions of women with unusual terminated pregnancies they have
been shown these 'crossbreeds' usually frail tiny beings with compar-
ativly large heads, very thin skin, very thin arms and legs.) Since
we weren't aware of these facts we went along with the agreement
but insisted on a list of the abductees to be submitted periodically
to the national security council and MI-12.
The EBE's have a genetic disorder in that their digestive system is
atrophied and not functional. Some speculate that they were in-
volved in some type of nuclear war or possibly on the back side of
a genetic curve. In order to sustain themselves they use an enzyme
or hormonal secretion obtained from the tonques and throats of cows
or humans. (Note: cows and humans are genetically similar. In event
of a national disaster cow blood can be used by humans.) This secretion
:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2600, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is mixed with H,Oz (hydrogen peroxide) and another substance and
is either spread on the skin, or the hands are dipped in the solution.
The body then absorbs the mixture and excretes the waste back
through the skin.
The cattle mutilations that were prevalent throughout the period from
1973 to 1983 period and publically noted through newspaper and
magazine stories and included a documentary produced by Linda
Howe for the Denver CBS affiliate were for collection of these
secretions and other items. Ihe mutilations included genitals taken,
rectums cored out to the colon, eyes missing and the tongue and
throat cut out with extreme surgical precision. The incisions were
made cutting between the cells, actually separting molecular structure.
This is why there is no blood around the cuts. In many of the mut-
¡lations there was no blood found at all, yet there was no vascular
collapse. This has also been true in the human mutilations, one of
the first ones of which was Sgt. Jonathon P. Louette at the White
Sands Missle Test Range in 1956 who was found three days after an
Air Force Major had witnessed the abduction of Sgt. Louette by a
'disk shaped' object about 0200 on morning. His genitals had been
removed, rectum cored out in a surgically precise 'plug' up to the
colon, eyes removed and no blood remaining with no vascular collapse.
From some of the evidence it is apparent that this surgery is accom-
plished in most cases while the victim, animal or human is still alive.
The various parts are taken to various underground laboratories one
of which is known to be 2 1/2 miles northwest of the small New Mexico
town of Duice, 1 kilometer deep inside the Archuletta Mesa. This
jointly occupied (CIA-Alien) facility has been described as Enormous,
with huge tiled halksthat 'go on forever'. Several ink drawing of photos
taken inside the facility were recently released as the 'Dulce Papers'.
The photos show largt vats with pale meat being agitated in solution.
An abductee in regression recalled 'large tests tubes with humans in
them. I saw a baby in another.'
After the initial agreement between Mj-12 and the aliens, Groom Lake
one of this nations most secret test centers in Nevada was closed for
a period of about 2 years (1972-1973 and a huge underground facility
was constructed for and with the help of the EBE's. The bargained for
technology was set in place but could only be operated by the EBE's
themselves. Needless to say, the advanced technology could not be
used against the EBE's in case of need.
During the perlod of 1979 through 1983 it became increasingly obvious

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2509, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to MJ-12 that things were not going as planned. It became known
• that many more people (in the thousands) were being abducted than
were listed on the official abduction list being supplied tó the
National Security Council and MJ-12 and that the abductions included
much more than the 'simple monitering of an advancing civilization'.
In addition it became obvious that some, not all, but some of the
nations missing children had been used for secretions and other
parts required by the aliens.
In 1979 there was an altercation of sorts at the Archuletta laboratory.
Delta force was called in to try and free a number of our people
trapped in the facility who had become aware of what was really
going on. 66 of the soldiers were killed in the effort and our people
were not freed.
•By 1984 Mj-12 must have been 'in stark terror of the mistake they had
made in dealing with the EBE's .. They had subtly promoted "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind" and "E.I." to get the public used to
'odd looking' aliens that were compassionate, benevolent and very?
• They 'sold' the EBE's to the public and
.were now faced with the fact that quite the opposite was true In.
addition, a plan started in 1968-1969 to make the public aware of
the existence of aliens on earth over the next 20 years to be culmin-
ated with several documentaries to be released during the 1985-1987
period of time: These documentaries would explain the history and
• intențions of the EBE's. The discovery of the
"Grand Deception"S
• put the entire plans, hopes, wishes and dreams of MJ-12 into complete
confusion and panic.
« ..
Meeting at the 'Country Club', a remote lodge with private golf.*
course and lavish sleeping and working quarters built by and ex-
"clusively for the members of MJ-12, It was a factional fight of s
What to do now:"
Part of MJ-12 wanted to confess the whole scheme
and shambles it had become to the public, beg their forgiveness and
. ask for their support.
'The other half of MJ-12 argued there was
way they could do that" that the
"situation was untenable and there
was no use in exciting the public with the 'horrible truth' and that the
best plan was to continue thé development of a weapon that could be w
used against the EBE's under the guise of "SD!" the Strategic Defense
Initiative which had nothing whatever to do with a defense from
Russian nulear missles.
As these words are being written, Dr. Teller,...
father of the H-bomb,
Is in the test tunnels of the Nevada Test Site, driving his workers
se..

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2572, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and associates in the words of one, "Like a man possessed." And
well he should for Dr. Teller was a member of MJ-12 along with Dr.
Kissinger, Bobby Inman and possibly Admiral Poindexter to name a
few of the current MJ-12.
Before the 'Grand Deception' was discovered and according to the
meticulous plan of metered release of information to the public
several documentaries and video tapes were made. William Moore
a Burbank, California based UFO researcher came into possession
of a video tape through his contacts with MJ-12 who had taken great
interest in Mr. Moores book "The Roswell Incident" published in
1980. The book detal led the crash, recovery and subsequent cover-
up of a UFO with 4 alien bodies. They decided to use Moore as one
of several conduits to help in the gradual release of the existence
of aliens to the public. Ihe video Mr. Moore had was an interview
by 2 well known newsman of a military officer associated with MJ-12.
In the interview the military officer answers questions relating to
the history of MJ-12 and the coverup, the recovery of a number of
flying saucers, the existence of a live alien (one of three living
aliens recovered designated or named EBE-1, EBE-2 and EBE-3) be-
ing held in a facility designated as YY-II at Los Alamos, New Mexico.
The only other facility of this type is at Edwards Air Force Base in
Mojave, California. The officer names names as previously mentioned
plus a few others: Harold Brown, Richard Helms, Gen Vernon Walters
and Von Karmon. The officer also relates the fact that the EBE's claim
to have created Christ. The EBE's have some kind of recording device
that has recorded all the earths' history and can display it in the form
of a hologram. This hologram can be filmed but because of the way
holograms work does not come out clearly. The crucifixion of Christ
on the Mount of Olives has allegedly been put on film to show to the
public. The EBE's claim to have created Christ in view of the "Grand
Deception" could be an effort to disrupt traditional values for undeter-
mined reasons .
Another video tape alleged to be in existence is an interview with an
EBE. Since EBE's communicate telepathically an Air Force Colonel
serves as an interpreter. Just before the recent stock market crash,
several newsmen including Bill Moore had allegedly been invited to
Los Alamos to personally film and distribute to the public a similar
type interview. Apparently, because of the market crash, it was felt
that the timing was not propitious.
Moore is also in possession of more Aquarius documents the first
-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
few pages of which leaked out several years ago and detailed
the supersecret NSA project which had been denied by them until
just recently. The Aquarius project was the communication with
aliens, specifically the EBE's. Within the Aquarius project was
Project Snowbird, a project to test fly a recovered alien aircraft
at Groom Lake, Nevada.
Moore feels that MJ-12 has been stringing him along, promising to
go public with some of the information on the extra-terrestrials for
too long a time. He has made the decision that if MJ-12 does not
come forward with the information and release it publically by the
end of 1987 then he, Moore, will go with 'what he's got', I.e. the
video tapes, remainder of Aquarius documents and additional material.
Certain of Moores statements lead one to believe that Moore himself
is a government agent working for MJ-12, not being strung along,
but stringing along ever hopeful ufologists that the truth is just
around the corner. Consider:
1. Moore states emphatically that he is not a government
agent, although when Lee Graham (a southern Callfornia
based ufologist) was investigated by the DIS for docu-
ments in his possession received from Moore, Moore
himself was not.
2. Moore states emphatically that the cattle mutilations
were a hoax by Linda Howe to create publicity for her-
self. He cites the unobtainable book 'Mute Evidence'
as the bottom line on the hoax.
3. Moore states that the U.S.A.F. Academy physics book
"Introductory Space Science" Volume II Chapter 13 titled
Unidentified Flying Objects and describes four of the most
commonly seen aliens (one of which is the EBE) was written
talking about and were merely it ing craw pots there ete
• He states
the book was withdrawn to excise the chapter.
If the government felt they were being forced to acknowledge the exist-
ence of aliens on earth because of overwhelming mounting evidence
and taking into consideration the 'Grand Deception' and obvious hostile
intentions of the EBE's it might be expediant for MJ-12 to admit to the
EBE's but conceal the information of the mutilations and abductions.
If MJ-12 and Moore were in some kind of agreement then it would be

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2324, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=i '
beneficial to Moore to toe the party line. For example '... here are
some more genuine documents but remember. ...dont discuss the
mutilations or abductions'. If Moore was indeed working as an
agent for MJ-12 he would follow the party line anyway... pooh
poohing the mutilations and abductions. If working alone, Moore
might not even be aware of the 'Grand Deceptión'.
Time will tell. It is possible that Moore will go ahead and release
the video interview with the military officer around the first of the
new year. From MJ-12's point of view the public would be exposed
to the information without really having to believe it because Moore
is essentially not as credible source as, say, the President of the
United States. After a few months of digestion and discussion a
more credible source could emerge with a statement that yes, in fact,
the interview was essentially fact. This scenario would cushion
somewhat the blow to the public.
If; however, Moore does not release the tape by, say, February 1,
but comes instead with a story similar to: "MJ-12 has informed me they
are definately planning a total release of all information by October
1988. I have seen the plan and have seen the guarantees that this
will happen. So I have decided to withold the issuance of my video
tape at this time as It may cause some problems." This would, in
effect buy more time for MJ-I2, and time is what they desparately
need.
The rest of us have to wonder what the big picture is anyway? Are
the EBE's having done a hundred thousand or more abductions and
built an untold number of underground bases (Groom Lake, Sunspot,
Datil, Pietown, Northern Nevada, Roswell, just to name a few alien
underground bases) getting ready to go back where they came from?
Or from the obvious preparations are we to assume they are getting
ready for some big move? Or, the most sinister and most probable
situation is, the invasion is essentially complete and everything
is over but the screaming.
A well planned invasion of earth for its resources and benefits
would not start with mass landings and a lot of rayguns. A properly
planned and executed invasion by a civilization thousands and
probably hundreds of thousands of years in advance of us would
be complete before only a handful of people, 12 for instance, even
knew. No muss, no fuss.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1591, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
L.
Here is a list of some of the probable visitors to earth from outer
space. The only known home of these visitors is that of the EBE's
and which is Zeta Reticuli 1 & 2 a binary star system visible from
the southern hemispere approximately 38 lights years away with a
spectral class of G2, identical to our sun.
3 types of EBE's (Grays) :
Gray-1 3 1/2 It tall. Large head. Large slanted eyes.
Worship technology. Don't give a damn about
mankind.
Gray-2 Same type different finger arrangement slightly
different face. More sophisticated than Gray-]
use common sense, passive. May not need
secretions.
Gray-3 Same basic type. Lips thinner. More subserviant to
other 2 grays.
Blondes, Swedes, Nordics:
Known by any of these monkers. Similar to humans. Blond
hair, blue eyes. Will not break universal law of 'non-inter-
ference to help us. They could only intervene if any Gray
activity would have adverse effect in another part of universe.
Interdimensional:
Entity that can assume various shapes. Peaceful nature.
Hairy Dwarfs:
4 ft. tall. 35 Ibs. Extremely strong. Hairy. Neutral. Don't
try to hurt intelligent life.
Very Tall Race:
Look like humans but 7 or 8 ft, tall. Unite with Blondes.
Humans appearing
similar to Blondes
seen with grays:
Drones created by Grays. Child like mentality.
MIB's:
Men in black. Wear all black. Sunglasses. Very pale skin.
Do not conform to normally accepted patterns. Extremely
sensitive to light. May be a holographic image.
Thats about all I have for now except to tell you that Moore has
shown the video tape to 5 well known persons to judge reaction.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1023, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One of those persons was Paul Harvey, well known news commentator
and personal friend. Paul says he has seen the evidence but rejects
the content. I talked with him briefly over the telephone the other
day to tell him that the video was essentially true but there was some
very important information that he should be aware of known as the
Grand Deception. I told him that, : one thing the story that the EBE's
invented Christ was probably not true. He said he didn't believe that
part anyway. I told him it was important that he know 'the rest of the
story' and that I would be in Chicago in a few weeks to brief him. He
said that I was certainly welcome.
A word about channeling and channelors. Pure, unadulterated crap.
The Grays have created this "Space Brother" nonsense to appeal to
a certain segment of the population who might otherwise dig for real
Information.
Steve, I want to wish you and your family a Merry Christmas and
Happy New Year and hope this letter finds everybody in good health.
Bout Regards,
V
•
:
