{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T06:39:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5089639, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124134-lee-graham-letter-collection.pdf", "source_sha256": "9dba8edf1d7dee915e57229c931a6273888cf1bfdda498f44a61b9e16e149556"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2739, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22 August 1985
INFORMATION
Panspemep/Sacunity
Aero jet Electrosystems Company
CONFIDENTIAL
NOTE- DIS agentsecees trkrhad e
nac.atitho
94 886 cetytev
with. mer Aero eusTn
Azusa, CA.
zms.
5/10/86
(
Dear
Sfr. I am writing to you because of document A, enclosed.
Plea se permit me to introduce myself and explain-
My name is Lee M. Graham. I am an Electronic Systems Research Technician, employed at
the Space Survefllance Division, of a major Aerospace Corporation. I am also a mil-
fta ry jet aircraft buff.
As a member of the Aerospace Community and jet afrcraft buff, I constantly hear rumors
a bout Aerospace developments, One such rumor fs as follows-
There is a rumor, currently circulating within the Aero space Community, that the United
States Sov ernment (See B, arrow) now wishes the American Public, to know(vía the Air
Force) the truth of the extraterrestríal origin of the UFO phenomena.
(- To support this rumor, I mes provided a copy of documents A, and C. Please'note C, page
4, arrow, underlined.
This statement clearly contradicts that found in the Air Force-
"Fact Sheet" on UFO's. See D, arrow, underlined, Document C, has been kept secret from
the American Public for the past 37 years!
Document C, has been testified to as genufne by Ms. Anne W. Turner, !)SAF Freedom of
Information Manager, See E, arrow.
This leaves yet the authenticatfon of document A, given to me(for authenticating) by
the same source(ostensibly acting on behalf of the Afr Force) as document C.
I am led to belfeve that document A, is authentic, because of the following-
My source( the Air Force "leak"?) KNOWS that I have a current security clearance and
as such, share this materíal (document A) with my security office(I do not wish to
get into trouble!). If bogus, my security office is going to investigate my source,
or ask me to desist, in my attempts to verffy or REFUTE the document.
QUESTION- If bogus, why would the source expose itself to the possibility of being
proven bogus, by providing bogus materíal, to an indfvidual, ft knows fs going to
check?
According to document A, arrows, there exists a recovered Alien aircraft(note afr-
craft, not spacecraft), undergoing flight test in Nevada(s1c, Nevede).
Aerospece Industry rumor suggests that this afrcraft is nuclear powered, is sim-
'ar to the vehicle depicted on page 9, arrow, of document C, and is being flow
rrom a new afr base at Sold Mountain, on the Tonopah Test Range(TTR- See fl, arrows
underlined), near Tonopah, Mevada.
Indeed, ff one ventures out to the Tonopeh Test Range(See F), one will find a new
air tase there. See 6. The local people(in Tonopeh) told me that this (See 6) wes an
Afr force, afr hasa hit tha mithonitiee it Mollle Ain farca Dace daniad that 14

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1696, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N
(
1. =
QUESTION- Hhy(mould an Air Force "Teak") create a bogus document and "leak" It to
one it KNOWS is going to alert other nosey jet aircraft bufts, to poke around a
super-secret (?- See G1, arrows, underlined) facility, it does not. want the public to
know about, unless the rumor is true, and it wishes it known?
Sir, as to the existence of the USAF/Lockheed F-19 stealth fighter (See H, arrow,
underlined), which the Air Force(as yet) denies any knowledge of (See I), may I be
permitted the following observations-
Thes, ereo they have pictures and noted)e of tag a Records n tet ra d
FROM OPEN RANGE LAND (See K)!
While the United States Air Force bemoans the fact that Congress will not vote the
Senator Barry Goldwater was able to declare to the American Public ( See M), that the
Stealth Bomber(ATB) exists. I would thus presume that the existence of the USAF/
Lockheed F-19 stealth fighter can be acknowledged.
I respectfully ask of you-
1. Does the USAF/Lockheed F-19 stealth fighter exist?
2. If it does not what is the specific "Official" designation of the aircraft
housed in the hangars (See G, arrow), and to whom would one make a request for a
picture of one of these aircraft?
3. Is document K, authentic? If you can not authenticate this document, to what
SPECIFIC agency should I make a request for authentication or REFUTATION of this
document?
You will note Sir, that I HAVE NOT made a request for any aircraft performance
to our ter tonat Security: 1 have only ought verif to on or for ton or thent 1
PUBLISHED information i have acquired?
format ers esters this netter is written to you
1, per your request, and follows the
Thankyou for your time, Sir.
Most Sincerly
•

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 744, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
FOIA REQUEST
CERTIFIED MAIL RECEIPT P 490 735 915
•
4 February 1986
Department of Defense
Dear Sir:
I an aware that I was/am under investigation by your agency.
This 1s a formal Freedom Of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552)
request for any and all data on me and my activities, both real
and imagined, that have been collected by your agency.
To assist you in your search, my particulars are:
A
A
Sincerely,
State of California
County of Los Angeles
8S
On the 4th day of February, 1986, before me,
xecuted the same for the
purposes therein contained.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.
FOIA REQUEST
0000
менона
OFFICIAL SEAL
NORMAN N HOLT
NOTARY PUBLIC - CALIFORNIA
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY
My comm. expires APR 11, 198

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEFENSE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE
1900 HALF STREET. S.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20324-1700
PRIVACY ACT OF 1974
The Defense Investigative Service (DIS) is conducting a personnel security
Investigation regarding you at the request of a Department of Defense (DoD)
activity. The Privacy Act of 1974 requires that each individual asked to
provide personal information be advised of the following four points:
a. AUTHORITY. DIS is authorized to conduct personnel security
investigations for DoD under DoD Directive 5105.42.
The DIS obtains
information so that the DoD may comply with the investigative requirements of
Executive Order 10450, "Security Requirements for Government Employees,"
Executive Order 10865, "Safeguarding Classified Information Within Industry,"
Director of Central Intelligence Directive 1/14, "Uniform Personnel Security
Standards and Practices Governing Access to Sensitive Compartmented
Information," and other personnel security DoD directives.
b. PRINCIPAL PURPOSE OR PURPOSES. This inquiry is being conducted to
obtain information which will enable DoD officials to evaluate your
suitability for access to classified defense information, acceptability for
assignment to a sensitive civilian position or acceptance/retention in the
Armed Forces.
ROUTINE USES. The information obtained from you will be furnished
to DoD officials and it will be maintained by the DIS.
It may be furnished
to accredited DoD activities, accredited Federal Agencies, and law
enforcement agencies for their official use.
Financial record information
obtained pursuant to the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 may be
released outside DoD in response to legitimate law enforcement inquiry.
d. VOLUNTARY NATURE OF DISCLOSURE. The disclosure of personal
Information to the DIS in voluntary. However, if you do not desire to supply
Information, the DIS will be unable to conduct a complete investigation and
adjudicating officials may not be able to make a determination that your
suitability for access to classified defense information, acceptability for
assignment to a sensitive civilian position or acceptance/retention in the
Armed Forces is clearly consistent with the interest of national security,
and if applicable, result in administrative termination of your company
confidential clearance.
NOTE: If in confunction with thie interview, you should execute a DD Form 2221, "DoD Authority
fox Release of Information and Recorde, " a DIS Form 16, "Doctor/Patient Relesee Statement,"
DIS Form 28e, "Statement of Subject," DIS Form 40, "Alcohol and Drug Abuse Information
Release," or a DIS Form 85, "Customer Consent and Authorization for Access," the infor
mation which is obtained through the use of those documents will be governed by the pro-
visions set forth in paragraphs a through d abore.
DIS FL-1
84 May
7 ж s.
3/1/06
Edition of Jun 82 will be used until exhausted.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 730, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
DEFENSE INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE
1900 MALF ST., R.W.
WASHINGTON. D.G. 20328-1700
8 APR 1986
On February 18, 1986, this office received your notarized form of February 4,
1986.
At the current time you are the subject of a personnel security investigation
being conducted by this agency. The rules established by this Department of
Defense component in Implementing the Privacy Act of 1974 preclude our
providing you with copies of this investigation before It is completed.
Upon completion of the Investigation, the releasable contents of our file will
be made available to you.
If you have any questions regarding these procedures, please feel free to
contact my office.
Sincerely,
chief, Office of Informatior
and Public Affaiti

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3127, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N4
(
(
8 May 1986
Freedom of Information Act Request (5 U.S.C. 552)
Defense Investigative Service
1900 Half St., S.W.
Washington, D.C.
20324-1700
Dear Sirs:
This is a follow-up letter to my request (see
enclosure A), which you responded to with
reply (see enclosure B).
When I received a covy of the document (see enclosure B2), I made a request to my se-
curity office (see enclosure C) seeking to authenticate or repudiate the claims made
in this document. I did this, becuase I do not have a Top Secret clearance and was,
therefore, concerned if a breach of security may have been made. *
My security office made no request to me to surrender the document (see enclosure B2)
making the assumption that it had been released and that I could share same with any-
one.
The document (see enclosure B2) had been given to me to (in turn) give a second copy
(also provided by the source and as yet not reproduced by me) to researcher John Andrews
for authenticating.
Mr.
of the Testor Corporation is a fellow aircraft buff and expert on the
histories of the development of the CIA/USAF Lockheed U-2 (see enclosure D), the CIA/
USAF Lockheed A-12/SR-71/D-21 aircraft (see enclosure E) and the alleged USAF/Lockheed
F-19 stealth fighter which I have recently become most interested in (seę enclosure F).
Following the request of my security office to you (see:letter C), to invetigate the
document (see enclosure B2), my neighbors, my landlady, and my fellow employees began
telling me, that you (the Defense Investigative Service) had approached them asking
various questions about me and MOST SPECIFICALLY about my interest in investigating
the UFO phenomena, i. e., in authenticating the document (see enclosure B2). It was
this investigation (without yet informing me), that led me to make the request that
I did (see enclosure A).
I was informed by him, that this document had to have been released, and that it was
the intention of its source (through me) to disseminate same among the members of the
Aerospace community in which I work, and this I did as so indicated to me. Indeed, the
source of the document (see enclosure B2) had indicated to me that he had been ap
proached by AFOSI for that very purpose, i. e., to disseminate information to the
Public in order to convince them that the UFO phenomena was real and of extrater-
restrial origin.
Upon disseminating this document among my fellow employees, some individuals became
concerned, resulting in the memo (see enclosure G).
On the 19th of March 1986 I was interviewed by two agents (Alex Naval and James Kirk)
representing the Defense Investgative Service see enclosure H). In the course of this
interview,
stated that this document (see enclosure B2) had been sanitized
for release and that I was free to share same with anyone or make FOIA requests as to
its authenticity (see enclosure I) and the agency of its origin. I asked if there were
thè express purpose of "leaking" such documentation and was told... "Yes, the Office
•bf Air Force Investigations is one of them!"
I was asked who gave me the document (see enclosure B2) and I gave his name and address.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1064, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
I also reported to
that the individual who gave me the document (see enclosure
B2) had an identification card, just 11ke the one HE and Mr. Naval presented me with,
to identily thenselves as being agents of the Defense Investigative service, It 18 to
pe noted, that this individual HAS NOT been arrested, nor even interrogated for having
this document (see enclosure B2). I MUST, therefore presume that this document is
GENUINE and has been reléased!
My security office has identified (to me) agents
Alex Naval and James Kirk as being with the Defense Investigative Service.
Having been told that this document (see enclosure B2) had been sanitized for release,
I shared this information with the source (who provided me the copy of same) and he
affirmed that the document HAD, Indeed been released.
frior to having been given the sanitized copy of this page (see enclosure B2) of this
1. A complete uncensored copy of this document (see enclosure B2) and/or the agency
to which I should make the request to acquire same.
Thank you for your time, Sir.
Sincerly

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1924, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N05
(
(
24 September 1986
Freedom. of Information Act Request
(5 U.S.C. 552)
Defense Investigative Service
1900 Half St., S.W.
Washington, D. C.
20324-1700
Dear Sirs:
Please note your response (see enclosure A), to my request (see enclosure A1).
In the absence of any statement to the contrary, I must presume that I am under in-
vestigation for possessing a copy of this document (see enclosure B) for which I
DID make a request to you for authentication thereof (see enclosure C).
On September 18, 1986 Mr. Ron Regehr was interviewed by agents Joe Moussiaux and
Mat Bartenelli representing the Defense Investigative Service. I was present at part
of this interview in which (again) questions were asked about this document (see en-
closure B).
• Mr. Regehr was also asked about a drawing (see enclosure D) I had asked Mr. Vincent
DePaula to draw for-us. I have alleged that a creature that looks like this was- found--
in the wreckage of a crashed flying saucer which was found in the New Mexican desert
in July of 1947. The interest your agents showed in xeroxing a copy of this document
(see enclosure A) and in xeroxing this drawing (see enclosure D) has created among
fellow workers a feeling that their exists substance to the rumors related to this
material.
Seeing that it was stated to me by the above agents, that I had already been inves-
tigated (1. e. for my part in attempting to authenticate this document by informin
you of its existence), I respectfully request-
1. The releasable contents of the file (and purpose fox) you having begun such an
investigation (see enclosure A1).
2. A complete uncensored copy of the document (see enclosure B), and ansOfficial
statement as to this documents authenticity.
3. The specific reason why your office is so interested in the drawing of the little
alleged Alien (see enclosure D).
Thank you, for your time, Sir.
Sincerly
ee M. Graha
526W. Maple
Monrovia, CA
91016
