{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:35:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 157082, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124147-interview-with-a-retired-air-force-pilot-by-ed-komarek.pdf", "source_sha256": "7cd4f0fe23790ec2090296715bc62f651974394dddbb37ea08154214976229b2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 1952, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERVIEW WITH A RETIRED AIR FORCE PILOT
BY ED KOMAREK JR.
This report describes an interview that I Ed Komarek made on
December 18, 1991 with the assistance of a close relative of the
individual interviewed. The individual, the relative, and the
location of this individual must be kept confidential to avoid
offical recriminations. This information is still classified
above top secret and at this time has not been authorized by the
pentagon for release to the public. This man who I will call Jim
for the purposes of this paper checked with his provost marshal
at a nearby military base to see if he could talk to me. The
provost marshal told him that much information was on the verge of
being released and all was due to be out in 5 or six years. The
marshal told him he would check with the pentagon by computer and
should have a answer in a couple of days. When Jim did not get back
with his relative for a interview with me I decided along with the
relative to go see him imediately. When we caught up with Jim
he said that the marshal had not got back with him yet.
He was willing to talk a little though there was much he was not
willing to tell us as he was getting concerned about the difficult
position he was getting himself in. As he had already talked to
the relative in more debth I and the relative were latter able to
fill in some of the pieces that he would not tell me at this time.
He had been threatened in the past that the military had places for
people who devulged top secret information. He said that this
information was classified at the highest level and that he had
a above top secret crypto clearance and the need to know as he
flew secret missions for the air force in Africa and elsewhere in
the late 1940's and early 50's.
Jim said he was one of 59 individuals who were part of a elite
groop who flew these missions.
He retired on a disability in the
later fifties but was kept on a retainer untill the mid 1980's.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2145, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
His military records had been lost in a fire that distroyed the
records of a large number of service men. This may account why the
provost marshal had not yet got back with him on this issue.
Jim said that because of his position and the need to know he
had acess to the above top secret files that contained information
on crashed
saucers, pictures of flying saucers in flight, the flight
characteristics of the saucers and pictures of the occupants of
the saucers in military custody. In his secret missions he and
the other men were expected and did come into contact with alien
spacecraft. Jim also had a incounter with two craft and there
occupants in the 1970's on a road near where he lives now. Their
is also continuing activity around him and his relatives in this
local area.
At the time he was flying secret missions in the 50's there were
12 saucers in military custody. He had seen pictures of blond
blue eyed aliens that looked like us in the files. He did not
want to talk about the aliens or the pictures of them. I believe
he said that Dolittle had taken the pictures but I am not sure as
he could have been talking about saucer pictures. He was not
personaly familiar with the alien types collectively known as
the grays but had
seen drawings and maybe pictures of them in a
preserved state. I found that Jim was very well informed on these
matters and most of his information had come from his experences
in the military. He was not familiar with most of the literature
availabe in the public sector but had heard of the crash at Roswell
which was one of the reasons that he was willing to talk about one
of the crash film clips he had seen. I think he is seeing if he
is going to get into trouble about this and may become more forthcommin,
in the future if nothing comes of all this. I was concerned that
after the marshal got back with him he might clam up so I pestered
him for as much information as I could get.
Jim talked with me about Ike's meeting with the aliens and said
that Ike was given a tour of one of the ships. One craft in operating
condition was given to the government at that time. He said that
at 9 -

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2122, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
at that time when he was in the service the military could get the
crafts to lift up but had trouble getting forward motion. The
military understood very little how the craft operated and least
of all the powerplants.
He said his groop had lost only one plane and that was proably
because after a encounter with a space craft the planes instruments
had become perturbed by the ships powerful magnetic fields and
had come on to the runway from the south when it was supposed to
come in from the north. It blew up in a ball of fire at the end of
the runway. Jim said he was never ordered to fire upon any of
the saucers yet said it was easy to shoot them down even useing
sidewinder missles he had heard. The only time he knew that
the military shot at the spacefraft and there occupants was when
they were where they weren't supposed to be. Like over military
instalations. Jim had heard of one plane that was disintegrated
by most likely ultrasound.
Jim says that he has seen several film clips of crashed spaceships .
and also of saucers skipping through the air like stones on top
of the water. He would only talk to me about on 5-6 minute filmclip
of a crashed saucer inside a hangar. The main body of the craft
was on the floor and the central unit or core was on a flatbed
truck nearby. The craft on the floor had a 10 foot by 10 foot
hole in the side with what looked like pipeing and conduit hanging
out arond the hole. He said there was lettering and symbols inside
but
would not talk to me about the inside of the craft. He had
told his relative that inside were many control panels, what looked
like star charts on the inside walls and a large screen. He said
to me that one room was still inacessable to the military at the
time the pictures were taken. The object was disk shaped and he
doesn't remember if there was a dome on it as the pictures were
from one angle. The surface of the craft appeared dull grey.
Jim
was told that the craft was light enough to be picked up by one
man and that the materials were very strong and pliable but when
pounded would return to their original shape. The material was

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 1991, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
4
extremely light. The core which he believed to be the powerplant
was heavyer and was still on the flatbed truck. He sumrised that
when the object struck the ground the heavier core punched through
the wall of the craft leaveing the gaping hole. There were bodys
on the floor of the hangar but they were covered and they looked
about 5 to five and a half feet long.
Jim says he has seen pictures of craft hovering over powerlines
and bodies of water from which he belives they use to fuel their
craft. Also he believes they can get at underground water. He says
that the sparks that his relative had seen around the outside of
a UFO were sparks caused by dust from the atmosphere igniteing
from the intense tempratures in the plasmoid surrounding the craft.
His sighting in the mid seventies happened as he was driving down
a local road near where he now lives. The two craft which were
each wider than the road came head on and as they aproached his
car slowed to a stop. The two craft hovered in the road ahead
of his car. The craft had square windows and were shaped like
a tire. The surface of the craft was as if one took golf balls
and imbeded them in a surface forming a sort of hexagonal pattern.
The craft had foot thick tubes around the circumference within which
some kind of light energy seemed to be flowing. There were two
beings of human form in each craft. They apeared to be idenical
with the same features and a suit of some flexable material that
did not wrinkle when they moved there arms. It covered all the
body except the face.
Let us hope there will be more information forthcomming from this
case. It seems from some of the recient literature that some
servicemen are being alowed to talk on this subject by their superiors.
Perhaps this is a developing trend to allow out information on a
gradual basis. I hope the pentagon will allow this man to tell
his story in full without recriminations so that other researchers
may verify his name and confirm his story.
