{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T02:32:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 984811, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124209-the-fund-for-cia-research.pdf", "source_sha256": "246823055e5f234f6e9700b10b9eaa54e353c7589082a7cf4fa57ce95c928425"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2442, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Fund for CIA Research?
Who's Disinforming Whom?
briefed the CIA men on the CIA's own UFO files released under the Freedom of Information Act
Following the "MJ-12" conference, Maccabee was told by Ron Pandolfi, a CIA official who
is Maccabee's main contact at the agency, that he had "created a lot of spies" within the CIA. It
seems that in the aftermath of the session CIA officers began snooping on each other and
combing each other's files in some sort of bizarre search for evidence of the fabled UFO control
group, sparked by Maccabee's talk. Maccabee even persuaded Pandolfi to have the CIA's
librarian search for "MJ-12" references in the Roscoe Hillenkoetter (an carly CIA director) files.
The results were negative, repotedly.
Maccabo first approached the CIA it early 1979 after traveling to New Zealand to
investigate the filming of an alleged "UFO" from a plane by a television crew. Although most
people who viewed the film were unimpressed by the jumpy blob of noctual light, Maccaboe,
for unclear reasons, decided the film represented some sori of probative evidence of UFOs and
set out to bring it to the attention of CIA officials. He then put out feelers through his contacts
with companies performing tasks for the CIA, and later a meeting was set up at CIA
Headquarters, during which he screened the film and summarized his analysis of it.
A short time later, Maccabec revealed detalis of his meeting to Wo'Toda Zechel, founder of
Citizeas Against UFO Secrecy (CAUS) and UFO rescarcher specializing in government cover-
up. Zochel had initiated a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit against the CIA in September
977 in conjunction with Peter Gersten, a New York attorney, and Ground Saucer Watch,
hoenir-based UFO croup for which Zechel was Director of Research. In December 1978 th
suit resulted in the CIA releasing more than a thousand documents it had claimod didn't exist
In recorded conversations with Zechel, Maccabe disclosod that a CIA official had taken
him aside after the New Zealand UPO film briefing and revealed that he was the custodian of the
CIA's UFO files. These files, the official said, consisted of some 15,000 UFO-related
documents, of which, he claimed, only "two or three thousand were really interesting," the
remainder being mostly mundane Foreign Broadcast Information Service (FBIS) reports and
iteras of lesser interest. All of these documents had been tumed over to the CIA's Freedom of

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 613, "chars": 3875, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
Information Staif, the official told Maccabee, in response to the FOIA suit Zechel had filed.
It should be noted, at this point, that the CIA had been ordered to search all of its files for
UFO-related documents and make a full accounting of them. This Stipulation and Order was in
accordance with an agreement Zechel and Gersten had worked out with the CLA's attorney and a
U.S. Attorney at a Status Call hearing on the suit on July 7, 1978. It was then that Zechel had, in
a rather forceful manner, threatened to have CIA officials criminally prosecuted for issuing talse
replies to FOLA requests on UrUs. Faced with this, the CIA had backed down and agreed to
cooperate. However, subsequently the CIA only accounted for 1,000 documents and claimed to
be withholding a mere 57.
What Maccabee was told in confidence by the CIA's UFO files custodian dove-tailed
exactly with statements made by CIA representatives during the course of the suit, during which
attorney Gersten was led to believe in excess of 10,000 documents would be made available.
Ibere was also a letter to Zechel from the CIA'S FOLA statt asking him to suspend action on a
particular request, stating, "1,000 pages of additional UFO related documents have just been
located" and were being processed.
CIA was continuing to be deceptive. Brad Sparks, a researcher with CAUS, found references in
acknowledge. Moreover, it was evident the CIA had carefully selected the documents it
released, even with heavy censorship. The CIA ouly accounted for documents related to matters
Zechel and Sparks had uncovered during their investigation of CIA involvement, and excluded
many others such as conclusions of its emergency studies of UFOs in 1952, 1957, 1965, 1967
and others. These studies were carried out in secret, utilizing Domestic Contact Service (a.K.a.
Domestic Collection Division) agents, during a number of UFO flaps and in conjunction with the
Condon Committee study (1966-68).
A Missed Opportunity
In March 1979, after the CIA filed deceptive affidavits with the court about its purported
search of files, Gersten set out to file an Order to Show Cause Why the CIA Should Not Be Held
in Contempt of Court. The Show Cause order asked the court to penalize the CIA for failing to
comply with the Stipulation and Order agreed to in 1978.
It was during the construction of the Show Cause motion that Maccabee made his
remarkable revelations to Zechel, who immediately asked if he could speak with the CIA officer.
Shortly, Maccabee informed Zechel that the CIA man refused the request. Maccabee also
declined to identity the CIA official, other than to say he was formerly a medical doctor with the
CIA's Office of Scientific Intelligence who had become the head of a CIA subgroup that among
other things conducted research concerning psychic phenomena.
Lechel hurredly intormed Gersten of Maccabee's disclosures, but attempts to enlist
Maccabee's cooperation with the suit were met with refusal and obfuscation, including an
attempt by Maccabee to mislead Brad Sparks by telling him the brieting did not take place at
CIA Headquarters, and he claimed to be unsure if the men he met with were CIA employees.
This clever manipulation of the facts threw Sparks off the trail and made Zechel's information
about the meeting appear to be suspect.
It was clear from Maccabee's other statements to Zechel that Maccabee intended to
cooperate with the CIA on a continuing basis and that he hoped to become its sort of UFO-man-
on-call, perhaps being dispatched around the world to investigate UFO sightings-sort of the
James Bond of UFO encounters. Zechel found this to be a rather silly fantasy in light of the fact
he had found the CIA had been conducting secret studies of UFOs since 1952, and perhaps even
before that, and had utilized high-tech cameras, sensing devices and a nationwide field staff of

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 631, "chars": 4019, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
agents who became covert operatives in 1973.
In any case, no thanks to Maccabee the Order to Show Cause was filed one day late and
thrown out of court when the U. S. District Court judge upheld the CIA's Out of Time motion.
The CIA had been 88 days late with its filing, surpassing a 60-day extension by 28 days. But
that mattered not to Judge John Pratt, whose rulings had been reversed five times in the past by
higher courts for decisions unfairly favorable to the CIA.
In the years since, Maccabee and Zechel had several phone conversations revolving around
Maccabee's relationship with the CIA. At one point, Zechel asked him, directly, it he was
working for the CIA. "You might say that," Maccabee replied, In April 1990, however,.
Maccabee began to back-pedal on what he'd been told by the CIA's UFO files custodian in 1979.
Suddenly he contended the official had said "there might be as many as 15,000 UFO-related
documents" scattered throughout headquarters. In this version, the CIA man had merely been
speculating about the totality of the CIA's collection, judging by the one or two thousand he had
control over.
The 1990 interview with Maccabee was witnessed by UFO lecturer Robert Fastings as it
played over a speaker phone in Zechel's office. Several years earlier, Hastings had called
Maccabee about another matter and in passing asked him about reporis of his contacts with the
CLA, especially the 1979 brieting. Maccabee feigned puzzlement and denied the whole thing.
In the most recent interview, Maccabee continued to cling to his contention that the CIA
official had only been guessing about the 15,000 number. When it was pointed out to him this
was illogical in light of the fact the acknowledged custodian would have no reason to suppose
another 13,000 documents were located in other files, Maccabee had no response other than to
assert it seemed logical to him.
In point of fact, the custodian of the UFO files had merely inherited them as the result of
being "Keeper of the Weird," as Maccabee described it. There were general files on UPOs from
several CIA offices, including Scientific Intelligence, thereby presenting no basis to suppose
there were large numbers of additional documents elsewhere or for making an educated guess as
to their total. In other words, why would a person who believed he was custodian of the CIA's
UFO collection have reason to believe, based upon a possession of one of two thousand
documents, that 13,000 other UPO documents were being stored in other places somewhere in
the CIA?
The answer seems clear: Maccabee treasures his secret relationship with the CIA more
dearly than he feels any need to be forthright about matters vitally imporiant to objective
researchers.
Although for years Maccabee has closely guarded the custodian's identity, in the most
recent interview he confirmed the official's name is Christopher C. "Kit" Green, more recently
the chief of the Biomedical Sciences Department at General Motors. Dr. Green attained a Ph.D.
in Neurophysiology in 1969 and in 1976 received his M.D., Docior of Medicine, degree. Green
was awarded the CIA's National Intelligence Medal for his work on a "classified project" from
1979 to 1983, precisely the years in which Maccabee was meeting with him at CIA headquarters.
Green uses somewhat of a cover story to describe his CIA work, calling himself a "Scientific
Advisor on the Advisory Board to the Directorate of intelligence, CIA."
According to Maccabee, Green sought out Bill Moore it 1988 or 1989, shortly atter Moore
had his 15 minutes of fame as a technical consultant for "UFO Cover-Up? Live!," the disastrous
two-hour TV special that featured back-lit ravings by "Falcon" Doty and "Condor" Collins.
Subsequently, Green became BLUEJA Y in Moore's fabled aviary, although it's unclear if Green
realized he'd become a member of the flock. But then birds of a feather do flock together, don't
they?
trying to make contact with Robert Gates, the Director of Central Intelligence under President

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4218, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
George Bush. It appears Moore told Green that Gates held some lofty position in the current
configuration of the mythical "MJ-12," and Green was supposed to approach Gates by passing
some sort of code word or phrase, a scenario right out of an old pulp spy novel. Maccabee, with
some disgust, says Green "bungled" the code word and the rendezvous fell through.
Remarkably, Maccabee seems not to understand how foolish all this looks to people who
have intensely studied the goverment's handling of UFOs over the years, nor does he seem to
question the validity of Moore's activities, long aiter Moore publicly contessed to being a liar
and betrayer of fellow ufologists, a la his contention in 1989 that he was a "controlled informant"
at the annual MUFON symposium in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Dr. Maccabee, Bill Moore & MJ-12
At this point we are forced to review the whole sordid history surrounding Bill Moore, his
associate Rick Doty and his highly dubious claim to have been ordered to spy on Paul Bennewitz
by members of unnamed agencies of the United States Government. "Inis review is necessary in
order to appreciate the lack of judgment that Dr. Maccabee (and therefore FUFOR) has
demonstrated in his contiauing support for and association with Bill Moore and more
importantly Bill Moore's best known creation-the MJ-12 hoax.
Paul Bennewitz is a man with a long history of mental illness who, when lucid, ran a
company called Thunder Scientific Corp., a manufacturer of temperature and humidity
measuring devices, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Mr. Bennewitz claimed to have observed and
filmed alien spacecraft activity over restricted areas of Kirtland, AFB and tried to interest Ait
Force officials in his sightings. Robert Hastings, a resident of the same city, spent some time
with Bennewitz on two occasions after stories of Bennewitz's UFO encounters began to surface.
Contrary to Moore's claims that Bennewitz had seen and filmed super-secret UFO-Ike cratt over
the Manzano Weapons Storage Area and the Coyote Canyon Test Site, Hastings found the flims
to be hoaxes so crude and poorly done as to be laughable. It was quite obvious, Hastings says,
that one film was of several birds in flight (metaphorically appropriate, wouldn't you say?).
During the screening, Bennewitz claimed the birds' flapping wings were alien spacecraft "force
fields" moving up and down. Another film "looked like Bennewitz had thrown it on the floor
and walked on it, " Hastings added. The film was nothing more than a series of smudges, hair
and other debris. A third film purportedly of a "green fireball" phenomenon as reported in one of
Doty's bogus documents was found by Hastings to be something drawn on the underside of the
8 mm film strip with a green magic marker.
Hastings, a compassionate and fair-minded person, quickly realized Bennewitz was a
mentally disturbed man suffering from paranoid delusions revolving around alien beings. At one
point, Bennewitz showed Hastings print-outs of complete garble which he claimed were
messages from the "aliens." Bennewitz interpreted the garble for Hastings, explaining that the
aliens had tracked him from his hotel to Bennewitz's home, that they liked him and wanted to
rendezvous with him later that evening at a remote site. Hastings said thanks but no thanks. A
long time friend of Bernewitz's has confirmed that Bennewitz had been repeatedly hospitalized
by his family and treated for mental illness over the past decade, long before Moore bad
reportedly began working his alleged disinformational magic on Bennewitz.
For a better impression of Bennewitz's mental state, check out this description taken from
an advertising flyer for Christa Tilton's Ihe Bennewitz Papers, & book based on his rambling s:
"Bennewitz reported [that] horrid people began following him, breaking into his home to installi
wire taps, Air Force men showing up at his doorstep at all hours... he was being drugged and was
convinced aliens were coming into his home and sticking him with needles. He became a
frightened man. He also felt like the government was possibly behind some of the happenings."
There are probably thousands of people all over the country suffering from the same sort of

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 659, "chars": 4205, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
paranoid delusions as Paul Bennewitz. What set Bennewitz apart was that be came into contact
with an AFOSI agent named Sgt. Richard Doty.
"Falcon" Doty first surfaced during an attempt to sell a hoaxed incident about a pitched
battle with aliens at Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota, where Doty had been stationed. Bob Pratt,
armed with a legitimate-looking report about the reported case that had been concocted and
leaked by Doty, conducted & lengihy investigation for the National Enquirer but talled to tina
even a shred of supporting evidence. Later, Doty began sending phony letters to APRO, trying
to bait them in similar fashion. Then, while stationed at Kirtland AFB, New Mexico, Doty came
into contact with Bennewitz as a result of Bernewitz's attempts to get Air Force officials to listen
to his ravings about his alien encounters.
While other Kirtland officials had politely declined to meet with Bennewitz, Doty
apparently saw an opportunity to make hay with Bennewitz's bales. Doty even invited Jerry
Miller, a former investigator with the Air Force's 4602nd Sq., the group that did legwork for
Project Blue Book, to a meeting with Bennewitz. Miller came away convinced Bernewitz was
nothing more than a mentally disturbed person, a "nut case," and advised Doty that he was
wasting his time.
But devious Doty was not discouraged. He concocted reporis incorporating some of
Bennewitz's stories, adding his own embellishments, then sought out Bill Moore, whom he beara
speaking about UFOs on a local radio station. The pair soon found a great deal in common:
Doty was determined to make big money by concocting phony UFO stories and Moore was
determined to get rich by exploiting the subject. la fact, Moore told Todd Zechel in early 1980
that "I'll bet you've heard that you can't make money off UFOs? Well, I proved that wrong!"
Bruce Maccabee was present when Moore made this brag, but he apparently did not see what
dangers it foretold.
Moore showed some of Doty's reports during a documentary on UFOs produced by Ron
Lakis, and later Barry Greenwood and Larry Fawceit of CAUS captured one of them on video
tape ireeze-traine, then submitted MULA requests for the documents. Doty responded to the
requesi by forwarding several "reports,
anes by andardinget bal ports did lee died ily reprinted in and otic even
skeptical UFO advocates that Bernewitz had stumbled onto something important.
Shorily thereafter, members of CAUS took the bait Doty had dangled. Peter Gersien,
CAUS's attorney, made contact with Doty through Bill Moore and a meeting was arranged.
There, Doiy alluded to possessing other "hot" information on UFOs and subsequently offered to
sell Gersten "documents," stating he needed money because his wife had recently divorced him
and he owed legal fees. Gersten wisely declined the offer, fearing he was either being set up for
criminal prosecution or that Doty was attempting a swindle.
Moore, the man who had resurrected the Roswell incident (a case for which the best
explanation at that point seemed to be some sort of top secret constant altitude balloon project),
began working with Doty on developing documents to suppor crashed saucet recoverles,
knowing these would have a greater financial value than Bennewitz's "sightings."
Documentary filmmaker Linda Howe was invited to Kirtland to meet with Doty, during Which
she was shown a purported "Presidential Briefing Paper" on crashed saucers that described four
such incidents. Doty also regaled Howe with tales about captured aliens known as EBEs
(Extraterrestrial Biological Entities), a term invented by Paul Bennewitz, the same person
responsible for "greys," a 'classification' for little E.T.-type aliens now in common use.
Doty continued to string Howe along for several months, telling her she'd been selecied by a
super-secrei control group known as "MJ-12" to make startling disclosures to the public about
alien beings, promising to deliver lengthy tim tootage oi downed saucers and even to introduce
her to a live alien. howe ate it up with a spoon, proving, once again, that you can fool some
people all of the time.
Moore and Doty came up with a clever scheme to disguise the fact they were in cohoots.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 644, "chars": 3961, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shorily after Howe's Kirland visit, Doty phoned Howe and charged, " Why did you tell Bl
Moore that you and I had slept together?" Up to this point, Howe had never in her life spoken
with Moore, but after Doty's unsettling accusations she tracked him down and called him to tind
out why he had told Doty a lie about her. Moore, of course, denied the charge, but 'confessed he
was also working with "MJ-12" and suggested they get together to compare notes.
In this manner, Moore was able to reinforce Doty's bogus disclosures without appearing to
be a co conspirator. It was a method he used throughout the entire scam: by bringing it
credulous outsiders such as Howe and Lee Graham and circulating the bogus material among
them or just flashing it on them, he was able to obfuscate the origin of the "documents" and make
it seem as though others were involved with the "leaks." in reality, the "Majestic-12" was
"Swindlers-2," Doty and Moore.
For example, Moore gave a copy of the "briefing paper" Doty had shown Howe to Capi.
Bob "Condor" Collins, who subsequently read parts of it over the phone to Howe, who
recognized it as identical to the one flashed by Doty. Howe became even more impressed by the
fact an active-duty officer had the "briefing paper," and by then was arranging with HBO to
broadcast Doty's earth-shaking disciosures.
"Condor" Collins claimed to have gotten most of his information about UFOs, captured
aliens and underground bases from U.S.A.F. Lt. Col. Ernie Kellerstrauss, with whom he had
served at Wright-Patterson AFB. Kellerstrauss may have been the officer who purportedly had
spent a year with EBE-1, during which he'd learned of the critter's preference for strawberry ice
cream. Now retired and living near Dayton, Obio, "Hawk" Kellerstrauss refuses to commeni on
Collins' claims.
In any case, when Moore came to Denver to meet with Howe, he proposed they work
together to exploit "MJ-12's" revelations, suggesting that Howe do the film and he'd write the
book. Moore added that he intended to get "very rich" from the effor. Howe, convinced she c
seen chosen to periorm a great mission for the government (the old "Messiah"
syndrome), which
according to Doty, wanted to come clean about UrUs, said she wanted only to pertorm her
patriotic duty and desired only to be reimbursed for her expenses.
Meanwhile, Moore conferred with Brad Sparks, whom he regarded as an experi on the
ofered the most promise for pay diri, and sparks said he thoughi the koswel incident, about
which Moore had previously co-authored a book, and one that reportedly occuired it December
first heard about it in 1964 from a colleague in the Army Security Agency whose uncle had
burportediy headed the recovery. Sparks, along with Jerome Clark, had been kept apprised oi
Lechel's investigation
Two manuscripts written by Zechel on the case had been obtained by Moore under
suspicious circumsiances. One was acquired from Jerome Clark, with whom Zechel had been
writing a book. (Clark reportedly leaked the report to Moore in revenge for Zechel pulling out of
the book deal, which Zechel claims was caused by Clark refusing to do his share of the work.) A
second, up-dated report was given to Moore by Harper & Row's West Coast office, purportedly
in an effort to evaluate the validity of it.
In December 1984, Jamie Shandera, a TV producer and friend of Moore's, received in the
mail a roll of 35 mm film that contained the new, improved "Presidential Briefing Paper."
Quickiy, Moore set about ciraulating this material in his typical manner of legitimizing phony
documents. Later, the hoax briefing papers would be revealed to the world in a full-blown press
conference and be shown on ABC-TV's prestigious Nightline with Ted Koppel (in June 1987)
and other shows.
It is no surprise that the briefing papers devoted a great deal of space validating Moore's pet
case, the 1947 Roswell incident, and ouly a scant paragraph to the 1950 case. Moore further

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 720, "chars": 4403, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
~7-
tipped his own hand by the manner in which the 1950 crash is described. Zechel's early report
on it, written in 1978, located it near Laredo, Texas, while his up-dated report, written in 1982,
claimed it occurred near Del Rio, lexas, neariy 400 miles from Laredo. The two reports also
had slight differences in dates, the first stating it happened on Dec. 7, 1950, and the second said
Doc. 5, 1950.
Iloore soived these contradictions by dividing the differences in half, stating the location of
the crash as "El Indio Guerrero," which is about halfway between Laredo and Del Pio, and the
date as "6 December 1950," precisely between Zechel's two dates. But the division method is
noi quite as inspired as Moore's description of the flying saucer as "almost completely
incinerated," adding that what little debris remained was taken to Sandia Lab.
Une can almost picture Moore's devious mind churning as he created the brieting paper. He
had come to hate Zechel because the CAUS founder had dared to criticize the Roswell incident
in the report leaked by Jerome Clark, plus he had heard Clark blame Zechel for the collapse of
us marriage-tue ex-irs. Clark had apparently counted on the Clark/Zechel book elevating their
out of near-poverty. So Moore rationalized his venom and aimed it at Zechel's pet case. "Il fi›
him," one can hear Moore vowing. "Ill burn up his damn saucer."
Throughout the affair Moore dropped a number of clues to indicate his involvement in
creating the briefing paper-almost crying out, "Stop me before I hoax again!" One example of
this is an anicle in late magazine written by Jerome Clark, during the period Clark was still
enamored with Moore. Clark had worshipfully told the story of how the briefing "documents"
had come to light. Moore said he was ensconced in a motel room when "at precisely 5:00 P.M.
someone knocked on the door and a man appeared with a bundle under his arma. He said to
Moore that he had 17 minutes to do whatever he wanted with what he was about to be given. He
could copy it but he couldn't keep it. Moore had a camera and did his best. The document
pliported to be a briefing paper telling newiy-elected President Jimmy Carter about IIJ-12,
Project Aquarius, the little grey men and the rest." (Emphasis added.)
Hmmm, could this be the same 35 mm photos that showed up in Shandera's mailbox?
defend his pal. "Oh, no, thai was a different briefing paper," Clark disclaimed. Oh, yeah? Si
what happened to that briefing paper, Jerry?
Of course, by this time Moore had begun to distance himself from Rick Doty, since it had
become obvious to a number of people who had communicated with Doty that he was a
shameless, compulsive lat. Moore didn't denounce Doty, however, he merely tried to shitt the
"Faicon" identity to someone else, telling Clark that "Falcon" was really a Defense Intelligence
Agency (DIA) employee. Curiously, the new "Falcon" just happened to be telling Moore the
same things as the old "Falcon," only the spotlight was now presumably off Doty.
in similar fashion, when it became evident to level-headed rescarchers that Paul Bennewitz
was mentally ill and his information unreliable, Moore cunningly claimed to be a disinformation
agent who had been assigned to spy on and confuse Bennewitz. Supposedly, this was
necessitated by Bennewitz having stumbled onto some big UtO secrets, but, as we have seen,
Beimewitz's sightings were merely a product of his own jumbled mind. In reality, Moore
adopted the "secret-agent" stance in order to protect Doty and to give himself the opportumity to
protest his innocence in the future should anyoue prove his "Presidential Briefing Paper,"
"MI-12" or "Aquarius" documents to be bogus. That is, he could always claim he was "just
following orders," much in the manner of the Nazis brought to trial for war crimes.
There are those who will no doubt continue to contend that all of this is the result of some
lant conspiracy designed to disinform, confuse and mislead Maccabee, Moore, Linda Moultor
Jowe, the Fund, and the rest of ufology. The available evidence certainly indicates that Moor
and Doty fabricated the MIl-12 hoax independently and almost certainly for personal gain. it our
opinion there is little doubt that as more and more of this grand hoax caves in on him, Moore will
retreat further behind his "controlled agent" persona and leave it up to his dwindling followers to

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 3963, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8-
sort it all out.
Remarkably, even after Moore made his confession in Las Vegas (an appropriate setting),
thanks to Maccabee's influence he was still able to have himself and Doty portrayed as authentic
heroes in books by Whitley Strieber (Majestic) and Howard Blum (Out There). Even best-
selling author Sydney Sheldon contributed to the salute to this fine pair of American heroes, one
of whom had "confessed" to driving an innocent man nuts!
Actually a tip of the hat from the creators of Hitler's diary and the author of the Howard
Hughes hoar, Clifford Irving, would have been a hell of a lot more appropriate.
To be frank, the whole sorry mess is a great example of what happens when you allow the
foxes to guard the chickens. Ufology, which lives by the old "hear no evil; see no evil; speak i
vil" when it comes to each others pet cases, wallows in hoaxes and mistioration as a resti
But that wouldn't be so discouraging if it were not for the fact all this rubbish is passed onto th
public in the form of books, TY shows and lectures.
The only leading ufologists who have acied responsibly in this whole affair have been
Greenwood and Fawcett of CAUS. For their troubles, they have been vilified, hated, resented or
just plain ignored by the rest of utology in the mad rush to grind out books sparked by Moore's
deceptions. In this field of study, the hoaxers are celebrated and those who cry foul are sent
packing.
The Sea Cull & the Pellican
Di. Maccabee's (the "SEA GULL" in Bill Moore's foolish aviary) activities and conduct
throughout the whole MJ-12 affair must now be critically re-examined. How much involvement
did he have in spreading the MI-12 hoax? How much influence did Ron Pandolti (the
"PELLICAN" have over his conduct during this whole affair?
Dr. Maccabee published a paper titled UFO Landings Near Kirtland AFB or Welcome 10
the Cosmic Watergate in 1985. The report was co-authored by Bill Moore and printed on
PUFOR stationary. The report is an investigation into the alleged incident described in the
Kirtland Landing Document dated Sept. 9, 1980 released by HQ/AFOSI. A careful examination
of the circumstances surrounding the documents (and Maccabee's own report) clearly shows
that the docurent is a fraud created by Doty. Di. Maccabee's apparent support for the Kirtland
document lent credence to Doty and his fraudulent claims at a critical tire. If Dr. Maccabes had
exposed Doty at this point a great deal of time and effort could have been saved by researchers.
Dr. Maccabee now privately admits that the Whole MJ-12 mess 1s probably a hoax. He jusines
his position of providing support for the MJ-12 investigation by maintaining that there is a secret
control group, a MJ-12 "by any name" as he puts it. Apparently the details aren't important.
When did Maccabee know the MJ-12 material was fraudulent, was it before he provided Stan
Friedman with $16,000 of Fund money?
It must be pointed out here that the Fund rejected a detailed proposal to re-sue the CIA
under FOLA submitted by Todd Zechel a few years ago. Lechel bad outlined a plan to go atter
the 15,000 documents described by Maccabee's friend, Kit Green, and had asked ior a paltry
$500 to get the effori rolling, using a diligeni attorney who had volunteered to do the legal work.
'The Fund quickly rejected Zecher's proposal, but later handed 210,0ul to Stan Fredman in an
efiori to validate the Mi-12 documents. Untorumately we are forced now to re-examine the
motives of Dr. Maccabee. We must ask if his CIA contacts had any input into this (or any)
decisions regarding proposals. This input may not have been so obvious as one would nist tink.
Consider the scenario wherein Maccabee's CIA contacts express subtle hints suggesting to
Maccabee that there may have been an MJ-12, this may have been enough to influence his
decision to make such a large grant. Conversely, who knows what input the CIA had in
Maccabee's rejection of Zechel's modest proposal.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3261, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-9-
One Last Quickie
In summary, Moore runs around giving silly code names to everyone he meets who's
connected in some way to the government, much like a 10 year old boy trymg to play spy. None
of these peopie have any direct knowledge of UFU evenis, from what we've seen, and mostly
they just repeat or ie circulale stories originated by Moore and Doty. Moore only uses them to
create an aura of mystique around himself and to obfuscate the bogus nature of his "discoveries."
Doy apparently had a track record oi tiancial impropriettes, and, according to Maccabee,
was thrown out of AFOSI, demoted to cook and ultimately forced out of the Air Force,
seemingly, his entry into the UrU tield was pait of a pattern oi misconduct, and, given the
willingness of many ufologists to believe wild tales, he was able to manipulate their credulity
into greater gains and glory than would have been possible elsewhere.
Yet even after Doty's credibility had (or should have) dropped to zero and Moore himself
had "confessed" to being a disinformationist, they were, in late 1991, able to pull off yet another
swindle.
to send in 90.00 in enda to cive a te poo a bo his sume wie sul ribers.
Jamie Shandera. The book was offered as a re-subscription benefit. This "free" book was
supposed to be published in January 1992, entitled, The Scientist, the Government &
Urus .,ersonal Kecollechons of ine Paul bennewitz Affair...A Case Siudy in Disinformation
In a tabloid like rave, Moore previewed the book thusly: "Govemment cover-up; disinformation;
UFO abductions; alien underground bases; secret treaties with extraterrestrials; plots to take over
and enslave planet Earth; Duice, New Mexico; Groom Lake/Area 51, Nevada; strange goings on
at Kirtland AFB; secrei agents; covert operations; mysterious radio transmissions; grey aliens;
blond aliens; and much, much more!"
Reportedly, hundreds of suckers sent in their $25.00, proving P.I. Barnum right once again.
And of course they all got stiffed: FOCUS promptly went out of business, me "11co" book never
got printed and Moore next emerged as the "executive editor" of FAR OUT magazine published
by Larry Flynt (who also publishes Fusiler magazine) where he began publishing articles by
some of his good friends like Bruce Maccabee.
Perhaps Moore, now that he's gainfully employed, will make reids. But you can probably
count on that as much as you can count on him making one last confession that he helped
It is important to note here that all this should be viewed not as a tribute to Bill Moore's
hoaxing abilities but rather in light of Di. Maccabee's (hence FUFOR's) concurrent relationship
with the CIA. Has Dr. Maccabee's support for Moore and MI-12 simply been the result of poor
Gulf Breeze
No single individual bears greater responsibility for promoting the Gulf Breeze case to the
unlikely due to the high degree of technical difficulty that would be required to fabricate similar
photographs. Yei after lar too much wasted time and resources most serious researchers have
come to the conclusion that indeed the case is a hoax.
One must question Dr. Maccabee's personal and professional judgment in this case. Did he
simply become emotionally involved with the participants (he became close friends with Ed &

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 4005, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-10-
Frances Walters early in the investigation) and then allow this involvement io cloud his critical
faculties? Or, is his tecimical ability to analyze photographic evicence really that poor! Given
his then ongoing relationship with Ron Pandolfi of the CIA (and his admission to having briefed
intelligence officials on the case) one could speculate that Dr. Maccabe's public support for the
case might have been encouraged by his intelligence contacts. This would certainly have served
the CIA's interest in keeping serious investigation of the UFO phenomena out of the public
domam. It Is imporiant to note that Pandoli has stated to others that he considers Ed Walters to
be a "total fraud."
We submit that even if Dr. Maccabes is an honest proponent of the case on what he
considers to be its technical merit thai is is inappropriate for him to maintain any level of secret
relationship with the CIA given his siatus with the Fund for UFO Research and the level of
public (media) exposure he maintains in connection with this subject.
An Embarrassing Protégé
Dr. Maccabee also maintains a relationship with Robert Oechsler, a man whose motives in
the field are at best mercenary. He has at one point or another involved himself in virtually
every aspect of ufology. Mir. Oachsler has been variously described as a clown, a fraud and even
a con-man (in 1991 he attempted to involve several of his then friends in the UPO field in some
sort of bizarre pyramid scheme in which participants were to send him money via Federal
Express (so as to avoid federal laws govering mail fraud)-telling at least one associate that he
intended to make several hundred thousand dollars). Mir. Cochsier who represents himseli as a
former "NASA Mission Specialist" has paricipated with Dr. Maccabee in the photographic
analysis of the Gulf Breeze material.
Mr. Oechsler has also made a series of fantastic claims concerning his alleged discoveries
of various sectet government UFO related projects including an operational anti-gravity
chamber, sophisticated anti-alien defense installations, a wide-ranging program to educate the
general public as to the reality of the UFO phenomenon and others too tedious to detail here.
These "discoveries" were published by Timothy Good in his book Alien Liaison in England and
more recently in Alien Contact here in the United States. It Is virtually certain that most i not all
of Mi. Oochsiers claims are fraudulent and he has intimated to Wall Andrus, International
Prector of the Mutual UFO Network, tat he labricated at leasi some oi the material.
Most recently Mr. Oechsler has been associated with the "Guardian" case (involving an
alleged UFO landing/crast in Ontario, Canada). It is immediately apparent to anyone who views
the Guardian film or reads the accompanying documents (which detail some sort of alliance
between evil aliens and the Red Chinese) that the case is a very poor quality hoax unworthy of
the average high school student here in the United States.
It could be argued that were there an official policy of ridicule and debunking that this is
precisely the quality of information that the responsible intelligence agencies would want to have
wide exposure. It would serve their interests to have opportunists such as Gechsier or sincere but
overly credulous individuals such as Linda Moulton Howe acting as the mass media's priocipal
contacts with this subject matter.
Dr. Maccabee has made at least one trip to Ontario to investigate the case. It is not Imown
whether any Fund for UFO Research monies were expended in this investigation. Mir. Cechsier
has made at least 5 trips to the area - again it is unknown whether Fund for UFO Research
monies have been expended.
Ine most important point here is not Orchsler's selling of this material to the television
shows Unsolved Mysteries and Sightings but Dr. Maccabee's clear support for the validity of the
case. Dr. Maccabee spoke in support of the authenticity of the Guardian video on at least one

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3476, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-11-
television program and before the large audience of a UPO conference in Silver Spring, MD.
ince again we are iorced to ask It DI. Maccabee's analyacal capabilities are really that poor
iven Dr. Maccabee's pasi UFO briefings at the CIA we (as taxpayers) hope that he will refrai
from subjecting hundreds of CIA personnel to a "Guardian" briefing. The picture of large
numbers of CIA employees expending many man-hours attempting to locate references to a Red
Chinese-alien connection is frightening.
Operation Right to Know
Uperation Kight to know is a relatively new UHO group seeking to end secrecy conceming
UFO information. They are attempting to gather public support for their objectives via direct
political action. This group organized a small but well run demonstration at the White House in
1992 and planned a much larger one for 1993 (also at the White House) to be held in
conjunction with the annual MUFON symposium being held in Richmond, VA. Members of the
Fund for UFO Research had strongly objecied to such a planned demonstration. It has been
reported that the Fund discouraged the MUFON organization from participating in the
demonstration. While the demonstration did take piace and was again well run, we can only
speculate on how much greater impact might have been achieved it there had been a much larger
turmout resulting from official MUFON encouragement. The objections raised (primarily by
fred Whiting) had ostensibly been on philosophical grounds. But given Dr. Maccabee's
relationship with the ClA, the actual reasons for this opposition are in question.
Clear & Present Danger
Perhaps the single most troublug episode involving Di. Maccabee's conmection with the
Cia was his removal of his long time inend Larry Bryant from the Fund for UFO Research.
Larry Bryant, another of the Fund's founders, was present at a meeting when Maccabee revealed
that he had obtained FBIS (Foreign Broadcast information Service) translañons from the CIA,
and subsequently submitted a FOLA equest to the Agency for other UFO-related FBIS reports.
For some reason, bryant's requesi angered the Cia, and Maccabee was scolded by Pandoli, who
stated that Bryant's action "could jeopardize the Fund's relatlonship with the CIA." Shortly,
Bryant received a "Dear Mr. Bryant" letter from Maccabee terminating Bryant's membership in
Sadly, this appears to be yet another example of Maccabee valuing his relationship with the
CIA more than he values the friendship and services of a long-time associate like Larry Bryani, &
nan whose credentials as an anti-secrecy activist have been established over 35 years o
ledication to the cause, often at greai peril and ezpense to himsel
Maceabee Disinforms FUFOR
Apparently at the same time Maccabee was making great eiort to briel members of the CLA
oz various UFO matters, he did not feel the need to extend the same courtesy to the other
members of the Fund for UFO Research. The results of a cursory poll of other members of the
und regarding Maccabee's intelligence contacis indicate that none of the otner fund member
were fully aware of his dealings with Pandolfi. Some of the members knew he had mad
overtures to the CIA and others were vaguely aware of contacts and briefings but none were
aware of the full exteni of these contacis.
When Maccabee's activities with the CIA were brought to the attention of Richard Hall, the
Fund's newly elected chairman, Hall said that he and a couple of other Executive Committee

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-12-
members had atiempted to discourage Maccabee's overtures to the CIA. Hall agreed that
Maccabee's CIA connections would create the appearance of impropriety and were an obvious
onflict of interest. Hall also said that he was equally perplexed by some of the UFO cases that
Viaccabee had promoted such as Gulf Breeze and the "Guardian" casa
Hall said that Maccabee's views no longer represented the views of the ruling body of the
Fund and indicated that he would take steps to sever ties between the Fund and the U.S.
Intelligence community.
In Summary
Apparently all Maccabee has gotten for 14 years of cooperation with the CIA is a handful of
FBIS translations of Soviet news accounts of Russian UFO sightings. These same reports were
evidently leaked to the U.S. news media by the CIA, perhaps in an effort to embarrass the
Soviets.
The same type and quality of information can be had by simply monitoring CNN. The
actual FBIS translations are available by region through the National Technical Information
Service for several hundred dollars annual subscription fee, no spacial access is required.
We submit that it is improper for Dr. Maccabee either as an individual or as a representative
of the Fuad for UFO Research to maintain any manner of clandestine relationship with the
Central Intelligence Agency. It is improper for the Fund to portray a contentious image
concerning past and present secrecy surrounding government UFO information while Dr.
Maccabee has this ongoing secret dialogue with CIA employees. i is improper for the fund to
solicit evidence of goverment UFO cover-up and invite people to come forward with proposals
to investigate such matters while one of the Fund's top officials is briefing CIA officials on the
latest developments. How can the funa be trusted to protect the proprietary interests or privacy
of those seeking to compel CIA disclosures when lis mosi imporiani member 1s in regular
contact with employees of the Directorate of Science & Technology, CIA? We call upon other
responsible members of the Fund for UFO Research to take appropriate action.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1820, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE PLAYERS
Naval Surace Magons Conles
6962 Eye sale, Min Drive
(301) 271-2307
Roland "Ron" Pandolfi
Directorate of Science & Technology
(103) 874-0354 (office pri fars to rence no relati calls al work)
824 Constellation Drive
Great Falls, VA
(703)759-7109
Christopher C. "Kit" Green
1409 Cedar Bond Drive
Bloomfield Hills, MI 48013
(313) 986-1738 (swork)
The Fund for UFO Rescarch
P.O. Box 277
Mount Rainier, MD 20712
Associated Investigators Group
Associated Investigators Group is dedicated to searching out the truth about a variely of
pease is soberoil deseries are interested seria UFOs, then communicating
Several associates have substaotial experience as professional investigators, ciller with the
government or in related civilian fields. None are currently affiliated with any govemment
agency in any way, and they are totally independent of any other group or particular point of
by petites play beatin ley will egma preitca wie mimic of confidential y
investigations are completed.
For the most part, this report is based upon interviews or discussions with the subjects
named herein, and have been stated as accurately, candidly and forthrigutly as possiblé. If tere
ard any errors, which is unlikely, they are probably the result of misreprosentations by the
In future issues we intend to report on the following:
CRASHED SAUCERS
MIND CONTROL
CIA UFO PROJECTS
We hope you 11 continue to allow us to move forward and not waste your time or energy
people inho may or ay nir be avoies by attempting to gues our identities or by bothering
ASSOCIATED INVESTIGATORS GROUP
Director of Operations
Dr. Christopher Syn
Roger Thorike, Senior Thestigator
Consuliants
Alonzo Cushing
Sir. Edmund Hasty
John Taine, Ph.D.
Bruno Zimmerman
Major (re) Max Wax
Threwse Daniels
Stacy Rockson
Legal Adrisor
David Mantell, Esg.
