{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T03:49:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4121992, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124214-clifford-stone-letter-june-6-1989-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c89d3a10fc311ad6403881d5129119b7d01a3f8a78afd3ed35fe1b2f80e49aa"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2463, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 6, 1989
I am a soldier in the United States Army who happens to
have an interest in the UFO Phenomenon.
This interest is
as a private citizen. My research is conducted on my own
time and at my own expense. However, I have found that a
servicemember must fight for his/her right to have an
interest in anything that the servicemember's superior
officers feel may create an embarrassment to command or the
military. Although it may appear that the servicemember
has
been
totally vindicated, this is not always the case,
as in my case.
Those individuals who have followed the events that have
happened to me, as a result of my out-spokeness on UFO's,
are aware that the Commander, United States Army Fourth
ROTC Region (Cdr, USA 4ROTCR), out of Fort Lewis,
Washington directed that a Commander's Inquiry be conducted
into the background leading to my Relief For Cause Enlisted
Evaluation Report (RFC/EER). What they were not aware of
is that this was done not as a result of my Inspector
General's (IG) Complaint, but after the Car, USA 4ROTCR had
directed and completed a 15-6 Investigation concerning the,
"Climate of Command" within my unit.
You see I was not the
only one being maltreated by my command, but the IG did not
did want to discuss this issue.
I was told that this was
my complaint and it did not involve anyone else.
As a
result of this investigation, the 3 ranking officers in my
unit were relieved of duty, I was reinstated in my job, and
the Commander's Inquiry, concerning my REC/EER was directed.
Although the Commanding General recommended that the
RFC/EER be removed from my records, the Department of the
Army replied that it would have to remain in my records.
Should I wish it to be removed, I could appeal the
RFC/EER. If after a General Officer, having conducted an
inquiry into a matter, states something is unjust and
unfair, and the Army still feels it is necessary for the
servicemember to appeal that matter, I would suggest that
the Army was being unfair to the servicemember, as well as
lacking justice.
However, I did not expect anything less
from the Department of the Army as I feel this entire
matter has resulted in ending my military career. I do not
believe I will ever be promoted or be permitted to remain
on active duty beyond reaching the 24 year mark. I feel
this is directly related to my standing up for what I
believe to be right and fighting an injustice.
The Department of the Army Inspector General's (DAIG)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2693, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
findings on my complaint were at best watered down so as to
not give the impression that I was maltreated or that my
rights had been violated by my chain of command, thereby
embarrassing the Army.
Let me list some examples from the
three page letter that the DAIG's Office sent to me in
response to my complaint:
1.
"Our inquiry determined the ROTC Department at the
New Mexico Military Academy (Institute) had a policy letter
which stated 'No cadre member will contact any senior
member of higher headquarters on any subject or for any
reason without consulting the XO and PMS. This includes
persons or agencies outside the ROTC chain of command. The
military chain of command will be used at all times.'
A
legal review, requested by the 4th ROTC Region Inspector
General, established the policy letter inhibited exercise
Subsequent to the opinion, the
Commander, Fourth ROTC Region, directed the policy letter
be rescinded."
REBUTTAL: What the DAIG's Office overlooked was
that the original
unit policy letter, dated October 6,
1987, which stated, "No cadre member will contact any
senior member of higher military headquarters on any
subject or for any reason without first consulting and
getting the permission of the XO or PMS."
This policy
letter was changed to the above (item 1) on January 13,
1988 after I informed the Professor
of Military Science
that the Staff Judge Advocate at White Sands Missile Range
had informed me that the policy letter was illegal and that
I should go to the IG about the matter. After the policy
letter was changed to read as in item 1, I informed both
the 4th Region and Department of Army IG Offices that I
felt this letter too was illegal.
It should be noted here that I did not have a right to talk
to a military lawyer as my action was considered to be an
administrative action. However, before my oppressors
answered my IG Complaint, they
had their responses reviewed
by a Lieutenant Colonel Carroll of the Staff Judge
Advocate's Office at Fort Bliss, Texas.
Please note that
the ones I was complainting about could have legal counsel
while I was denied legal counsel by regulation. This is
called a fair and equal system.
This is military justice.
2. "The inquiry also determined that the Department
Executive Officer criticized you after you received a
telephone call during duty hours from a congressional
staffer who was responding to your inquiry on UFO's.
established, however, you were criticized not because of
your contact with a congressional staffer, but because you
had been told to confine your interest in
UFO's to non-duty
time."
REBUTTAL:
Both Lieutenant Colonel Scullary and
Major Flachsbarth made reference to the telephone call I

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2694, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
received from the congressional staffer in their
responses
to my IG Complaint.
This was the only item mentioned in
their responses dealing with my UFO related
activities
during duty time.
First, the call had nothing to do with
UFO's. Secondly, the congressional staffer called me. I
did not call her. Does this mean that it is a violation of
Army Regulations for a servicemember to receive a telephone
member of Congress or a member of the
Congressman's staff? If so, should not the military make
congressional members aware of this so they will not cause
undue hardship on the people they represent. Better still,
should not the military make their personnel aware of this
reguirement if it exist?
3.
"We could neither substantiate nor refute your
allegation that you were being pressured to retire. Both
Lieutenant Colonel Scullary and Major Flachsbarth denied
pressuring you to submit your retirement papers. The
documentation you provided as identifying you and several
other noncommissioned officers for retirement was prepared
by Lieutenant Colonel Scullary and Major Flachsbarth.
It
was merely a projection of when the individuals became
retirement eligible."
REBUTTAL: The document referred to in the DAIG's
letter has a subject line entitled, "Personnel
Replacements."
requisitions
Also, the document
started out, "Request
be submitted to replace the following
personnel who are projected to depart during or at the end
of SY (School Year) 87-88. " I was the only one "projected"
to retire.
The others were either due change of duty
station (PCS) or getting out of the Army (ETS).
The DAIG chose not to address the hand written memo dated
June 21, 1987, from LTC Scullary to MAJ Flachsbarth which
stated, "MAJ F, I though you'd like me to save this for
When does SFC Stone hit the 20 yr (retirement
eligible) Mark?
LTC S."
This note was attached to a
newspaper article dealing with my interest in UFO research.
The DAIG chose not to address the minutes of the August 3,
1987, Staff Meeting at New Mexico Military Institute which
contained the following from LTC Scullary, "The Military
Science Department will be replacing all NCO's this year."
The DAIG chose not to address the medical and psychological
referrals that were forced upon me and their results (i.e.
"It would appear that command may have overreacted to
newspaper article after patient interviewed by reporter, an
'embarrassment' to command.").
4.
"Our inquiry substantiated your allegation that
your interest in UFO's was a consideration in the chain of
command trying to get you to retire.
Interviews with
members of the ROTC Detachment cadre indicate the UFO issue
was blown out of proportion by the chain of command.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2642, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Additionally, Major Flachsbarth's statement in the October
27, 1987, Memorandum For Record adds credibility to the
preception that the chain of command was overly concerned
over your interest in UFO's."
REBUTTAL: This would appear to be in conflict
with the statement made in the DAIG's letter as referred to
in item 3 above.
However, the DAIG informed me early in
their "investigation" of my complaint that they would
decide who and who not to talk to.
As a matter of fact the
DAIG decided to talk to other members of my ROTC Detachment
only after they were made aware that the detachment was
under a 15-6 Investigation concerning the unit's, "Climate
of Command." The DAIG did not want to get caught up in the
15-6 Investigation.
The DAIG was handling my complaint
Irom 2,000 or more miles away and refused to send an
investigator to the unit to investigate my complaint. Had
the DAIG sent an investigator, there would have been no
need for a 15-6 investigation
as the DAIG Investigator
would have seen first hand what was going on in the unit
and hopfully would have resolved the problems.
However,
with the 15-6 Investigation going on and the DAIG's Office
dragging their feet on my complaint for over 4 months, this
could really create
an embarrassment to the DAIG's Office.
Especially if the 15-6 Investigators were to come to
different conclusions than those of the DAIG's Office
(which they did).
5.
"In regard to your Evaluation Report, if you feel
it is unjust or improper, your only recourse
is to appeal
the report."
REBUTTAL: Apparently the Commanding General,
Fourth ROTC Region, as well as the investigating officer
for the Commander's Inquiry, felt that the RFC/EER was
unjust as attested to by their statements. If the Army
cannot remove this REC/EER from my records based upon the
evidence, they cannot say this is a fair and just system.
6.
"We did not substantiate your allegation that your
Enlisted Evaluation Report was doctored, Our inquiry
determined that after you signed the report, there were
administrative changes made to comply with the regulation."
REBUTTAL:
Remember, the DAIG's Office refused to
send an investigator to the unit to investigate my
complaint.
Colonel Lanny Standridge was not only the
investigating officer for the 15-6 investigation, but also
the officer assigned to do the Commander's Inquiry
concerning my RFC/EER. He did visit the unit during his
investigations.
Colonel Standridge states in his 7 page report, "A close
examination of the forms, in addition to SFC Stone's
testmony by phone, indicates tampering, back-dating, and
after-the-fact revisions that raise questions regarding the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2658, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
credibility of the record that is supposed to document his
sudden spate of inefficiency."
Colonel Standridge further stated in his report, "The EER's
for the period 8702 thru 8710/8801 appear to be
singularly unique example of administrative mishandling.
There are compelling indications of ex post facto changes
in the report apparently in an effort to cover up
significant administrative flaws and hide the fact the
first report was submitted late.
In fact, the difficult
investigative reconstruction of events, based on individual
MRF's, strongly
suggests that action
against SFC Stone was
not originally intended as a 'relief' but merely as a means
to conveniently and quickly eliminate him as an
'embarrassment'."
There were 5 version of this EER. On March 1, 1988 I was
told by Major Flachsbarth that Fourth Region had directed
her to have me back-date the EER to October, 1987.
stated I would sign the EER but I would not
backdate it.
As a result of my refusal to back-date the EER, Fourth
Region Personnel, decided to take the second version of the
EER and make it appear that I was relieved in January, 1988
TO COVER UP THE FACT THAT THE EER WAS LATE AS WELL AS THE
FACT THEY (4TH REGION PERSONNEL) WERE NOW DIRECTING THE
TYPE OF
EER I WAS TO RECEIVE (BE IT AN ANNUAL OR RELIEF FOR
I have taken a stand concerning this issue. I will fight
this issue from now til Hell freezes over.
No retreat.
surrender.
What happened to me and the way it was handled
by the Department of the Army Inspector General's Office
was wrong.
In my opinion, the DAIG's Office was more
concerned
about this incident becoming an embarrassment to
command then it was about justice or correcting any wrongs
done the servicemember.
To be sure in matters like this,
the DAIG would appear to be more the commander's advisor
(at the soldier's expense) then a fair complaint system for
the enlisted soldier.
I can't help but wonder how many
other soldiers have been abused by this attitude of
indifference displayed by the DAIG's Office as in my case.
I ask you to please make a full inquiry into this matter on
my behalf. Demand a full accounting of the DAIG's actions
and inquire as to how they plan to deal with future
complaints to insure fair treatment of the soldier as
opposed to covering up the facts so the might find in favor
of the command at the expense of the enlisted soldier.
Enlisted soldiers are not just numbers, they too are human
and should be treated fairly.
As I would die for the principals that make this nation of
our's great, so shall I fight injustice of this kind, to
preserve those same principals.
I will continue to file "Freedom of Information Act"

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 883, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.....
requests, write members of Congress, and write articles on
UFO's based upon open information that I obtain or have
already obtained from the above actions. I do believe the
American Intelligence Community is hiding the truth and the
facts concerning UFO's from the American Public.
never breach security to prove this point. However, if the
United States Army does not wish for me to continue my
interest in UFO's, then Sir, they need to tell me this.
Unlike the so-called Intelligence Agents code named Condor
and Falcon, I make no effort to hide my identity, my
interest in UFO's or the fact I am in the United
Also, I
always make it known that my interest in the
UFO
Phenomenon is personal and has nothing to do with my
military duties.
The only way my interest in UFO's wili
become a military issue is if the United States Army wishes
to make it such.
remain respectfully,
