{"created_utc": "2026-08-09T22:32:54Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4859121, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124241-ufos-let-the-evidence-speak-clifford-stone.pdf", "source_sha256": "b93e641a126b1426aa505580e5eac3ec7092677f5f26e55c16e637811650b77c"}

.F.                              UFo,-.
 I 1. "1'IIL EVIDENCE SPEAK FOR ITSELF
                                                           BY
                                CLIFFORD F. STONE


       CONFIDENTIAL                              SECRET
                                                         WI.ACCARN.[r

           M   CLATW


       CONFIDENTIAL                              SECRET


                                  K,.,.....,....., I...., , -                         i---. r.-
                                                                                                  -

                                              ~G~tE S 8/4
                                              1.s4M1C ➢4a/ ACilu.Is CI 1JlD.IfM0 na 111[
                                                 ,—I KSC*II[C IN 1r/UGWs.II.CTI\IC


                                                 .O IO OIOK pRItLLnr in rnrn7U.l
                                     M 111L IIlIMM


                                                        f1l7-1ClI11111111lilil


WARNING! this book contain U.S. Government records pertaining to the phenomena,
commonly known as Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO'S). These records were once classified in
the interest of national security. If this book does nothing more than to make the reader wonder
what other records the U.S. Government still hides away from the American Public, pertaining
to UFO's, still classified in the interest of national security, it will have served its purpose.
UFO's:   LET THE EVIDENCE SPEAR FOR ITSELF

                   By

            CLIFFORD E. STONE


                                             I


 Copyright (c) 1991 by Clifford E. Stone
                                                S


                          Contents


Acknowledgments


Foreword


CHAPTER ONE

UFO's, The Beginning


CHAPTER TWO

UFO's And National Security


CHAPTER THREE

UFO's And Advanced Technology


CHAPTER FOUR

Snowbird; Government Disinformation Or Fraud2


CHAPTER FIVE

UFO's and Other Government Agencies


CHAPTER SIX

Recovery Operations


Epilogue
                       Acknowledgments


     In doing the research for this book, my military chain

of command became aware of my interest and activities

involving UFO's.   As a result, some members of my chain of

comand attempted to force my retirement from military

service, as one report put it, "through (the) use of

pressure, intimidation, or insinuation."   My command

ordered me to undergo a mental health evaluation at Fort

Bliss, Texas because I was writing Freedom of Information

Act Requests concerning UFO's and talking to the media.     My

diagnosis was based upon interviews and testing, and

reflected that I was, "fully alert and oriented.   Thinking

was clear and conherently expressed.   No psychotic

processes noted...Memory intact...(my) mental status was

found to be within normal limits.   Problems appear to be

related to situational stress manifested by interpersonal

and occupational difficulties."   The report further stated,

"It appears the command may have overreacted to the

newspaper article on UFO's (after patient interviewed by

reporter), an 'embarrassment' to command."   Much more went

on, to include the involvement of the Department of Army

Inspector General's Office.   However, in the final

analysis, I was cleared of any wrong doing, re-instated in

my job, and chose to remain on active duty with the United

States Army.
Three members of my command were relieved of duty and

reassigned for, among other things, their part in trying to

force my retirement.   I retired from the U.S. Army in

January 1990.   However, this was my decision and retirement

was not forced upon me.


     With everything that was happening to me, I could have

easily ended up getting out of the Army and probably would

never have written this book.   However, with the support of

many friends and family members, I was able to overcome all

the hardships put before me.


     I wish to express my love and appreciation to my

loving wife, Hanh and my children, George, Julia, Robert,

and John who stood beside me and were willing to undergo

any hardship, no matter what the cost, to fight the actions

taken by members of my military chain of command against me.


     I wish to express my thanks to Ralph Heick who stood

beside me in my time of need and supported me as a true

friend and companion in my darkest hour.


     Also, I wish to express my appreciation to Major Earl

A. Peterson, Captain Kenneth C. Ross, and Captain Michael

V. Jernigan for their support, at the risk of their

careers, in defending my right as a servicemember to

express my personal viewpoints as a private citizen.
    I would especially like to express my appreciation to

Larry W. Bryant of CADS, whose support gave me the courage

and fighting spirit to fight back and write this book.


    While there exist many others who supported me, too

many to name here, I wish to express my thanks to them also.


                                                               I
                             Foreword


        In the summer of 1957, I saw a flying saucer close

up.     Although I was only seven at the time, I know what I

saw and nobody can tell me otherwise.     I was within a

hundred and fifty feet of the object and I heard the sound

the object was making, which first drew my attention to

it.     This sighting had such an impact on me that to this

day I wonder back to that summer day and the object I saw.


        The object was a round, white opaque object.   It had a

inner and outer ring, with the inner ring rotating

clockwise and the outer ring rotating counter clockwise.

The object made a, whirling sound as it passed overhead,

against a clear blue sky.


      As a child, I had an interest in UFO's as a direct

result of my sighting.    I wanted to know if other people

had seen the same or similar object as I had seen.


      With the closing of the Air Force's Project Blue Book

and their conclusion that UFO's did not exist, I continued

my search for an answer to what I saw on that summer day in

1957.    What I saw was real and I could not help but wonder

if the U.S. Government was covering something up.      The

question was, what?
    In 1974, the Congress of the United Staes passed, "The

Freedom of Information Act" making many government records

ability to the public for the first time.   As a result of

the passing of this law by Congress, UFO researchers were

able to prove that other government agencies did in fact

have an active interest in UFO's and that much of that

interest was classified in the interest of national

security.


     When I decided to write this book, I thought hard
                                                                   I
about its approach.   I decided that the only approach was

to use the available U.S. Government documents, that have

been released on the subject.


     Every incident reviewed in this book is taken directly

from the official U.S. Government records that have been

released.   Each chapter of this book contains the documents

on every incident reviewed, with the exception of Chapter

One due to much of that information has yet to be

released.   However, those documents that were available are

presented at the end of Chapter One.
                                                               I

I did this so the reader will not have to take my word that

what I say or quote from these documents to be true.   The

reader may read the documents, as they were released to me,

at the end of each chapter and make their own decision.


     I do not believe the U.S. Government has been telling


                                                               I
the truth about UFO's to the public and I feel that this

book best explains. why I feel this way.   However, I do not

wish for the reader to take my word at what I say.    Read

the book then you, the reader, decide for yourself.


     There has never been a scientific study of

Unidentified Flying Objects.   During the Condon study, the

documents contained in this book were withheld from Dr.

Condon, as they were classified and he was not considered

to have a strict need-to-know.   If Dr. Condon had been

aware of the existence of these documents, his conclusions

might have been different.


                                    Clifford E. Stone
                          CHAPTER 1


                     UFO's, The Beginning


     On June 24, 1947, a civilian pilot, flying over the

Cascade Mountains in Washington State, sighted nine

disc-shaped craft flying in formation at a high rate of

speed.   Thus began the modern era of flying saucers.   For

the next 22 years, the United States Air Force would study

flying saucer reports.   Later, the Air Force would change

the term "flying saucer" to "Unidentified Flying Object

(UFO)" as a more appropriate definition of the phenomena.

These studies were to be conducted under such names as

Project Sign, Project Grudge and ended with Project Blue

Book.


     On December 17, 1969, the Secretary of the Air Force

announced the termination of Project Blue Book, the Air

Force's program for investigating Unidentified Flying

Objects (UFO's).


     The decision to discontinue UFO investigations was

based on an evaluation of a report prepared by the

University of Colorado entitled, "Scientific Study of

Unidentified Flying Objects", a review of the University of

Colorado's report by the National Academy of Sciences, past

UFO studies, and the Air Force's two decades of experience
investigating UFO reports.


     As a result of these investigations and studies, and

experience gained from investigating UFO reports since

1948, the conclusions of Project Blue Book were: (1) no UFO

reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has

ever given any indication of threat to our national

security, (2) there has been no evidence submitted to or

discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as

"unidentified" represented technological developments or

principles beyond the range of present day scientific

knowledge, and (3) there has been no evidence indicating

that sightings categorized as "unidentified" are

extraterrestrial vehicles.


     In 1977, President Carter asked the National

Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) to look into

the possibility of resuming UFO investigations.    After

alleging to have studied all the facts available, NASA

decided that nothing would be gained by further

investigation.   The Air Force agreed with that decision

stating that if firm evidence was found justifying further

investigation, an appropriate agency would be directed to

undertake the effort.


     With the termination of Project Blue Book, the Air

Force regulation establishing and controlling the program

for investigating and analyzing UFO's was rescinded.    All
documentation regarding the former Blue Book investigation

was permantly transferred to the National Archives and

Records Service in Washington, D.C. and is available for

public review and analysis.


     The termination of Project Blue Book, if we are to

believe the conclusions of Project Blue Book, should have

ended the U.S. Government's involvement and interest in

UFO's.   But did it?


     For now we will limit our analysis to the Air Force

conclusions which brought to an end the U.S. Government's

"official" UFO investigative program, Project Blue Book.

For the purpose of this analysis I will limit my comments

and references only to documents known to have existed

prior to the closure of Project Blue Book in 1969.


     The United States Air Force concluded that, "(1) No

UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force

has ever given any indication of threat to our national

security."    If a unknown flying object violates our air

space then a potential (and I must stress potential) threat

to our security does in fact exist.


     Now we will look at some of the early government

documents to see what they say about the Air Force's first

conclusion.
     In 1948, the Office of Naval Intelligence and the

Directorate of Intelligence, Headquarters United States Air

Force did a joint study of the UFO phenomena.     Air

Intelligence Report No. 100-203-79, entitled, ANALYSIS OF

FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U.S., dated 10 December

1948, was the end result of that study.    It concluded:

"Since the Air Force is responsible for control of the air

in the defense of the U.S. it is imperative that all other

agencies cooperate in confirming or denying the possibility

that these objects have a domestic origin.    Otherwise, if

it is firmly indicated that there is no domestic

explanation, the objects are a threat and warrant more

active efforts of identification and interception."


     "it must be accepted that some type of flying objects

have been observed, although their identification and

origin are not discernable.   In the interest of national

defense it would be unwise to overlook the possibility that

some of these objects may be of foreign origin."


     The above report was classified, "TOP SECRET."     Also

the Air Force did not intend for the American Public to

ever find out about this report.    The Air Force ordered its

destruction in a Memo, dated 25 September 1950.    The Memo

stated, "It is requested that action be taken to destroy

all copies of Top Secret Air Intelligence Report Number

100-203-79, subject - Analysis of Flying Object Incidents

in the U.S. - dated 10 Dec 1948."   Fortunately, the
document was somehow overlooked and never destroyed.

Through the diligent efforts of Mr. Robert Todd, the

document was located and declassified on 5 March 1985.


     On 26 July 1952, the Air Force issued orders to its

interceptors pilots to shoot down UFO's which refused to

land when ordered to do so.   This order was rescinded by

orders from the White House that same afternoon.


     Since 1954, Joint Army, Navy, Air Publication 146

(JANAP 146) has required pilots in flight and ships at sea

that observe UFO's to report them immediately as a matter

of vital national security interest.   This requirement

exists to this day.


     In the early morning hours of July 17, 1957 a U.S. Air

Force RB-47, equipped with electronic countermeasures (ECM

Equipment), was followed by a UFO for one and one half

hours, covering a distance of more than 700 miles. This

object was observed visually by the crew, tracked by ground

radar, and detected by the on board ECM equipment of the

RB-47.


     This case was brought to the attention of the Condon

Committee for its consideration in the so-called,

"Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects."   After

studying the case, the Condon Committee concluded, "If a

report of this incident, written either by the RB-47 crew
or the Wing Intelligence personnel, was submitted in 1957,

it apparently is no longer in existence.   Moving pictures

of radar scope displays and other data said to have been

recorded during the incident apparently never existed.

Evaluation of the experience must, therefore, rest entirely

on the recollection of the crew members, ten years after the

event.   These descriptions are not adequate to allow

identification of the phenomenon encountered."


     Thanks to the efforts of the late Dr. James E.

McDonald, several military records dealing with this case

were uncovered in the files of Air Force Intelligence.

This case and others like it, were never meant to be part

of the Blue Book Files.   These cases were classified as,

"Vital Intelligence Information," given a classified status

and forwarded, as routine procedure, to the National

Security Agency.


     On September 7, 1989 the paper file pertaining to four

other such cases, involving RB-47 aircraft, was released to

me by Air Force Intelligence.   This file, to include the

statements of the RB-47 crew members, may be viewed at the

end of this chapter.   However, the other evidence, known to

exist, remains classified by the National Security Agency

at the Top Secret/UMBRA Level to this very day.   Once

again, one can only wonder why.   If there is nothing to

UFO's.
     The Condon Committee was limited to the Blue Book

Files and not made aware of any other files, existing

within any other government agency.   They were limited to

only Secret material and not aware that much of the

information the U.S. Government has on UFO's is classified

at the Top Secret level and in many cases requires a

Special Access Clearance to be viewed.   Therefore, the

Condon Committee did not get to view the best and most

interesting UFO's cases to base their findings on.    To be

sure, all the Condon Committee received was those cases the

U.S. Government wanted the Committee to view.   Those cases

that would ensure a favorable conclusion; that is, from a

military point of view.


     Operations and Training Order issued by the Inspector

General of the Air Force dated, 24 December 1959, stated,

"Unidentified Flying Objects - sometime treated lightly by

the press and referred to as 'flying saucers' - must be

rapidly and accurately identified as serious Air Force

business in the ZI (Zone of the Interior)."


     A memo from General Carroll Bolender, USAF, dated 20

October 1969, states, "Reports of unidentified flying

objects which could affect national security are made in

accordance with JANAP 146 or Air Manual 55-11, and are not

part of the Blue Book System."   Does this mean that some

UFO reports (those involving matters of national security)

were never part of the Project Blue Book Files and were
never meant to be?


     The Air Force's second conclusion was, "There has been

no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force

that sightings categorized as      unidentified' represent

technological developments or principles beyond the range

of present day scientific knowledge."


     Once again we must go to Air Intelligence Report No.

100-203-79 which states, "It is evident from the

performance characteristics attributed to the unidentified

objects at this time that if they are foreign, they involve

efficiencies of performance which have not been realized in

any operational airborne device in this country.     It would,

therefore, be a mistake to analyze the technical aspects of

the situation within the limits of our own knowledge of

practical developments."


     The once, Top Secret memo dated, 21 November 1950,

from a Mr. Wilbert B. Smith, a Canadian Government UFO

Researcher, to the Controller of Telecommunications states,

"I made discreet enquiries through the Canadian Embassy

staff in Washington who   were   able to obtain for me the

following information: (a) The matter is the most highly

classified subject in the United States Government, rating

higher even that the H-Bomb.     (b) Flying saucers exist.

(c) Their modus operandi is unknown but concentrated effort

is being made by a small group headed by Doctor Vannevar
Bush.    (d) The entire matter is considered by the United

States authorities to be of tremendous significance."


     The third and final conclusion reached by the Air

Force was, "There has been no evidence indicating that

sightings categorized as 'unidentified' are

extraterrestrial vehicles."


        In. July or August of 1948, the Air Technical

Intelligence Center published a Top Secret "Estimate of the

Situation."     The situation being UFO's.   The estimate being

they, the UFO's, were interplanetary.     The late General

Hoyt S. Vanerberg, then Chief of Staff, felt the report

lacked proof.     As a result, the report was later

declassified and immediately destroyed to insure that it

would not become public knowledge.     Why did the U.S. Air

Force feel that they had to declassify the report before

destroying it?     No such requirements existed then or now.

They could have destroyed it as a classified destruction

with no need for declassification.


    Project Magnet, a formerly classified 1952, Canadian

Government report on UFO's concluded, "it appears then,

that we are faced with a substantial probability of the

real existance of extra-terrestrial vehicles, regardless of

whether or not they fit into our scheme of things.      Such

vehicles of necessity must use a technology considerably in

advance of what we have.     It is therefore submitted that
the next step in this investigation should be a substantial

effort towards the acquisition of as much as possible of

this technology, which would without doubt be of great

value to us."


     The illustrations given in this chapter indicate that

while the U.S. Government was telling the general public

there was nothing to UFO's, behind the scene, they not only

believed UFO's were something real, they were also quite

concerned about UFO's presenting a matter of national

security.   After all the only justification the U.S.

Government can use for classifying material Secret and Top

Secret is national security.


     All the documents that we have discussed sofar have

been documents generated during the existence of the Air

Force Sponored UFO investigations.   Let us assume for the

moment that the U.S. Government believes the basic

"official" conclusions of the Air Force investigations.

Should it not stand to reason, that if the U.S. Government

is no longer interested in or doing any "official"

investigations into the matter of UFO's, that the

intelligence community would not collect intelligence field

(raw) data concerning UFO's?   Remember, the U.S. Government

stopped investigating UFO's in December 1969.   But, what if

the U.S. Government did not stop having an interest in

UFO's in 1969?   would the information the intelligence

community gathers on UFO's be classified in the interest of
national security?   If so, why?


    We shall see in the following chapters of this book

that the U.S. Government still has an interest in UFO's and

that most of the material the U.S. Government has collected

since 1969 is once again classified in the interest of

national security.   We will also see, from the information

that has been released, why UFO's present a potential

threat to our national security, as well as our national

defense.
     IN     _, GF          SI •N STUDY
 d
                       )
          ( DI/USAF -ONI
                                 2 61V
A
  YSI S OF FLYING OBJECT I NCI DINT8     -
z    IN THE UNITED STATES
• 1.                                                                     y4PPROVAL$ DISAPPROVAL                        ;:          •
          MEMO ROUTING SLIP                                cn            CE. OR SIMILAR ACTIONS ;• ';':: •'
       I NAME OR TITLE                                                                              CIR$ AATR'.


          ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION                                       DATE                   - COORDINATION

                                                                                                                               .
                                                                                    -
                                                                                                    fl U


 •1                                                                                                                I.~.:


                                                                           '                        t1rh1      .


                                                                     •                  .'          NOTE AND . .
                                                                                                     RETURN' -

      4                                                                                             SEE MR '


                                                                 .             •'                   SiONATURJ<.                .


  REI AR


   (~                                          4       1


                          23'                                                            c1'3                                          ili


                                                                                                                   .
      ••~/rJf.~           il l ~   ~


                                       •


  FROM NAME O4 TITLE                                                                         DATE                      ,


  ORGANIZITN'l')N AND ACATION              ~
                                                                rj        •.,                TFIEPFNkIE .                  .

                                                   ~

DD I              FORM
                     50   95       Replaces Di AGO
                                                       ~h~ ~°`u ,~aQ
                                   Air Intelligence Report No. 100-203-79,


                        ANALYSIS OF FLYING' OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE UIS.


                                  Air Intelligence. Division Study No.,• 203
                                      .   .± 10 December 1948.':.:

                        Directorate •of Intelligence and. Office .of Naval intelligence .


                                             DISTRIBUTION "C"


     WARNING: This document con+ahts Information affecting the national defense of the United States
     within the .meaning of the Espionage Act, 50 U.S.C., 31 and 32, as amended. Its transmission or
     the revelation of its contents In any manner to an _ unauthorized person is prohibited by law.
     Reproduction of the intelligence In this publication, under the provisions of Army Regulation
     280-5, is authorized . for United States military agencies provided the source        indicated.
                                                                                               is


         Directorate of Intelligence                                            Office of Naval Intelligence
     Headquarters United States Air Force                                             Navy Department

                                                Washington, D. C.

                                               VECLASSWIEO
                                                    /41=
                                           Auaiodry        HV1ZQl,D S7%, Pc
                                           a!


t.
               ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S.


                                       INDEX

                                                                                                         Page
SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS                                                                                   1

APPENDIX "A" - ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S.
                AND HYPOTHETICAL TACTICS EMPLOYED                                                         3

               Introduction                                                                               3
               Some Aspects Regarding Flying .Object Incidents •                                          3
               Possible Origin 'of'Unusuai Flying Objects . .                                             4
               Possible Reasons or Tactics for the Use of Soviet
                  Unconventional Aircraft Over the U. S.                                                  5
               Gtonclusion                                                                                5
APPENDIX "B" - REPORTED SIGHTINGS OF FLYING OBJECTS AS OF
                1 AUGUST 1648                                                                             7
APPENDIX "C" - SELECTED REPORTS _OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS                                               8

APPENDIX "D" - FLYING WING TYPE AIRCRAFT         .. .                                                    17
               Germany                                                                                   17
               Great Britain                                                                             21
               United Staten                                               ..                            23


                                                          ..       ._•:::!'.    .   i   .   .t!:,J::':        :ilk.


                                                         tom:
                        ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. S.


                                       SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS


                                                PROBLEM

    1. TO EXAMINE pattern 'of tactics of `•Flying Saucers" '(hereinafter referred to as flying objects)
    and to develop conclusions as to the possibility of existence. -


                                      FACTS AND DISCUSSION':, ;

    2. A DETALLED'discussion of information bearing on the problem as set forth above Is attached
    as Appendix "A". The main points estahtsghed therein are smnmarized below.

    3. THE FREQUENCY rof reported incidents, 'the :similarity in ,many of • the characteristics attributed
    to the observed objects and the quality of observers considered as.a •whole, support. the contention
    that some type of flying 'object has been observed.: Approximately 210 Incidents have been reported.
    Among•the observers reporting on such incidents are trained••and•experienced U.S. •Weather Bureau
    personnel, USAF rated .officers, 'experienced 'civilian pilots, technicians assohlated•with various re-
    search projects and technicians employed by commercial airlines.                 ;
    4, rut POSSIBILITY .that, reported observations of flying objects :over the U.S. were influenced.by
    previous sightings of unidentified phenomena in Europe, particularly over Scandinavia In 1946,' and
    that the.-observers reporting..such incidents may.have.been Interested In obtaining personal publicity
    have been considered as 'possible explanations. • .Bowever,: these.;possibllities seem to be improbable
    when certain selected reports such as the one from U.S: Weather Bureau at Richmond are.examlaed.
    During. 'observations of. weather:balloons at .the Richmond Bureau,. one .well trained observer has
    sighted strange metnitrr disks on three occasions and another observer has sighted a slmriarrobject
    on one occasion. The last observation of unidentified objects was in April, 1947. On all four occa-
    sions the weather balloon and the unidentified .objects were ,In ,view through the theodolite. These
    observations at the Richmond Bureau occurred several months before publicity on the .flying saucers
    appeared In a U.S. newspaper.                             '

    b. DESCRIPTIONS OF the flying objects•.fall into three :configuration categories: '(1) disk-shaped
    (2) rough cigar-shaped (3) balls of fire. Varying conditions of•vlsibility and dlfferenaes.lit angles
    at which the objects may have been viewed introduces a possibility that a single type object may
r   have been observed rather than three different types. 'This possibility Is further substantiated by
    the fact that in the areas where such objects have been observed the ratio of the three general
    configurations 1s•apprnrtmntely the same. ,,                   ..   .   .


                         .          Ci• - .
    6. THEREFORE,:IT appears that some objectthas been seen; however, the Sdentiflcatfon•af that
    object cannot the :ranjisly,•accomplished on•.the basis of Information reported on•each. incident. It
    is possible that the object, or objects, may have been domestically launched devices such as weather
    balloons, rockets, experimental flying wing aircraft, or celestial phenomena. It is necessary to
    obtain Information on such domestic activity to confirm or deny this :possibility. . Depending •upon
    the degree with which::this 'may be accomplished;,forelgn devices .must' then be considered as a
    possibility             r                            i^... <. .. :..2 .E' .t r:..,.. , . ....

    7. THE PATTERN of sightings is definable. Sightings have been -most intense throughout the states
    bordering the Atlantic and Pacific coast lines, and the central states of Ohio and Kentucky. A map
    showing location of sightings is attached as Appendix "B"
 8, THE ORIGIN of the devices Is not ascertainable. There are two reasonable possibilities:
 (1) The objects are domestic devices, and if so, their identtfication or origin can be established
by a survey of all launchings of airborne objects. .Domestic flying wing type aircraft observed
 in various aspects of flight might be responsible for some of the reported flying objects, particu-                 1
larly those described as disks and rough cigar shapes. (See Appendices "C" and "D".) Among
those which have been operational in recent years are the XF5U-1 ("Flying Flapjack") developed
 by Chance-Vaught, the Northrup B-35, and the turbo-jet powered Northrup YB-49. The present
existence of any privately developed flying-wing type aircraft has not been determined but one
such aircraft, the Amp tntlless monoplane, was operational at South Bend, Indiana, prior to 1935.
(2) Objects are foreign, and. If so, it would seem most logical to consider that they are from a
Soviet source. The Soviets possess information on a number of German flying-wing type aircraft
such as the Gotha -P80A, Junkers EF 130 long-range, high-speed jet bomber and .the Borten 229
twin-jet fighter, which particularly resembles some of the description of unidentified flying objects
(See Appendix "D"). - As early as 1924 Tscheranowsky developed a "Parabola" aircraft, an all
wing design, which was the outcome of considerable Soviet experimentation with gliders of the
same general form. Soviet aircraft based on such designs might have speeds approaching tran-
sonic speeds attributed to some flying objects or greater over-all performance assuming the
successful development of some unusual propulsion device such as atomic energy engine.

9. THAT THE Soviets have a current interest in flying-wing type aircraft is suggested by their
i,tiliznticn of Dr. Guenther Bock who, .at the end of World War II, was in charge• of 4he:flying-
wing program 3n Germany (See Appendix "A", paragraph 3, page 4). Acl4evements satisfactory
to the U.S.S.R. are indirectly indicated:ty-the personal recognition he is reported to be receiving
In the U.S.S.R. .Recently it has been reported that the U.S.S.R. is pinnntng to build a fleet.af,..... .
1,800 Horten flying-wing aircraft, .Information of low evaluation has been received stating. that a -
regiment of jet night fighters, Model Horten UJ1, Is at Kuzmikha, .an -air base two miles south--
west of Irlrntak ICuzmikha is identified as one cf a number of airfields for the protection of an
atomic energy plant at Irkutsk: The Horten fl as developed by Germany was .a glider.:' '

10. ASSUMING THAT the objects might eventually :be identified as foreign .or foreign-sponsored
devices, the possible reason for their -appearance over the U.S, requires consideration. Several .:
possible explanations appear 'noteworthy,    viz:                           .   .   •   •
                                                                                                            ..


    a.-'"To negate U.S. confidence in The 'atom bomb as 'the most advanced and decisive 'weapon i?'r
                                                                                              t..
    b.'• To perform photographic reconnaissance 'missions.
    c. To test U. S. air defenses.                  '

    d. --To- conduct tamllinrization flights over U:S: territory.                           .. '        •   t, : -

                 ..       .'
                           ,


                                          'CONCLUSIONS                -                                          .   1

11. SINCE the Air Force is responsible for control of the air Sn the defense of t e;VS:; -at Is . .
imperative that all other agencies cooperate In confirming or denying then possibility that these
objects have:a domestic origin:- 'Otherwise, if .it is firmly indicated that there "no-domestic .
                                                                                               -   is


explanation,. the- objects area threat and warrant more active efforts of identification andinter-
ception...                       .,                         _                                       .

12. 1T. MUST be accepted that :some .type of flying objects have been observed, .although their
identification and -origin are 'not -discernable. -.In•:the. Interest of national:defense:.lt:would be
unwise to overlook the possibility that some of these objects may be of foreign origin.                ;


                                           IOP._a-t     c


                                                            n*
                                                        -T» v g.{ e-R-C T


                                                          APPENDIX "A„


                                   ANALYSIS OF FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS IN THE U. 'S.

                                          AND HYPOTHETICAL TACTICS EMPLOYED


            1. INTRODUCTION. To formulate the possible tactics of flying objects reported over the 3. S.
            assumes from the outset that firm conclusions have been reached on .both the existence and origin
            of the reported-flying 'objects. The current status of information on such incidents and over-all
            analysis does not allow substantiation for such conclusions. However, the lack of such firm con-
            clusions points to the necessity for an immediate and sound statistical analysis of every aspect of
            the situation vnd does not preclude a concurrent e'ra+ninntion of the -reported 'incidents to develop
            exp)annttons 'of their possible tactics. The latter will be useful at some future date should the
            existence and origin of the flying objects be definitely established. Therefore, the 'following analy-
            sis of .available information is advanced' 'in order to present evidence on the actual existence of
            some type flying object and to relate -same to tactical purposes 'for which the objects are possibly
            designed:' The following discussion 'must -be considered a provisional analysis, pending a further
            detailed analysis of all aspects of the problem.

             2. SOME ASPECTS REGARDING FLYING OBJECT INCIDENTS.' A cursory examination of evidence
             on reported incidents has been made and it 1s possible to cite certain generalities which it appears
             may be 'borhe out when 'detailed analyses have been completed:.:

                    Among the Incidents 2eportedhthere an maw'stMements'by reliable and experienced persons
              which tend to confirm that flyingobjects have'been teen. -The -description of such objects seems
              to fall roughly into three•categories: " (1) Silver•'disks or balls; approz1mnth g a Horten -wing type
              aircraft; '-(2) Balis 'of 'fire •of' various "colors and -intensities; (3) Cigar or:pencil_Shaped•objects• '
              similar in appearance to'V=2'type rockets' In: horizontal flight: "The 'numbers of configurations
           "-might be further reduced with 'the following 'considerations • -In'mind: "Silver disks or' balls have,
              for the •greater part, 'been•observed in"daylight•and'a'number under clear weather conditionslwith
              visibility unlimited. 'In most 'instances,' balls of fire have been observed at night. Cigar, or
              pencil-shaped objects have been sighted in fewer numbers but with about''equal•distributtonln
              daylight 'and at night. A'few• adcounts'tell• of the disks'having •a' rough 'cigar-shape when viewed
• :f        'while 'maneuvering. 'some ^of••the disks'te described as•having luminosity 'In daylight. , .It there-
            'fore°is possible 'that <a single'type'of'object may-be involved In aWsightings, and differences -fn
             'description may •result."from  ; .r, •viewing'the -objects at various -angles and'under differing conditions'
       t
              of visibility:
                                    " f                .•.: ..              :.   '


                                                                                       h.::' . . . R. -


                  The above tends to indicate that some type object has been seen and .the possibility exists
            that the''bbject'or objects seen'sre' conventional domestic devices; •such°as weather `balloons; test
            rockets, or jet-equipped aircraft 'with'pancake'"or flying wing configurations:

                   The possibility exists that 'the reporting of flyhig objects may have been 'influenced by earlier
            reports' on similar incidents in Scandlnav+a'"and'Central Europe:" The' publication in•newspaper of
            details on:suchtcidents, both •foreign 'and domestic,'eniay have -Induced Some- 'of 'the 'description
            provided in reported'domesticineidentfi.""However,'ohe'of the earliest reported sightings'in'the
            U.sPwas"the one observed by'tLS. Weather"Bureau-personneI-in-.April 1947,'.at•Richmond, Virginia,
           s=and OhUthe basis of this 'one'repbrt'it appears -that the 'disks ':are not"balloons. It 'would seem-that
            this -sighting 'was not influenced 7by _'the 'reports 'of foreign • incidents, the newspaper accounts of
            domestic' incidents,-nor by misidentification of 'a conventional 'object.                         • `
           Although reported domestic incidents are widely scattered throughout the U.S., frequency of
     sighting and number of observers per sighting assumes a definable pattern. There Is a large con-
     centration of sightings along the Eastern Seaboard; another large concentration throughout the
     Western Coast states, and a few sightings in the Middle West. Distribution of incidents by con-
     figuration of object and description of maneuverability Is approximately equal In- each of these
     areas and this Is believed to further substantiate the possibility that one type of object might have
     been observed In different aspects of flight.                      -

           If sightings are induced by rumor, it seems unusual that more incidents have not been reported
     from the areas with high concentration of population:"1Zeportslrom such areas would also have
     greater, facility in channeling either to newspaper or official reporting agencies. For the most part,
     sightings have been made in fairly open country where there are few restrictions to visibility, which
     may indicate that obstructed vision has reduced -sightings in built-up areas.

           It therefore seems that some type of flying object .has been observed the identification           ot      .;.
     its origin requires the competion of other..analyses.                                 --
     3. POSSIBLE ORIGIN OF••.UIWSUAL FLYING OBJECTS. -.-provided,- upon the completion,of :analgln,
     it fs.3ndicated.#bat some or •a71 of the reported 1ftying objects ever,;the U.S..are,of foreign;pFigln,
     the objects could from a logical viewpoint, be considered Soviet. -It is evident`from the perform-
     ance characteristics ,attributedAo the.unldentified objects aat.this::time•that if they are fgreiga, they
     Involve efficiencies of ;performance which -have -not been realised in any operational.:airborne device
     in this .country. :,It would, •therefore,-;be a mistake -to analyze the.:tecbnical •.aspects of =the, situation
     within the'timiti of our own knowledge of practical ,developments.- It Is- -more desirable; totcopstder
     then the outer limits of possible Soviet developments, and objectives In attempting to formulate some
     idea of the tactics which might be involved.                                                 • ... ;
                                   ..
         _


                           .


                               r


              First•of an, the scientific objectives of--the U.S.S.R. :have been.atathi many Mmes andiadicated
       in many forms. The most clearcut statement of this objective is probably the one contained              in
                                                                                                                    the
      preamble to the Fourth, Five-year Plan (1946-1950) wbich states:ShAt,the objective of Soviet science
      is. to -overtake and:•surpass the: scientific and .technical developments: of the :capitalist ,nations.; i tyc
      apparently would;be an,impossible task for the, -Soviet Union to,accompBsh;smh an objective' by pro-
    - ceeding step-by-step'aloig:•the same lines .of -development already achieved ln-the capitalts -i,.,Lgns.
      This._,would,.mean that .41.-would -be -necessary :to.iapidly• proceed through'each:phase,of4aerpgautjgal
      development that has already been accomplished -In this-country, andGthis probably-would never have
      any ,prospects of.arcelsrat_Ing: Soviet development..beyond any:polnt reached by the:U.S. szThe,:obvious
      answer-to accomplish -their-.objective .of not •only overtaking,; but -surpassing the -cap tAtirzt countries
      woulhbe:a scientific shortcut. This possibility is.not'so'remote when nntnined on the.basis,Of,;
      our .knowledge •of4he,current.situation In the,,U.S.S.R.. Provided Sovietaemphasls was given..to              the:
      most:promising and.advaaced ideas ;acquired from •Germany;in-1945 hand .the, work -aided by;:Ger n
.     scientists, the -possibility, jot -catching up iandposslbly :surpassing other ;nations ; f.n :technical develop-
      ments: becomes :more 'teslistic.- Itrbecomes,even more ,realistir:If,.the:Soviets:-have ton             rntasdency
      to concentrate on certain developments which have still not received a maximum of prioritylSn,our
      own programs.

        , ,It is'dmown,that the JLLSS.-.has since4945 enlisted-the services.•cf Dr.. Quenther:Boc1j s ; ;
    German who headed all, development of low ..aspect aatto..(flying;rwing)•type aircraft in. Germgny:r
    Dr. Bock is believed to be the top German scientist in rhnrge at TSAGI and'TSfAM which are
    "ftlx,Materiel:•Commn.ir type .organizations ,in-the.U:S.&R.._...Further,: it•is:believed,1that,Dn-Bock
    has made; available •all.C3enmanplsns forfiying.wing-type aircraft to; the:8oviete,;.; Amogg,the;dj+-_
    signs considered ibrthe:Germens and. possibly, exploited by the ,U.S.S.R., are ,jet-propefed,.11yipg
    wing -type aircraft phose..00nfiguration'would•.be ci, nitnr•to descriptions-of ceriain-objettpi?te4t
    flying .over She •U.S. The restlmated+ speeds. •af: such aircraft are ;within range .o!•he:-lower; lima( ;
    of speed :attributed to;Slyiggpbjects,over rthe:U.S.•. It is not Impossible that•emphasis-on.;surpes4ng
    foreign developmenta has- led:to,tmusual progress.to fuels and propulsion by the U.S,$.R _ ,{Tncon-
    nection with possible advancements-4n the;field of fuels. and -propulsion, it: should be iobiervaij.4Jat:


                                                . sna±
    the Russian 'oil situation (regardless of estimated oil reserves) is quite different from that
                                                                                                 -in
                                                                                                      the
    U.S. For example, U.S.    oil
                                   industry is prepared to turn out tremendous quantities of highly frac-
    tionated.petroleum products, while the U.S.S.R. cannot reasonably approach such capabilities. This
    consideration dictates different solutions on fuels for propulsion In the two countries and in turn,
    dictates the direction taken In development of jet motors or the use of other propulsive devices.
    We must therefore, arrive at the conclusion that any Soviet device which may have made its
    appearance over the U.S. as described, would possess unusual performance characteristics which,
    In.aIi probability, would include unusual range. The possibility that they could have been launched
    at fairly close range should not be discarded.

     4. POSSIBLE REASONS OR TACTICS FOR THE USE OF SOVIET UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT
     OVE It 'flit U$ ' Predicated on all the toregoing assumptions, Soviet unconventional aircraft may
    have been flown over the U.S. for one, all, or a combination of the following reasons:
        a. TO NEGATE U.S. CONFIDENCE IN ATOMBOMB AS THE MOST ADVANCED AND DECISIVE •
    WEAPON. 'if the objects• have been used in a propaganda sense, it wouidhe reasonable to assume
    that the Soviets would choose first to frighten pro-American nations In Europe with the appearance
     of a radically new weapon to counteract the ability of the U.S. to obtain full propaganda effective-
     ness with the atom bomb. It will be remembered that strange objects first appeared over the
     Senudhutvian countries in 1946. The objects observed there had unusual range and unusual per-
    formance characteristics. As this demonstration over the Scnndinnvian countries occurred the
    U.S. was mnktne a vigorous campaign for the :economic and political alignment of these nations
    with other pro-American Western European nations. When these incidents subsided, strange flying
    objects began to be observed at an lncrencine rate over the U.S. The conclusion on this point Is
    that flying objects may have been used to frighten both European nations and the U.S. by the appear-
    ance of a new device, and that failure to identify such 'a Soviet object would give them invaluable
    Inciiention that U.S. development is far behind that of the Soviets. Except for this indication, it is
    believed that the use of the objects to promote fear has been worthless in that the U.S. public has
    tended to characterize these incidents o


                                              tirely as hallucinations by "crack pots", misidentification
    of conventional objects, or that they represent a secret American project which should not be pub-
    licized. Any fear that might result from Soviet use. will come only by a discovery that the objects
    have been Soviet aircraft and that they involve radical developments which are In advance of our
    own accomplishments.

       b. FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC RECONNAISSANCE. It is possible that the Soviets have employed the
    flying objects for the collection of photographic intelligence or the mapping of certain areas In the
    U.S. The evasive action employed by all objects sighted indicates not so much an attempt to avoid
    being sighted, as an attempt to prevent disclosure of the exact type of flying craft and its mt aion.
    The sighting of objects over the U.S. has been most Intense In Eastern and Western Coastal States.
    In addition, sightings of flying objects have been made near Oak Ridge, Tenn., Las Cruces, N. M.,
    and In the general area of the Hanford Works   in
                                                         Oregon. Generally, sightings have not been made
    over what we consider strategic Industrial areas. The reason for this might be either that the
    flying objects have been observed only enroute to or from missions over these more concentrated
r   strategic areas, or that the Soviets obtained sufficient Information during their World War B liaison
    with U.S. industry to satisfy their Intelligence requirements and have a more active requirement
    for information on Industries and areas which were not available to them during World War U con-
    tacts. This is of interest In connection with the sightings near Oak••Ridge,-Las Cruces, and in the
    general area of the Hanford Works since these establishments were not, and are not, accessible to
    Soviet collectors of photographic intelligence.

       c. TEST OF U. S. DEFENSES. It is possible that the use of Soviet flying objects over the U.S.
    Is intended only to determine the ability of the U.S. defenses to spot foreign aircraft. This would
    be of extreme importance to the U.S.S.R. In the event that a one-way all-out attack of Soviet strate-
    gic bombers is planned. Ability to operate over the U.S. uninhibited at a time when the U. S. Is
    supposedly re-arming and putting great stress on defenses would provide valuable information on
    which to base estimates for probability of success in bombing strategic objectives 'in
                                                                                            the U. S.
   d. FAMILIARIZATION FLIGHTS OVER U.S. TERRITORY. This possible reason is perhaps the
most Improbable. It is assumed that, should this purpose be involved, other purposes are prob-
ably Also accomplished .in its execution. Provided the U.S.S.R. has unusually high performance
aircraft they might. find it advantageous to familiarize themselves with the topography of the U.S.
In anticipation of future combat missions to strategic targets.

5. CONCLUSION. The conclusion that some type of flying object has been observed over the U.S.
seems to be substantiated. It is not known at this time whether these observations are misidentifl-
cations of domestically launched devices, natural phenomena, or foreign unconventional aircraft. It
is, therefore, impossible to make any reliable explanation for their appearance over the U.S. or the
tactics which they may employ if the objects observed include any foreign developments in aero-
nautical fields. It is likewise impossible at this time to contain discussions of. possible perform-
ance characteristics or tactics within limits of practical reason, if for no other reason than the
fact that proof of the existence of a foreign development of this type would necessarily . introduce
considerations of new principals and means not yet considered practical possibilities in our own
research and development.


 6
                                       APPENDIX "B"


    4                       REPORTED SIGHTINGS OF FLYING OBJECTS

                                    AS OF 1 AUGUST 1948


e       . :axb }•   .....
                                             APPENDIX "C"


                      SELECTED REPORTS OF FLf4G OBJECT INCIDENTS


1. A NUMBER of reports on unidentified flying _objects come .from observers who, because of their
trlminl backgrooad-aad.experience do not appear to be influenced by unfounded sensationalism nor
inclined to report w.plpinnhle phenomena as new types of :airborne devices. Some of the details of
their. reports are presented In this appendix, along with those from possibly legs reliable sources
who have' reported aidonce which Is of such a nature that it cannot be entirely Ignored.

2..DE8CRIPTI )ZS OF eignificaat Incidents, arranged chronologlcallyouow:
   a.'Durlag April 1%47;; two employees of the Weather 'Sareau Watilon at Richmond, Virginia re-
port,d;:geeing a strange metallic disk .on three ocoasioos.threugh- the theodolite while making PIDAL
observations ••Cae'observatioa'°was-at15;000 feet tt.tdlttsloilowed.for            15 seconds. The
dlsi3ppeared'metallic;:•shaped`something: like'in.elltpsewdth.•a flat:bottom and a round top. It
appeared below the balloon and was much larger, fa sire.•`.•The dIs 'sppeared to be moving rather
rapidly, +lthou''it was 'Impossible .to :estimate..•lts;epeed.:The other observations were made it
27,000 feet. In like maaaer•. ..
   .b. The Yollowing ,month,                  'a Yield etgtaeer.3or Radio Corporation of America,
reported •a'dlsk flying near his home `In Oklahoma Clty,••Oklahoma;• The object was thought to be
at analtitude between •10,000 feet and 18,000 feet, and was moving toward the north at a high rate
of speed, .leaving no; trailing":effects. '                                                       -
  4c' While flyingrit 10,000 feet on a course of £00 degtees, so miles northwest of Lake Meade,
Nevada, as Plr• Force .lieutenant reported seeing five or slx, wbite ctrcnlar objects In close forma-
ttoctpd;#jalel~fAg: at+an:estimated:apaed of 285. mtles.: er.#iour. This sighting occurred on 28 Jane
  94rti.  :r                      r

    d.t?he'tfollowing day a party of three, ;two 'of them scientists, were motoring along Highway 17
towar& he White 8aM;.New•Mexico, V-2 flring 'grounds and reporte&seehg a large disk or sphere
moving hoslsnnta1iy.at.a'high speed and •sa ;estimated altitude of'10;oo0 feet. It was of uniform
shap&and had:no pratSlingt surfaces'sw_h.as.wfngs: The object was in sight for about'60 seconds
before",it..dlsappeared to -he abrtheast. The three •observvers.•agreedon.the details of the sighting
except thaCa e. thought ho bade-seen vapor trans: ..;' :          t ?.
 -&                '                                     .. . s .:' ;t J:.a}1•: e                     ,
      ;-+        is' t:.i7w. ..,~t,.~:y =7. •. .. •.....
 Qe ~ 7' lu1R`1$47[feWPorUaadi:,Oregon •police':oi!!ic@r gepo?ted varying numbers of disks fly-
ing 4ve='.difterevt'parts:iii:the city.'.,Af observationtwere sde`'.within a minute or two of 1905
hours• r'                 c         : _                                • x
             ,same day;f —                 of Phoenix, ArIzoa'ialiegedI saw a disk circling his
localityduring'sunset and tookitwo •photographs.; ;Th&1estilti`g' Ictares (page 9) show a disk-like
object with'a Tound front .and - 'square. tail in plan form.v;;ji'hese •photographs have been examined
by experts=wha Mate they are true photographic. images .and :do not *ppear to be imperfection in
the emulsionor ^Imperfections .In'thejens. ;(See Figs.: 1,;2,_ 8         4.)


 8                                      ;:
ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPHS BY MR.ij;
    g. On 10 July 1947, Mr. riF :L a Pan-American Airways mechanic reported a circular object
flying at high velocity, paralleling the earth's surface and leaving a trail which appeared as a
"burning up" of the cloud formation. . The sighting :occurred near ilarmon Field, Newfoundland.
Two other persons also saw the trail which remafned'in the sky;for about an hour and was photo-
graphed by another PAA employee. The resulting photographs support Mr. Woodruff's observation
as far as the sky cleavage is concerned. (See Figs. b..and 6.)


                                                                                                   C


                                                                                                   r
                                           Fig. 5


   -
                                              Fig. 6


   h. On 29 .July 1947,                  while flying near Tacoma, Washington, reported a formation
of flying objects. His sketch of their shape corresponds closely to that shown in the photographs
made by Mr. Itfl,        On the same day, two U. S. Air Force pilots at Hamilton Field reported
two flying disks trailing a P-80, following it toward Oakland, California.

    i. On 4 August 1947, the pilot and co-pilot of a DC-3, flying for one Al Jones, near Bethel,
Alaska, reported a flying disk larger than their aircraft. This disk crossed their path at about
1,000 feet and they turned to give chase. The DC-3 was flying at 170 mph, but the disk flew out
of sight in four minutes.

    j. On 12 November 1947, two flying disks trailing jet-like streams of fire were reportedly
sighted from the bridge of the tanker Ticonderoga, according to the second officer. The Ticonderoga
was 20 miles off the Oregon shore. This officer said the disks were in sight 45 seconds, moving
at a speed estimated at 700-900 mph, curving in a long, low arc.
    k. On 7 January 1948, a National Guard pilot was killed while attempting to chase an unidentified
 object up to 30,000 feet., While 1t 1s presumed that this pilot suffered anoxia, resulting in his crash,
 his last message to ..the tower was, it appears to be metallic object....of tremendous size....direotly
 ahead and slightly above..::I am trying to .close for a better book."

    1. On 5 April 1948, .thee trained balloon observers from the Geophysics Laboratory ,4ection,
 Watson Laboratories, NJ. reported seeing a round, indistinct object in the vicinity of liollman Air
'Force Base, New Mexico: It was very high and fast, and appeared to execute violent:maneuvers
 at high speed. The object was under observation for approximately 30 seconds and disappeared
 suddenly.
  m. A yellow or light colored sphere, 25 to 40 feet in diameter was reported by Lt. Comdr.
Marcus L. Lowe, USN, just south of Anacostfa Naval Air Station, D.C., while he was flying on
30 April 1948. It was moving at a speed of apprn*lnatnly 100 miles per hour at an altitude of
about 4,500 feet. Although winds aloft were from the north-northwest, its course was to the
north.
 e 3i On 1 July 1948„ twelve disks were reported over the Rapid City Air Base by Major Hammer
These disks were oval-shaped, about. 100 feet long, flying at a speed estimated to be in excess of
500 mph. Descending from .10,000 feet, these disks made a 30-degree to 40-degree climbing turn
accelerating very rapidly until out of sight.
   o. On 17 July 1948, a report from Kirtland Air Force Base describes a slghfing in the vicinity
of San.Acacia, New Mexico, of seven unidentified objects flying in a "J" formation at an estimated
height Of 20,000 feet above the terrain. The formation varied from "J" to "L" to circle' after
passing?the zenith. Flashes from the objects .were observed after passing 30 degrees beyond the
zenttb ,but there was no smoke or vapor trail. If the reported altitude is correct the speed was
estimated al 1,500 miles per hour, according to the report.
  p.AOther sightings of lights and trails, rather than disks, have been reported, viz:
     (1) On 12 September 1947, the pilot and co-pilot o2 a Pan American aircraft, en routs from
    ;Midway to Honolulu, saw a blue-white light approaching, rh~ing to twin reddish glows upon
 g,mithdrawaL The pilot estimated the speed of the light at about 1,000 loots.
      (2) On 15 June 1948, Mr              territory manager for the B.F. Goodrich Company,
      observed a.reddish glow with a et exhaust in the vicinity of Miles City, Montana. This
      glowing light made no sound, traveled about twice the speed of a conventional aircraft and
      flew from noth to south several times in a wide arc, finally disappearing over the horizon.
   q. During the early morning of 25 July 1948, two Eastern Airlines pilots reported having seen '
a huge flying craft similar to a V-2 pass their aircraft in flight. (See. digs. 7 and 8.) The
attached drawings made by these two observers very closely resemble a flying object reported to
have been seen on 20 July 1948, by                chief investigator of Court of Damage Inquiry, and
his daughter at.Arnham, Netherlands. This object appeared to be a wingless aircraft having two
decks. The craft, sighted four times through scattered clouds and unlimited visibility, was travel-
ing at high speed at a.hlgh altitude. .A sound sftnilar to that made .by a;V-2 was reported.

   r. An object, similar in shape to the one in the preceding incident was reported by an experienced
American .newspaper reporter about 25 kilometers northeast of Moscow on .3 August 1948., A Russian
acquaintance identified it as a rigid airship but the reporter disagrees because it flew at a high,.but
not excessive speed.
   s. On 1 October 1948 at approximately 2030 hours the pilot of a F-51 aircraft, 2nd Lt. George
F. Gorman (North Dakota Air National Guard), flying near Fargo, North Dakota,, sighted an inter-
mittent white light about 3,000 feet below his 4,500 feet cruising altitude. The pilot pursued the
light which appeared to then take evasive tactics. The object or light out-turned, out-speeded, and
out-climbed the F-51 in every instance during the attempt to intercept. The pilot lost contact 27


- 12 -                                       1 i-CR-CT
4GCRET


 Fig. 7


e -G+f -   - 13 -
                   (


          Fig. 8


- 14 -
         CEBRCT
                                                  ttcfFl


     minutes after the Initial sighting. The same light was observed b three other witnesses from the
     ground: •Mr.                , Air Traffic Controller, Mr.                     Assistant Traffic -Con-
     ti-oiler, and Dr1-              , Oculist. A comparison 'of all testimony revealed that one object
     was sighted and that it consisted only of a small round ball of clear white light with no apparent
     shape attached;,. It was about 8 to 8 Inches In disinter. At times it traveled faster than the F-51
     and performed maneuvers In an evasive manner. When first sighted the ball of light was•travei-
     Ing at an estimated 250 miles per hour. Under this condition, the light was not continuous but
     blinked off 'and on. At high performance the white light was continuous. Subsequent investigation
     eliminated the possibility that this Incident may have been another aircraft or a meteorological
     balloon.
        •t. On 18 November 1948 at approximately 2145 hours, three reserve pilots, 2nd Lt.'Xenwood
     W. Jackson,'2ud Lt. Glen L. Stalker, and End Lt. Henry G. Combs, flying near Aadrewa Field,:
     Maryland, encountered an unidentified flying object. When first sighted, it appeared to be lighted
     and flying at about 1,700 feet. Three or four passes were made In an attempt to identify it. The
     pilot -of the aircraft stated that while diving his aircraft at approximately 240.miles per hour, the
     object would climb vertically and 'then would drop below the aircraft from behind and continue':to
     circle. On th@ last pass, the landing light was switched' on -and momentarily a•dull gray glow
     from the object was observed. It Combs stated be•maintained'contact for about ten minutes with
     the object flying between thelights of Washington, D. C. and his .aircraft. All that could be
     observed was an oblong ball with one light, no wings and no exhaust flame. It finally made a
     very: tight turn 'and headed toward the east coast at as estimated 500 to 800 miles per hour. At
     the same time Staff Sergeant John J. Kushner observed from-The ground an unusual:object in' the:
     air over Andrews Field. Be stated that it was not very high and that it did not look like an


     3. REPORTS OF radar Intercepts point to unusual air activity which may be related to flying
     objects.                       -         '
        a. On 1 July 1947, a GCA radar at Hokkaido, Japan picked up as unidentified target at 16 miles,
     with a speed in excess of 500 mph. This target split Into two targets, each estimated to be larger
     than a P-51.                ••

        b. On 18 September 1947, an MEW radar at Fukuoka, Japan, picked up a target at 89 miles and
     trailed it to 19 miles, where it faded. Speed was 840-900 mph. The speed measurement, made
     by a good crew through a 70-mile track, Is believed accurate.

        4. Imrestigations conducted by Headquarters, Air Materiel Command, have definitely established
     the identtflcntlon of 18 of approximately 210 so-called flying saucers which have been reported.
     Approximately nine per cent of the total number of incidents are, therefore, eif+ninated from
     further specific consideration. Among those incidents positively explained, three were hoaxes,
     two were from unreliable witnesses.' In the remstning 13 elfin h-rnted Incidents, objects were
     actually seen but investigation has shown that they were celestial bodies or phenomena, meteoro-
     logical and carnival balloons, and airborne cosmic ray experimental equipment. The following
     examples are presented for comparison .of the Information reported by witnesses and true identifi-
     cation of the object involved:
           a. On 22 July 1948, Captain Henry Glover (Ordnance Reserve) and his wife observed at Van
     Nuys, California, an object which they were unable to positively identify. Object ai'flrst appeared
     to be round and looked like a weather balloon at about 2,000 feet but there was no characteristic
     bobbing. The wind was blowing on the ground but the object was quite steady. During the time
     it was under observation, about an hour, it traveled through a vertical arc of about twenty-five
     (250) degrees or more. The observer concluded that it was not a celestial body. It has a bluish
     luminescence and as the sun set, the object's color gradually changed to orange at dusk and ceased
4'   to be illuminated almost instantaneously. The outline was clear and the air was clear with
     visibility unlimited. The object traveled from the east to the west.

4,
          This object was determined by investigation to have been a balloon carrying cosmic ray
     equipment.


                                                                                                 - lb-
                                         .--         f.
                                                 tR t7


   b. On 19 August 1948, at approximately 1050 hours an unidentified flying object was visible
from the ground at Godman Air Force Base, Kentucky. This, object was estimated to be at about
30,000 to 40,000 feet altitude, spherical In shape, bright silver color and gave a bright reflection
from the sun. An F-51 was dispatched from Standiford Air Force Base, Kentucky, to observe
the .object. During observation from the ground, there was no change In the elevation of .the object
and it seemed to be moving southwest from Godman Air Force Base. The F-51 which was flying
over Godman AFB at an altitude of 30,000 to .35,000 feet reported that.it was unable to locate •the
object although it was still visible from the ground with the naked eye. Azimuth and elevation
readings were taken by theodolite every minute and the path of the object was charted. .

     The object was determined to be the planet Venus by Mr. Moore, the head astronomer at
the University of Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky. It Is believed that earlier incidents at Godman
Field (reference paragraph 2k, page 12, Appendix "C") may also have been observations of the
planet Venus.

5. AMONG THCGE Incidents still not positively explained, reported observations differ to some
extent, 'but three general categories of sightings emerge -- the flying disk, the ball of fire and
the large jet rocket. Interesting observations that were noted are:
   a. Most of the objects are a thin"disk, round on top and flat on the bottom. The front half
of the disk is often circular, sweeping back to a square tall across the full width.

  b. A high rate of climb as well as the apparent ability to remain motionless or hover for a
considerable length of time Is indicated.

   c. Reported sizes have varied from that of a 25-cent piece to 250 feet in diameter, and from
the size of a pursuit plane to the bulk of six B-29 airplanes.

   d. Speeds have been estimated throughout the entire range from very slow or hovering to
supersonic.

   e. Sounds and visual trails are not normally associated with the sightings.


- 18
                                                  APPENDIX "D"


                                        FLYING WING TYPE AIRCRAFT
J


    1. AERONAUTICAL••ENGINEEEs in several .countries have been engaged for some :tlme in the
    design, construction, and flight of flying wing type aircraft. The study of flying objects requires,
    at least, a brief examitation of proposed and existing unconventional aircraft whose configurations,
    when seen by the uninitiated, could lead to reports of strange flying devices. A description of
    some of the more significant types by: country follows.

    2. GERMANY. At the end of World War B, German aircraft designers had numerous projects
    under way :concerning tailless aircraft which conceivably could be -mistaken for.;"Flying Saucers"
    or disc-llke-bbjects. It is not clear just -what the Soviets 'are doing ln'the•way ofdeveloping '
    these projects but it is considered that German studies on tailless, delta-wing,.and related con-
    figurations are available to the U.S.S.R.          V -                         • .
       a. ARADO NIGHT AND BAD WEATHER FIGHTER, PROJECT I. This is a tailless, low-wing
    monoplane with swept-back wing of large root chord and .:ving a long, narrow fuselage.

                                     Span                              50.3 feet
                                                                N: Y' 42.5. feet.'        :..t
                                     Power Plant                 ,:'2'Hes::f)li;
                                                                     ,               Yuabo
                                                                                       ..  . :;Jei
                                                                                               .
                                     Max. Speed (sea leve~):. .       +141•~pli'{-i~:~
                                     Max. Speed (29,500 feet)          503 . mph

       b. ARADO E 581-4. A high-wing 'tailless single-seater with'sesingle jet unit mounted ia'the
    fuselage. Fin and .rudder units are mounted on the wing midway between fuselage .aad wing. :


                                                                  29,3 feet    •
                                       ength                      18.4 feet'       ~v;.:;t
                                    -;Rower Plant                 1 lies O11 turbo yet unit''
                                    :r24ax.-$peed (sea level)
                                      Maa::peed (service ceiling) --

       c. GOTHA P sb li:' :This :ryas fiie.,3lrat; of the.: P • 80 series oS . jet righters. It is' a IIying. wing
    type and, since the-pilot and•observeg=3ie:,prone; there;1s no projecting canopy, thus;periaitting a
    particularly clean design. The`jet 3iaits;are3~i2oeted        at the .rear of the center section`  , one above
    and one below.                           , :__ .,,     ' .: _

                                                                            Seer 8•.1%2yin. -
                                                                          04 aquare.feet
                                                                          ',BMW-.-QQ3 turbo ,jet units
                                                                         595 tit     ser?hour .

       d. HEINI{EL- P.• 1080: whls is . singie=seat flghter,with a'• sharply swept-back wing, resembling
    a flying wing type, but having a single fin and rudder with no tail plane.

                                     Span                        29.2 feet
                                     Wing Area                   218 square feet
                                     No performance estimates are available.


                                                                                                          -1?-
      e. JUNAERS EF 130.    Of the flying wing type, this project was established as a long-range,
   high-speed jet bomber.

                                Span                           78.8 feet
                                Wing Area                      1290 square feet
                                Power Plant                    4 HeS 011 turbo jet units
                                Max. Speed                     620 miles per hour ,
                                Range                          3700 miles
     f. ME 329. This is a tailless mid-wing monoplane driven by two
                                                                           pusher propellers with the
  engines centrally .located •ln'the wings .on each side of the stubby rounded fuselage,

                                Span                           56 feet
                                Length                        '25.4 -feet
                                Max. Speed                     455-465 miles •per .hour
                                Power Plant                    2 DB 603 reciprocating engines
    'gs•BQRTEN WING. The closest resemblance to the estimated configuration of "Flying
  is .represented by the' Borten Wing aircraft, Work on the Horten                             Disks"
                                                                     229, a twin jet tighter, had pro-
  reseed, to the fnpl stages at the end of World, War IL Its prototype, a Borten
  fully soared to an altitude of 14,200 feet as early as 1938, proving the          glider, success-
                                                                           soundness of this design.
  (Figs...1s Band 3)


                                               Fig. 1


-.18;-.                                       GI4nthitIRI
                                            ~fiD£UT         1*'_


    3. GREAT BRITAIN.
       a. THE ARMSTRONG WHIT,WORTH. The AW 52 G, a glider, and the AW 52, a twin-jet air-
    plane, are British designs of tailless aircraft. The vertical stabilizers are located at the tips
    of the swept-back wing. (Figs. 4 and 5) Data on the AW 52 appear below.

                                 ::Span                               90 feet
                                ar;T,ength                           37 feet
1                                 'Max. Speed (sea level)            435 knots
                                 ?:Max. .Speed .(20,000 feet)        435 knots
                                   Max: Speed (36,000 feet):       . .417 "lmots
                              - ' 'Range                             1300 nautical miles
                                  `Bower Plant                       '2 Nene II. turbo jet units


    ARMSTRONG
    WHITWORTH
     a. -W.n.
    Ezp.'im.nal

    - . Airvaft~


                                            £eV£ineMJtA,
   .-:9 i4;...S+4-cJW1: ::: : L\: ai4t

         .                         y' 4Ag~vr'? '=imaJ   "(('<' i•. _


                                                                       Fig. 5


- 22-
4. UNITED STATES.
   a. NORT11ROP $-35. This is a flying wing type aircraft, powered by four reciprocating engines
and has a wing span of 172 feet and a length of only 53 feet. (See Fig. 6)


                                           Fig. 6


                                    -nil


                                           rIBEUTLtL                                   - 23 -
                                              -CO Nt±FJutjAr


          b. NORTHROP YB 49.
       version o t e Nort rop    Powered by eight
                              Flying Wing (B 35). turbo-jet
                                                   (See Fig. engines,
                                                              7)      this airplane is   the jet-
                                                                                             Jet-pro


                                             Fig. 7


_24_
                                     '             TTRtir
                                          C


   c. CHANCE-VAUGHT XF5U-1. Developed by Chance-Vaught Aircraft, this radical design
promises the reality of high and low speed performance. Powered by two R-2000-2 engines,
the aitplane will have a speed range of from 40 to 425 miles. per hour. (See Fig. 8)


                                          Fig. 8


                                         Fi urn    I                                 - 25-
                                         _    ,ctnr.t~'    '


    d. ARUP TAILLESS MONOPLANE. Jane's "All the World's Aircraft" (1935 edition) describes
 this airplane. as "a two-seat machine with a•70t:p. LeBlond engine.... This has a high aspect
 ratio wing with straight leading-edge and built in nacelle....". In plan form, the wing Is almost
 semi-circular.

       An Air Force film, "Aeronautical Oddities", shows this: airplane in flight at South Bend,
Indiana and in some attitudes appears identical to the photograph included in Appendix "C" as
Figure 4. Although it is believed that the ARUP Manufacturing Co. Is no longer in existence,
it is' possible that later models of •this or slnillar U.S.' civil aircraft .may have been observed.

                               Span                            22 feet
                               Length                          1'9_ feet
                               Power Plant                     T LeBlond engine
                               Max. Speed                      86 miles per hour


                                                               34924 A.C.


5. ALTBOUGN.APPENDIX "1)" Is not intended to explain conclusively   e>,y the phenomenc      ~~ " Flying
Saucers" the possibility of unconventional type aircraft being the cause of flying disk     =ports must
not be overlooked.


- 28--
                                                      iccti0n     3.3,       NA/D   K5'/5°0
_.. L;,5o_. __.D = I' .:.cCUTIVE
                                 1RDER 1256,

       Ey   (V  6 A11LL 1           \F . . J:: tc          Tan    .-Z,   i   ~cS

                                                                                              T

                                                       312.11    Declassification

                                   CONFIDENTIAL        313,8     Records Destruction of

                                                       350O05    T/0 & A.

                                                           11 Aug 1950


        FROMi   AFOIV-TC

         10,    CG, Alaskan Air Commaad,


        1st Ith
        SUBJECT:    "Downgrading of Air Intelligence Report No. 100..203-79"


              1. Subject document, for which your Command requests downgrading
         action, contains info aad speculation on the "flying saucer" situation
         vtich have never been m leased or intimated publicly by the Air Force.

                       *                               *                            *


        FILED UNDER,       319.1    Air Intelligence Division Studies


                                              CONFIDENTIAL
CLd53f. . ::D    =a      OijTI•.E ORDZR       ',   jection
                                                              3.3,,
                                                                      A/A/A   /4yJ 508


                                                                                         A
                                                     UUO.9    Flying Discs

                                I!                   319.1 "ir Intelligence Division Studi
                                         '
                                     (PAL
                                                      25 Sept 1950


      FRais     Dept of the Air Force ttgs U.S. Air Force

      1Os       See below


      Ltr
      SUBJECTS     Destruction of Air Intelligence Report Humber 100-203-79


           1. It is requested that action be te]cen to destroy all copies of
      Top Secret Air intelligence Report Humber 100-203.79, subject, ".Aaalyais
      of Flying Object Sncidents in the U.S.," dtd 10 Dec 1948.


      FIIED UNDER:     313.6   Records, Destruction of   A?


                                       VVNRDE11R1'!~-
                                          di
                                                                                                                                                           za
                                                                                                                                       r
                                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
    :j                                         tnTn A•ocpARTMenrAL conaasPoraoEtcr


                                      ,f4
i

         '                                         t1bMe.n1f           7
                                                                                      OTT;I :A, oniario,~l7o:clber 21', 19yne y' L?


                                                        Goo-Magnotics                     r                                       _-.-~.                         (?.ST
                                                                                                ~^
                                                                                                             _                                                          -


                                                                                                                                                     utl            Y


                  •..,:i.1t.,:,E:. T0 ^1 \sF CC.,TI'?0%TER OF 't. c0.._IIhIC,,1IUNs .                                                               ft


                           For the past several years we have been engaged in the study
              of various as_ecta at radio rcva propagation. Ths :_za.iaa or this
             y;ls:i•?t:enon••bw^e         led      L:     into      i•ho~fiels            of     aura^s,         cc..^ic     'ra'liet1on,
           atmcsphe_ic r_3io-aativit;; a:ad gao-=ag•,ietizn. In the ceso of geo-msgnotics
           our•iasastigaticns have contributed-littlo to our imocledgo of radio ta'e
         ' yrostg^_ticn'as yet, but netorthelass'havo indic?tad several nvenuus of
           iineitigation :hich xay well be explored with profit. Fcr excp1e, rrs are
           on• the tract; of a means whereby the potential energy- of the earthts megnotic
           field trey to abstracted and used.

                          On the basis of theoretical considerations a shall and verj
i            cede experimental unit zas constructed approxi.-tately a V^_-.r ago and tested
             in cur Standzrds Laboratory. The tests were e,sentially suacess.ul in that
             suiticient en-rgy tus abstracted from the earth's.ftsld to oporato a volt-
             ::   c:',     vyrwi.     ::.eir        j\.     zdul)Sttts.            A.t.tou(~h          tnis,tuit            :was la_` :r.^....             e t.,
             J O:.L—JI:J   \•O 1L•11L~•    s   ,   à0     .,rtn   V.LosJ   LL G.I VIL(.   y1.41(l:\t   \.•             .,         •;       t••i.,   wa.j   ...

               =1=:ip:.t in a qualitutive mannsr and providc-d useful data for the design
              at a'b,ttcr unit.                        . .                        .
                 •       •• :... . •.  t
                       "    The desigm has -now been torn2 eted'for - a unit t:h_c*-shoul_ be
             still-sustaining and is addition provide a;small surplus of.power. Such a
             r;litl in.rddition to. i'unctloning e9 R tpF!.e ; n    -~7atltt ^h^"ld  Rn tnr a
                                                                                              FF
             -endutll to pornit the study of the varioib reaction forccwhich are cxpect,M
             to develop.        .

                         • Wo be3teve that we are oh .the track of ccnething which may well
             p:ove.to'be the introduction to a new tochnology. The existence of a difisrei.
             technolo, r is borne out by the investigatiohs which are' being carried on at
             :he present time in relation to flying saucers.

                          "hiie injiashington attending the NAPS Ccaterenoe, two books
             rerr.r'sleased, one titled "Bshi'nd the Flying Saucor" by &anl: Scully, and
             the o her "The Flying Saucers are Reel" by Donald keyhoe.e'Bath books dealt
             ro~tlj with the sightings of imideiitificd objecti a& be h books claim that
             SlyinS objects we:e;of extra-torrectrial origin ah aisht well be space ships
                                                                                                        25
irc- e)tot•hor ptnnst. vcuily cl.%imed thst the prelintusry ctudtes of
o+to a.:ucar which toll into the },:inch of. tho Untto.i ,$ tste s covotn7ent
ir.+:ien ed t.hDt tho_y oporatol en acme htthcrto uc} totrc rata ctic
prL tcip).es. It ri; Marc<l to„ atz  that cur own sa r in      -zc,çautics
                                  w         `
ta;:}zt well he the ZiaLsgo L.t ran eras o:~:h:iulogy ar.•1 the tchrsolorr,                                  C
by s:h.ia:t the caucc.r cs'a d:si; rtod eni opt.;•e.tod. If it is a au tod that
en: t;e' -.:ng;tetic irv:utir.ticai uro Ia ti:^ rigbt direction, the theory
or operation rf the esucer;+ be%t ,cos quite atraLghtforcrtrl, with all
ot:r,rrcd rcatur:•a o:nlahcd qualitatively and quuatitativaly.

              I tnda diacroat ouquirica through the Carndian Btaasy
st rr in t:lington who ware able to obtain for na the follohtti;
1h Formti on:
a. The matter is the :cost highly classttiod subject in tho IInito3
   Styes Coveraaent, rating highor.o7en tbsn the H-bomb.

b. flying aauceza exist.

c.       tcir modus operandi is untmown but concentrated effort is boiny
         rrade by a cz.all coup headed by Doctor Vannevar Bush..

d. i:s•eatiro raattor is consldored by the Vnitad States authorities
     to be cit trc~endoua si nificence.
                   •
I    s furthgr.icfo^e3 that the United Statoc authorities'aro Snvoyigattng
aiog ultc a nt nou. of iiaes which r ::4J. pc~sibiy be' rvlata to the uunr$
eat h Ss auntal p.onoaena anti I rather t}rat they are not doing too wall nine
they indiectod that if Gonads is doing su•JtlTg at all in goo-va;netica t!t'
t:auld walcome a discussion with suitably accredited Ca:tattnns.

                   mule   I   w:'t uv.   ::   .!t       ' "^   tLon to   siv   th at we have   Holvad
eves the first problems in F;ca•-stabnetic oaorr release, I roes ois...:::
con-elation botrcon our basic theory and the available infornation on
s uoors checks too closely to be core coincidence, it is my hoaast oninios
that wo_are on the fiat track and are fairly clone to at least some of the
                                                                  .
                                                    '                    . .
rzi   w .f• era:                   I .


              fir. Wright, Dsfcnce Itoaosrch Board liaison oc;icor, at tho ,
Gsr.:dicn 1`abasay in t'anhinct on, was extrcnely anxious for -tie to get in toec
with Doctor Solandt, caair.,an of the flounce Research Baard,'to discuss nil
Mn future SnvestSgotiona along the line of geo-ragnetio onorc release.


               I
                                                                        • CCNr'1'JeN'"'
     n
                   I                                                                                                          26

                                                                    •   3r


                  I do not feat thnt vie have as yot sufficient data to pie~o bato_re D:Tnce
                  Thmk zrch Bond :::hich e•ottU enublo a _,ro,r.n to bo initiattd within that
                  cr nt::atio,i, but T- do l: of that further rese'irch is ne v ntary eoi 1 would
                  p_-t'for to cots it done within tho frv:tu work of our o:: ± or`s=ization : ith,
                  Of cou:-So, :nil co-oporntion and o::c}ango of intonation with o:iicr
                  intsr 3ted bodioa.

                                 I discussed this ratter fully with Doctor Sol3Mt, C•rzirraa of
                  fl   '-     '    It^.:tnrrh                  an piuce1 hcrze hi.- as .^.itch
                                                i'c tr:i, :n i.'oicbc
                                                         :iLh
                            .. :ti   r.  a::• _ 1.nve   rath• r to dn  .
                                                        ti,-:rt :hl•) to Doeto: olcelt :5?ra.!4
                   U.at :.or'; on Goa- a&natic. oner  ebculd go fonsrd as ripidly as possible
                  :tl ofrer_! t11 co-opration of his Board in providlrc 12borztory f.^.cititio:
                  rcq•.±iciticn of neco5Zary it is of cquinent, and specialitod pe,soanel ror
                  irti.intsl wo—'.c in tho projact. I indiostod to Doctor 3oltr4t that we rould,
                  pr,lor to 1:000 tho project within the DoOart~ont of Transport for the tie
                  being'intil t:a have obtained aufliciont infarrstion to potnit a co:aploto
                  aneasaont of tho value of tho work.

                              It is therefore recor..ieaded that a PROJECT be sot up within
                  he frwre wai•: cf this Section to study this problL and that the work bo
                  csrricd on a war: t~mo basis until such tine• aa sufficient tangible eoults
                  can bo seen to warrant more definitive action. Cost of the progrim.in its
                  Initial stages arc ezpectodto be leas than a few hundred dollars and can
                  ;e carried by our P•adio staniard Lab appropriation.,'

                                        Attched her_t_ is n .drift of ter"                 of referoece for !wt a
                  7•!L{nwt        yL•,{n)+      {{• nllthLTt ^.ndy:Wi?1 art,bie    .jw ~/r ~T^,.^.x.1.1 !:{}h T'i .z
                                                                                                                   . TPaa.w ..n1.
i
i                 acrk within our own organization.
                                                                                                                     0
1

         /✓. it        ._.                                        fLri-Q C
                                                                      (1LB. Smith)
t.                                                               Senior Radio F~gineer
,I


                  12/CC                U ll

                                                     f                     • r•
                                                                             1I'                            1 f)&3


                                         ,! L

                                      1vltw                                            4
i
 ±

                                                                                                                          F
                           nOT..Ci i AWtr.T Ril V T


              During the past five yobs there has boon accttulating

    in the files of the United States Air Forco, Royal Cawodinn Air

    Force, Dopnrtnont of :ran sport, and various other agoncios, an

    iapronaive nuabor of reports on aichtings of unidentifiod flying

    objects popularly blown as "Flying Saucer sa. Thorn fib contain

    reports by creditable people on thi      s which they have coon in

    the chip, trac3od by radar, or photographed. They are report

    nade in good faith by noraal, honost people, and there is little

    if any reason to doubt   thou
                                    voracity. Many sightings tndoubtodly

    aro duo to unusual views of coon objects or phenozonao, and

    are quito aortal, but there are many sightings which cannot to

    explained so easily.

              Project ya ot was authorized in December, 1950, by

    Commander 0. P. Edwards, then Deputy Minister of Transport for

    Sir Services, for the purpose of making as dotailod a study of.

    the saucer phenoaonao as could be made within the franowork of

    existing ectabliahsn3nto. The Broadcast and Measurements

    Section of the Tolocom,;aaioationo Division were given the

    directive to go ohaad with this work with whatever assistance

    could be obtained inforally from outside sources such as

    Defence Eecearoh Board and National Basearch Council.


1
t

                             -2-

              It is porfootly natural in the huaan thinking mechanism

    to try and fit observations into an established pattern. It is

    only whoa observations otubbornly refuse to be so fittod that we

    become disturbed. When this happens we may, and usually do,

    take ono of throe coursos. Pint, we may deny completely the

    validity of the` observations; or second, we may pass the whole

    subject off as something of no consoquonce; or third. we may

    accsDt the di scrupancie a as real and go to word on them. In

    the matter of Saucor Sightings all three of those reactions

    have boon strikingly apparent. The first two approaches are

    obviously negative and from which a definite conclusion can

    never be reached. It is the third approach, acooptance of

    the,data and subsequent research that is dealt with in this

    report.
              She basic data with which we have to work consist

    lsrgoly of sightings reported as they are observed throughout

    Canada in a purely random manner. Many of the reports are from

    the extensive fiold organization of the Department of Transport

    whose job it is to watch the shy and whose observers are trained

    in precisely this tort of observation. Also, there are in

    operation a number of instrumental arrangements suoh as the

    ionouph ?io obearvntorian fcaw which ueaful data have boon

    obtained. Bowevor, we must not oxpect too much from these

    field stations because of the very sporadic nature of the sight-

    ingo. As the analysis progresses and we 3 ow more about what
                       -3-
to'look for wo may be sole to obtain and make much bottor use

of field data. Up to the present we have boon prevented from

using conventional laboratory notbods owing to the comploto lack

of any sort of spocimono with which to ozperimcnt, and our

prospocte of obtaining any in the immediate future are not vary

good. Consequontly, a largo part of the analysis in thaso

early stages will have to be based on deductive reasoning, at

least tntil we are able to work out a procedure more in line
with conventional ex ori~ontal methods,

          The starting point of the investigation is essentially

the interview with an observer. A questionnaire form and an

instructional guide for the intorrogater were worked out by

the Project Second Storey Committee, which is a Committee

sponsored by tho Defence Zoscarch hoard to collect, catalogue

and correlate data on sightings of unidentified flying objects.

This questionnaire and guide are included as Appendix I, and

are intended to got the maximum useful information from the

observer and prosant it in a manner in which it can be used to

advantage. This form has been used so far as possible in

connection with the sightings investigated by'the Department of

Transport.

          A weighting factor is assigned to saoh sighting

according to a syotom intonded to minimize the personal equation.

This weighting oystem is described   is
                                          Appendix It. The weighting
                              1}

factor mcV be conoidorod as the probability that the report

contains the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth,

to far as the observer and interrogator are aware, It has

nothing to do with the nature of the object claixod to be soon.

It to in a Fence analagous to the order of procioion with which

a measuremont nay be nado, fad for the purpose of this analysis

this is precisely the manner in which it is uced.

          Sightinga m:y be grouped according to certain salient

features, and thu combined woight of all portinsnt observations

with respect to these features nay be determined by applying

Peterto formula, which is a standard mathematical technique for

determining probable error.


      ro =        •8153     < (v1 4v2 iv,4 • • . .
                   n    1                a .       L'
             n~
whore r0 is the probablo error of the mean, n is the number of

observations and v is the probable error of each observation,

that is, unity minus the woi„btimg factor. Chia method has the

advantage of being ample and easy to nso and enables a nuabor

of mediocre observations to be combined effectively into the

equivalent of one good one,

          The next step is to sort ont the observations according

to some pattern. The particular pattern is not so important as

the fact that it should take account of all contingencies
                         -5 -

however improbable they :ay appear at firot sight. In other

words, there must be a coapartaont somewhere in the schema of

things into which each sighting av be placed, comfortably, and

with nothing loft over, blurtharaoro, it must be possible to

arrive at each approprtato oompartmant by a sequence of logical

reasoning taking account of all tho facts pro sontod., If this

can be dons, then the probability for the real oxistonco of the

contents of any compartacnt vii]. be the single or combined

weighting factor pertinent to that single or group of sightings.

The charts shorn in 6ppondix III were evolved as a means for

sorting out the various sightings and provide tho'pattern which

vas used in the nnn7,7cia o£ those sightings reported to and

analysed by the Department of Transport.

          Most sightings fit roadily into one of the olassifica-

tions shown, which are of two geaoral types; those about which

we ;mow something and those about which we know very little.

When tha sightings can be classified as eomathing we Gov about,

we need not concern oursslvps too znch'with them, but when they

fit into classifications which we don't understand we'are back

to our original position of whether to deny the evidence, dismiss

it as of no consoquonco, or to accept it end go to work on it.

lho process of sorting out observations according to these charts

and fitting them into compartments can hard~;c by considered an
       a
- T
                                -6-
      ond'in itcalf. •Rathor, it is a oonvonionce to clzrify thinking

      and direct activity along profitable channels. It chows at

      onto which aspects arc of si,ptificanco and which may ho bypassed.

      Y4oroly placing a sighting under a certain heading does not
      explain it; it only indicates whore we noy start looking for an

      explanation.

                Appondix IT ooataino swmnaries of the 1952 sightings

      as investigated by the Dopart~ont of Transport. Considerably

      more data exists in the files of other agencies, and more is

      being collected as the investigations proceed. While it is not

      intondad to make atyr reference to an analysis'of the records of

      other agoncios, it may be said that the Department of Trancport

      sightings are quite reprocentative of the sightings reported

      throughout the world. The following is a table of the breakdown

      of the 25 proper sightings roportod during 1952.

                  $ATE CP SIGhTDIG                ZU U        WEIG

      ?robably meteor                                It         9l
      Probably aircraft                              1          6~p
      Probably balloons                              1          711$
      Probably marker. light                         1          611$
      aright speck at night, not star or planet      3          75~
       right speck daylight, not star or planet      1          6s
      Luminous ring                                  1          6s
      Shay cone                                      1          53     .

      Circular or elliptical body, shiny day         5          SP
                         -7-
            WUP.3 02 SIG: i:;G               T•J?        iwIG

Circular or elliptical body luminous night      5          9O
Unidentified lights of various kinds                2        77$


TOTAL NUMIER OF PNO1t2 SIG: INGB               25            96~
          With roferorco to the above table, of the four cases

identified as probably notoora, their weight worka out at 91%,

which is the probability that the observers actually did sac

notoora which appeared as they described then. Considering the

circular or elliptical bodios together, their weight works out

at 91% for the ten sightings, from which we nay conclude that

S02.ZZNG ancvering this description was actually observed.

Similarly we may consider each of the other groups of sightings,

taring account of the probability that the observations are reliable.

          It is not intended to. describe here in detail the

intricate and tedious processes by which the sightings are

evaluated, beyond the fact that the pattern set forth in the

charts in Appendix III is followed. The cardinal rule is that

a sighting must fit completely under one or more of the chart

headinga, with nothing left over and without postulating any

additions, deletions, or changes in the facts as reported.

Should tare be no suitable heading, then obviously the charts

must be orpandod to provide one, in fact this was the evolution

of these charts. Where a sighting nay be fittod under noro than

one heading, an. arbitrary division of the probability of finding

it under cash applicable heading is asaigned. The c     of such
                         -E-

 probability figuroa coat of courca be unity, and the probability

for the real oxiotanco under any particular heading is the product

of this probability flturo and the reliability or weighting factor

for the sighting concerned.

          It is apparent that the judgoment of the people doing

 the evaluating is bound to enter the picture and nay produce

 cuoatantial nuarical differences with reference to sightings

listed under certain headings. Bowavor, since many headings are

.automatically eliminated by the nature of the facts available,

the discrepanciea are confined to the probability fignrea for

 the distribution under the roaainin headings which are

considered eligible, cad vo and up with definite classifications

for the sightings with SO C+ probability figure for the reality

of each group. This has the effect of forcing those who are

 doing the evaluating to face the reported facts squarely,   pay


aoticulous attention to them, and place each sighting honestly

under the only headings where it will fit,

          In working through the analysis of the propar sightings

listed, we find that the majority of thorn appear to be of some

material body. Of theca, sevon are classed as probably normal

objects, and eleven are classed as strange objects. Of the

romainder, four have a substantial probability of being material,

 strange, objects, with three having a substantial probability

of bcing l" terial, electrical, phenomena. Of the eleven
 strange objects the probability definite* favours the alien
a t                       -9-
vohiclo class, with the secrot miaailo includod with a arch

lower probability.

          The next atop is to foiled this lino of reasoning as

far as possible so as to doduce what wo can from the obcarvod

data. Vehicles or aiccilos can be of only two general kinds,

terrestrial and oxtrartorrestrial, and in either cars the

analysis enquires into the aource and technology. If the

vahiclos originate outside the iron curtain we may assuro that

the matter is in good bands, but if they originate inside the

iron curtain it could be a matter of cave concern to us.

          in the matter of technology, the points of interest
are= — the energy source; moans of support, propulsion sad

manipulation; structure; and biology. So far as energy is

concernod we know about mechanical energy and chemical energy,

and a little about energy of fission, and we can appreciate the

possibility of direct conversion of mans to energy. Boyond this •

a have no :mowlodge, end unlees we are prepared to postulato a

completely unlmown source of energy of which we do not ymow even

the rudiments, we must conclndo that the vehicles use one of the

four listed energy sources. Unless something vs do not understand

can be done with pcavitation, mechanical energy has little use

beyond driving model aircratt. We use chemical energy to quite

an extent, but we realize its limitations, so if the energy
demands of the vehicles exceed what we consider to be the reason..
                         w   10

able oapabilitiou of cheatcnl fuole, we arc forced to the

conclusion that such vehiolos must get .their energy from sithar

fission or mass conversion.

          With reference to the meting far support, propulsion

and manipulation, unless we are prepared to postulate socothing

else quite beyond our ;aowlodge, there are onk' the two groups

of possibilities, narro2y the 3mown moans and the speculativo

maims. Of the lmown means there is only physical support through

the use of buoyancy or airfoils, the reaction of rookota and

jots, and contrifugal force, 'which is what holds the moon Sn

position. Of the speculative      an we 3mov only of the possibility

of gravity wavoc, field interaction and radiation pressure.

1f the observed behaviour of the vehicles is such as to be

beyond the limitation; which we 3oiow apply to the ltbtm :eana

of support, then we are forced to the conclusion that one of

the speculative means must have been developed to do the job.

         from a study of the sighttng reports (Appendix IT),

it can be deduced that the vehicles have the following aignifioant

charactariatiou. They are a hundred toot or more in diarater;

they can travel at opaodo of several thousand muss par hour;

they can reach altitudes well above those which would support

conventional airor;}ft or balloons; and omple power and totes

Boom to bo available for all required manoeuvres. Taking those

factors into account, it is difficult to reoBnoils this portorrance
                          -11-

with the capnbilitios of our techaolo4., and unlose the

technolopr of coao torrootrial nation is much more advancod

than is gonorally knows, we are forced to the concluoion that

the vohioloa are probably extra—terrestrial, in spite of our

projudicoa to the contrary,

          It has boon cug„estod that the sightings might be

due to coma sort'of optical phonomonon which gins the appaaranca

of the objects roportod, and this aspect was thoroughly

investigated.. Charts are shown in Appendix III si?o'4ng the

various optical considorationc. Tntioing as this theory is,

there are some soriouc objoctions to its actual application, in

the form of coma rather dofinite and quite immutabla optical

laws. These are the geometrical laws dealing with optics generally

fad which wo have never yet found cause to doubt, plus the wide

discrepancies In the order of magaotudo of the light values which

must be involved in any sightings so far stud et. 8urthorore,
introducing an optical systom might explain an imago in terms of

an object, but the object still requires explaining. A particular

effort was made to find an optical explanation for the sightings

listed in this report, but in no case could one be worked out.

It was not possible to find so much as a partial optical

oxplRnation for even one sighting. Consequently, it was felt

that optical thaorios generally should not be talcan too aarioualy

until such time ac at least one sighting can be satisfactorily

explained in such a m""'or,
                            12 .

          It appears then, that who are faced with a subctanial

probability of the real existence of oxtra—torraetrial vahicioa,

rocardlne of whether or not thoy fit into our soharao of things.
Such vohioles of nocossity oust uao a toohnology constdorably in

advance of what we havo. It is therefore oubaittod that the

next to SA this invntiration ahould bs a substantial effort

towards the aoquisition of as much as possible of this tochaoloQ+s

which would without doubt be of coat valve to us.


                          U.  e. &aith,
                       Zn'ineor--in-charge,
                         Project Y,egaet. *
      L


                                DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                     WASHINGTON DC 20330-1000


                                                                ocT


                                                                      Z a 19a9
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY


          Sergeant First Class Clifford E. Stone
          HHC, USMCA, WRZ ,
          ATTN: Adj Ofc
          APO New York 09801

          Dear Sergeant Stone:

               We are responding to your August 13, 1989 Freedom of
          Information Act request.

               We determined portions of the attached documents are exempt
          from disclosure because they contained information that, if
          disclosed to the public would result in a clearly unwarranted
          invasion of personal privacy. The authority for this exemption is
          the United States Code Title 5, Section 552(b)(6) and Air Force
          Regulation 12-30, paragraph 10f.

               The denial authority is C. Norman Wood, MG, USAF, Asst. Chief
          of Staff, Intelligence.

               Should you decide to appeal this decision, you must write to
          the Secretary of the Air Force within 60 days from the date of
          this letter. Include in the appeal your reasons for
          reconsideration and attach a copy of this letter. Mail it to:

                                 Secretary of the Air Force
                                 Thru: SAF/AADS (FOIA)
                                 Washington, DC 20330-1000

                   We are attaching the releasable records.

               We surfaced other records responsive to your request. We do
          not have the authority to deny or release them. We forwarded your
          letter and the records to Military Airlift Command/IMD (FOIA),
          Scott AFB, IL 62225. They will reply directly to you.
                                                         i


     We do not have records responsive to item 2 of your request.
We also forwarded it to 544 CSG/IMD (FOIA), Nelis AFB, NV 89191-
5000. They will reply directly to you.

                                  Sincerely,


                                  BARBARA A. CARMICHAEL
                                  Freedom of Information Manager

1 Atch
Releasable records


89-0923
                          0                             .Q

                               AR Fc3:? SPECIAL S!C4ZIT? 0fICZ
                              Hea4quartsra, fortheast Air Csrtand
                                    APO 862 ::3r Iork, U.I.
         850                                                        ~1817u17 1955

           SUBJECTi   (D:AL.153m'IR) UFba :id*C Area


           TOt        Corr3r3ar
                      USAF Sacurity Sarvice                                              ..
                      San Adtonio. Texas

                 1. 3eferenca to 550 :Iz1C naxrsge, Cit! 30:i_C-13, D:C 03i27i: 31217
           ayl •your nsescga Cite Oi.P-:55537, DIG 1223123 July 1955. Follotiai is
           note datailed informtios on sigatind~in the USW arca in Jane on July         S y+j
           u requ!st!d in your =!anano.

              • 2. Inclosurss 1, 2, 3, and 4 ere dataila3 reports pre?3red by
           Hatch Division, :2:C, on tha•1 to 8 July sigatinga coda by RP-47 crswo.
           D/I :rxC has not ccrrelatcd thaw sightings with any known activity.
                                                                                        ..
                3. Inslosures 5, 6, an3 7 nra. detailed reports on the 7 July
           sigitin; near-Raraoa AFB, :i£1d. molests 6 contains tho intorregatica
           reports of tits curs involved in the si3htin3. Iselozse 7, :13AC
           Weekly Intollia____ U0?CUI Dlgeat contains a res•_a o£ the 7 31217
           sigatin3 and mbar;',,ant evnlua ioa by D/I 21 AC. Copley of all in:losurp
           fornrdad to DIt3A.


           7 Inds
             1. 33-47 aishtin2 Bl
             2. 33-47 si:atlai B2
             3. 32.17 sighting d3
             4. 33-47 si3htina d4
             5. 64th AS_^ Div :5g DIG 0512:72 Jul 55
             6. 64th Air D1v :L-g DIG 07J1::Z Jul. 55
             7. Weekly Intel]. LYFOM Digest


 DECLASSIFIED BY: ACS/Intelligence on 7 Sep 89.


  C. NORMAN WOOD, Maj Gen,
  Asst Chief of Staff, Intelligent

Jo -S5t/
                                                        u


                      C                                     0


      IWL 1. At 21002 on 1 June, an eastbound :^3-47 oxperionced eloctronio

      contaot with an udcnaan aircraft or obloct in the area of Devon Ioland.

      A bright return rat received on the A?G-32 sot for 20 minutes and the

      earning light flashed intermittently'. The R3-47's S-system recorded

      what vas possibly the°aaeep of another radar nearby. Contact was lost
      at 21202. Do visual contact established.

           On the return westbound flight, the APC-32 again had a contact

      for -30 minutes duration at apprexiratoly R,OCO yards. This Lino no

      indication tae registered by the trarnin; light. Ro visual contact

      nade.   ••.•


                                                  .


           Coordinates and tines as follcso,

           First coa`zot (estiaato) 74°40']-303'C0'7            21002   1 Juno

           Contact lost              76°l5'B-01c0O';.           21202   1 Juno

           Seeend contact (astlnate) 74°3O -D.0°30';.           24002   1 June

           Contact lost              74°10'5-91S0tr             00302   2 Juno


                                                                                 v-:


                                                                                       1t

P t
           ITw' 2

               1t,0030Z on 4 Juno, a westbound R3-17 experienced eiec6ronie

           and visual contact with an unknown aircraft or object in the Leal-•

           villa Sound area. The RS-47 gun yarning lisht sus flashing inter-

           nittontly and the 6 radar had a cottnct at 7,000 yards rang.. Visual

           contact was rude by crew,chief, who describes aircraft as giiotening

           silver netallie. The'aireraft was first seen low end to the rear of

           the RO_44. It raintained a position low and to the roar and slizhtly

           right of the Bfl-47. Tho configuration of the aircraft was obscured

           by eoasaila. The aircraft broke off contact to the north with an

           increase in speed. The ?.E=47 was at 32,0LO, indicating Lech .735.

           Although gun carara fil=e are available, ticy are of such poor quality

           that no infornation can be obtained frca than. The radar and vistfal

           contacts were nairtnined for a total of 9 ninutes.+ee•

                Coordinates and tines are an followat

                Contact established   74°10"J - 107°10'7i   00302    4 Juno

                Contact lost                  - 111b36i:    00492    4 Juan


2•.:   t


                                                                                    4
                                                        e.
srs 3
     At 00502 on 7 June, a westbound E3-:7 enroute to Zilson AP3,
Alaska, at 35,000 riot' experienced eloctronlc contaot southeast of
2anka Island. The 33-ti's APO-32 dateoted an aircraft/object at
3,500 yards and at the eene lov~l as t*.e aircraft.   The scope rbturn

was snail and rectanelar. The pilot interpreted it to be a fora of
jsnaing. The target uarnind light went on and off 3 tines in as
puny ninntes. Ito visual or R-systea contacts.
     Coordinates and tiaae are as follows,

     Contact established    71°02'N - 127°00':7    0050Z '7 Juno

     Contact lost                                  00532 7 June
                                                  '(possibly later)
            C


          IT2.1 4

                a   20442 an 0 June, an oaotbeuda n3-47 flyin; at 20,01 teat
          experionced electronic and visual contact with an unl:noun aircraft

          south of Bathurst Island. The R9-47 ,as flying at 33,000 and indi-

         'eatin     50 knots. The xaraics light flashed and 2 indications uoro

          observad on hp0-32 scope. The 2-system scope abased indications of.

          sweeping by another radar. Yisual contact indicates aircraft was 5

          to.10,000 fast above 23-47 and approxirately 5-10 niles behind for

          approxinstely 20 einutas. The co-pilot of 30-47 states aircraft had

          fighter configuration. Contrail nos observed as aircraft disappeared.

          Contrail also sighted by 2nd 23-47 approxie+tely 80 miles bshlnd let;

          therefore. about 70 nibs behind the eizhted aircraft. Distance

          suggests contrails retain visible for sore tires.••••

                Coordinates and tires arc as follcvn

                Contact established   74028'8 - 103025'7;   20442   8 Juno

                -Contact lost                               21402   8 June


-:   v
                             0                                      t
        DE Rn.r: 61
•       10612f.O2
                                               A73 YPLD
      fll •CWD7.2 6422 AIR DIY CSF r ??=23LI.
                                                  •153 C•3LO 3503 COLT
       TO Rr.D=l/CCT2 AI^. D 2t:;3E C:?C:4ir t:T             3i6P/ P:.T L23 Cao
            !?/CI?73  23   T'CTICAL  I:.j wiCENCE Ct.?_
       R
             / a2a+^ C?  u2t   F U3A„ILr3  DC
        RTF`
       PS!C    'C3 n5T?22 3EA FRCTII1t Ut :i2
       P,Ti^r/cc:D2 .3::i:.'.3T AIR Cv :tQ rE     TELL isa t iD
                                                            iD RC3 3T SO:EEi3
     . RF".r h33 C2CE3 C=:zN I::G AIi: DE:=::v COi
       QWIC C:L'IWA
                                                     C('..1LED YA1IPA:C 3:07A 3COZIA
    • VcXC/AIR OPSC=R Cr'C! n':0:!A•CiTi1t US
       PwnC/JS3 9S:::D .l:'.a1: XSiLA4itC A?J3 2C' D
       i:CK:C/:L:G GZEIC?3 CWw:IC COSii !ISLIPAZ ::37A SCCui
       IF
       3T
                                                                0:1 PrtLi70 3Ti33iio:1 DACS TO' • I'
       WA DC973 nCF3a 91 A?CI3E 29. •0? OF YA?f0.1 A-3
                                                                   2D.CC0 fl . II?A:= CL^.F-'•.
       RAR40::.. REPO3:fl 3IC I? : ' 03,3 AT 07055. ZE 923.11.:
                                                                      t.tL '.3O R'flZC120::
       -NO CL%7i 3 O'T3 µ3C7=T. SCAT?t CL7ID3 AT 1CO0 n.
                                                                          }Sn3AFT 3LSDE CT?AC^     .
        P03313I3 na? CW7D3. Pzt7: 03 AI!C?IE 29 LT 3 Y SPQR.
                                                                        5SLD iETvl:•2T'iE:T. CC.'.al.CT- ~
        3IIT$ RADA3 tT"a. -SITS 312:7, 03 C! :COPE AT 070?b.
                                                                                                            3
                                                                    I'.3T?DCTED TO DO 50 ST ..it^t. ~{
        FO3 L9 3t.     AzCRLE 29 Iii P03l_T.t TO CL:a 01C33.
                                                                               H'itZ3. FI:3T A?P:A1
        PCt3I2SC:3 CF 037 250 D!33EE3 FfI 5f'537 AT APMOC!4' 3LI £0
                                                                     AIRCRAFT AP•C:r 29 T?SED TO
        TO 3E R07"13IC0 a; AT 10 Cwn, P031T103 ICL..Tt 3 TO
                                                                           R:LETATI Z TO S?IS.O OP
        CIlx33. 033 3e0A31 TO -!-S SLC31zz i'..E. 030 DW?fl3 T.Y.
         ARC3E 2%. 2733 PIL:T OF ATC'_-'I"c 29:ui:.r i           3JAL CO TACT '.ilia 03 CAIZZ3G
                                                                    CnL'zz3 CCR?OM?                       .
         DIRSC:i07 CY.'iw E3 or aJ TO sin DI P_LDIO Di?ECTIO.:                                       it
                                                                       CLt:•SI::C. +4fCSI 29 FLOig ;
         tan ?33 PAI:.i D C:3 SCOPE 32 CO:tA!J R. C3J LECAJ
                                                                              CBS 7.3.: ACCIZ?.A-A D:
         LO,? U3EAL CO.iaCT i1IT3 O3a'S E33 ALTIT3tB /,C-.53,C-CO 7T.
                                                                          PAZUTSO CC. SCOr>:
                            ^.J
         TO SFZ:D OP Z:2I:Lt:r • 16:0 r £.D II353D C[7 I:! :1:. DICCTIC.i
                                                                                   DO C0_
         FIC372Z 3CW-t t          ^33 £tRiW TO CLt 1, 3EJ^a 't P03 03 FICET Zt

         HALE. R.DSR'R 4ISWX..                                       .

                                                                   P.    1 C2 2 P2033


    J    V   4 J
               .9                                 .0
PET II
is SA:3 l:i' .3 vt.a sIn HL3 1133 Y:S:.^.I::G 5 ZAL!      03'S 07 SCOP S $-10,C. f
H£LQi Tar 8C97'3 iZCS£ 29 AND A'.C~Et 91. AT D?0 DC-Pf3,,. 60 ;CLI3 Tf'I a AtI::f
C;Ji3 in7ICG 7:Y.I ni    nn.     CazcI iC DI?4CTIOB AND az:f.:n J99I::G o. AIID 0t3;,r

I'0?:ZE:G Ci3COLA.4 PAT^.:37. CSL~."C.Ii:v' TO LI:S A'o.LZXST. Ti1'I 2NG 10-20 3CL3 :W
Caccv:G DI7=CTLJd CtTz ott°.B 7z7m,tr3 arm i7 £Ic35 or 15^A n. CL'9 AIRC!Wt
£'CihT:. F~tCd GO033 Y3333D wZ=aZ2: 5 iCLT3 03 033'5 BOT 1w:C:Di O:, 3VS Sri B?          '

119 arz.    I:&31COATIO:: 0' C3ji'3 OF A?C.3£ 23 nC;l 91 ZD C119 DSZ::G CviDGCTi.:,
HZ BA3'a I'.lLL 0TH Ci   HAfZ E'3 CO:IP!Ar B??0?T TO DS rf'T D/t 64T3 A.D. FOG:'.:.:
DP iE:i3AG wZLL;z SSi1T ALL ADD1L335.
HT
06/72532 TJLZ 3ZT:i


                                                  PAGE 2 01 2 P:.C3
                                                                                         J
                     r


 VAS Co:                                                         I.
'00 CTT L, Vj•.S 10
 0 071C

 VA5 001
 CO OTT D3 VA6 SC                            ,
 0 07OZCCZ
 Ed 0'022 647i AIR DIV DEF PS?IV'         LL ED  ii?`
 TO T.::/CG~+R .LDC'fa E       COL S??_T:iC3 COL      •
 Tom•:/CCR A` IC 491Zt •?A?u3 ?.t? E 0:30
 2zJ/7/I Es USAF WASE 25 DC                             ..
 7Tu::/CCc7R CTsEF OF 3ti- F PJAF 4.:53 DC
 Z'•i/cG•••3:oa+zwl ^f Ttfl 53 •
 Z°':I/C.7.-+aiPJSF ATT2 CCC 5 •r'u3Zi3
 nS/c;si?i':x EaLZF.sX : OtI SCOTIA
 •Sr- /C::-7.? 932:a AC;i0:1 isw:iiw A5.T IC3L.SID
 z3:i/Calni:Lx•r =f rig :i3VA acti'IA
                Rn+ :i AIR D3 C^:LC:7 512Wf AB :,1Iwsv3G.Z
 c^-„i/Ci-t2 CO;TI•z;•7AL AIR D CCiacin -c          ES C0L SW.W03 COL
 R,iEG3/CCD3 ri.•.•c in:: I:tt3      _:!C3
 Di
.1/    / /Cr+nDzrzzia/ / / /cO.J 157 R? ADO.l0 1S: AID ADDAO 165 TEES IS

 FOLiS'3.1 U? Rz?OaT 02 PER ±LL STATT       '.EJT3.   TF33 EEG IS I; 6 ?Ai.T3.

 lu:OP 7-3.                               :'1' iID IW NflC PEG 2W-2, DID 13 DEC 54. r.•;
             TER =oz2zl•T++:C P2?r3aT IS 53
                                   .•m..                  +u.• .aSC°
 TES M3 IS Ia' IEi 6 P,~TS. IT L+_n1D~    6 Si^v:+c'D STAT_ • S wi _ .}I.T CO:niiT~::. 1
                                                                                         a.,
 VITAL ti tLICr :C SICE2TEG.                                                               '
                                                                                         rys;
 925 1.       °i TILE AT ars CO"~adGL7 AT Ti TL~3 OF :+ r. I'~TAIL Si~~iti:G 0^ r+T_•.

 WT'C^i'.ti         IT }:A3 CALLcD TO T'+E ATYERI0;i OF Tr C?5i Ii: iE3 PC?S;APD PAh? CF •

_ i•3R AC?? TEAT TS P; TICDLm C3r:C: Sic iwtoo r_:ATIC 7CT.Ic: I;i TP.:.' 3.;'?.          AT

 TS TI:c, U?0:1 3LGETI:iG TEE C3c=CT :4rn12, I DID             ttCr rLtt Tcz 033z0r SiA3   •


 HATi50 A Vr?$ I?aW LiE to           Z.G ?,}+i Ct AT A ?:St?i0:: 02 A }OT 10 O'CLCC3

  R7 T:3 EORI±0 .        OOR ALTISODE AT nut TL•3 ws 15~v.'0 FEE; C••3 SADItC 325          ••   '

  DEC-}5E3.    ii     CRS'CT APPELBZD TO is vz Tay 313 AL?IT7D 0? OT ACTT. Ti-•
  SST Via .77WE1CI:zZ:T.+ T7 LICw IIPa :n .ZI:3 ➢EflZ APf0Z O7_OZ, aD ! Z1 C3CTr.

 VAS VISIZL2 23X3'n_Xi WCi D i0 iC TO E3 Ai I:iV3i3Iv^:i LAfR. }>I FIP.ST

  l•I?21SIC:: £A3 it?       IT WAS Tm L•.     LI TflC_3 O Sm?. Ol.Er3 JID Td&T.ITS

  EPSATIC 1.PI07 EQC 7        EH ATTTRTEY.ED TO EltCTIC3 ZD•OZ: CDi 3ZLSi2V- L? FO.tM


                                                            • PAGE 1 OF          PA+ •'
                      ®                                 .O.
I7rSO:7. 87••7.771' .'3 Tt• TLC T_t? '_•tc:' u:3 :1mI^_D ti7 c3:1cZazD ::[A^a rY
E%D PIc:CTD D? 4 ca 5 TA7OETS I7 T        S S.33 £121, I D_a5.'i To W3:iDER'f             IT

Tiu N3.4:Q.z STAR 0? Sc5.:.3I::G ELSE. BE^a:1EE:1' :1::. TI:2 .:+
                                                              E VQTIAL SIO9DG. .                 :.~5
                                                                       y~
JJID ti3 TD-3 f1 AT V • STA3TW on LT-DC !, t.UC.i '.;A3 AP:R:II:Gt^zLI y BCSR,
IS III ESTS:S%TE Tat? T"c. 03J-ZCT CEcow ITS P331TI011 WITH P=SfCT TG Tas !012103
BI APP3OII?LtTft 15 DCR~S OP EL?RATI3J ED 5                GPf1 AZtHu,3. MT2fl TICS

BE71'": .'1 fI0:?.A LiCLE C ELZIATI0:7 I:iCA'o;u'ED, t--3 CdJICT }DP'D 0:77 3? t53
SO3PEC:ZD IST3.3207 Lf3ZC n vc:           i2}C tiz EIznt OP ITS ERRATIC il3TI21

TO DIIT:QSE AND 0:7.^z AGAXU 11fOU T IT ICA3 P3SSI3LZ T.W IDR:1n0 3TAR.~
SIGn LT. PAUL DAIL? 10 163E67 CO-PILOT, EC-97 971'2 R_3(TDI W3B)

PART 2.    SAT 07032 T?Z3 DAT'1, I ICCEIVED A CALL PIG! 'ARCM! S1' A 20-97
£:7ROirz TO EAFS3:I EB, ffi9 POSITIC1 AT rCS TLC I7.u     - 2-'0 DECt S TEa 8, CO ;CWSJ I
                         223                                                                  ~1. •.1
                nn
PRQi TB13 3T;uL+..    ARCT1~,9-'1't P.-n.n
                                      •.. _'tID 3IC1TI^O Li G+-.0:0211 t'~3JECT I71 Tc•+'AIE':~t;;;:.

TO 131' Lna 0'1' ffi3,!.CF', 3LICS?IZ £301'^.. IIC:d, 11342::6 AT 1"ic•it s"IG3 SPZEDS.
DOcDI•L^ETZ •1'E?SFTZ, 'JZGRIE 29' A3Tfl A1BCRAri A°PI3A.LflL? 20 5$IS.3'TO
OF 'ARCfE 91' R.PO.?T_J A SICflZ•ct OP TE SA3            03JECT I11 Ts:. SE IC. ATIC.T. . +'
      TH£ 034W? X::3 D33CRIZED 13 P-aria A 4"3 EP3ATIC C0Ut3£, aWO S iBP
                                     -•P37TD :'1 :L^ itn
O3Z:GB3 ID EIPSCTIO-a. BOIL AIPCIWT IL                              11ZRIP. 1'A CLOUDS 1.3AT-

      SAR TEE3 ALTITODE THAI' ISP44 CADS-6 A PZPI2CTION.
SOEi .^
      AP?ROf:tATELT 07073 I 111'1D1 R.Dm CO:IACT WITH A TA?GT Tti ".Gin
                                                                      -

P03111101, A"D ALSO 1ST3 S;7nAL OI1f TSRCET3 SISC'r1TLI CLOSER TO CS STATIO1.
TB3 SICETID • 03JECT A' ARZ'D TO BI 1341:z WI 3L7.;L2 AT Ti33 TL•3 AVD EtO3TJ
C33TACT W3 WtT2:            701 s43JD WIw?E3. tEE Cta ;SRCL1T BE20?Z7• 430
AT 7.Z3 fl s'TP.:i C3:T-'CT 31=•...-"")1' TO E? •loWu I7C. Tea OT:GR CEODP 0: CJr•CT3 j
                                                                                     ti
DE?ECTED 0:7 1AD:B `maz IIOFnG wa FAST, s:errs It A cvm'n; inert3TU!.O
I11 tALB ?CS.`{MICl. D= TO 31W £!ZLTA EGTATIOU, iara i S?EZD AND CEAI;GI::0'C

O7 THESE tAJECI3, 3?E        CLCE SEAS `O? 17111J21Z. EStUAT! O7 SPETD WOW B
1,500 A10IS. :.31 02CD? C TARGETB tIM GZtCt                BPIIYLI 0.". T:1' EZICET FI:D
             .                                            2.GZ 2 C~            'AGE3      ;.~.
                           .
                               O


     AT Fa! 5,CCO - 1O,CCC .7 ZT.
                              ."..::OCL7 ,'.Ti^c.!?i :'J CI::.i:. 0.l T':   3iL•~ rJa=CT
•         I A3~ !??C33 33~ IP .
     DSI:G CAZIO:I, PCP A 2ITi2.? RSP3T. Z             PILOT C 'A1C:n291, LT P.E. Sria
                                                                                                     '-a
                 .•;C...                                                            C3JECT
                                                                    22~ EA.ZZ 70 srt .
                                                             A.n?POU t '
     iCP ~ A2~ GL~   7 cOla:~~ n
                               .c.;FD :aa• rr_ CT
                                                       AThO:CL:iEL. ?T    i2 S.Lc LOCA:.C:
     HAS •1.0 7fiL=3. 7t "03J CT WiS STILL HO7;SIO l                                     S~
                                                                     'j::D. Th  tR T3:i~7!i .
     AS TFL P'2GE DECP2)SED, Stu CBJECT EE_Ch2 ZLC.:tZi13:.CG iiniT-
     ROR13,A30DTT 10.D:L?3 tt C'ZCT TL'JE A TJ EAC:( SOv^,3.            'SDC!- E 29'•CLOSS D
                                                                     ?1D.'-.2TnZ DI?fC?'.
     HIu 7 18 1O:LES 0? 2ZC CSJZCT, TEEEi IT DIGS.. 23 MZZ OS? I:i A
                                                                               :(.43 ?f'JCt0Y, y
     iDAI:i A37+ 070 D.GIu^-S Tl1L. 'A.4C:2^n 2?' D''•?-icw TEAT ili C31CT
     $03.1.1)SD A:m CIZZtt.         ES SAID IT LcC:•vD LI:u I.3'lAS n CWSWG 0:7 IT A'.I

     LO:C1P.     AT        2n3 I P. Ti.35ED Pr:25SI0:? ncu 'DIC:an' (cy n0L C.T:ra) TO .. .

     'SCP?}3iw' A fC.ZT?ii ^i=:.4 T:- .'+ 03TCT. IrnT-izS2 UIS AP:^.'07      XiD'iCPJi3L21 1A~         `

     CISdPLSTED. , RA: tE 0? 03S'CT 3I t23 712 WAS 350 D2[P2ES TPT AT 63 :5L3.
          SHOPTLI : iL° Af23, A :d 3':iA2Z CD'...SCT yin             0,aJZCT WAS 1LSDE Cii o a

     ESICE?. Ici3P.. AL:ITDDE WAS 35,030 FEET.           'AZCT5 29' ICPD:T      n. :S 03JICT W3

     03nx::O 1PC3 PIO't^..R An ^eADI2:C PP.O:I vi u, Dr 70 LSS?::1'C O?? SWI'3 Rt?IGCTICI:'44
     07 IT, fl        ALSO 30x SSSAD PE$TIIICT    YISI0:;.

          V4!Y FIGBT? RICXIZ AtV.%t,             OJJECT HAS 110 }GLE3 10345 C? ^s.ES STATIO:i. -_y

    • FIGE:"ZR PIL02, 3EZO 56, Rt?GZtflb FZ3 RADAR ILU InnATI%t WE PZV3STZDI:                          "

     corxt 17311153101 rm AT.e.LPZ jS T3GAL 00t12AC2. IL:f,3::AR0 56 RE.TCWD 'fCELE•s
     P03ITIO:i, E1       C3rcT HAD 7ADf PEC-I 9I_i. 30tH AIP.CPA=T !at        UL'J 153 1lTIZ3 I:C     '.
                                             `^ iP~7 TO 1C.RZ:D?A' o 1 C7.:cSL: _,„',•:
                      R•• AIPC:Owes LSE i3A`iaes
       cn 0? T:i3 STA52_.i.
     EA..i
     I•ir L?L'SIZ, Tas3 7C 1E0 EACI 22W1RC3 EAP::O.'i. POTS LE$tD ?IT3U? i'D4TFLrtt' .
     IIICIDli:                                                                             .
     SICTW Em L'. CE73LE3 H. D3EI D'°AF S%;ac^2 DIP 643rd ACd SQ.


                                                                            P,1GES
• PART 3.      PACs ^a.y PTS;D OP 17:.0 5 n'LZ TO CZCO 6 7JL: 1955, I A3SII:!zD ;n                   „ ,i

  DUTI23 0      OD AT ~'-... 640TH WA SITS: AT APfO}3:A2LZ 0703Z, I ViS CALL2D
  IDTO OPYLITIC:13 BI Tl 3„ta03 COJf0LLZR, t0 ID Ti;A7 ADPI3SD'iC OP
      CBJEC^a3 BEI:10 PI<n^ED ON TS SSDSR. IS C Cr:ia ALL RJ' ARt: QP:7I!2IO2, IT WAS
 • TOuu'D T_:WI Sa°LPD;CrZO:S::G
                                                                                                T=n:a
           APPAOADIA:3TZ fCCC 1 CDLZ 1955 TO P?2a:T, PZ.PSCDICALLZ T.00C3 Tfl DAY .,;                3

  WE RATE BAD UT          IV?83IOa3"bAII3Ii10 0R TADAR BERd3 TO EE;;D"Tfw uu               G?OT9,i
' 1U' BALD F4SODIOALL"L, PICLD-DP T:3 i0G:3 3'n03: GF LA3BADC3 A:7i A:r2IC STi ISTrli3lt~,
  DUE TO         SZ1^T.4c'ft ILt1t3tW. AT 31 3 TI:2 Or T2E 3IGDFI::G3J 0_3 CtI„~t'JP;t                   '•
                                                                                                l~C{j'
                                                                                           mt

  TUE CA7A3ILIiTE3 Oe 07i RADAR 3f.°
  SIG:L'D 13T LT. AL13072 G. SCiBPACE AO-9!"' GD ELZC? 0 ICERJ 6/,0?! AC5
  PAP? A.      °J$ G7DJZ1 T?
                           S UA%ZGATOR GATE G3 A E ADi::G 6' 132 DZGREE3 TO :iAR:; Di..;;iuk

  APTEA LB TCR:v'D) TO TSAT SADI::G LT. SC'.:tcl }L01E i3 P.EPCRT OP 2B3 C3ZCT.
  •
                                                   "                             • r9[e:x
  OPZB ¶I 1 SE CALIu'7 IT I11 A°'7 UO7t VZ IT W3 ID HELP IP I V3AIPI D !frtT L SA! 4. _
  BECAflE I SA! T::a SA.s Tfl11G AT Anz03Iial LZ 133 3A.t.^.'. POSITION.
  ID.6TIfW 55Q3 OP 03 SY Ou P.u3QZ2.           tLtUC^' tZTSB≥tZD TART I WAS APPfN-
  IlTELZ $ I2LT3 CLD3ER TO 15 CSJECT SO S HAD HE CITE CHASE. • T               ,03JECT A2        .
  t3      TI:3 SLL4 m2     :--aT a 25,CCO ZEST. :C'AL2ITEJt3 WAS 18,000 Zn . 15
  DISTZC.Z SAA3 .L'PEOU-1.^rLT 33 HILL. WHEN I 1PST 3I          Tra mt Cant?, IT ?WT3D
  TO Tar LZf'? III WX Dtfl:TllE %0'JEU? AND A WtZ FLTT M3               ...    T.E.L. tm?.rz
  SLQI ItCRS:S3 OA DwPrA33S Nit SPA. IT $A3 A S=AZ D:al!a2E PAST 1OY3:C.T. IT.
  DID T     S T.2CE. 1u• TR3.il TO A     ADI::G fl? 03 DZCD 'w ASD THAT Pr• TIE iE1ac~a• A•
 12 O'CLCCS OR POSITION. VEIL; TAACII::O 'L2E Cant , IT :LADE SZWtAL TO1'3 :Ci^-
  SOB:R'AND SSS""tu AL T•T.•.3 TO aa ; SOT:i 1?SCi! H32 V I. fED BI EZ'S^uSC•.       ti31C'v_
  Ovii DI>:czz TO :EE 03d CT TO A.°?HO7L23.AEL2 12         ZS AD AT iUAT TAE I ~I
                                                                                      Hi


                                                                              PACE
       C


}Q P'iB .LD TFi         TJ I:;CFEA>,o iw 32_z SDR DGr TO P.Tzri:io LCA 0:! OIL, I 2

DZC?3!3Z }CI PCs C.iCZ !!T .       CiZ ItDICAZED .ua S:W''J'as AP:SO:Q:L:7-L: 210 uua

sa EQB. Vfl3 3          COT ',ev a:I 12 }Qw8 OF r: r. O3T'CTr IT a L?TCD A E IrX E
TO L1 i3TI}!1S^..7' ALTIT-J 3 OF Eztna 35,CCO A'ID LO,OW F?ZT. AT Oo^'}J;             IA32 ?:

CO'JTSCT WI2? ".      crcT H_CLu:. i:-.-.•. 309 1}7s DIR3CTU I:1 mO:'r •Oe us. A3^.-. 321 :4
BOSS FSCEta, :83 LIOTT EZGZ TO CET DI:C2R A'D DtLs +u:L WE CO;PL3LZ LO3T

SILT. IF WZ LW .^.Oj; S='1 z: •. HO:'73E or a z O3+CT J .W3 WO11D !L'4            i3OZT

W3 0:1!; A Efc8T Sri         DCT THE D:.~I:!IT,•, 1O?SZO^nL A'.D 1sT:ICAL }(OVZ    T23 G

T1   O3JZCT nT2D idi? Halm. THE CO3!C? 1113 SICSTZZ7,ET'A? IZ:ST 5 or }Q C2r4


       AT -05252 13 liZ )SE }LLXIaC CO:TACT WI^i OCl RZC34 HST l.2 &CZD
WITS A HRICiCZ LtC:T AT A2k7.O.`S:!2P.L? 1O,O&3 FaiT. IT WA3 D2W4 DS A!D TO OCR V P2: :

8.^.ADIEO l    t   Szu DIFE CTIO:I. IT lW F^i:ii7PD TO OB Lk           'S P33tTTOi AD•

TZCGD AEO.D A`u7 CE•3 DIPECTL? 5 C2 F.-.^17 T.T3 !G.DIVO OF 090 D=CP2E3. W
UAFIGATCR CALCZD }Q ATZ I2 O'1 TO TS C9JZCT, Hui' I DISRT".CA?D D I: flELtC IT1
WA3 £1OOTn AIRCP.;FT.       AFTU IT PASSED. Or POaITiO7, 13 LO3T CONTACT:
&C2T       LTi •fO:ssR E. S.'zm, JR. AO..1S5=O75 MRCP.!          C!tR IG97 97Z A9
                                                                                                    .a
F:1AF3)                                                                                        :.
PAiu^ 5.      X1.'3 T.7!!1ED 022 A"aA CGernou C? P.!?tt?tO, 4.93 W2 8ZZZ AP'A'L1±i.;z.Lz
0700; AD TJO3 OP A          ]DIu rat E.L°1!11 W ICI Nis 125 DYGPS.i'S: 33C3a^Lz T.i.?.'.~`hhZ.4}
'f. ..r' CC.TPAL ; 3?I!IED is or z       A33CP.An AT 7 :ff!Z3 OFF }tt L`F? ItD. 1?. :
P....If^D T:s> PO3ITiO:i D: YIS7AL CZI?;CT 0? WIllD AfeRAn. S°CBT4: T               ~.L•±s.'.~~'Ai ":

SO O'CLCCI TO W P333I?IC1,'I lonctD A iPIC:T IIC3'i.             AFm -COSSCLTAT1O? 1023
C3ZW }LTl.,3?3r 113 DZCIDW T'c.. LIST WAS ]lm::o- 473 RAPIDLZ. I DZCIED TO C.SLTi ;                 ''""

''E:Ct;43' COZROL TO 4zqI3Z T35 tic!!. I TOLD 'E.:n.O's' COi.TR~L Till! IT WAS
APPRDIP.{AtPELZ 10 O'CL:CI Tr .W P00:ZC}•AT Tai 15,000 to 2O,CCO fl?, Xt •


                                                 •Pj.C.i 5 C'b     P.O2S
                                                                             r-


                              0
                                                      r
z3TTX•lTz ,O                  •
                                   I ALSO TOLD T:~.T IT U'.3 Tzo7x:;c VZ 2 RAPIDLZ :JKzT:L::O
                                                                                   •                                               AC. .         n


TEO3E FL1I.~C SAC             S. S!3TLT ""R               i'3, 'ARc I        29' CAL;D 'S"RAC' C02T.0L AD
                                                                                                       •                       r                 ;
                                                                                           •4'—


 ERIFIZ :I1' ACCOv.TT Cl T?L 0330T.                    A'':='• ?03I TIV ID                             0; W.CaIE 29

TtrDISCU33IC.i OF 1-Z C347ECi ?•1A3 B' }1tiD TO A3 TO ITS ?OiIiIC:T F CT 'A3CtIIE 29!

I' r;.SiIED AI.L C?               ; C:II   29' ' I:mCT:LiTIC1 AID C           TI         D WATC G
                                                                                                I        T     03JET

VTIL A?              •• '?.LI 20 :1I23 ?C4 HAP. LC. FITID. F3'A ^:.E I:T:O?:L3.TIC:T 'I:R.'.CE'

GIvi:;C •a:.0                                - 'i i
                            1, I; Nt"3 A??:yam             i 'Z?CTtttc, 9t tlOLD iL:ti A:T i~.i:Z3                       P.

01 T      O        CT, SO I DECIDED TO W:TD AT IiAP:IJ:T AD CL;                          D F:'.Cd Tits i::.          t

SIG;T     LT. F.D       T W. 3C3;T=C2           A^-?73721 AIP.CR.'f C :••uR, XC—;7 97I                       A-'3 (:DI :.

PAR? 6.       '':lifi?'•+E FsilS. D OUT; R?.c' LI'.:C R'J;T AT AP'cRO                     A:ELT 070Z,              R.''i;J?.:~             •

OD OTR ::Cy1ARD COU:2E 2D :fE EZADR I, SC:i.;:1IICFi RZ?ORT Z3 SP.IC:.T LIC:tT TEAT Nr

MOVIIO 7=1Z FAST LTD E'RLTICALC. P10ZT A?23 EAT : w AIRCP JT CCTC•IA'TD                                                  3A

CEJECT LTD POI.`              IT OUT TO :E. I COULD SZ IT. IT L?JXZD LI'XE A V1                                          IGT
                                           • a 3 r.-...
 •Z rT ,
Z..CaI     +.
         Ll,as      .
               A S1',..~. NE n,G',+:;~ nor
                                       tv..t,..Ds , ti ISG.:T LTD Tt..siT N:,a
                                                                          WAS 'rSZ             • f„^
                                                                                         3? i2.•~ I.
                                                                                     FI..~1
                                                                               i:ta. FI R


NOTICED 2!JV . v":.           IT APPEAL 3?ATIO:TAtZI FOR QUITE A ';. ILE LD TFIT I c 13VZD Ii

EIt      • ^
         :IOZL.•RRLl
              -~''      ''"'r
                     OR 3CU                ~.I.Y D2?3GTI C:.~   AT DIr r .» - .,1 i Z .:. ~ ,      ..AC'd TtI:•::, 2n•

VE T           '      AIRC:A.~? TO , •SP IT AT 12 OtCLCCI ?331T10:1.                          'E:,:t..CE FI?32

X3         45 CELr3.RC4 ZE OZv=CT. TC S                          WAS FAIRI.I LZC;iT 02 TEE EC'1ZET A:'D D.2

C Z'Bi ST T:         C3 JEC2 APAR D V2 ERI G T.                  IT i;A3 A: I T3 EPI CTES W .3
                                                                                                                                               3,-;w
II?ORt        U3 THIS .tiE NE?3 1$ ) 1Z3 FP. ! IT.                 A7?      T:Z        Say N;3 CEi^iI`.:Yr LIC31".-.R

TEE C2 ECT B?CAI^ DI;•~ zR LiD                  3Ri DIFICOT TO 3                   A3Ou'i CSOOZ, IT DtSA:PEAT

Ca ?L!TEL2.A            •

SIC3+D LT. DAVID CUSLD'                     d.^- 06253 CC-1LT
                                                            i,            IC-9? 97Z JP3 (iDr ;.A'o3

FOLLCTA UP ?O          '3 :.2 LL           F0:« !    D AS 1I       VW AT T t3            SITE     J / /CC.rXDZ.,.1

BT

07f12~OZ LTL          7A6


                                                                   ~ACL 6 C.7 6 ?~.C?S


                                                                                                                                                     A
