{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:52:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 33, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1722063, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124252-would-contact-with-extraterrestrials-benefit-or-harm-humanity-april-22-2011.pdf", "source_sha256": "38afe240989e4c0f5347fdb8af149fa72b0b6b251151c97baca2b5ffb91a0879"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2070, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Would Contact with Extraterrestrials Benefit or Harm Humanity? A Scenario Analysis
Seth D. Baum,' Jacob D. Haqq-Misra,' & Shawn D. Domagal-Goldman?
1. Department of Geography, Pennsylvania State University. E-mail: sbaum@psu.edu
2. Department of Meteorology, Pennsylvania State University
3. NASA Planetary Science Division
Acta Astronautica, 2011, 68(11-12): 2114-2129
This file version: 22 April 2011
Abstract
While humanity has not yet observed any extraterrestrial intelligence (ETI), contact with ETI
'emains possible
comaiguences for humanity. However, any discussions of this guestion assuma eat coing
vill follow a particular scenario that derives from the hopes and fears of the author. In thi
aper, we analyze a broad range of contact scenarios in terms of whether contact with ETI woul
benefit or harm humanity. This type of broad analysis can help us prepare for actual contact with
ETI even if the details of contact do not fully resemble any specific scenario.
Keywords: extraterrestrials, contact, scenario analysis
1. Introduction
Humanity has not yet encountered or even detected any form of extraterrestrial intelligence
(EIl), but our efforts to search for E11 (SEII) and to send messages to E11 (ME1I) remain in
early stages. At this time we cannot rule out the possibility that one or more ETI exist in the
Milky Way, nor can we dismiss the possibility that we may detect, communicate, or in other
ways have contact with them in the future.! Contact with ETI would be one of the most
important events in the history of humanity, so the possibility of contact merits our ongoing
attention, even if we believe the probability of contact to be low.
A central concern regarding possible contact with ETI is whether the contact would be
beneficial, neutral, or harmful to humanity. This concern will help us decide, among other
' Throughout this paper we define the term "contact" broadly to include any way in which ETI has some impact on
physical. This includes human-ET interactions that only involve remote detection or communication without any
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3259, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
things, whether or not we should intentionally message ETI and what we should say if we do.
The short answer is that we do not know how contact would proceed because we have no
knowledge of ETI in the galaxy. Indeed, we cannot know for sure until after contact with ETI
actually occurs. Nevertheless, we do have some information that can help us at least make
educated guesses about the nature of contact with ETI. Developing and analyzing this
information may help prepare us for contact and increase the probability of an outcome that we
consider favorable.
There have been many previous analyses of and commentaries on how contact with ETI would
proceed. Unfortunately, this previous work tends to be quite narrow in the sense of only
considering one or a small number of possible contact outcomes. There appears to be a tendency
to jump to conclusions on a matter which remains highly uncertain and for which a broad range
of outcomes are within the realm of possibility. Such narrow and hasty thought ill prepares us
for actual contact. Instead, given the extremely broad range of possible contact outcomes, we
would be much better prepared by identifying and thinking through a broad range of possible
contact outcomes.
This paper presents a broad synthesis of available information regarding the possible outcomes
of contact with ETI. Our work is in the form of a scenario analysis: we analyze many possible
ETI contact scenarios in terms of whether and how they would harm or benefit humanity. In the
process, we draw upon numerous prior discussions of contact with ETI that cover a broad range
of possible outcomes, but tend to do so narrowly. Although contact with ETI has been discussed
in the scientific literature for over fifty years [1] and in science fiction at least since The War of
the Worlds by H. G. Wells in 1898, there has been relatively little effort to cumulatively analyze
the possible outcomes compared to the synthesis presented here. To the best of our knowledge,
the only previous broad synthesis is in the excellent work of Michaud [2]. The present paper has
some similarities to Michaud's work but also includes several new scenarios, a different
organizational structure that explicitly organizes scenarios in terms of harms and benefits to
humanity, and new discussion of scenario analysis as a contribution to our understandings of and
recommendations for possible ETI encounters.
Scenario analysis of ETI contact serves several purposes. First, contact scenario analysis is of
strong intellectual interest to the SETY and METI community and others, given the nuances and
challenges involved in imagining an ETI we have never observed. But this scenario analysis is
of practical value as well. An individual scenario is a narrative of a possible outcome of, in this
case, contact between humanity and ETI. Such scenarios can help us train our minds to
recognize patterns in actual outcomes. By "training our minds" we mean simply that our minds
grow accustomed to thinking about, identifying, and analyzing specific scenarios and variations
of them. The training process is thus simply reading and reflecting on the scenarios and the
encounter patterns found in them. The patterns of an actual encounter may resemble the
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
analyzed scenarios even if the specifics differ from the scenario details. By training our minds in
this way, we build our capacity to analyze and respond to actual contact with ETI. The scenario
analysis presented here thus holds practical value in addition to the noteworthy intellectual
insights that come from considering how contact with ETI might proceed. Additionally, by
considering a broad range of possible contact scenarios, including some that might seem
unlikely, we improve both the range of patterns our minds are trained for and the breadth of
intellectual insight obtained. This sort of broad scenario analysis can thus be an especially
fruitful process.
We organize ETI contact scenarios into three basic categories based on whether the
consequences would be beneticial, neutral, or harmful to us. Although the possibilities surely
fall along a spectrum along these lines, we believe these three bins represent a useful
categorization scheme. As defined here, beneficial contact would be desirable for humanity;
neutral contact would cause indifference for humanity; and harmful contact would be undesirable
for humanity. A relatively large number of the scenarios we consider fall within the harmful-to-
humanity category. ' We thus further divide these scenarios into two sections in which ETI are
either intentionally or unintentionally harmful. Note that the large number of harmful-to-
humanity scenarios does not imply that contact with ETI is likely to harm humanity.
Quantitative estimates of the probabilities of specific scenarios or categories of scenarios are
beyond the scope of this paper. Here we focus instead on the breadth and form of the possible
modes of contact with ETI. Before developing these scenarios, we present some background
information of relevance to the discussion that follows.
2. Relevant background
Some background information is relevant to many of the ETI contact scenarios discussed in the
rest of the paper and is thus worth considering separately and in advance of the scenarios. This
background concerns why we have not yet detected ETI (i.e. the Fermi paradox), the challenge
of interstellar communication, why ETI are likely to be more technologically advanced than
humanity, what we can learn about the ethics held by ETI from the study of ethics held by
humans, and the possibility of heterogeneity within an ETI population.
2.1 The Fermi paradox
So far, no extraterrestrial civilization has been unequivocally observed by humans. Nearly 50
years of listening for ETI transmissions has found no artificial signals in space [3-4], and the
search for ETI artifacts in the Solar System has also produced null results [5-7]. However, a
simple back-of-the-envelope calculation initially performed by physicist Enrico Fermi suggests
that ETI should be widespread throughout the galaxy [8]. Indeed, an advanced ETI civilization
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3373, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
could easily colonize the galaxy to form a Galactic Club among intelligent societies, a concept
popular in science fiction (such as the "United Federation of Planets" of Star Trek fame) that in
the nontiction literature dates back at least to Ronald Bracewell 19]. This conspicuous absence
of extraterrestrials is often referred to as the Fermi paradox [8] or the Great Silence [10] and
raises the question: if ETI should be widespread, then where are they? A number of resolutions
to the Fermi paradox have been proposed and explored [11-12], and three paradox resolutions
are worthy of consideration in our discussion.
One resolution to the Fermi paradox is that life, or at least intelligence, is rare and thus sparsely
distributed throughout the galaxy. This rarity could be because few intelligent civilizations form
[13] or because intelligent civilizations tend to have short lifetimes, perhaps because they quickly
destroy themselves [14-15]. It intelligence is rare, then it is quite unlikely that humanity would
have detected ETI. In the extreme case, humanity is the only intelligent civilization in the galaxy
or even in the universe. Along the same lines, other intelligent civilizations may be beyond the
physical limits of contact even if they do exist [15-17]. These scenarios are of limited value to
this paper because they imply that contact with ETI is impossible.
A second possible resolution to the Fermi paradox derives from the challenges of expanding
rapidly throughout the galaxy. Perhaps rapid expansion is unsustainable at the galactic scale, just
as rapid expansion is often unsustainable here on Earth. This suggests that the absence of
extraterrestrials might be explained by the fact that exponential growth is an unsustainable
development pattern for intelligent civilizations [18], a response to the Fermi paradox known as
the Sustainability Solution [19]. According to the Sustainability Solution, rapidly expanding
civilizations may face ecological collapse after colonizing the galaxy, analogous to the fate of
Easter Island [20]. On the other hand, the galaxy could be teeming with ETI that expand too
slowly to have reached Earth yet [21]. 'These slowly expanding ETI civilizations could still be
detected by us or send us messages, and their nature as slow expanders has some implications for
contact scenarios.
A third response to the Fermi paradox suggests that ETI are actually already widespread
throughout the galaxy but are somehow invisible to us. The ETI could be unintentionally
invisible, if it just happens to take some form that is undetectable to or otherwise undetected by
humans.
Alternatively, the ETI could be intentionally invisible. The intentional form of this
solution is sometimes known as the Zoo Hypothesis [22] because it implies that ETI are treating
Earth like a wildlife preserve to be observed but not fully incorporated into the Galactic Club.
This idea has been popularized through the Star Trek series as the "prime directive" for non-
interference with a primitive culture. The Zoo Hypothesis thus implies that ETI could make
contact with humans at any time. Perhaps such stealthy ETI will reveal themselves once Earth
civilization has reached certain milestones. They may be waiting until we have reached a
sufficient level of sophistication as a society such as the start of a METI program or the
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 3213, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
discovery of light speed travel [22-23], or they could be applying a societal benchmark such as
sustainable development or international unity. The possibility that the Zoo Hypothesis explains
the Fermi paradox has several important implications for contact scenarios.
2.2 Interstellar communication
Even if ETI exist in the nearby galactic vicinity, this does not necessarily imply that
communication with them will be possible or straightforward. One major challenge is selecting
the frequency at which to broadcast and listen [24]. The electromagnetic spectrum consists of a
continuum of wavelengths for communication that includes radio, microwave, infrared, visible,
ultraviolet, and x-ray bands. Searching this entire range is a monumental and nearly impossible
task, so we choose particular wavelengths that seem more probable for interstellar
communication. For example, the 21 cm hyperfine transition of neutral hydrogen was the first
suggestion for a communication wavelength [1]. The water hole at a wavelength of 18 cm is
another popular choice for SETI [24], and recent analysis has suggested that we shift our focus
toward higher frequencies [25]. However, because there is an infinite number of wavelengths for
interstellar communication, we must acknowledge the possibility that ETI may be transmitting or
listening at wavelength ranges that we have not yet considered. The possibility also remains that
ETI do not use electromagnetic radiation for communication but instead have discovered some
other method (possibly something more efficient or effective) for exchanging information across
astronomical distances.
Communication via electromagnetic radiation is limited by the time required for a signal to reach
its destination, i.e., the speed of light. On Earth, electromagnetic communication is nearly
instantaneous because of the short distances involved. However, galactic communication occurs
over astronomical distances so that even a message traveling at light speed will take a long time
to reach its destination. For example, communication with ETI on a planet just 50 light years
away-which is relatively close by galactic standards-will still take place on a timescale of 100
years. As Sagan [15] notes, this makes communication with ETI an intergenerational project:
effective communication across astronomical distances will require unprecedented cooperation
that spans several human lifetimes. This difficulty in communicating across such vast distances
also might limit the ability for ETI to engage in interstellar warfare for the simple reason that the
communications problem renders such warfare too logistically difficult to coordinate [26];
peaceful endeavors such as the formation of a Galactic Club may face similar logistical
challenges. Such physical limits on interstellar communication by ETI are in turn limits as to
how ETI could more generally come into contact with and affect humanity.
Another implication of these long communication times across the galaxy is that ETI might
become alerted to our presence without us realizing it. Communication with electromagnetic
waves on Earth has been used for nearly one hundred years, during which time our radio shows,
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 3050, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
television programs, and mobile phone conversations have isotropically leaked into space. It
ETI search for us just as we search for them, i.e. by scanning the sky at radio and optical
wavelengths for any type of interstellar communication [4], then they might detect our leakage
signals. Advanced ETI within 100 light years could receive our earliest radio transmissions;
those less than 50 light years away could watch our television shows [27]; and those less than 10
light years away could receive our earliest intentional METI attempts [28]. Thus, the radiation
that has been unintentionally leaking and intentionally transmitted from Earth may have already
alerted any nearby ETI to our presence and may eventually alert more distant ETI. Once BIl
become alerted to our presence, it will take at least as many years for us to realize that they know
we are here. During the intervening time, ETI can respond to our presence or prepare for contact
in ways that we would have no knowledge of or influence on.
Even if humanity can successfully exchange signals with ETI, there is no guarantee that the
information will be successfully communicated. In order for information to be exchanged, it is
also necessary that humans and ETI understand the contents of each others' messages. It will
likely be difficult at first to communicate anything subjective about human experience, emotions,
and expressions, so mathematical conversation may comprise our first few exchanges with ETI
[29]. It may eventually be prudent to develop a framework for METI so as to increase the
probability of successful communication anytime a transmission is sent from Earth [30]. Perhaps
such schemes will succeed in effectively communicating with Ell. However, our extreme
ignorance about the nature of any ETI means that we cannot rule out the possibility that we will
fail or at least severely struggle to exchange information with them.
2,3 The advanced nature of extraterrestrials
If contact between humans and ETI is possible, then it is important to consider the capability of
ETI to cause us benefit or harm. This information is important across nearly the full breadth of
contact scenarios. Although we cannot know the level of technological sophistication achieved
by ETI, we do have a compelling reason to believe that ETI would be significantly stronger than
us and therefore highly capable of causing our total destruction. This point has been raised
repeatedly throughout the literature [1,4,14-16,31-33].
The reason to believe that ETI would be more advanced is because humans and human
technology are relatively recent phenomena in the history of Earth. We have only had radio
communication for about a century, or just a few generations, which suggests that advancer
lechnology can develop quickly compared to evolutionary timescales. Following this reasoning.
t is likely that any extant ETI has been around much longer than us and would have developed
younger than us, the very ability to contact us would likely imply progress beyond that which our
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3193, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
travel; a society that has these capabilities is almost certainly more technologically advanced
than we are. If their communications are directed toward a general audience and not only
intended for humans or Earth, then they may also be more advanced in their ability to
communicate across cultural barriers. This is reminiscent of Arthur C. Clarke's insight that "any
sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic". If ETI are indeed more
advanced, then any form of contact will likely proceed according to the ETT's desires, whatever
those might be [34]. For example, we are almost guaranteed to lose in a fight between us and
them, and there is a strong likelihood that such a loss would be so severe that we would cease to
survive as a civilization. On the other hand, if ETI decide to use their superior abilities to help
us, then they may be able to help solve many of our problems.
2.4 Extraterrestrial ethies: Selfishness and universalism
As noted above, if ETI are significantly more advanced than humanity, then the outcome of
contact may depend primarily on ETI desires. However, this leaves open speculation as to the
specific desires of ETI and raises the question of what ethical framework they follow. Much can
be said about ETI ethics. Here we focus on one key aspect: selfishness vs. universalism. In
rough terms, a selfish ETI is one that desires to maximize its own self-interest, whereas a
universalist ETI is one that desires to maximize the interests of everyone, regardless of which
civilization they are part of. But this is a crude explanation of selfishness and universalism;
more precision is needed for our purposes in this paper.
As a starting point, it is helpful to think of ETI as trying to maximize some sort of value
function.? Specifically, they are trying to maximize intrinsic value, which is something that is
valuable for its own sake. Intrinsic value contrasts with extrinsic value, in particular
instrumental value, which is valuable because it causes additional value. One can place intrinsic
value on many different things, such as life, ecosystems, happiness, knowledge, or beauty.
Human ethics is often anthropocentric in the sense that it places intrinsic value only on human
phenomena, such as human life, human happiness, or other human factors. Such
anthropocentrism is selfish on a civilizational scale because it involves humans only placing
intrinsic value on the interests of their own civilization. In contrast, a universalist ethical
framework would place equal intrinsic value on certain phenomena regardless of which
civilizations possessed these phenomena. For example, a universalist civilization that places
intrinsic value on life will place equal intrinsic value on all life, regardless of which civilization
(or non-civilization) the life is part of. In this case, the civilization will try to maximize the total
amount of life, regardless of whose life it is maximizing. If instead it places intrinsic value on
some phenomenon other than life, then it will try to maximize that phenomenon wherever it
occurs.
2 The discussion here is derived from the more detailed discussion found in the work of Baum [34].
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3183, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Conflicts between humans are often, though not necessarily always, rooted in selfishness. These
conflicts include struggles for power, land, resources, prestige, and many other instruments of
self-interest. Even when human conflicts have overtones of being for some higher purpose, such
as for liberty or against oppression, the basic desire for the survival and flourishing of the self
often remains a core motivation. Likewise other conflicts we see throughout the sentient animal
kingdom appear to be motivated by the desire for instruments of self-interest such as survival,
food, or territory [35]. While non-sentient species (animal or otherwise) may also appear to act
in their own self-interest, it is inappropriate to attribute intent to them because intent is
presumably a property of sentience.
It is worth noting that the analysis in this paper is in a sense selfish in that it focuses on benefits
and harms to humanity. Throughout the paper, we do not consider how contact with humanity
could benefit or harm either the ETI or any other entities affected, including other entities on
Earth and elsewhere in the galaxy. By focusing on benefits and harms to humanity, we do not
intend to advocate for a selfish ethics. Instead, this focus is simply an expository tactic aimed at
keeping this article reasonably concise. In our view, consideration of impacts of contact to
nonhumans is important and would be well worth considering in future work.
2.5 Possible ETI heterogeneity
The scenario analysis presented throughout this paper assumes that any given encounter will
follow one general trajectory. The encounter might benefit, be neutral to, or harm humanity for a
certain reason, but the encounter would only have one of these outcomes and follow one general
trajectory to reach this outcome. This follows from the idea of a homogenous ETI, i.e. an ETI
with one defining attribute or combination of attributes that dominates the encounter. The
attribute could be the ETI's strength, ethics, politics, or something else. If it is the case that the
ETI has one defining attribute or combination of attributes, then it is reasonable to expect one
general trajectory for the encounter. However, this requires a homogenous ETI population.
It is possible that an ETI would have a heterogeneous population instead of a homogenous one.
Evidence for this can be found in the human population, which features a highly diverse mix of
technological abilities, ethical views, national identities, and other attributes. For example, in the
event of an ElT encounter, humanity may be fiercely divided on whether to respond peacetully
r with protective aggression. ETI may be similarly divided. At a minimum, humanity'
iversity provides proof of the principle that intelligent civilizations can be heterogeneou
The possibility of ETI heterogeneity suggests that an encounter might not follow one general
rajectory but instead could have multiple trajectories in series or perhaps even in parallel. For
xample, an encounter could rapidly change form if a shift in power occurred within the ETI
leadership. Or, we might receive mixed signals from the ETT if it lacks a single unified
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1719, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
leadership structure; perhaps several ETI factions or nations that originate from the same home
world will make contact with us, each in pursuit of different objectives. The possibilities of ETI
heterogeneity and multiple trajectories are worth keeping in mind when considering the specific
encounter scenarios that could occur.
Having considered these points of background information, we can now proceed to specific
scenarios of contact between humanity and ETI. An overview of these scenarios is provided in
Fig. 1.
Beneficial
Mere detection
Philosophical implications
Cooperative extraterrestrials
Discussion of science and mathematics
Advice in avolding global catastrophe
Solutions to problems on Earth
Uncooperative extraterrestrials
Humanity successfully overcomes a threat
Neutral
Invisible to us
Intentionally hiding
Noticeable but indifferent
Uninteresting and non-useful
Mild nuisance
Harmful
Intentional harm
Selfish ETT
Ell eat us
Tensiave
il attack?
Universalist ETI
To improve galactic infrastructure
To more efficiently use our resources
If we are seen as a threat
Unintentional harm
Physical hazard
Transmission of disease
Invasive species
Mechanical harm
Act of incompetence
unfriendly Artificial Intelligence
self-replicating probes
physics experiments
Information hazard
Computer virus
Biological hazard
Demoralizing cultural impac
Fig. 1. Overview of the contact scenarios presented in this paper.
3. Beneficial to us
The most optimistic scenarios assume that contact with ETI would somehow benefit humanity
(Figure 1, left column). These scenarios are broadly popular: survey results have shown that
many people across the world anticipate that contact with ETI will benefit humanity in some way

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3010, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[36-37; see also 38]. The nature of this benefit could range from simple remote detection of
intelligent life elsewhere to more extensive contact with cooperative ETI. There is also at least
one set of scenarios in which we benefit from contact with uncooperative ETI. While we cannot
know whether an ETI would be cooperative, we present some reasons to suspect that they would
be cooperative by developing in some length an argument based on the Sustainability Solution to
the Fermi paradox.
3.1 Mere detection
Mere detection of ETI refers to scenarios in which the entirety of contact is limited to the
discovery that ETI exist. In other words, we detect the presence of ETI and thus can confirm
their existence but have no further contact. This means no communication, direct contact, or any
other possible contact mode. Here we argue that mere detection would provide a nontrivial
benefit to humanity.
If ETI do exist within the galaxy, then confirmation of their presence would have profound
implications for human science, philosophy, religion, and society. This point has been noted
repeatedly throughout the literature [15,33,39-41]. Indeed, ongoing SETI activities are based to
a large degree on the premise that humanity wants to learn about ETI. One reason for this is that
the discovery of ETI would answer the deep and longstanding philosophical question of whether
we are alone in the universe. This in turn relates to the question of our role in the universe as
intelligent beings. Humanity has a strong interest in obtaining answers to these major questions
and thus would benefit tremendously from the mere detection of ETI.
Some people might consider mere detection to be harmful to humanity. These people include
those with religious perspectives and other worldviews that depend on the idea of humanity (and
Earth-life more generally) playing a unique and privileged role in the universe (e.g., [42-43]).
The detection of ETI could challenge these worldviews and therefore be perceived as harmful by
those who hold such beliefs. However, this perception of harm depends on a philosophical
mistake. The existence of ETI in the universe is independent of whether or not they have been
detected by humanity. It is the existence of ETI that challenges such worldviews and not the act
of detection. If ETI do in fact exist, then the harm has already been done in the sense that such
worldviews are already invalid. Detection simply alerts us to this invalidity. This alert itself
might be classified as a benefit or harm, because of its affects on the wellbeing of those whose
worldviews are challenged with the discovery of ETI, but this is seemingly a lesser matter thar
the broader benefits of mere detection.
More troubling is the possibility that detection could initiate or exacerbate conflicts in our
society. The conflict could be over how to interpret or reply to such a discovery. There are
already disagreements over how to message to ETI, whether or not we should, and who should
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2985, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
speak for humanity; such disagreements would become much fiercer if ETI were detected.
Meanwhile, the groups whose worldviews would be challenged could respond in harmful ways if
they feel threatened, nullified, or otherwise worsened by the discovery or the intent to reply.
While we hope that detection would unify humanity towards positive outcomes, the opposite
result remains entirely possible.
While mere detection of ETI would be beneficial for the insight it offers, these benefits could be
limited. That is, mere detection would leave much of humanity's situation intact. Perhaps mere
detection would be on par with the Copernican revolution in that it would change human thought
but not radically alter our geopolitics [44]. So while mere detection may offer net benefits, these
benefits are likely not very large, especially relative to the benefits and harms found in many
other contact scenarios.
Regardless of their magnitude, the impacts of mere detection serve as a baseline set of impacts
for almost all other contact scenarios. This is because nearly all other contact scenarios involve
detection along with other forms of contact. The exceptions here are contact scenarios that do
not involve detection, which include scenarios in which ETI manipulate our world (in good ways
or bad) while hiding and scenarios in which ETI destroy us without our having the opportunity to
notice the ETI. These scenarios are discussed further below.
Even if we receive no more than a simple greeting or passive artifact from a distant ETI
civilization, it will at least tell us that life has developed more than once in the galaxy and that
human-like technology to broadcast across space has been invented elsewhere. Advanced ETI
may have little to no interest in a society as primitive as Earth, but if they do acknowledge our
presence and initiate communication, then even this knowledge will benefit humanity.
3.2 Cooperative extraterrestrials
If contact with ETI involves more than mere detection, then it is possible for humanity to receive
additional benefits by cooperating with the ETI. The nature of these benefits depends on the
degree of ETI cooperation - that is, it is unlikely that uncooperative ETI would benefit humanity.
This is because ETI are likely to be much more advanced than humanity and would therefore be
capable of dictating the terms of contact. Thus cooperative ETI would have the ability to bring
benefits to humanity, just as uncooperative ETI would likely harm humanity.
An initial scenario of cooperative ETI involves friendly and informative communication between
our respective civilizations. Assuming ETI are sufficiently interested in humanity (which is not
guaranteed, given that they would likely be much more advanced), they may choose to maintair
communication at length to discuss mathematics, physics, and chemistry (29] and to learn more
about Earth life. It is reasonable to assume that the general principles of physics and chemistry
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 2963, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
apply everywhere in the galaxy, even if mathematical descriptions of these physical phenomenon
differ among intelligent civilizations. This type of dialog with ETI may require that we first
develop a common mathematical language using physical observables that are known by both
civilizations (such as properties of neutral hydrogen). In a more remarkable and unlikely case,
we may learn that ETI occupy some region of space where different or unknown physical
principles apply, which would certainly be a unique discovery for humanity. Thus through such
would be larger - potentially much larger.
Depending on the nature of information shared through communication with ETI, there could
also be more in the way of practical, non-intellectual benefits. An advanced ETI may be capable
of solving a great many of humanity's problems, such as world hunger, poverty, or disease.
Benevolent ETI may even design their first message to contain information on how to avoid
technological catastrophe in order to help less developed civilizations succeed [45]. From
humanity's perspective, this is the best-case scenario for ETI contact. However, while we
suspect that the basic principles of physics and chemistry apply across the universe, it is
somewhat less likely that ETI knowledge would be useful in addressing social issues on Earth.
The usefulness of ETI knowledge, combined with the willingness of ETI to employ it on our
behalf, plays an important role in the benefits that a cooperative ET1 would bring to humanity.
We do not know if ETI would be cooperative, but we have several reasons to suspect that they
would be. Noncooperation can be a risky and harmful strategy, and noncooperative civilizations
may tend to have shorter lifetimes as their noncooperation eventually leads to their demise. For
this reason, a long-lived civilization that explores the galaxy may have transcended any
aggressive patterns out of the need to maintain long-term survival [36,46]. It is also possible that
intelligent civilizations may inevitably develop cooperative tendencies as part of their
evolutionary process [44,47]. However, there are also reasons to suspect that evolution would
proceed along different, less desirable trajectories [48].
Another reason to suspect that ETI would be cooperative follows from the Sustainability
Solution to the Fermi paradox. A corollary of the Sustainability Solution is that extant ETI
ivilizations in the galaxy may be less prone to violence and destruction in the event of contac
his corollary follows from the tendencies of sustainable human populations
On Earth, sustainable human populations tend to be more protective of their ecosystems. This
rotectiveness can be for either of two reasons. First, humans can protect ecosystems for thei
wn benefit. This protection is known as conservationism and involves humans placing intrinsi
value on themselves. Second, humans can protect ecosystems for the ecosystems' benefit. This
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 3005, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
protection is known as preservationism and involves humans placing intrinsic value on the
ecosystems. (See [49] for a similar approach to environmental ethics in the context of
terraforming Mars.) In either case, human populations that follow a sustainable mode of
development are less likely to expand for lack of resources, although they may choose to explore
out of sheer curiosity. ETI populations may be similar in this regard [50]. Thus, if exponential
growth is in fact unsustainable on the galactic scale as Haqq-Misra and Baum [19] suggest, then
we are much more likely to encounter a long-lived ETI civilization that follows a sustainable
development pattern. Such a civilization may have no need to consume Earth systems (or
humans) because they will have already found a way to effectively manage their resources over
long timescales. Therefore, the possible unsustainability of long-term rapid expansion decreases
the probability that ETI will destroy us. However, there is a scenario in which sustainable ETI
would destroy us - specifically if the ETI is expanding at the maximum rate possible given its
sustainability constraints. This "maximally expansive" scenario is one of the "harmful to
humanity" scenarios discussed below.
3.3 Uncooperative extraterrestrials
Given that ETI are likely much more advanced than human civilization, contact with
uncooperative ETI seems likely be harmful to humanity. Harm from uncooperative ETI is
discussed in detail in Section 5. However, there are certain scenarios in which contact with
uncooperative ETI would benefit humanity. These are scenarios in which ETI attempts to harm
us but fails. Perhaps the ETI, no matter how strong or powerful, just happen to be vulnerable to
something humanity has. This is illustrated in the conclusion to The War of the Worlds, where
the invading Martians are rendered helpless by infection by Earth microbes. Or perhaps
humanity somehow goes against the odds and defeats the ETI. This latter scenario is widespread
throughout science fiction, including in major Hollywood films such as Independence Day
(1996). In these scenarios, humanity benefits not only from the major moral victory of having
defeated a daunting rival but also from the opportunity to reverse engineer ETI technology. A
final scenario involves a second ETI learning of our situation and coming to our rescue, again
leaving us better off than we were to begin with. Scenarios such as these might make for quality
entertainment, but they also appear rather unlikely. Still, such contact scenarios are possible and
thus worth including in this analysis.
4. Neutral to us
Another set of scenarios involves contact with ETI that are neutral toward us (Figure 1, center
column. Neutral here means that humanity is indifferent to contact with ETI: we are just as
well-off with it as we are without it. There are two fundamental ways in which ETI could be
neutral. The most straightforward way is that ETI have no impact on us at all. Here it is
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3024, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
important to recognize that ETI would have a profound impact on humanity if we simply become
aware ot its presence - that is, through mere detection, as discussed above. Indeed, the discovery
of Ell could well be the most profound and important discovery that humanity has ever made.
Thus, for ETI to have zero impact on us, they must go undetected. In other words, ETI will have
no impact on us only if they remain invisible to us.
The other way in which EXI could be neutral is if they have an impact on humanity, but the
cumulative effect of that impact is neutral. In this case, humanity becomes aware of the presence
of ETI. As discussed above, detecting ETI is generally considered beneficial for humanity.
Therefore, if we detect ETI and are neutral toward them, then there will have to be some harm in
order to offset the benefit of contact. It is unlikely that this harm would precisely offset the
benefit of detecting ETI (and any other benefits that might come with contact), so here we
consider scenarios in which the offset is of approximately the same magnitude, which results in a
net impact that is roughly neutral.
4.1 Invisible to us
There are several scenarios in which ETI could be invisible to us in the sense that we do not
detect the presence of any ETI. All of these scenarios assume that ETI do in fact exist, but we do
not detect their presence, perhaps because we are physically unable to do so. As far as humanity
is concerned, invisible extraterrestrials could be no different than non-existent extraterrestrials if
they both have no impact on us. This scenario would be completely neutral to us. However, it is
not necessarily the case that an invisible ETI would have no impact on us.
One invisibility scenario involves ETI that intentionally hide from us. This corresponds to the
Zoo Hypothesis of the Fermi paradox. ETI could have the capability of hiding from us given the
likelihood of their superior technology, and there are many ways that ETI could remain
undetected, by us if it chooses to do so. The simplest approach would be to hide among the
asteroids and observe us at a distance [51-54]. In this case, such ETI will cease to be invisible to
us when we have searched enough of the asteroid belt to detect signs of their presence, such as
mining on asteroids [55-57], excess infrared radiation from spacecraft [7,58], or intelligent
conversational space probes [59]. A more sophisticated approach would eliminate all outgoing
electromagnetic signals by to hide any signatures of its presence, and Ell With even greater
Fored to let pre an empty engine a virtual planetarium surrounding Barth so that we are
Depending on the form of the intentional hiding, the scenario need not be strictly neutral.
Deardorff [23] argues that hidden ETI may actually be beneficial because they know we are here
and presumably check up on us from time to time. Perhaps they do have our best interests in
nind and will initiate friendly contact when we begin a long-term METI program [23] or when
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3299, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
we start conversing with an intelligent space probe [59]. This scenario may even have some
implications for human behavior that are somewhat parallel to scenarios in which humanity is
actually the manifestation of a computer simulation [61]. A sustainable ETI may be hiding from
us to see if we can turn into a sustainable society on our own before we gain the ability to travel
between stars. Such a society would be temporarily neutral to us, but potentially harmful or
beneficial to us in the long term.
Another possibility is that ETI would unintentionally escape our notice [32]. Even if they took
no extraordinary measures to remain concealed, ETI that pass by Earth may draw as much
attention from humans as a passing-by scuba diver would alert a sea anemone by taking a
photograph. This could be because ETI take a different physical form than Earth life - a form
that we are unable to recognize - or because their technology is unobtrusive enough that we fail
to take notice. Although it is common to assume that extraterrestrial life will most likely be
carbon-based and require liquid water, there are a number of suggestions for more exotic
configurations of life. These include alternative biochemistries based on alcohol solvents or
silicon [62-63], a shadow biosphere that invisibly coexists with the life we know [33,64], pure
energy beings that lack a physical form, and even residence between multiple universes [65-66].
In the same way, we may fail to notice ETI messages that are transmitted at a different
wavelength range than we typically listen to. In such a scenario, ETI are actively attempting to
communicate with us, but we miss the message because our search efforts are less than
comprehensive. ETI may be interested in observing the Earth system for scientific purposes or
may simply be galactic tourists passing through the Solar System. But as long as they refrain
from significantly interfering with humans or our environment, these ETI provide no threat or
benefit to our existence.
It is also plausible that nearby ETI simply have no desire to communicate with us. Non-
expansive ETI that pursue a sustainable development pattern may also find all the contentment
and meaning they need on their own planet so that they have no desire for interstellar
communication [41]. They may have taken up transcendental spiritual practices that focus their
efforts inward rather than outward [39], or they might limit their space exploration to passive
interstellar probes [31,67-70]. Perhaps ETI actually do inhabit nearby star systems and detect
our radio leakage but have no plans to send a response until we send them a more intentional
message [23,39]. They may be unimpressed with the quality of our broadcasts, or they may
choose to conserve their resources and decide that interstellar communication is too expensive
For our purposes here, these non-communicative ETI are invisible all the same
Finally, we must acknowledge the possibility of scenarios in which ETI are too far away for
communication. It may be that ETI have no desire to maintain long-term communication with
us, but they also may be too physically distant from Earth to consider communication [15-17].
An ETI broadcast from another galaxy, for example, may not have yet reached Earth and would
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3178, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
probably be too faint to detect with modern technology. Likewise, ETI that live beyond 100
light years from Earth would not have detected our radio leakage and may not yet know of our
presence. Even if intelligent life is common in the universe, it may still only arise once or twice
within a galaxy [13] so that the likelihood of interstellar communication is diminished. Then
again, the galaxy may be full of non-expansive ETI that may still embark upon interstellar radio
communication but are too far away for us to have yet received their messages. Human
expansion in space may lead to eventual contact with non-expansive ETI, but aside from this
possibility, non-expansive ETI will remain invisible to us and have little influence on humanity.
4.2 Noticeable but indifferent to us
It is possible that humanity could succeed in identifying ETI in the galaxy, only to find that we
are indifferent to the cumulative experience. This may seem unlikely, given that the discovery
that extraterrestrials exist elsewhere in the galaxy would have wide-reaching implications.
Nevertheless, there are several scenarios in which our evaluation of the encounter could be one
of indifference.
As an initial scenario, suppose that planet-finding missions successfully identify an extrasolar
terrestrial planet orbiting a Sun-like star with an atmospheric composition similar to Earth [71].
Follow-up observations with radio telescopes reveal unintentional electromagnetic leakage
coming from the planet, which suggests the presence of intelligent life. However, suppose
further that we decode this leakage to find no more than the ETI equivalent of old television
shows and obscure military transmissions. These broadcasts may contain next to nothing in
terms of information usable by humans, and the public may quickly lose interest in non-
responsive ETI with uninteresting messages [36]. Even active ETI broadcasts that are targeted
toward Earth may contain information that we find useless or esoteric. Remote observation of an
ETI planet may also reveal strikingly different chemical compositions between their world and
ours. ETI that originate from a gas giant planet, for example, may have followed a completely
ditferent evolutionary trajectory that leaves little room for biological similarity between us and
them. Communication with such ETI may provide little useful information for humans. After
all, an ETI society that eats only hydrogen might not have any practical information relating to
development issues on Earth, and the vast difference in biology might render them unable to
communicate with us at all. If the search for life finds that the galaxy is in fact teeming with
ETI, then uninteresting ETI planets such as these will likely fall to low priorities for making
contact.
Another scenario involves us finding that contact with ETI creates a mild nuisance or requires
more effort than we would like to spend. The film District 9 (2009) highlights a contact scenario
where we discover a helpless ETI crew that requires human assistance in order to survive [72].
Placed in a temporary refugee camp, the ETI in District 9 display a wide range of temperaments,
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3000, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but their overall presence annoys the humans because the ETI refugee camp seems to be a
permanent fixture. Similarly, we may discover through remote messaging that Ell need our help
but provide little in return, so that contact with ETI eventually begins to drain human resources.
Under different circumstances, perhaps ETI make contact with Earth to welcome us into the
Galactic Club but only after we complete a set of required bureaucratic tasks. ETI that make
contact with Earth will certainly be more technologically advanced than humans today, so it is
entirely plausible that the requirements to enter a Galactic Club will be beyond our abilities. In
these scenarios, contact with ETI benefits humanity by confirming the presence of life
elsewhere, but the consequences of contact are sufficiently disruptive, annoying, or complicated
that human civilization remains indifferent.
A final scenario involves disagreement within human civilization regarding whether or not
contact has occurred. The simplest conditions for this to occur would be if we received a
message from ETI that cannot be unambiguously decoded. No SETI signal has yet been
identified as extraterrestrial in origin, and if we do ever stumble upon an actual ETI broadcast
then there could be a long and tedious process to demonstrate its authenticity. Less probable
modes for this form of contact have been explored in films such as Contact (1997) and K-PAX
(2001) in which the nature of the ETI is only realized by a handful of humans and dismissed by
the rest. If our detection of ETI lacks an obvious and unambiguous signal, then different humans
- even including different ETI researchers - could reach different conclusions on the question of
detection. Any benefits of mere detection could be offset by the turmoil of the disagreement. A
scenario involving more than mere detection could also still create conflict and disorder, but this
outcome seems less likely.
5. Intentional harm tọ us
The last scenarios we consider are those in which contact with ETI is harmful to humanity
(Figure 1, right columni). This is a particularly important set of scenarios because of the strong
caution they impose on our SETI and METI endeavors. These scenarios have also received
extensive consideration in both fictional and non-fictional realms. Here we explore one main
type of scenario in which an ETI could be harmful: intentional harm. The possibility of ETI
causing unintentional harm is discussed in the following section. In the intentional harm
cenarios, ETI decide that they wish to cause us harm and then follow through on this wish. In
he unintentional harm scenarios, ETI do not wish us any harm but inadvertently harm us
anyways.
We see two types of scenarios in which ETI might intentionally harm us. The first scenario
involves hostile, selfish ETI that attack us so as to maximize their own success. This scenario
suggests a standard fight-to-win conflict: a war of the worlds. The second scenario involves ETI
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2981, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that are in no way selfish but instead follow some sort of universalist ethical framework. ETI
might attack us not out of selfishness but instead out of a universalist desire to make the galaxy
better place.
5.1 Selfish extraterrestrials
A selfish ETI is one that places intrinsic value only on properties of itself: its lives, its welfare,
etc. The idea of a selfish ETI is quite prominent in discussions of ETI. For example, geographer
Jared Diamond [73], drawing from his expertise in encounters between different intelligent
populations on Earth, argues that astronomers are often overly optimistic about ETI encounters:
The astronomers and others hope that the extraterrestrials, delighted to discover fellow
intelligent beings, will sit down for a friendly chat. Perhaps the astronomers are right; that's
the best-case scenario. A less pleasant prospect is that the extraterrestrials might behave the
way we intelligent beings have behaved whenever we have discovered other previously
unknown intelligent beings on earth, like unfamiliar humans or chimpanzees and gorillas.
Just as we did to those beings, the extraterrestrials might proceed to kill, infect, dissect,
conquer, displace or enslave us, stuff us as specimens for their museums or pickle our skulls
and use us for medical research. My own view is that those astronomers now preparing again
to beam radio sigrials out to hoped-for extraterrestrials are naive, even dangerous.
While Diamond is correct in noting that many astronomers neglect the potential perils of an ETI
encounter, it would be a mistake to assume that astronomers are uniformly naive in this regard.
For example, Nobel Laureate astronomer Sir Martin Ryle opposes active efforts to communicate
with ETI due to concern that humans would be attacked [36,74-75]. Similar concerns have been
raised by several others [26,43,76-77]. Even Carl Sagan, who is usually quite optimistic about
ETI encounters, has expressed concern regarding ETI risks [14]. A common theme underlying
the pessimism of these various commentators is the likelihood that ETI would be more advanced
than humanity.
A core concern is that ETI will learn of our presence and quickly travel to Earth to eat or enslave
us. Predation is common among life forms on Earth because it can be more efficient to prey
upon other biota than it is to independently utilize autotrophy for energy, carbon fixation, and
organics on Earth is poorly suited as a universal food source [78]. Additionally, an advanced
society capable of interstellar travel may be less likely to turn to humans as a source of food or
labor because they should have already solved these problems through some combination of
machine labor, artificial synthesis, and conservation [14]. Nevertheless, other selfish motives
may cause ETI to harm us, such as their drive to spread their beliefs through evangelism (akin to
the spread of Christianity or Islam) or their desire to use humans for entertainment purposes. As
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3155, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shklovskii and Sagan [14] discuss:
Or perhaps human beings have some relatively uncommon talent, of which they are
themselves entirely unaware. J. B. S. Haldane once pointed out to me that sea lions and seals
have a remarkable ability to balance a rubber ball on their noses, which is part of the reason
we maintain them in captivity.
Thus in one ETI contact scenario, the ETI use humanity for entertainment purposes just as we
use sea lions and seals for this. Shklovskii and Sagan [14] continue to point out that ETI may
desire to be the sole galactic power and will eliminate other life forms when they start to get in
the way. Similarly, an ETI may simply be interested in using us as a means for growth of their
economy. On an individual level they may not be interested in killing us, but may be interested
in incorporating us into their civilization so they can sell us their products, keep us as pets, or
have us mine raw materials for them. Such a scenario could be harmful or beneficial to us,
depending on the methods they use to bring us into their society.
Under what conditions might ETI be self-interested? Here it is again useful to consider possible
resolutions to the Fermi paradox, in particular the Sustainability Solution. It is unlikely that
humanity will encounter an exponentially expansive civilization [18-19] because we likely
would have already detected ETI if exponential expansion could be maintained on galactic
scales. Thus exponentially expanding ETI probably do not exist or otherwise do not have the
capacity to expand throughout the galaxy. This is fortunate for humanity, since exponentially
expansive ETI would likely be quite harmful, just as exponentially expansive populations on
Earth (including at least some portions of humanity) can be harmful for other members of their
ecosystems. An exception to this is a civilization that has exponentially grown and collapsed in
the past but did not succumb to complete ecological collapse. Such a society may recover and
choose once again to embark upon a development pattern of exponential expansion. If such an
ETI civilization exists today, then they could be extremely harmful, even if they are only
moderately more advanced than we are, because if they continue upon their developmental
trajectory to rapidly colonize the galaxy, then they will likely consume our resources before their
collapse occurs.
As discussed above, we have reason to believe that a sustainable ETI is less likely to be harmful
than an unsustainable, exponentially expansive ETI. However, it remains entirely possible for an
ETI to be both sustainable and harmful. Such an ETI could be expanding as fast as happens to
be sustainably possible, along a colonization wavefront as in the simulations by Newman and
Sagan [21]. Unlike the sustainable civilization described above, this maximally expansive
civilization would be sustainable but still eager to consume whatever resources it could. This
type of ETI civilizatiori would likely consume all the resources of Earth and destroy humanity if
we got in its way. In the analysis of ETI expansion, a key question is thus whether or not the
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 483, "chars": 3104, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
expansion is occurring at or near the maximal possible rate.
5.2 Universalist extraterrestrials
It might seem unlikely that a universalist ETI would intentionally harm us. This is because
universalist ETI place inherent value on whatever traits that it values (lives, ecosystems, etc.)
regardless of whether it relates to our civilization or theirs. In other words, a universalist ETI
civilization would be in no way biased against us. Within humanity, universalism is commonly
associated with peace and cooperation, not with harm and destruction. But this is because
human populations are all generally similar. If, for example, we seek to maximize total
happiness, then we will succeed by avoiding conflict within humanity, because conflict generally
reduces happiness for nearly all humans.
Such may not be the case for ETI. Just because an ETI civilization holds universalist ethics does
not mean that it would never seek our harm. This is because ETI may be quite different from us
and could conclude that harming us would help maximize whatever they value intrinsically [34].
For example, if ETI place intrinsic value on lives, then perhaps they could bring about more lives
by destroying us and using our resources more efficiently for other lives. Other forms of
intrinsic value may cause universalist ETI to seek our harm or destruction as long as more value
is produced without us than with us. Novelist Douglas Adams captures this scenario vividly in
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, where ETI place intrinsic value on civic infrastructure (or,
more likely, on some consequence of its use) and destroy Earth to make way for a hyperspace
bypass. At the heart of these scenarios is the possibility that intrinsic value may be more
efficiently produced in our absence.
An interesting and important case of universalist ethics in this context is when civilization itself
holds intrinsic value. ETI that support this ethical framework would seek to maximize the total
number of civilizations, the diversity of civilizations, or some other property of civilizations. All
else equal, such ETI would specifically wish for our civilization to remain intact. But all else
may not be equal. It is plausible that such ETI might try to harm or even destroy us in order to
maximize the number/diversity/etc. of civilizations. This could occur if our resources could be
used to more efficiently to generate or retain other civilizations, though this possibility seems
highly remote given how efficiently tuned humanity is to its environment. Alternatively, such
ETI could seek our harm if they believe that we are a threat to other civilizations.
The thought of humanity being a threat to other civilizations may seem implausible given the
likelihood of our technological inferiority relative to other civilizations. However, this
inferiority may be a temporary phenomenon. Perhaps ETI observe our rapid and destructive
expansion on Earth and become concerned of our civilizational trajectory. In light of the
Sustainability Solution to the Fermi paradox, perhaps ETI believe that rapid expansion is
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 3060, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
threatening on a galactic scale. Rapidly (maximally) expansive civilizations may have a
tendency to destroy other civilizations in the process, just as humanity has already destroyed
many species on Earth. ETI that place intrinsic value on civilizations may ideally wish that our
civilization changes its ways, so we can survive along with all the other civilizations. But if ETI
doubt that our course can be changed, then they may seek to preemptively destroy our
civilization in order to protect other civilizations from us. A preemptive strike would be
particularly likely in the early phases of our expansion because a civilization may become
increasingly difficult to destroy as it continues to expand. Humanity may just now be entering
the period in which its rapid civilizational expansion could be detected by an ETI because our
expansion is changing the composition of Earth's atmosphere (e.g. via greenhouse gas
emissions), which therefore changes the spectral signature of Earth. While it is difficult to
estimate the likelihood of this scenario, it should at a minimum give us pause as we evaluate our
expansive tendencies.
It is worth noting that there is some precedent for harmful universalism within humanity. This
precedent is most apparent within universalist ethics that place intrinsic value on ecosystems.
Human civilization affects ecosystems so strongly that some ecologists now often refer to this
epoch of Earth's history as the anthropocene [79]. If one's goal is to maximize ecosystem
flourishing, then perhaps it would be better if humanity did not exist, or at least if it existed in
significantly reduced form. Indeed, there are some humans who have advanced precisely this
argument [80-82]. If it is possible for at least some humans to advocate harm to their own
civilization by drawing upon universalist ethical principles, then it is at a minimum plausible that
ETI could advocate harm to humanity following similar principles.
The possibility of harmful contact with ETI suggests that we may use some caution for METI.
Given that we have already altered our environment in ways that may viewed as unethical by
universalist Ell, it may be prudent to avoid sending any message that shows evidence of our
negative environmental impact. The chemical composition of Earth's atmosphere over recent
time may be a poor choice for a message because it would show a rapid accumulation of carbon
dioxide from human activity. Likewise, any message that indicates of widespread loss of
biodiversity or rapid rates of expansion may be dangerous if received by such universalist ETI.
On the other hand, advanced ETI may already know about our rapid environmental impact by
listening to leaked electromagnetic signals or observing changes in Earth's spectral signature. In
his case, it might be prudent for any message we send to avoid denying our environmenta
mpact so as to avoid the ETI catching us in a lie.
6. Unintentional harm to us
The harm scenarios considered thus far have all involved ETI that intend to cause us harm, but it
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3281, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is not the only type of scenario in which ETI actually do cause us harm. Specifically, it is
possible for ETI to cause us harm despite them not wishing to do so. Here the desires of ETI
may even be irrelevant: such ETI could hold any value system from selfish to universalist while
still causing unintentional harm in several ways. In one set of scenarios, ETI could inadvertently
bring us some sort of physical hazard, such as a disease or an invasive species. In another set of
considerations, ETI could inadvertently bring an information hazard, such as technological
damage or a presence that demoralizes or destabilizes human society.
6.1 Physical hazard
If humanity comes into direct physical contact with either ETI themselves or some ETI artifact,
then it may be possible for humanity to be unintentionally harmed. One of the most prominent
scenarios of this kind is the transmission of disease to humanity. This scenario is inspired by the
many instances in which humans and other species on Earth have suffered severely from diseases
introduced from other regions of the planet. Such diseases are spread via the global travels of
humans and our cargo and also through certain other disease vectors. Introduced diseases have
been extremely potent because the population receiving the disease has no prior exposure to it
and thus no build-up of immunity. Indeed, disease introductions are blamed for loss of human
life so widespread as to have altered the broadest contours of human history [83].
If ETI could introduce disease to humanity, then the impacts could be - but wouldn't necessarily
be - devastating. The disease could quite easily be significantly different from anything our
immune systems have ever encountered before. The disease could also be entirely unfamiliar to
our medical knowledge, and it could potentially be highly contagious and highly lethal. This
combination of contagiousness (i.e. high Ro [84) and lethality (i.e. high mortality rate) is
unlikely in existing pathogens because such pathogens would quickly kill their host population
and then die out themselves. Furthermore, if we had already encountered such a disease on
Earth, then we likely wouldn't be here anymore. However, a disease from ETI would be new to
us. It presumably would not be highly contagious and lethal to the ETI themselves or to the
other organisms in their biosphere, but it could be devastating to humans and the Earth system.
Then again, ETI biology may be so vastly different from Earth biology that no significant
interactions between organisms occur. ETI may have their own contagious diseases that are
unable to infect humans or Earth-life because we are not useful hosts for ETI pathogens. After
all, the ETI diseases would have evolved separately from Earth biota and thus be incompatible.
So while there are reasons to believe that an ETI disease which affected humanity would be
devastating, there are also reasons to believe that an ETI disease would not affect humanity.
It is worth noting that a disease brought by an ETI could harm us without infecting us. This
would occur if the disease infects other organisms of interest to us. For example, ETI could
infect organisms important to our food supply, such as crop plants or livestock animals. A non-
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3235, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
human infection would be less likely to destroy humanity and more likely to only harm us by
wiping out some potentially significant portion of our food supply. In a more extreme case, ETI
disease could cause widespread extinction of multiple species on Earth, even if humans remain
uninfected.
It may be possible to protect humanity from diseases brought by ETI. The most straightforward
option is simply to prevent contact between the BIT biosphere and Earth's biosphere. Several
calls for such prevention have already been advanced, often under the rubric of planetary
protection [85]. If we never come into contact with an ETI biosphere, then we probably cannot
become infected by its diseases. This fact has implications both for how humanity handles
communications with ETI- for example, whether our communications encourage contact-and
for human space exploration policy - for example, whether we send probes in search of ETI life,
and whether we send these probes back to Earth if life is found.
If prevention fails and ETI disease is contacted, then treatment may be aided by information
about the biology of ETI and other organisms in their biosphere. Perhaps such information could
be used to develop vaccines or other countermeasures. However, our experience with novel
diseases on Earth, such as novel influenza strains, suggests that it takes much less time for a
disease to spread than for us to find a cure. The spread of ETI diseases may be even more rapid
and the cure even more difficult to develop. Therefore, any head start we can get for our cure
development could be highiy valuable. This in turn makes remotely received information about
ET biology (i.e. biology of the ETI and others in their biosphere) valuable. If we can receive
information about ET biology before we make physical contact for example, if we can receive it
via electromagnetic transmission-then perhaps we can develop adequate countermeasures to ET
diseases before we encounter them. The possibility that physical contact with ETI may infect
humanity with a deadly disease also suggests that we may want to refrain from broadcasting any
specifics of our biology. Malicious ETI that learn about our biology will know how to best
exploit our immune systems and may even design a human-tailored biological weapon before
coming to destroy us. Thus, one possible METI strategy may be to actively seek information
about ET biology while carefully guarding the details of human and Earth biology.
Diseases are not the only physical hazard we may unintentionally face from ETI. A similar
biological hazard is the invasive species. Whereas a disease infects and harms an organism by
overwhelming its immune system, an invasive species affects and harms an ecosystem by
overwhelming its ecological functions. The distinction between diseases and invasive species is
at most a blurry one. A disease can at least sometimes be classified as an invasive species.
Some diseases, such as viral diseases, are not well-classified as species, while some diseases are
not invasive because they have a permanent and entrenched status within their host population.
Likewise, some invasive species are not diseases per se but instead are harmful in other ways.
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3266, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the context of an encounter with ETI, the dynamics of invasive species are similar to the
dynamics of introduced diseases. In both cases, humanity is particularly vulnerable due to the
extreme novelty of the introduced agent, because our natural defenses and our skilled response
efforts are unaccustomed to the agent. Also, in both cases, humanity could benefit from
preventing contact with the ET biosphere and from remotely received information about the ET
biology. Although an invasive extraterrestrial species seems like it should displace at least some
portion of Earth's ecosystem, it is also possible that such invasive species occupy a completely
different ecological niche than any extant life on Earth. Thus, we may find that an
extraterrestrial invasive species takes up residence on our planet without causing any destruction
at all (analogous to a shadow biosphere - see [33,64]).
One non-biological physical hazard that we could face from direct contact with ETI is
unintentional mechanical harm. For example, ETI might accidentally crush us while attempting
an unrelated maneuver. This scenario parallels instances on Earth in which humans
inadvertently destroy the ecosystems of species that then go extinct. All else equal, humanity
would generally prefer not causing the extinction of species, but we often prioritize other
matters. Indeed, in many cases we may not have even realized that an endangered species was
present until after extinction has occurred. Perhaps ETI could inadvertently destroy humanity
under analogous circumstances.
In a similar class of scenarios, ETI could inadvertently unleash some harmful force into the
galaxy through some act of incompetence, quite possibly harming itself in the process. For
example, an otherwise benevolent extraterrestrial civilization could accidentally unleash the
extraterrestrial equivalent of an "unFriendly Artificial Intelligence" (uF AI [86]). This ET uFAI
would be out of the control of its (benevolent) makers and would likely destroy humanity as it
attempted to fulfill whatever objective function it happened to have. The odds that this objective
function will happen to benefit humans seems extremely small. Indeed, it may be difficult for
humans to create such an objective function even with considerable dedicated effort [86]. In
another example, ETI that explore the galaxy using automated self-replicating probes (also
known as von Neumann probes) may inadvertently unleash a catastrophic colonization wave that
rapidly spreads throughout the galaxy and destroys other civilizations [10,26]. Such a scenario
may arise either from faulty design of automated probes or from the malicious intent of
artificially intelligent probes. Bostrom [48] suggests that such undesirable outcomes could be
the result of evolutionary dynamics in which the undesirables are the strong which survive
evolutionary pressures. Finally, it is possible that ETI could render some portion of the galaxy
uninhabitable via an accident in a physics experiment, just as there are concerns that certain
human physics experiments with particle accelerators could be accidentally destructive 1871.
Any of these scenarios would involve the ETI accidentally harming humanity and probably also
itself.
24
-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2566, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.2 Information hazard
If humanity did not come into direct physical contact with ETI, it could still be possible for ETI
to unintentionally harm humanity. This could occur if ETI send harmful information to
humanity via electromagnetic transmission. A malicious ETI broadcaster could, for example,
send a message containing harmful information that either damages human technology,
analogous to a computer virus, or coerces humans into a seemingly benign but ultimately
destructive course of action, such as the construction of a dangerous device, [76].
As another example, ETI might send information about its biology, perhaps hoping that
humanity could use this information to protect itself against ET diseases or invasive species.
However, perhaps such an effort would backfire on humanity if we use the information to create
a disease, invasive species, or other hazard. The hazard would be created by humans from the
information received, and the creation could be intentional or unintentional. But if the creation
was intentional, then it would be human intent, not ETI intent. The possibility of an intentional
or unintentional informational hazard suggests that at least some care should be taken in efforts
to detect and analyze electromagnetic signals sent from ETI.
There is one final information hazard scenario to consider. In this scenario, contact with ETI
serves as a demoralizing force to humanity, with strong negative consequences. In human
history, contact between modern society and stone age culture usually leads to the demise of the
more primitive society. Likewise, in the event of contact with ETI, humanity may be driven
toward global cultural collapse when confronted with ETI technology, beliefs, and lifestyle [88].
Even if the ETI are friendly toward us and give us the choice to accept or reject their knowledge,
the vast differences between our respective societies may force the more primitive one (ours)
into a demoralizing state of societal collapse. For this reason, if ETI do already know of our
presence and if they wish to preserve the integrity of our civilization, then they may choose to
reveal themselves to us slowly and gradually in order to avoid a calamitous response [23].
7. Conclusion
The outcome of contact between humanity and ETI depends on many factors that cannot be fully
of analysis to prepare ourselves for contact will increase the likelihood of a positive outcome.
Therefore, the analysis presented here serves as a step toward developing a comprehensive
strategy for responding to contact with ETI.
25

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Based on the infeasibility of sustained exponential expansion through space, it seems less likely
that ETI will destroy us because of their lack of resources. Nevertheless, ETI could still decide
to harm us intentionally because of their own ethical considerations, or they may cause us
unintentional harm through invasive species or cultural collapse. It is also entirely possible that
contact with ETI will have little impact on Earth or humanity, especially if the form of ETI life is
vastly different from life on Earth. SETI often assumes that any two intelligent civilizations in
the universe could communicate, but we cannot neglect the possibility that the human species
will be completely unable to comprehend the language or communication efforts of ETI. The
possibility of a neutral ETI encounter, then, is just as worthy of consideration as a scenario with
friendly or hostile EIT.
Our analysis suggests some immediate practical recommendations for humanity. One
recommendation is that messages to extraterrestrials should be written cautiously. For example,
prior messages have included details of human biology, such as the numbers one through ten
(our base ten system is likely derived from the number of fingers on our hands) and the form and
struciure of the DNA molecule. However, details about our biology, though seemingly harmless,
may actually help certain ETI to cause us harm. A malicious ETI listener may use a message
about human biology to design a potent biological weapon for use against Earth. Since these
messages will ultimately be sent toward unknown ETI, we cannot know whether or not they
might be received by such a malicious ETI. Therefore, caution is warranted. For example,
initial communication with ETI may be best limited to simple mathematical discourse for
security purposes until we have a better idea of the type of ETI we are dealing with. In our view,
decision making regarding messaging should factor in the probabilities and magnitudes of
possible message scenarios through a formal risk analysis that could draw on the scenario
analysis presented here.
Another recommendation is that humanity should avoid giving off the appearance of being a
rapidly expansive civilization. If an ETI perceives humanity as such, then it may be inclined to
attempt a preemptive strike against us so as to prevent us from growing into a threat to the ETI or
others in the galaxy. Similarly, ecosystem-valuing universalist ETI may observe humanity's
ecological destructive tendencies and wipe humanity out in order to preserve the. Earth system as
a whole. These scenarios give us reason to limit our gröwth and reduce our impact on global
ecosystems. It would be particularly important for us to limit our emissions of greenhouse gases,
ince atmospheric composition can be observed from other planets. We acknowledge that th
ursuit of emissions reductions and other ecological projects may have much stronge
justifications than those that derive from ETI encounter, but that does not render ETI encounter
A final recommendation is that preparations for ETI encounter, whether through METI, SETI,
human explorations of space, or any other form, should consider the full breadth of possible
26

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3188, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
encounter scenarios. Indeed, perhaps the central conclusion of the analysis presented here is that
ETI contact could proceed in a wide range of ways. It is inappropriate and inadequate to blindly
assume that any one specific scenario would result from contact. Until such contact occurs, we
simply do not know what would happen. Given the uncertainty, the broad scenario analysis
presented here is an important step towards helping us think through and prepare for possible
contact.
Despite its merits, our scenario analysis remains fundamentally limited in several important
ways. As is common with scenario analysis in general, we offer no quantification scheme for the
probabilities of specific scenarios. We also do not quantify the magnitude of the impacts (benefit
or harm) of specific scenarios. The result of this is that we are unable to produce a cumulative
analysis of the risks and rewards of contact with ETI or attempting to do so with METI. Such a
quantitative risk analysis would be of tremendous value for decision making purposes. Indeed,
the need has been acknowledged for such analysis in order to inform decisions about METI and
other SETI activities [89]. However, the effort required for such an analysis is far beyond the
scope of what we can accomplish in a single paper and thus must be left for future work. The
scenario analysis presented here is an important step towards a quantitative risk analysis, but it is
not a complete risk analysis on its own.
An additional caveat to our scenario analysis derives from the limits of our knowledge about
contact with ETI. Because we have no empirical data about ETI, we must extrapolate from the
information that we do have available, including knowledge about the observable universe and
knowledge about ourselves. We must bear in mind that our observations are inevitably confined
to human experience, and so our extrapolations, no matter how generalized, may still contain
implicit anthropocentric biases. It is entirely possible that ETI will resemble nothing we have
previously experienced or imagined, in which case the contact may not resemble any scenario we
could develop. This possibility does not mean that we should completely dismiss any analysis of
extraterrestrials, since there is also a strong possibility that the contact would have some
resemblance to our scenarios. Nevertheless, the possibility that our experience and imagination
could come up severely short reminds us to use caution in interpreting our analysis. Until we
actually detect ETI, we will remain highly uncertain as to their nature and to the outcomes that
would follow from our contact with them.
One area for future work concerns impacts (benefits and harms) to nonhumans. This paper has
focused on the impacts of contact to humanity. We have thus neglected impacts to the BIl, t
he rest of Earth, to the rest of the galaxy, and possibly even to other entities as well. We
focused on humanity to maintain a reasonably narrow scope for the paper, not because we
believe that impacts to nonhumans are unimportant. Indeed, we feel strongly that consideration
of impacts to nonhumans represents an important area for future work.
27

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2369, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An additional area for future work concerns quantitative risk assessment. A quantitative
assessment of the scenarios presented in this paper would be of tremendous use in developing
strategies for responding to contact with ETI. However, because we have no observations of
ETI, any attempt at quantitative analysis will struggle to assign numerical probabilities to the
qualities of an unknown ETI civilization. Certain aspects of this problem, such as rates of
expansion and exploration, can be constrained with known physical models, though, so at least
some degree of quantification is possible. Additionally, continued exploration of our galaxy and
universe will reveal information that will further constrains some of these scenarios such as the
distribution of terrestrial planets, the prevalence of Earth-like atmospheric biosignatures, or the
existence of artificial radio signals. A complete quantitative assessment of risk from an
encounter with extraterrestrials may be difficult to complete in the near future, but even
incremental progress will help us choose an optimal strategy if and when we make actual contact
with ETI.
Even if contact with extraterrestrials never occurs, our scenario analysis still acts as a set of
future trajectories for human civilization. Our thinking about the nature of extraterrestrials and
intelligent life in general is really an exercise in imagining the ways that future humans could
exist under different circumstances or in different environments. This scenario analysis therefore
helps to illuminate the consequences of particular decisions, such as the mode of expansion or
help human civilization to avoid collapse and achieve long-term survival.
Acknowledgments
Jason Matheny and Ilana Brito provided helpful assistance on disease spread dynamics. Two
anonymous reviewers provided helpful feedback on an earlier version of this article. Any
remaining errors are our own.
References
12]
I3]
[4]
G. Cocconi, P. Morrison, Searching for interstellar communications, Nature 184 (1959)
844-846.
M.A.G. Michaud, Contact with Alien Civilizations: Our Hopes and Fears about
Encountering Extraterrestrials. Copernicus Books, New York, 2007.
F.D. Drake, Project Ozma, Physics Today 14 (1961) 40-46.
J. Tarter, The search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI), Annual Review of
Astronomy and Astrophysics 39 (2001) 511-548.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 2626, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[5]
R.A. Freitas, F. Valdes, A search for natural or artificial objects located at the Earth-
Moon libration points, Icarus 42 (1980) 442-447.
[6]
F. Valdes, R.A. Freitas, A search for objects near the Earth-Moon lagrangian points,
[71
Icarus 53 (1983) 453-457.
B. Cornet, S.L. Stride, Solar system SETI using radio telescope arrays. Contact in
18]
Context 1 (2003) vii2/s3eti-ata.pdf.
M.H. Hart, An explanation for the absence of extraterrestrials on Earth, Quarterly Journal
of the Royal Astronomical Society 16 (1975) 128-135.
191
R.N. Bracewell, The galactic club: Intelligent life in outer space. San Francisco, CA, WH
Freeman and Co., 1975.
[10]
G.D. Brin, The great silence - The controversy concerning extraterrestrial intelligent life,
Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society 24 (1983) 283-309.
111]
S. Webb, If the Universe is Teeming with Aliens--where is Everybody?: Pifty Solutions
to the fermi Paradox and the Problem of Extraterrestrial Life, Springer-Verlag, New
York, 2002.
[12]
M.M. Cirković, Fermi's paradox-The last challenge for Copernicanism? Serbian
[13]
Astronomical Journal 178 (2009) 1-20.
P.D. Ward, D. Brownlee, Rare Earth: Why Complex Life is Uncommon in the Universe,
Springer-Verlag, New York, 2000.
[14]
I.S. Shklovskii, C. Sagan, Intelligent Life in the Universe, Holden-Day, San Francisco,
1966.
[15]
C. Sagan, Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CETI), MIT Press,
Cambridge, MA, 1973.
[16]
S.A. Kaplan, Extraterrestrial Civilizations: Problems of Interstellar Communication,
Israel Program, for Scientific Translations, Jerusalem, 1971.
[17] P.S. Wesson, Cosmology, extraterrestrial intelligence, and a resolution of the Fermi-Hart
paradox, Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society 31 (1990) 161-170.
[18]
S. von Hoerner, Population explosion and interstellar expansion, Journal of the British
Interplanetary Society 28 (1975) 691-712.
119]
* [20]
[21]
122]
[23]
J.D. Haqq-Misra, S.D. Baum, The sustainability solution to the Fermi paradox, Journal of
the British Interplanetary Society 62 (2009) 47-51.
J.M. Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail Or Succeed, Viking Press, 2005.
W.I. Newman, C. Sagan, Galactic civilizations: Population dynamics and interstellar
diffusion, Icarus 46 (1981) 293-327.
J.A. Ball, The zoo hypothesis, Icarus 19 (1973) 347-349.
J.W. Deardorff, Examination of the embargo hypothesis as an explanation for the great
[24]
silence, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 40 (1987) 373-379.
F.D. Drake, C. Sagan, Interstellar radio communication and the frequency selection
problem, Nature 245 (1973) 257-258.
29

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 2599, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[25]
[26]
[27]
[28]
[29]
[30]
[31]
[32]
[33]
[34]
[35]
[36]
[37]
[38]
[39]
[40]
[41]
[42]
G. Benford, J. Benford, D. Benford, Searching for cost-optimized interstellar beacons,
Astrobiology 10 (2010) 491-498.
M. M. Cirković, Observation selection effects and global catastrophic risks, in: N.
Bostrom, M.M. Cirković (Eds.), Global Catastrophic Risks, Oxford University Press,
Oxford, 2008, pp. 120-145.
L. Scheffer, Aliens can watch 'I Love Lucy', Contact in Context 2 (2004) v2il/lucy.pdf.
A.L. Zaitsev, Sending and searching for interstellar messages, Acta Astronautica 63
(2008) 614-617.
C.L. Devito, R.T. Oehrle, A language based on the fundamental facts of science, Journal
of the British Interplanetary Society 43 (1990) 561-568.
D. Atri, J. DeMarines, J. Haqq-Misra. A protocol for messaging to extraterrestrial
intelligence, Space Policy, in review.
R.N. Bracewell, Communications from superior galactic communities, Nature 186 (1960)
670-671.
J.R. Rice, ET: Come and gone unnoticed?, Contact in Context I (2002)
vlil/etcomeandgone.pdf.
P. Davies, The Eerie Silence, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, New York, 2010.
S.D. Baum, Universalist ethics in extraterrestrial encounter. Acta Astronautica 66 (2010)
617-623.
R.W. Wrangham, D. Peterson, Demonic Males: Apes and the Origins of Human
Violence, Mariner Books/Houghton Mifflin, New York, 1997.
J.L. Heilhron, J. Conway, D.K. Cullers, S. Dick, B. Finey, K.S. Guthke, K. Keniston,
SETI and history, in: J. Billingham, R. Heyns, D. Milne, S. Doyle, M. Klein, J. Heilbron,
M. Ashkenazi, M. Michaud, J. Lutz, S. Shostak (Eds.), Social Implications of the
Detection of an Extraterrestrial Civilization: A Report of the Workshops on the Cultural
Aspects of SETI. SEII Press, Mountain View, CA, 1994, pp. 33-60.
D.A. Vakoch, Y.S. Lee, Reactions to receipt of a message from extraterrestrial
intelligence: A cross-cultural empirical study, Acta Astronautica 46 (2000) 737-744.
P. Morrison, J: Billingham, J. Wolfe, The search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI),
NASA-SP-419, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Ames Research Center,
Moffett Field, CA, 1977.
D.H. Grinspoon, Lonely Planets: The Natural Philosophy of Alien Life, ECCO, New
York, 2003.
I. Almár, J. Tarter, The discovery of ETI as a high-consequence, low-probability event,
Acta Astronautica. In press (2009) doi:10.1016/j.actaastro.2009.07.007.
J.D. Haqq-Misra, Planetary Messenger, Createspace, Scotts Valley, CA, 2009.
G. Gonzalez, J.W. Richards, The Privileged Planet: How Our Place in the Cosmos is
Designed for Discovery, Regnery Publishing, Washington, DC, 2004.
30

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 2519, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[43]
T. Peters, Exo-theology: speculations on extraterrestrial life, in: J. R. Lewis (Ed.) The
gods have landed: new religions from other worlds, SUNY Press, Albany, NY, 1995, pp.
187-206.
[44]
J.F. Galloway, An international relations perspective on the consequences of SETI, Space
Policy 12 (1996) 135-137.
[45] ' C. Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science, Ballantine Books, New
York, 1979.
146]
C. Sagan, W.I. Newman, The solipsist approach to extraterrestrial intelligence, Quarterly
Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society 24 (1983) 113-121.
[47]
I. Arnhart, The new Darwinian naturalism in political theory, American Political Science
Review 89 (1995): 389-400.
[48]
Two undred Years of hand, revoltears Aie. Turning Rid nevising Press Path:
Alto, 2004, pp. 339-371.
[49]
R. Randolph, M. S. Race, C. McKay, Reconsidering the ethical and theological
implications of extraterrestrial life, Center for Theology and Natural Sciences Bulletin 17
(1997) 1-8.
[50]
B.R. Finney, E.M. Jones, Interstellar Migration and the Human Experience, University of
California Press, Berkeley, 1985.
[51]
M.D. Papagiannis, Are we all alone, or could they be in the Asteroid Belt, Quart. J. Roy.
Astr. Soc 19 (1978) 277-281.
[52]
C. Kecskes, The possibility of finding traces of extraterrestrial intelligence on asteroids,
[53]
Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 51 (1998) 175-179.
C. Kecskes, Scenarios which may lead to the rise of an asteroid-based technical
civilization, Acta Astronautica 50 (2002) 569-577.
[54]
R. Burke-Ward, Possible existence of extra-terrestrial technology in the solar system,
Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 53 (2000) 1-12.
[55]
[56]
B. O'Leary, Mining the Apollo and Amor asteroids, Science 197 (1977) 363.
M.J. Sonter, The technical and economic feasibility of mining the near-earth asteroids,
Acta Astronautica 41 (1997) 637-647.
[57]
M. Busch, Profitable asteroid mining, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 57
(2004) 301-305.
158]
159]
S.L. Stride, An instrument-based method to search for extraterrestrial interstellar robotic
robes, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 54 (2001) 2-13
. Tough, Small smart interstellar probes, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 5
(1998) 167-174.
[60]
S. Baxter, The planetarium hypothesis: A resolution of the Fermi paradox, Journal of the
British Interplanetary Society 54 (2001) 210-216.
[61]
R. Hanson, How to live in a simulation, Journal of Evolution and Technology 7 (2001) 1.
31

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 2580, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[62]
S.A. Benner, C.Y. Switzer, Chance and necessity in biomolecular chemistry. Is life as we
know it universal?, in: H. Frauenfelder, J. Deisenhofer, P.G. Wolynes (Eds.), Simplicity
and Complexity in Proteins and Nucleic Acids, 1999, Dahlem University Press, Berlin,
1999, pp. 339-363.
[63]
W. Bains, Many chemistries could be used to build living systems, Astrobiology 4 (2004)
137-167.
[64]
P.C. W. Davies, S.A. Benner, C.E. Cleland, C.H. Lineweaver, C.P. McKay, F. Wolfe-
Simon, Signatures of a shadow biosphere, Astrobiology 9 (2009) 241-249.
[65]
S. Weinberg, Living in the multiverse, in: B. Carr (Ed.), Universe or Multiverse?,
Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, UK, 2007, 29-42.
[66]
C. Kecskes, Evolution and detectability of advanced civilizations, Journal of the British
Interplanetary Society 62 (2009) 316-319.
[67]
R.A. Freitas, The case for interstellar probes. Journal of the British Interplanetary Society
36 (1983) 490-495.
[68]
[69]
G.L. Matloff, Deep-Space Probes, Springer-Verlag, Berlin, 2000.
R. Bjørk, Exploring the galaxy using space probes, International Journal of Astrobiology
[70]
6 (2007) 89-93.
C. Cotta, A. Morales, A computational analysis of galactic exploration with space probes:
Implications for the Fermi paradox, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 62
(2009) 82-88.
[71]
D.J. Des Marais, M.O. Harwit, K.W. Jucks, J.F. Kasting, D.N.C. Lin, J.I. Lunine, J.
Schneider, S. Seager, WiA. Traub, N. J. Woolf, Remote sensing of planetary properties
and biosignatures on extrasolar terrestrial planets, Astrobiology 2 (2002) 153-181.
[72]
S.D. Baum, film review: District 9, Journal of Evolution and Technology 20 (2009) 86-
173]
[74]
[75]
[76]
[77]
[78]
[79]
[80]
J. Diamond, To whom it may concern, New York Times Magazine, 5 December 1999,
pp. 68-71.
W. Sullivan, Astronomer Fears Hostile Attack; Would Keep Life on Earth a Secret, New
York Times 4 November (1976) 46.
G.A. Lemarchand, D.E. Tarter, Active search strategies and the SETI protocols: Is there a
conflict?, Space Policy, 10 (1994) 134-142.
R. A. Carrigan Jr, Do potential SETI signals need to be decontaminated? Acta
Astronautica 58 (2006) 112-117.
T. Ferris, The Mind's Sky: Human Intelligence in a Cosmic Context, Bantam Books, New
York, 1993.
C.S. Cockell, M. Lee, Interstellar predation, Journal of the British Interplanetary Society
55 (2002) 8-20.
P.J. Crutzen, E.F. Stormer, The "Anthropocene", IGBP Newsletter 41 (2000) 17-18.
Gaia Liberation Front, Statement of Purpose (A Modest Proposal), 1994,
http://www.churchofeuthanasia.org/resources/glf/glfsop.html
32

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 1127, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
181]
P. Linkola, Can Life Prevail?: A Radical Approach to the Environmental Crisis, Integral
Tradition Publishing, London, 2009.
[82]
[83]
Voluntary Human Extinction Movement, 2010. http://www.vhemt.org
J. Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies, Norton, New York,
1997.
J. M. Heffernan, R. J. Smith, L. M. Wahl, Perspectives on the basic reproductive ratio,
Journal of the Royal Society Interface 2 (2005) 281-293.
J.D. Rummel, L. Billings Issues in planetary protection: policy, protocol and
implementation. Space Policy 20 (2004) 49-54.
E. Yudkowsky, Cognitive biases potentially affecting judgment of global risks, in: N.
Bostrom, M. Cirković (Eds.) Global catastrophic risks, Oxford University Press, Oxford,
2008, pp. 91-119.
A. Kent, A critical look at risk assessments for global catastrophes, Risk Analysis 24
[88]
(2004) 157-168.
D. Morrison, McNeill, Consequences of contact, in: C. Sagan (Ed.), Communication with
Extraterrestrial Intelligence, MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 1973, pp. 333-349.
189]
A. Tough, Positive consequences of SETI before detection, Acta Astronautica 42 (1998)
745-748.
33
