{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T20:22:59Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 14473769, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304201928896074, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124274-letter-from-steven-greer-dan-willis-2-16-14.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541005640000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124274-letter-from-steven-greer-dan-willis-2-16-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "f1fabb7838bf81a107052bf2925ed37babec7b9526c0e6baa8c8f8f93faf3327"}

From:                           Steve Greer                       >
Sent:                           Sunday, February 16, 2014 5:45 PM
To:
Subject:                        Fwd: this will work This is it free energy
Attachments:                              -OmissionReport.doc


download; p s email and attachments...

         Forwarded message
From:              <                               >
Date: Sun, Feb 16, 2014 at 4:20 PM
Subject: Re: this will work This is it free energy
To: Steve Greer <                          >


Hi Steve

Regarding the The Hendershot Generator kit. I was able to locate a Russian youtube post showing
how to assemble the kit and if you fast forward to the very end, it show it powering a large bank of
lights. But I have no verification.

To catch up with you on a few things...

A research associate shared this kit device which is a pulse motor/gen kit similar in some ways to the
one SEAS was attempting to create with dysfunctional Denis. According to the readings it looks like it
could power a 12 or 24VDC solar battery bank effectively yielding at least 10 times the input. No
doubt it also has sex appeal h                          m

After 5 years of excuses from Magnacoaster after placing my $3,125 deposit on a now $9,000 9kw
unit, still nothing... I have been communicating with an engineer in Spain who has a 9kw unit which
he has not been able to get functioning. Isn't there some kind of law against collecting deposits and
not delivering?

Personally I came up with a power producing design based on studying Arie's method of collecting
power from the copper plates he shared with me back when he was alive. This together with
information from a meeting with Marko Rodin who designed the vortexial Rodin coil gave a design
which is a emergence of the two technology concepts that creates a form of electron pump utilizing
the magnetic vortex in the center of the coil to collect electrons from the copper plates. But haven't
had time or money to fully test it out.

On another usual note, yesterday I received a call from Dr. Gary Golan, I think you remember
him. He has been working with this person for many years who has some cutting edge alternative
technology on locating gold. He has also been using NASA satellites to penetrate down into the earth
and has made an incredible discovery in the New Mexico area of a vast underground complex which
runs for many miles and has walls cut to a thousandths of an inch he stated. Part of it is in public
land, but part is on private land which could allow him to gain access to this underground complex
which may possibly have ancient technology and artifacts. Privately between you and I, when I was
                                                            1
doing the marketing for Gary he made millions in the Viagra online industry and a fellow by the name
of John Rao who infiltrated his operation and learned what Gary was doing also made millions
replicating it, and now owns his own private jets etc. I sold my business to him to get out of the
online pharmaceutical business, but both Gary and I obviously don't fully trust him to work with him on
this. Turns out he developed an interest in UFOs and now owns the Open Minds network and also
sponsors UFO conferences etc. So Gary suggested that I contact you to see if you have an interest
in involvement in this expedition to explore what may be an advanced ancient archeological
discovery. If you are interested we can setup a call conference with Gary in a week or so to discuss
the details of this possibility.

My newest business project with the potential of a food crisis looming are the creation of these "Food
Biospheres" so people can provide healthy organic food year round for their family regardless of
weather and climate conditions. I setup a password protected site for investor eyes only here
FYI http://FoodBiosphere.com Username= future Password= food

Finally I have been writing articles on Media Control and Disclosure for a group out of Burbank called
the Omission Report. The first article I wrote is 47 pages and somewhat of historical ET101 and
showing how, after all of the tremendous effort you put forth to bring Disclosure to the world at the
National Press Club, how they effectively as you say sanitized the event to the public. I pulled a lot
at the end of the article from your well written implications document. Thank goodness the staff editor
is cleaning up the text so the final will be more readable and grammatically correct. I've attached to
raw unedited version in Word for your reference as the editor is still working on it. They liked the
first writing and now they want me to write another 10,000+ word article strictly on Media Control,
something I take a personal interest in exposing the manipulation.

That is my 2014 catch up with you. Always good to hear from you

Kind regards


                0


On Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 9:53 AM, Steve Greer <s               m> wrote:
fyi
anyone know if this works? Steve

          Forwarded message
From: <i                         m>
Date: Fri, Feb 14, 2014 at 10:40 AM
Subject: Fwd: this will work This is it free energy
To: Steven Greer <                       m>


Just wondering if this is something you have heard of
no need to reply


--- Original Message
From:
"greg" <a                      t>
                                                        2
                Report submitted by Disclosure Project Top Secret Military Witness Dan Willis


How our Legal Government Lost Control of the UFO/ET issue to Rogue Operations


Imagine an illusion that is so large, so vast it will escape the average person's perception. Those who
research and see it and speak of it to others will be thought of as insane and discredited. For this
reason, because of its very nature, this subject keeps own very best secrecy. We are talking about the
control of the most important secret that has been hidden from mankind for over 60 years. That if
disclosed has the implications to entirely change every facet of life on earth for the good of all mankind.
We are not talking simply about the reality which indicates that mankind has been throughout the
history of civilization been intervened and monitored by advanced off planet cultures since the
beginning of the human race on planet Earth.

Polls1 indicate that about half of the population already believes we are being visited by extraterrestrials
from the thousands of reports from around the globe of Unidentified Flying Objects, some of which are
not of this earth.

The fact that we are not alone in the universe is a reality that is comparatively simple to digest
compared to why this truth has been officially denied and ridiculed for over 60 years by our government
and media. A far more complex issue is the answer to that question, because you have to ask yourself,
for what reason would they not tell us?

In the United States military there is a reason why each member swears an oath to protect the
Constitution of the United States against enemies foreign and domestic in the event that our legal
government is ever infiltrated, not necessarily by a threat from a foreign country, but rather an
infiltration by rogue illegal interests operating internally within our National Security system that could
compromise our country's constitutionally protected security and liberties.

Historically let's follow a time line of this National Security system and the extraterrestrial related events
that surrounded its inception by President Harry S. Truman on July 26, 1947 which through the National
Security Act2 established the National Security Council3. Two months later on September 18, 1947 the
Central Intelligence Agency4 was created.


1 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/11/48-percent-of-americans-believe-in-ufos   n 3900669.html

2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National   Security Act of 1947

3
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United States National Security Council

4
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central Intelligence Agency
All these things interestingly enough occurred within a few days after the July 8, 1947 well known
Roswell5 event where one of several ETVs (Extraterrestrial Vehicles) that crashed that were flying
around in a large wave of sightings mostly around classified nuclear facilities. All this activity was
sparked apparently out of concern by these advanced beings of the earth's use of nuclear weapons,
which we started to detonate 2 years prior on July 16, 19456.

It's quite possible that these beings may have had an advanced understanding of how the use of these
weapons adversely affects life on this planet and elsewhere in ways far more ways than our current
limited scientific understanding of the interconnectedness of all living systems and how these
destructive energies affect life in many realms, and not just the destruction of physical matter and
subsequent radiation.

The high power radar the military was using at White Sands New Mexico was responsible for affected
one of these crafts that flew into its high powered electromagnetic beam and caused it to crash'. A
cover up story was issued immediately after the leaked story hit the local newspaper of the incident.

The first Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter was concerned that
the secrecy surrounding this issue could be a danger to our National Security and said "I urge immediate
congressional action to reduce the dangers from secrecy about Unidentified Flying Objects." Note that he
is warning about not the dangers of UFOs as there was no indication of hostile intent by these visitors,
or was he concerned about disclosing this to the public in an open congressional hearing, but rather he
was very concerned about the dangers that exist from continued secrecy of not disclosing this
information to the public. The Admiral supported that we should have an open Congressional hearing
by saying "It is time for the truth to be brought out in open Congressional hearings. Behind the scenes,
high-ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about the UFOs. But through official secrecy and
ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense. To hide the facts, the
Air Force has silenced its personnel."

Immediately on September 24, 1947 right after the CIA was created, President Truman had James
Forrestal who was assigned as the first Secretary of Defense, organize a special group called Majestic
Twelve or MJ-128, which consisted of twelve members to specifically deal exclusively with the UFO/ET
issue. The security classification to keep this operation secret was higher than that of the H-bomb
according to a verified Canadian Top Secret document9 from Wilbert Smith confirming the existence of
MJ-12. On May 22, 1949 MJ-12 member James Forrestal is found dead after falling out of a hospital


5
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roswell UFO incident

6 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First atomic bomb

    http://thewebmatnx.net/disclosure/proof-ot-roswell-uto-crash.ip~

s
    http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/524px-Majic6.ipg

9
    http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/WilbertSmithTSmemo.jpg
window. Disclosure Witness Daniel Morris NRO Operative, who was involved in teams that would
discredit and threaten witnesses to the UFO events, testified that Forrestal was purposely murdered as
they knew he was planning on disclosing the ET issue to the public.

On September 11, 1952 in a CIA memo10 from the 4th CIA director Walter B. Smith states that he
believed that the UFO issue has implications for "psychological warfare purposes". In 1952 the CIA
                             Panel'1 who concluded in their report that most UFO reports could be
commissions the Robinson
explained as misidentification and recommended "That the national security agencies take immediate
steps to strip the Unidentified Flying Objects of the special status they have been given and the aura of
mystery they have unfortunately acquired." In other words, "debunk" the many UFO reports coming in.
They also wanted civilian UFO study groups monitored, recognizing their influence on the general public.
The Robertson Panel would have a great influence on official governmental and media attitudes toward
the UFO issue for many years to come.

Then on November 18, 1952 Rear Admiral Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter who is one of the MJ-12 members
briefs President-Elect Eisenhower on the UFO/ET issue before assuming the presidency from the Truman
administration. It is believed from witness accounts that on February 20, 1954 Eisenhower has a 'First
Contact' meeting with extraterrestrials at what is now called Edwards Air Force base in California.
Eisenhower had originally planned to make a public announcement soon after the First Contact event
and a study was done researching what the public reaction might be to the general populace with such a
disclosure.

The extraterrestrials he first met with warned Eisenhower that we were on a path of self-destruction
and we must stop killing each other, stop polluting the Earth, stop raping the Earth's natural resources,
and learn to live in harmony. They asked us to dismantle our nuclear weapons in exchange for helping
us advance spiritually and learn to live in harmony. This offer was refused by the generals since this race
offered no advanced technology in exchange. The reason being that the extraterrestrials said was
because we are not spiritually advanced enough not to misuse the technology on ourselves. So no
agreement was made.

The public announcement by Eisenhower never occurred as intense disagreements arose as to how to
handle the matter. According to witnesses we were dealing with 4 extraterrestrial races at that time
and some form of agreement was made with one of the races according to Colonel Phillip Corso12 a
highly decorated officer that served in Eisenhower's National Security Council who said "We had
negotiated a kind of surrender with them [extraterrestrials] as long as we couldn't fight them. They
dictated the terms because they knew what we most feared was disclosure."


to
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/maiestic flyingsaucers.gif

11
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robertson Panel

12
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip J. Corso
According to another witness from the CIA, Don Philips "We have records from 1954 that were meetings
between our own leaders of this country and ET's here in California. And, as 1 understand it from the
written documentation, we were asked if we would allow them to be here and do research. I have read
that our reply was well, how can we stop you? You are so advanced. And / will say by this camera and
this sound, that it was President Eisenhower that had this meeting."

In 1957 when astronaut Gordon Cooper was at Edwards AFB in California he witnessed an alien craft
landing and stated "I had a camera crew filming the installation when they spotted a saucer. They filmed
it as it flew overhead, then hovered, extended three legs as landing gear, and slowly came down to land
on a dry lake bed! It was a classic saucer, shiny silver and smooth, about 30 feet across. It was pretty
clear it was an alien craft. X13 The film was confiscated. Gordon also spoke about the secrecy "So they
told one untruth, they had to tell another to cover that one, then another, then another. . . it just
snowballed. And right now I'm convinced a lot of very embarrassed government officials are sitting there
in Washington trying to figure a way to bring the truth out. They know it's got to come out one day, and
I'm sure it will. America has a right to know!"

Also in 1957 when Colonel Corso was at White Sands Missile Base in New Mexico he encountered a disc
and a being in the desert. It was sitting there in the desert and it was sort of phasing in and out of his
field of vision; it was a very strange phenomenon as these crafts are inter-dimensional. The Colonel was
very shocked, and as he looked at this being, this being contacted him telepathically. The being asked
him if he could go back to the central operations base at White Sands and turn off the radar. As this was
the reason why the discs crashed in the late 1940s and early 1950s was because of the high-powered
radar that was being used. So this little ET asked Philip Corso to turn off the radar so that he could get
out of here and go. And Philip Corso asked the question: "Well, if I help you, what's in it for me? What
do I get out of this?" This little extraterrestrial replied with: "A new world if you can take it."

Colonel Phillip Corso was involved as a liaison working between our government and the corporations in
highly classified compartmented projects that were reverse engineering the technology. A lot of
technological advances in integrated circuits, lasers, fiber optics, Kevlar, night vision etc. were derived
from these reverse engineering studies and put into the public sector. The involved corporations are
tied into a cabal of some of the wealthiest and most influential people in the world with a heavily
invested interest in the world's current multi-trillion dollar energy structure based on oil, coal and
nuclear sources as well as an interest in maintaining global geopolitical control and the status quo.

Among the many discoveries in these hidden black projects within the corporations were an energy
source that would without environmental damage replace oil, coal and nuclear sources as well as
antigravity, where we would no longer need paved roads and propulsion systems that would make the
transportation systems of cars, planes and rockets obsolete and change forever entire technological
infrastructure of the planet.


13
     http://www.ufoeviaence.org/cases/case35 i.htm
This is one of the greatest reasons for the truth embargo regarding the UFO/ET issue and the decision
was made to suppress this information to the public at all costs, as disclosure would expose the greatest
scandal in recorded history.

A key testimony in understanding how back in 1954 to the present day that our legal government with
congressional oversight lost control of the UFO/ET issue is explained by a key witness Brigadier General
Stephen Lovekin14 who was on Eisenhower's staff at the time. He explains that "What happened was
Eisenhower got sold out, I think that he realized that all of a sudden this matter was going into the
control of corporations, he realized that he was losing control, he realized this phenomenon of whatever
it was that we were faced with was not going to be in the best hands. Those as far as I can remember
that was the expression that was used "it's not going to be in the best hands" and so it has turned out to
be".

The corporations that were involved in reverse engineering various aspects of the extraterrestrial
technology from the crashed vehicles that were brought down with high power radar, operating from
within our National Security system, utilized to avoid scrutiny and congressional oversight, what is called
"Unacknowledged Special Access Project" or USAP classification. Unacknowledged means that
regardless of your security clearance and whether you are the President, head of Joint Chiefs of Staff of
Intelligence or the Director of the CIA you are lied to that the project does not exist.

On January 17, 1961 as Eisenhower left office he knew it would not be in the best of hands and he tried
to warn the American people with a very important farewell speech15, let's look at it closely.

 "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence,
whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of
misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our
liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable
citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with
our peaceful methods and goals, so that security and liberty may prosper together."

President Eisenhower obviously couldn't come out and say what exactly happened, but it is apparent
that he was concerned enough to make it a point to give this warning to the people before he left office.

For Eisenhower to specifically say "take nothing for granted" and that it is very important that you as a
citizen become alert and knowledgeable and that we have a need to know about what is going on
behind the scenes. As there was apparently a situation which he could not publically disclose to you.
Since as witnesses state, the President of the United States lost control of the extraterrestrial
technologies to the unwarranted influences within the military industrial complex consortium of
corporations, and that it was no longer in the control of our constitutional 'we the people' government
with legal congressional oversight. He stressed that only a knowledgeable citizenry could disclose this,

14
     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF zcbe79Zg

15
     http://www.youtube.com/watch rv=nUxtyIUjuDU
because he knew the standard channels of government checks and balances were compromised with
the unacknowledged projects, and it could not be disclosed utilizing the normal government and military
chain-of-command infrastructure.

Many United States citizens believe that we live in a free and open society with a free press, which plays
the role of a key check and balance on government secrecy and abuse. What if these corporations of
unwarranted influence that Eisenhower warned about, which are integrated within our National
Security system, branch out and infiltrate their operatives within all branches of our military and
intelligence community and into our mainstream media in which our citizens rely upon to stay alert and
knowledgeable?

If so, then they could maintain the secrecy by giving the public repeated official denials that there is no
evidence that of our earth's government has engaged with extraterrestrial intelligence. This also
maintains the secrecy of these earth saving technologies derived over decades of study and trillions of
dollars, so they can remain hidden within the unacknowledged black projects and remain accessible only
to the privileged few. Thus securing their vested interests in geopolitical control of the haves and have
not's which must rely on their very profitable oil, gas, coal and nuclear sources of energy while further
ecological damage continues year after year on our planet.

Is it really anything new and actually quite common these days, that large multi-national corporations
deceive and manipulate information for the gain of profit at the price of doing things that are contrary
for the good of all humanity? If humanity's children are ever to survive in the future, this deceptive
practice cannot continue. With greater and greater secrecy and our liberties being constantly
encroached upon just as Eisenhower warned it is more important now than ever that people become
aware and seek disclosure of these runaway illegal secret projects withholding technologies that would
end the environmental damage. Because lies based upon more lies over the years makes the truth
increasingly difficult to disclose, because this control group if not circumvented by the people, may in
the direction we are heading, eventually lead to a planeticide, the killing of our entire planet. For this
reason we must change the course we are heading in and begin to unravel the hidden deceptive webs
that have been weaved, and do the right thing for all mankind and the future of this planet.

The technology they have hidden in these black projects is probably beyond the imagination of science
fiction writers. As Ben Rich16 the Head of Lockheed Skunkworks stated publicly in a 1993 UCLA Speech
"We already have the means to travel among the stars, but these technologies are locked up in black
projects and it would take an Act of God to ever get them out to benefit humanity... Anything you can
imagine, we already know how to do. X17


16
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben Rich

17
     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRHxPpgGljo
You can only try to imagine what technologies are hidden today in these projects. As Disclosure
Witness Mark McCandlish testified18 regarding an exhibit for top brass back in the 1950's showing
hovering off the ground three ARVs (Alien Reproduction Vehicles) which could achieve hyper luminal
(faster than light speed) craft in the black projects, so you can see what Ben Rich meant by "Anything
you can imagine" and this was stated by Ben Rich over two decades ago in 1993. So anything you've
seen in science fiction is probably only scratching the surface of what technologies are hidden in these
unacknowledged projects which have taken in trillions of dollars for R&D from the early 1950's to the
present day. As Arthur C. Clark once quoted "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable
from magic" and so these technologies would appear to the average person today, just as the
impression of a helicopter landing among aborigines remote from civilization. We would appear as gods
to them, probably in a similar response to our own civilization in ancient times when extraterrestrials
engaged the human race.

As Eisenhower left office with this warning and President John F. Kennedy assumed the presidency
Kennedy was the last president to be briefed on the extraterrestrials according to Astronaut Edgar
Mitchell the sixth man to walk on the moon, as he publicly stated on February 18, 200419

"A "cabal of insiders" in the U.S. government were studying recovered alien bodies, and that this group
had stopped briefing U.S. Presidents about extraterrestrials after John F. Kennedy."

On April 18, 1961 "The Brookings Report" 20 submitted a report to congress titled "The implications of a
discovery of extraterrestrial life" in this report they essentially concluded that:

           Our current structure of society could disintegrate with new unfamiliar ideas about life
           Long held and sanctioned Religious beliefs could be disrupted
           That there would be nothing to learn from an advanced intelligent race
           Advanced knowledge from ETs would ruin some of the long held theories of scientists
           In conclusion it suggests to withhold the truth from the public

President Kennedy was aware of this cabal of insiders that were controlling the information. On April
27, 1961 he gave a speech about being "opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless
conspiracy "21

 "For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on
covert means for expanding its sphere of influence--on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion
instead of elections, on intimidation instead offree choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by
day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly

18 http://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=4XvLN36tdxY

19
     http://www.sptimes.com/2004/02/18/Neighborhoodtimes/Astronaut     We ve had .shtml

20
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brookings Report

21
     http://youtu.be/QeYgLLahHv8
knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific and
political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined.
Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed, no secret is
revealed. It conducts the Cold War, in short, with a war-time discipline no democracy would ever hope or
wish to match."

During office Kennedy shared a bit too much with Marilyn Monroe regarding the extraterrestrial
situation, as a CIA wiretap22 of Marilyn Monroe's phone on August 3, 1962 revealed...

She knew of the "visit by the President at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from
outer space" and a secret effort to "identify origins of crashed spacecraft and dead bodies" and that she
made reference to "her 'diary of secrets' and what the newspapers would do with such disclosures" and
that she "threatened to hold a press conference and would tell all"

Marilyn was found dead two days after that wiretap on August 5, 1962.

On November 12, 1963 President Kennedy sends a Top Secret Memo23 to the director of the CIA
                                                                                            24
requesting the release of information on UFOs. On the same day JFK also sends a 2nd memo
unclassified to NASA administrator expressing a desire for cooperation with the former Soviet Union on
mutual outer space activities.

November 22, 1963 just 10 days later John F. Kennedy the last president to be briefed and aware of the
cabal of insiders that maintain the secrecy is assassinated.

Continued official denial of this reality to the public came on December 17, 1969 as the US Air Force's
Project Blue Book is terminated based on the Condon Committee25 headed by Dr. Edward Condon
working with the CIA came to the conclusion: Stating that "as a result of these investigations, studies
and experience gained from investigating UFO reports since 1948, the conclusions of Project Blue Book
were: No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of
threat to our national security.    There has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force
that sightings categorized as "unidentified" represent technological developments or principles beyond
the range of present day scientific knowledge. There has been no evidence indicating the sightings
categorized as "unidentified" are extraterrestrial vehicles."

A leaked memo from the director of the Condon Committee stated that "'The trick' he wrote 'would be,
I think, to describe the project so that to the public, it would appear a totally objective study but, to the
scientific community, would present the image of a group of non-believers trying their best to be

22
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/CIAwiretapMonroe2.jpg

23
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/1-7478945ead.jpg

24 http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/jfkufomemo2.ipg

25
     http://en.wIKipeaia.org/wiki/Condon committee
objective, but having an almost zero expectation offinding a saucer.' "revealing the agenda to shut
down further investigation into the issue.

President Jimmy Carter was the first President of the United States of America to have officially
reported26 the UFO he saw to the authorities. He was also the President who said that if elected he
would see that UFO-Alien Full Disclosure would take place. That the American public would be told the
truth about everything was one of the campaign cries of Jimmy Carter. Carter made a promise he could
not or would not be able to keep.

After Carter won the White House, he paid a visit to the then CIA Director, George H. W. Bush. Carter
had an interest in UFOs ever since experiencing his first sighting sometime in 1969 while standing
outside a Lion's Club in Georgia. His campaign speeches promised to unravel the government's long
held UFO cover-up and give full Disclosure.

Carter wanted the U.S. Government's UFO secret documents declassified. George H. W. Bush more or
less told Carter that the President of the United States did not have the need to know the information
contained in those documents. This account was testified by Disclosure Witness Daniel Sheehan27 that
a president of the United States did not have a need to know and was denied access.

In 1987 Senator Daniel K. Inouye gives a speech28 regarding this "shadowy government", implying it
operates completely independently from the laws of our legal constitutional government.

"There exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fund raising
mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and
balances, and free from the law itself."

The fact that presidents and high level individuals which you would naturally assume would have a
"need to know" at any security level to have access, have been denied access, as a director of the
Central Intelligence Agency soon finds out.

Now with MJ-12 teams discrediting whistle blowing witnesses and a pervasive control of the
mainstream media, it would seem as though this cabal could stay out of the light of public disclosure
and into deeper realms of continued secrecy until one day.

In 1993 President Clinton having a high interest in the UFO subject, asked his CIA Director James
Woolsey to bring him the information in the classified files on UFOs.

The CIA director James Woolsey was also DENIED ACCESS. Frustrated that the head of the CIA is being
denied access he sought outside the normal channels of the government/military structure an authority


26
     http://www.presidentialufo.com/old site/Carter Sighting Report 2.gif

27
     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7VT7djS_N_io

28
     http://www.youtube.comjwatch?v=EbFphXSzb8w
on the subject in civilian sector and contacted the director of the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence (CSETI)29 Dr. Steven Greer.

A private meeting with the CIA director occurs where Dr. Greer brings many documents and photos
substantiating the reality. Mr. Woolsey responds with "I know this subject is real, 1 want to know why
the he/I1 can't gain access to it!"

Dr. Greer having been brought to the awareness of the gravity of the situation with the Director of
Central Intelligence being denied access and the implications to the entire world if these illegal rogue
corporate operations are allowed to continue to operate in an agenda contrary to the benefit of all
mankind which remains hidden due to their vast resources and infiltration into the media, government,
intelligence, military, financial etc. which maintains this secrecy.

The only way to show what is happening behind the scenes is not to have a few witnesses to testify, as
witnesses cannot individually effectively disclose this issue, as they are discredited and sometimes
silenced. So a decision was made to collect not a few but hundreds of witnesses from within the
military, intelligence and corporate sectors with collaborating testimonies and official documentation
and bring disclosure to the people of the world.

In 1993 Dr. Greer meets with his military advisors and decision is made to start the Witness Archival
Project gathering hundreds of military, intelligence and corporate witnesses collecting testimonies on
video and official corroborating documentation from witnesses that were willing to testify under oath
before a congressional hearing.

Think about this for a second, what would you do if you were in Dr. Greer's shoes and had the shocking
revelation after a meeting with the director of central intelligence who would have a need to know if
anybody has a need to know in our government, is being denied access because of the very system of
our National Security has been usurp by rogue interests locking out our legal constitutional
government's oversight. What a task to be placed upon anyone's shoulders, not to mention extremely
dangerous. We have Dr. Greer to thank for attempting to bring this otherwise totally hidden situation
out into public's awareness.

You would imagine in a just legal court system that if you have only 5 witnesses that are willing to swear
under oath that something is true with evidence, you would have a closed case. Because of the brave
efforts of Dr. Greer there are now over 500 witnesses! How many do you really need to establish a
truth?

By 2000 over 450 witnesses have been collected and have gone on record with the Witness Archival
Project which began in 1993 which include Admirals, Astronauts, Generals as well as top secret military
in all branches of service and the intelligence community.


29
     http://www.CSETl.org
Now with irrefutable proof Dr. Greer plans to do a world disclosure event and go to the National Press
Club in Washington D.C. in front of the major media of the world.

Dr. Greer had his life threatened for him not to proceed. Courageously he did proceed.

Sarah McClendon the famed white house correspondent gave her sponsorship to Dr. Greer for the
National Press Club meeting. An interesting quote Sarah once received from George H.W. Bush who
said to her: "Sarah, if the American people ever find out what we have done, they will chase us down the
streets and lynch us."

On May 9, 2001 a World Disclosure Event happens at the National Press Club Washington D.C.30 It was
the largest event in the History of the National Press club since Clinton and the Monica affair issue.

Out of the 450 witnesses 21 were willing in front of 22 cameras of the major networks to give their
testimony and each stated that they are willing to testify under oath before an open congressional
hearing.

I was one of those 21 witnesses that day that gave testimony, as I had a high level Top Secret crypto
with extra sensitive material handling security clearance in the US Navy and worked at the busiest
military communication facility on the planet back in 1969, Naval Communications Station San Francisco.
A highly secured facility31 in which colored electronic badges allowed you access into different
compartments. Most of the communications were via teletype at that time to the ships at sea. I was a
certified high speed code operator and was in charge of the code room for ship to shore
communications. This primitive yet effective slower form of communication was utilized as it was the
only modality that could get the signal through adverse atmospheric conditions. In 1969 while
monitoring several ship to shore channels32 simultaneously for traffic from the ships, I received the most
unusual message that I'll never forget of the thousands of messages I received during the years I worked
there. The message was a Priority level that was classified as Secret. It was addressed to the Chief of
Naval Operations in Washington DC and it came from a USNS ship (a military support ship owned by the
US Navy that is usually crewed by civilians) off the coast of Alaska. As I am decoding the message I am
reading that the crew visually witnessed off the port bow of the ship, emerging out of the ocean was a
brightly glowing reddish orange elliptical object, approximately 70 feet in diameter33. It emerged out of
the ocean and immediately shot straight up into space. The object was tracked on ships radar to be
traveling at an estimated 7,000 mph. This was around the time we had just landed on the moon.

I attempted to gain supporting documentation through the Office of Naval Intelligence in a freedom of
information act request, but they responded that the message had been destroyed. My testimony was a

30
     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkswXVmG4xM

31
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/NAVCOMMSTASFRANI.JPG

32 http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/receivingmessage.ipg

33
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosurJcbsufooutofwater.ipg
only small fragment to the overall picture and comparatively far less significant to some of the explosive
testimony of the other witnesses, who many were able to obtain corroborating official documentation
supporting their testimony.

Here is partial listing of what was disclosed that day by witness testimonies in front of 22 cameras...

  Our Legal Government being Denied Access with Proof from at least two Presidential Administrations

  57 different ET species have been cataloged in 1989 according to retrieval team member Sgt Clifford
Stone.

  A Lunar base on the dark side of the moon was visually witnessed by Karl Wolfe USAF at NSA Facility

  NASA sanitizes information to the public according to NASA employee Donna Hare

  No Legal Oversight to Unacknowledged Black Rogue projects taking in many billions a year.

  Technologies that could end Energy & Environmental Crisis has been hidden in these black projects

  The ET civilizations have not shown hostility, have only shut down our nuclear weapons.

  We have witnesses involved in targeting and shooting down ET craft and retrieving them

  Alien Reproduction Vehicles exist within these black projects as testified by Mark McCandlish

  A hoaxed extraterrestrial threat was the final of a sequence of future planned false flag events
according to Wernher Von Braun spokesperson Dr. Carol Rosin (note this was statedjust prior to 9-11)


Disclosure Witness Larry Warren on the phone to the UK shared with me that on that day that they were
picketing outside of Parliament in the UK with signs reading "Expose the Secret Government" and
"Release the Extraterrestrial Technologies"

With this many credible witnesses and explosive testimonies willing to testify under oath at this world
changing event you'd think the newspaper headlines would read the next day...

A LUNAR BASE DISCOVERED ON DARK SIDE OF THE MOON!
EARTH IS BEING VISITED BY 57 SPECIES OF EXTRATERRESTRIALS
EARTH SAVING TECHNOLOGIES DISCLOSED IN BLACK PROJECTS
60 YEARS OF UFO SECRECY ENDSI ILLEGAL ROGUE OPERATIONS EXPOSED
WASHINGTON APPROVES OPEN CONGRESSIONAL HEARING FOR WITNESSES TESTIFING ON UFOS

The night before getting on a flight to Washington to testify, I was tossing and turning thinking about the
implications of what was to be disclosed to the public the next day. I was very familiar with many of
other witness testimonies and couldn't imagine how the world would never be the same after such a
disclosure. That night I had a very lucid dream that I was at the National Press Club and each witness
gave his testimony and at the end a MJ-12 operative came up to the podium (remember this is only in a
dream) and he begins to discredit each of the witness testimonies, saying this is a classified program
here and so on and that we have all broken our national security oaths. All of the witnesses had their
mouths drop, because they knew the disinformation was a lie, and he effectively discredited all the
testimonies.

I decided to walk up to him and in a friendly way and say to him that "I really must congratulate you for
the tremendous efforts you have put forth all these years in order to keep this truth hidden". At that
moment something different occurred whereas all of a sudden there was this awareness between
everyone in the room that we are all interconnected on a spiritual fundamental level, and that what we
do to others we do to ourselves. As Indian Chief Seattle put it "Man does not weave this web of life. He
is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself."
But this was just a dream and I had to be in Washington DC the next morning for the real thing. As it
turns out they didn't need an MJ-12 operative to discredit the event as you will soon learn...


How the Mainstream Media Controls Disclosure

I've been in communications all my life, from ham radio as a kid to being involved with military
communications in the Navy, 13 years at the Naval Electronic Systems Engineering Center working on
military satellite communications, to being the chief engineer of the most powerful radio station on the
west coast. While working in the broadcast industry I was assigned as an ABC newsman reading news
stories on the air from our UPI and AP teletype printouts, so I took a keen interest in how the news
reporters were going represent to the public what was being disclosed.

Communications are vital for the evolution and growth of a society, just as the internet has spawned an
enormous g►obal exchange of information, such as this website delivering information allowing you to
research and gather information from several sources and make your own informed decision as to what
is true and what's not. Always research the information for yourself from multiple credible sources and
connect your own dots and learn the truth.

In the military during war, the first objective is to take out the communications of the enemy through
means such as jamming their signal and then bring in special psyop (Psychological Operations) teams
that would disseminate propaganda to support the objective of controlling the mental perception of the
enemy. Quoting from the CIA training manual "!n effect, the human being should be considered the
priority in a political war. And conceived as the military target ... the human being has his most critical
point in his mind. Once the mind has been reached, the 'political animal' has been defeated without
necessarily receiving bullets."

On May 9, 2001, The Disclosure Project held a major international press conference at the National
Press Club in Washington DC.34 Hosted by legendary White House reporter Sarah McClendon, the event

34
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/NPC.ipg
featured over 20 top-secret government, military, intelligence and corporate witnesses to UFO events
and projects. These credible witnesses and their testimony presented ranged from Brig. General to
Colonels to a top FAA official. The National Press Club ballroom was packed with media from around the
world with 22 cameras in the back of the room. The event was very briefly reported on CNN, BBC, CBS,
Fox and many other outlets.

This two-hour event was the most watched live press event on the Internet and eventually over 1 million
people saw the event on the net. We called for a full investigation into illegal covert programs dealing
with UFOs and covert energy and propulsion projects. Congressional hearings were requested and the
media were asked to fully investigate the matter. Tens of thousands of people wrote members of
Congress and the US President asking for full, open, honest hearings at which some of the over 400
military and government-connected witnesses identified by The Disclosure Project could testify. The
reader may watch this 2 hour event online at www.DisclosureProject.org.

Interestingly, the first hour of the event was externally electronically jammed by "someone outside the
Press Club", according the National Press Club's Internet hosting company Connect Live. Sources later
confirmed that this was an electronic warfare jamming of the broadcast. Somebody didn't want the
public to access this.

Senior producers at two Big Media networks, who had been briefed in advance and were planning major
exposes in their newsmagazine programs, later told Dr. Greer the director of the Disclosure Project that
they were not allowed to go forward with their investigations or broadcast the programs. When he
asked why, they simply said, "They just won't let us do it." And when he asked who are `they'?, the reply
was, "Dr. Greer, you know who they are".

Here is smoking gun evidence, official government documents and dozens of credible, corroborated,
top-secret witnesses were presented to the world's major media which made sure the full message was
effectively sanitized before reaching the public.

Since the early 1950's the CIA's Operation Mockingbird35 had begun developing relationships with major
media outlets in order to implement propaganda and influence the public perception through the
mainstream media.

An interesting statement insinuating that the CIA operates by its own rules outside of the government
was made by the man who created the CIA in 1947 the former President Harry S. Truman, he stated on
22 December 1963, one month after the JFK assassination "For some time ! have been disturbed by the
way the CIA has been diverted from its original assignment. It has become an operational and at times a
policy-making arm of the government.... I never had any thought that when I set up the CIA that it would
be injected into peacetime cloak and dagger operations."

William Colby, the former CIA Director stated that "The Central Intelligence Agency owns everyone of
any significance in the major media."

3s
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation Mockingbird
William B. Bader, former CIA intelligence officer while briefing members of the Senate Intelligence
Committee stated that "There is quite an incredible spread of relationships. You don't need to
manipulate Time magazine, for example, because there are [Central Intelligence] Agency people at the
management level."

We know all of this to be true from a 1991 CIA Memorandum regarding media control, stating the CIA
has relationships with every major media outlet to change, hold or scrap stories in the interest of
"National Security".

Disclosure Witness Daniel Sheehan the famous Washington attorney who was one of the 20 witnesses
that day shared with me that he has a document naming 42 top media executives employed by the
CIA/NSA to oversee and sanitize the media in the interest of National Security.

You have to imagine how much easier it is today to control the media compared to 1983 where there
were 50 corporations36 that controlled all the newspapers, magazines, TV and radio stations, books,
music, movies, videos, wire services and photo agencies, essentially the vast majority of everything you
see and hear is now controlled by only 5 corporations in which higher management executives are
employees of the CIA or NSA.

So the question arises how could the elements that have infiltrated within the intelligence community
possibly keep the impact of these explosive witness testimonies that each stated they were willing to
testify under oath to such things as presidential administrations being denied access, witnessing a base
with domes and towers on the other side of the moon, that we have already cataloged over 57 different
species of extraterrestrials visiting us, that we have already faster than light craft in black projects back
in the 1950s and that there exists technology in these projects which would end the world energy crisis
and further environmental damage to the planet to name a few. All of this backed up by over 450
military, intelligence and corporate witnesses willing to testify under oath at an open congressional
hearing!

How could something of this magnitude with the 22 cameras in the back row of the National Press Club
which was filled with reporters from around the world not make an unprecedented impact on the
public?

When I went to Washington I honestly and naively thought that I was part of a world changing event.

Let's take a real example and do a PSYOPS analysis of the CNN Report of the event, since CNN is
considered by many the flagship news media outlet of the world. According to the CNN website; "CNN
Worldwide is a portfolio of more than two-dozen news and information services across cable, satellite,
radio, wireless devices and the Internet in more than 200 countries worldwide. In the United States, CNN
reaches more individuals on television, the web and mobile devices than any other TV news organization.
Internationally, CNN is the most widely distributed news channel reaching more than 260 million
households abroad; and, the CNN Digital Network is consistently the No.1 current events and news

36
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/media-ownership.gil
destination on the web. Additionally, CNN Newsource is the world's most extensively utilized news
service partnering with hundreds of local and international news organizations around the world."

Let's pretend for a moment that you are a media Psychological Operations37 or PSYOPS information
management level executive employed by the agency to clean up and sanitize this story before it hits
the air, so that no alerting information is disclosed regarding the illegal rogue operations or anything
else alarming to the public, but rather your assignment will be to divert the attention of what this major
event is about to make it appear that this is a group whose only sole purpose is wanting to have a
congressional hearing on "that we are not alone and that UFOs are real". As the commonly
controversial subject of life on other planets and whether or not UFOs are real, will raise little attention
as this has no direct impact on the lives of the average citizen, nor should it be anything they should be
concerned about.

This is how we would do it. Let's dissect the less than 2 minute official CNN news report of the event.

Your assignment will be to create this diverted perception in this news report by using the following
phrases in "bold italics" to create this perception of the description which precedes it.

Start of CNN news coverage report38

Opening objective is to direct the focus away from proof of illegal operations here on earth and onto the
perception that this group merely wants to prove the reality of UFOs and life on other planets.
Something that won't alert the listener that this is anything new.
"is there really life on other planets? Some government personal say they have proof there is"

Make it sound like this is nothing new, speculative UFO stories we've all heard before
"we've seen the photographs and stories of what some say is evidence of UFO"

Make it sound like we are just another group joining in solely on the argument that we are not alone
"Now a group of scientists, former air force and FAA officials is lending its voice that we are not alone"


Now here is the tricky part, review the entire opening speech by Dr. Greer and carefully pick out a
statement in his speech that makes it sound like the entire issue is only about the reality of UFOs and no
other matters. (This is also a good read to understand what was actually said at the Press Club that was
important enough to jam the signal for the first hour)


37 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological   Operations

38
     http://www.youtube.com/watcn!v=YuwiAkt WFK
Dr Greer's speech opening speech at the National Press Club:

"Members of the press, the American public and people of the world. We are here today to disclose the
truth about a subject that has been ridiculed, and questioned, denied for at least 50 years. The men and
women who are on this stage and the sum three hundred and fifty additional military, intelligence
witnesses to the so called UFO matter and extraterrestrial intelligence, can prove and will prove that we
are not alone. I would like to thank Sarah McClendon who is with us today, the famed white house
correspondent, for her sponsorship of this meeting. Thank you very much Sarah. In 1993 a group of
military advisors to this project that I met out in the countryside in Virginia, and we decided it was time
for civilian, military, intelligence and other people to come together to disclose the truth about the
subject which is called UFO. Since that time I have personally briefed a sitting director of central
intelligence, James Woolsey, President Clinton's first CIA director. I have personally briefed the head of
defense intelligence agency, the head of intelligence joint staff, members of the senate intelligence
committee, many members of congress, members of the European leadership, the Japanese cabinet and
others, and what I have found is that none of them are surprised that this is true, but they are uniformly
horrified that they have not had access to these projects. We can establish through these witnesses
which we have identified which now number over 400, and these are people who have been inside the
CIA, NSA, NRO, Air Force, Navy, Marines, Army, all divisions of intelligence and military community as
well as corporate witnesses contractors to the government. These are folks who have been involved in
so called black budget or covert unacknowledged projects. These unacknowledged special access
projects are taking in at least 40 to 80 billion dollars per year and they are sitting on technologies that
can change the world forever. The reason we are coming forward now is that we are asking for the US
congress and President Bush to move towards an official inquiry and disclosure on this subject. It has
the most profound implications for the human future for the US national security and for world peace.
Specifically technologies connected to UFO and extraterrestrial vehicles to get declassified and used for
peaceful energy generation and propulsion. Would solve the looming energy crisis definitively, would
end global warming, correct the environmental challenges that the earth is facing. It is also critical that
we begin to debate a society the propriety of placing weapons in space. If indeed as we can prove that
it is true, that we are not alone, and that space is territory which we are sharing with other civilizations,
it could be a very imprudent, destabilizing thing to place weapons in space. This is not being debated
 because it is off the national, international radar screen, it needs to be placed on it and we are here
today to do it....

Ah this statement below will work, asit only talks about the reality of UFOsI

(CUT] We can establish through this testimony, that these objects of extraterrestrial origin, have been
tracked on radar going thousands of miles per hour, stopping and making right hand turns (CUT]

And then the part immediatelyfollowing which got cut out goes on to say...

that they use anti-gravity propulsion systems, which we have already figured out how they work in
classified projects in the United States, Great Britain and elsewhere. That these objects have landed on
terra firma at times have been disabled and have been retrieved specifically by teams within the United
States that extraterrestrial life forms have been retrieved, and their vehicles have been taken and
studied thoroughly for at least 50 years. We can prove through the testimony and the documents we
will be presenting that this subject has been hidden from members of congress and at least two
presidential administrations that we are aware of. And that the constitution of the United States has
been subverted by the growing powers of these classified projects and that this is a danger to the
national security. There is no evidence, I wish to emphasize, that these life forms from elsewhere are
hostile towards us, but there is a great deal of evidence that they are concerned with our hostility.
There are times when they have neutralized or rendered inert the launch capabilities of intercontinental
ballistic missiles. Witnesses here today will describe those events to you. They have shown clearly that
they do not want us to weaponize space, and yet we are proceeding down that dangerous path. And it
will be established that these projects because they have not been supervised properly by the congress,
by the US president, by the international community, have become a threat to the national security, and
for this reason we feel that we must disclose the facts. This is the beginning of the campaign for
disclosure, and in a memo that I wrote to President Bush last week, I stated that this campaign will
persist until our campaign goals are met, and they are as follows. That we have open honest hearings
on this subject in the US congress. That there be a permanent ban on the weaponization of space or the
targeting of any objects of extraterrestrial origin. That there be a full and complete study of classified
technologies connected to this subject to see how they could be properly declassified and applied for
peaceful energy generation, so that world may get off of fossil fuels in enough time to prevent greater
ecosystem damage or war over the looming energy crisis which is sure to sweep the earth in the coming
decade. This is a matter of the most impressing importance, it has been ridiculed yes, I know many in
the media would like to talk about little green men. But in reality the subject is laughed at because it is
so serious. I've had grown men weep, who are in the Pentagon, who are members of congress, and who
have said to me what are we going to do? Here is what we will do. We will see that this matter is
properly disclosed. And these courageous witnesses, the first 21of over 100 that we have already
interviewed on video tape, have stepped forward to speak the truth. Now I expect people to be
skeptical, but not irrationally so, because these men and women have come forward and they have their
credentials, they can establish who they are and they have been first hand witnesses to some of the
most important events in the history of the human race. As it was pointed out by some of the men
here, they were charged with handling the nuclear weapons of the United States, their word was trusted
on everything of great importance for the national security, we must trust their word now. As
Monsignor Balducci said at the Vatican, in an interview I had with him recently, it is irrational not to
accept the testimonies of these witnesses, so please be skeptical, but that is not the same as prejudice
and closed minded. This is a matter of great importance, and I ask the media, the scientific community
and the political community to look seriously at this matter and to do the right thing for humanity and
for our children."

The speech continues from here but you get the idea, and you now have the carefully selected section
to support that Dr. Greer's main focus of this event is only talking about the reality of UFOs.

Note in Dr. Greer's speech he gives a warning that we need to disclose and release these technologies to
"prevent greater ecosystem damage or war over the looming energy crisis". Only 4 months pass after
this speech and the 9-11 event occurred leading to war in the oil rich middle east, and we are all
painfully aware of the horrendous ecosystem continuing damage to the planet from both the Gulf oil
spill and the radiation from the ongoing Fukushima reactors meltdown. These dangerously destructive
technologies would be made obsolete if the hidden earth saving technologies in the black projects are
released for the entire world to use.

It is noteworthy in witness testimony that Wernher Von Braun spoke of false flag events which the cabal
had planned many years in advance to further their agenda, events such as terrorists, third world
countries, asteroids then the final false flag would be the extraterrestrial threat, all of which are based
on lies, as the extraterrestrials have shown non-hostility and restraint even though we target them
according to inside military witnesses. So if the false flag extraterrestrial threat is still planned by the
Industrial Military Complex for the future to expand trillions of dollars in expenditures in a another
warring conflict with extraterrestrials as Hollywood continually portrays in movies, then only the portion
disclosed in the public's mind that "UFOs are real" could work perfectly for that agenda.


Back to our CNN news piece special PSYOP editing...

Dr Green's carefully selected audio -'We can establish through this testimony, that these objects of
extraterrestrial origin, have been tracked on radar going thousands of miles per hour, stopping and
making right hand turns"

Now say that more than hundred people have been videotaped supporting what 'they say are close
encounters' this again makes it sound like the testimony is about UFO close encounters. Then select an
older witness who says he "believes he saw a UFO 60 years ago" do not mention the official Navy
documentation he brought substantiating the event.
Since 1993 Dr Greer says he has videotaped testimony from more than hundredpeople about what
they say are close encounters, people like retirednavy commander pilot Graham Bethume, who
believes he saw a UFO sixty years ago while flying to Newfoundland. Cmdr Behthume's audio "then it
appeared over to the right, and moved out slowly infair weather, it was still not at our altitude, but
we could see the shape ofit, it had a dome"

Make the assumption that the case we are supporting through documents is strictly about the reality of
UFOs without mentioning what some of the documents were indicating.
"In addition the Disclosure Project says it has documents supporting its case, including FAA records
and CIA memos."

Address the purpose of this event is to have a congressional hearing. Since the reality of whether or not
UFOs exist is such a trivial matter they can only "hope" President Bush will even take notice. Let it be
known that this is a questionable issue as there is criticism from skeptics that counter this view.
"What do members what to do with this information? They hope congress andPresident Bush take
notice, they want to see congressionalhearings into the matter, despite criticism from skeptics"
Use a clip that makes it sound like what John Callahan, a head FAA person is only talking about the belief
of UFO reality and nothing about the CIA swearing him to secrecy as he testified with substantial
supporting proof which the CIA didn't confiscate from him.
John Callahan audio -'Those that don't want to believe you, will never believe you anyway, still that
doesn't matter, that doesn't change the truth"

Let people think that some official response has addressed the congressional hearing request, and say
that "no hearings are planned right now" which alludes to they may not "now", but that leaves the
possibility of having hearings in the future exists, rather than saying President Bush has denied hearing
request. This closes the door to wondering if there is any further accountability of this event by the
government.
"A spokespersonfor the senate science, technology and space committee says no congressional
hearings are planned right now, Elanine Quijano CNNHeadline News Washington"

End of CNN news coverage report

 As you can see the selected (CUTj section from Dr. Greer's opening speech is a non-red flag sentence in
the speech that makes it sound like the entire issue is about the reality of UFOs because immediately
after where this is cut Dr. Greer goes on to say... "that they use anti-gravity propulsion systems, which
we have already figured out how they work in classified projects". The inclusion of this statement would
of course immediately grab every listener's attention and bring a lot of public attention on this issue to
ask accountability for such statements, which would be able to be proven true, and then it would open
up a Pandora's box of further questions which would eventually lead to disclosing the hidden
technologies, something which is not desired by those wishing to keep this secret from the world and
continue their control and profiteering.

I mean really, 450 witnesses willing to testify under oath before congress which include testimonies
about a base on the moon, 57 cataloged extraterrestrials, our legal government of presidents and CIA
directors being denied access, and a solution to the energy crisis which can halt further ecosystem
damage to our planetl The reporters for 2 hours at the press conference missed all that? Of course
they didn't and you really can't blame the reporters, they bring back the all the information to the
network and the higher executives prepare in the editing room how and what information the
newscaster says on the air, who is only doing his job as a newscaster.

Speaking of higher executives preparing information. You can now congratulate yourself on a well
accomplished PSYOP masterpiece sanitization of this event by successfully diverted the critical full
information that was disclosed into one that gives the perception that this entire issue is nothing more
than people claiming UFOs are real and want government recognition. Mission accomplished.

Now the average television viewer sitting back on the couch eating potato chips watching the news will
may likely have the perception of something like...

Wow that's a different interesting news story, I knew there is something to all that with all those UFO
reports I've heard about, wonder why they feel it is such an important issue to disclose, I mean like, a lot
of people already feel that UFOs are real. I doubt with all the current critical problems in the world that
Washington is going to give the reality of UFOs much priority. Who knows if it's really real or not, the
government doesn't acknowledge it to be, and it seems like another waste of tax payers' money to have
a congressional hearing on simply the reality of UFOs. It's an interesting subject and material for
philosophical discussion, but it doesn't directly impact my life directly in any way, so it's very low on my
priorities list.

This is how secrecy is maintained through the manipulation of perception in the mainstream media.

After the National Press Club event CBS Special Assignment team in Los Angeles travels to specifically to
interview me regarding the Disclosure Project event since I am one of the 20 top secret military
witnesses that testified. This seems to me like a great opportunity to finally get the full truth out.

After the May 9, 2001 National Press Club event, a CBS Special Assignment team from Los Angeles was
sent to interview me regarding the event.39

The first thing I make clear to the reporter is that the entire purpose of my interview is to state one
thing, and that is that "we have a solution to the energy crisis and are willing to bring forth the scientists
to prove before a scientific inquiry board before congress that these technologies can give free non-
polluting energy and have been suppressed for over SD years". That it is critical for the future of Earth to
have these technologies properly released, and that I am only willing to do this interview if you promise
that this doesn't get cut out and I can say this on the air.

The reporter promised me that the solution to the energy crisis would be included in the broadcast. So
the day after the interview before the broadcast the reporter called me up and left a very apologetic
message on my voice mail saying:

"Oh gosh I don't know how to say this 1 had some problems with the piece and basically the higher
executives made me cut that part out. But it's still a decent piece it still gets the Disclosure Project out
there, and the fact that people are asking for hearings"

I called her back and emphasized that the public needs to be made aware that we are asking open
congressional hearings to release the suppressed technologies that can solve the energy and
environmental crisis. She replied that it would be possibly too much information for the public to deal
with at once.

Note that in the editing of my interview, CBS following its flagship mainstream media news leader CNN
used exactly the same theme and format of "We are not alone" and the exact short section of Dr.
Greer's speech of UFOs going thousands of miles per hour and making right hand turns. They followed
CNN's lead to the letter ending with "no congressional hearings are planned right now".


39
     http://www.youtu be.com/watch?vZtudvCO1t7Q
The only thing I was able to say that came out of that 40 minutes of interviewing was "we've come to a
critical point where the truth needs to be revealed to the people" The problem is that, CBS like CNN
never got to the listener what exactly that "truth to be revealed" is about.

While still in Washington immediately following the National Press Club event, all of the witnesses broke
into teams and began meeting with congressmen and senators on Capital Hill40. We sat in on some
hearings and the number one topic was on energy shortages and pollution problems. People are
concerned about daily functioning with enough electricity to do their work and gasoline to get to work
and about the air they breathe especially in Los Angeles, California where they were having rolling
blackouts at the time.

We provided in meetings with each representative a 4 hour long Executive Briefing Video41 and a 500
page Disclosure Project Briefing Document42. In one representatives meeting joined by a number of
witnesses I said that all of us should be thrown into prison if what we are saying is false and are
perpetuating a hoax on national television, all we are asking, is for you to seriously look into this matter.

By the way the mainstream media never mentioned that the men and women who gave testimony in
front of all of the cameras at the National Press Club were not just a group of UFO believers that want
congress to only know that "we are not alone" as they portrayed, but more seriously we were testifying
in violation of their National Security oaths which could entail severe penalties. According to our legal
consul attorney Daniel Sheehan who is a famous Washington attorney, he stated that because these
rogue unconstitutional operations are illegal to begin with, they cannot site the rule of law against the
witnesses.

All of the representatives were polite but we got the impression that this was way too much of a hot
potato which nobody wanted to touch during their office term.

Since the mainstream media wasn't getting the Disclosure Project's full message out to the public and
the representatives weren't responding. It felt like the only way to get change in Washington was to
start a grass roots movement so that the public becomes aware of this critical issue. So Dr. Greer
started the "Campaign for Disclosure" by traveling to all the major cities in the United States.

I personally joined Dr. Greer throughout the western states where large halls were rented with large
video displays, where we were able to condense the 4 hour Executive Briefing to half the length into a 2
hour video presentation43 which received standing ovations from every crowd. Some of the cities I
joined in the campaign tour were Boulder, Co, San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Ashland OR,
Eugene OR, and Portland OR.

40
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/gregwaldenoffice.ipg

41 Part 1- http://youtu.be/ud49Gh9yYLs Part 2 - http://youtu.be/kpHAxxRKksQ

42
     http://www.disclosureproject.org/access/docs/pdf/DisclosureProlectBriefingDocument.pdf

43
     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUOTF7NQIwQ
Being an ex-ABC newsman I took interest in how the local level news reporters were going to cover the
event and was present when media was interviewing. Without exception in every city the mainstream
media television network affiliates that are controlled by the corporations, spun and ridiculed the
subject matter.

In San Diego they had dancing alien dolls with smoke in the background. In San Francisco we heard they
were told to make fun of it, so when it aired they said "The Disclosure Project is looking to aliens to solve
the world's energy problems". In Portland, Oregon this was the only video I was able to get a hold of
showing one example of the "Giggle Factor" where everyone laughs afterward and says.. UFOs and
Energy let's get to the big story.. The Blazers meet the Lakers in the playoffs... [Link to video]

Why do people evoke a nervous laughter response to the most important issue in the history of
mankind? There would be no "Giggle Factor" today if the government had responded from the
beginning in an open and straightforward manner. But it did not, instead, it's continued and vociferous
denials by officials and discrediting "little green men" spread disbelief to the point that the media,
despite the numerous information leaks to the contrary, has set the standard for the normal agreed
upon reality. The "Giggle Factor" is a nervous laughter response that has stemmed out of decades of
indoctrination of official denial and ridicule, so that when you laugh at it, you are saying you are with the
accepted agreed upon reality and therefore look credible to discredit it.

This is one of the reasons why this subject keeps its own best secrecy, where the disinformation on this
subject goes as far back as the early 1950's originating from the CIA's "Operation Mockingbird" which
had begun developing relationships with major media outlets in order to implement propaganda and
influence the public perception through the mainstream media. It has been developed into a
sophisticated fine art of deception to create a false perception by the public. It has been all pervasive
and has continued through the decades of denial. Yet it is laughed at because it is so serious because
deep inside we know that the implications of this being an accepted reality, will cause some people to
react nervously, as it would impact their entire perception of our agreed upon reality.

This is what the continued propaganda from government official reports that originated decades ago
such as the Robinson Panel and Condon Committee has created and perpetuated to present day. It
creates in society a form of "Cognitive Dissonancei45 where overwhelming evidence of the cover up
continually reveals itself through ongoing leaks, whistleblowers and the alternative media news, yet the
evening news and the government tells a completely different story causing a disturbing mental
situation where the movie isn't matching the subtitles of what is really happening.

A recent example of this is a petition that on September 11, 2011 was sent to the White House with
thousands of signatures. The petition read:


as
     http://youtu.be/KRMcZibwicYb~

4s
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive Dissonance
 "We, the undersigned, strongly urge the President of the United States to formally acknowledge an
extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race and immediately release into the public domain all
files from all agencies and military services relevant to this phenomenon." Hundreds of military and
government agency witnesses have come forward with testimony confirming this extraterrestrial
presence. Opinion polls now indicate more than 50% of the American people believe there is an
extraterrestrial presence and more than 80% believe the government is not telling the truth about this
phenomenon. The people have a right to know. The people can handle the truth."

The White House responded with:

"The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our planet, or that an extraterrestrial
presence has contacted or engaged any member of the human race. In addition, there is no credible
information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public's eye." and "the odds of us
making contact with any of them—especially any intelligent ones —are extremely small, given the
distances involved. But that's all statistics and speculation. The fact is we have no credible evidence of
extraterrestrial presence here on Earth. X46

The official denials from the White House continue to this day

So over 500 military and intelligence witnesses and corroborating documentation willing to testify under
oath does not represent that the government has any evidence, and the White House's response that
the odds being extremely small that they could travel to earth because of the distances involved, has
been refuted by several respected scientists such as physicist Harold Puthoff 47 who stated that: "The
possibility of reduced-time interstellar travel by advanced extraterrestrial civilizations at present, or
ourselves in the future, is not fundamentally constrained by physical principles."

But this is obviously not the issue, as there is a strict policy in place.

What about our individual representatives of senators and congressmen in Washington? How are they
responding to this issue?


How our Representatives in Washington respond to UFO/ET Disclosure

Since the mainstream media was sanitizing information of the Disclosure Project event so that the public
was not made aware of the full implications of this disclosure, and the many representatives we had
meetings with in their offices on Capitol Hill were not moved to take action. It seemed like unless there


as
  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/formally-acknowledge-extraterrestrial-presence-en~a~ing-human-
race-disclosure/wfYDImIG
47
     http://en.wikipedia.or wiklHarol_d_ E. Puthott
is a public outcry in large numbers our representatives don't want to touch this subject. During the
Disclosure Project Campaign Tour in major cities across the United States, a lot of individuals were
inspired to write letters to the president and their elected representatives as we were asking. But what
we found was that people generally just do not find the time to write a letter to Washington and Emails
just get deleted.

Since I was one of the technical administrators for the DisclosureProject.org web site, I stayed up all
night with my programmer and friend Robert Langhorn and we created the Disclosure Project Online
Fax in which could send to all the individual fax numbers for the President, VP and all the senators and
members of congress. I was also able to include all of the international embassies around the world for
people outside the US to contact their country's leader. It worked great and was completely automated
but could be individually personalized so that each fax letter could be unique to increase the
effectiveness.

Here is a sample template of one fax letter version:

"Dear Representative

As you know, the recorded testimony of scores of military, government and other witnesses to
Unidentified Flying Objects and Extraterrestrial events and projects from around the world establishes
the existence of a UFO/Extraterrestrial presence on and around Earth. This recorded testimony consists
of dozens of first-hand, often top-secret witnesses to UFO and Extraterrestrial events, internal UFO-
related government projects and covert activities, space-based weapons programs, and covert, reverse-
engineered energy and propulsion system projects. The technologies that are of an Extraterrestrial
origin, when publicly released within a planned transition period, will provide solutions to global
environmental and security challenges.

These numerous recorded witnesses constitute only a small portion of a vast pool of identified present
or former military, intelligence, corporate, aviator, flight control, law enforcement officers, scientists
and other witnesses, who will come forward when subpoenaed to testify at Congressional hearings.
Without a grant of immunity releasing them from their security oaths, many such unimpeachable
witnesses fear to speak out.

Legislation will ban space-based weapons and will help to transform the terrestrial war industry into a
world cooperative military (without space weapons), civil, and commercial space industry. This will
provide unprecedented benefits and opportunities to all on Earth and in space.

Our generation of voters and leaders are responsible for this once in a lifetime decision - to ban space-
based weapons so that we will be permitted to join the peaceful travelers in the universe.

Therefore, the undersigned are asking that you sponsor, enact and actively support each of the
following:

    To hold open, comprehensive, secrecy-free hearings to take military/agency witness testimony on
events and evidence relating to an Extraterrestrial presence on and around Earth.
    To hold open hearings on advanced energy and propulsion systems, relating to extraterrestrial
phenomena that, when publicly released, will provide solutions to global environmental challenges.
These technologies which may now be sequestered behind the National Security Act.

     To enact legislation which will ban all space-based weapons, and to enact and implement
international treaty and legal standards prohibiting the weaponization of space.

    To enact comprehensive legislation to research, develop and explore space peacefully and
cooperatively with all cultures on Earth and in space.

Thank you for your prompt attention to my concerns.

Sincerely yours, Your Name
Address, City, State Zip and Email"


It was a success in the sense that more than 30,000 faxes were sent to individual representatives of the
United States. So Washington was getting barraged with Disclosure requests. Note that this is before
the 9-11 event that year. After 9-11more faxes went out with the included message that:

"The tragic events of September 11, 2001underscore the need to disclose this information so that the
world may at last have a practical replacement for oil and the internal combustion engine. For too long,
our mid-eat and foreign policy has been driven by the need to secure an endless supply of cheap oil -
and yet these rogue projects are withholding from us the very technologies that can realistically replace
all fossil fuel use."

I posted on the DisclosureProject.org website that we would like to share with everyone how your
elected representatives to your fax letters responded, and to send me your responses to post on the
website for all to see.

Approximately 53 people responded to the request to send their representative's response so they
could be posted online. After reading all individual responses I began to notice a pattern of response in
which the majority essentially just said in a template format "we'll keep your views in mind" or they
actually cited official denials from NASA and the conclusions of Project Blue Book. So it began to appear
that there was an indoctrinated response to this issue in a particular predefined manner.

In reviewing all the responses, the most common response was "we will keep your views in mind should
legislation about UFOs happen in the future." Essentially stating that debating the reality of UFOs is not
a pressing issue for Congress. Our first letters were apparently not getting across that our primary focus
is not only establishing the reality of UFOs and extraterrestrial civilizations visiting us, as the other issues
brought up were ignored. The testimonies irrefutably establish through hundreds of highly credible
witnesses willing to testify under oath before Congress. Without even the least review of this new
information which has been brought to light, several have responded quoting outdated official
government denial statements.
In our letters we have offered to bring them current with this subject by sending them the special
Executive Briefing video along with detailed supporting documentation. Beyond the UFO/ET issue
surrounds very serious issues in which these testimonies are revealing illegal operations within our
government structure which includes unchecked misappropriation of trillions of dollars into the black
projects, the targeting and destruction of extraterrestrial spacecraft and their occupants, the expose of
50 years of suppression of derived advanced technologies that if released could have a profound
positive impact on the current energy crisis, health care, pollution, and other environmental challenges.

You would think this important enough to warrant an open Congressional hearing? If the answer is
anything but yes, then we weren't apparently communicating these facts effectively or there is an
obvious standing unsaid order to stonewall this issue.
                                                                     4
You can read all the actual Representatives Response letters             which I posted online. Of a sampling
of 53 letters received back the responses were as such:

TYPES OF RESPRESENTATIVE RESPONSES:

0          POSITIVE ACTION - Taking responsible leadership in addressing this issue with action.

8          INTEREST - Having an inquiring interest to understand further these issues.

27         VIEWS IN MIND - Without legislation we can only your views in mind.

3          NOT MY DEPT - Stating that they are not responsible for handling or acting on this information.

7          NOT A PRIORITY - Based on misunderstanding of this issue, it is viewed as not a priority.

6          EVIDENCE DENIAL - Without reviewing the evidence they conclude with an official denial.

2          INAPPROPRIATE - Completely unjustifiable response which is inappropriate.

53         Total Letters - Posted as of August 26, 2001


For example just a few responses from representatives in Washington

                                                    49
June 22, 2001 Director of Presidential Messages
"Because of the large number of similar requests received by the White House, I must decline your
request"

July, 31, 2001 President George W. Bushso
"I believe Government should be active but limited, engaged but not overbearing. Your views are helpful

4s
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses.htm

49
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responsesf06-22-01-PRES-Dir%20of%20Presidential%20Messages.ipg
as my staff and 1 work with Congress to address our obligations to our citizens and to meet the Nation's
pressing needs."
                                                           s'
August 07, 2001 Presidential Director of Correspondence
"On behalf of President Bush, thank you for your letter. He appreciates hearing from the American
people about their concerns and welcomes their suggestions. President Bush is strongly committed to
pursuing policies and programs that meet America's priorities and address our needs. By working with
Congress and focusing on results, his Administration is making significant progress on an agenda that is
worth of our great country. In support of this goal, President Bush welcomes the ideas and opinions of all
Americans. Thank you for writing him, and best wishes."
                                                        52
June 26, 2001 Congressman Johnny Isakson of Georgia
"Thank you for contacting my office regarding the Disclosure Project. 1 appreciate your thoughts on this
issue. Unfortunately, you have been victimized by an internet hoax. The Disclosure Project is nothing
more than a fund raising device for its founders. To my knowledge, no investigative work of any
substance has been performed by this organization. There also are no technologies in existence that have
come from an extraterrestrial origin."
                                                  53
May 25, 2001 Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma
"However, in the recent absence of recent UFO activity, the absence of any scientific gain from the past
study of UFOs, and the absence of hostility from any previously reported UFOs, it would be irresponsible
to spend taxpayer money on hearings and legislation related to such phenomena."
                                                              54
June 29, 2001 Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell of Colorado
"As you know, people have long wondered. are we truly alone in this universe? There have been
numerous accounts of "contacts" or "sightings" of UFOs and extraterrestrial beings. While I certainly do
not discredit these reports, 1 Have not heard of any concrete evidence that would suggest there are other
beings out there. Please know that 1 will keep your thoughts on this matter in mind, but I doubt that
Congressional hearings dealing with extraterrestrial beings will be held in the Senate"

June 05, 2001 Senator Wayne Allard of Colorado55
"As one of the few scientists in the United States Senate, 1 believe in the scientific method and am open
to any credible information and proof of extraterrestrial contact, and to date there has been none. That

so
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/07-31-01-PRES-George-W-Bushipg

51
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/08-07-01-PRES-Presidential-Director-of-Correspondence.jpg

52
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/06-26-01-REP-GA-Johnny-Isakson.jpg

ss
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/05-25-01-OK-sen-James-Inhofe-fax file.jpg

54
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/05-08-01a-SEN-CO-Ben-Nighthorse-Campbell.jpp

ss
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/07-05-01-SEN-CO-Wayne-Allard.jpg
being said, we luckily live in a democracy where our government can be open with the majority of
information that it has. Little proof of extraterrestrial visitation was revealed in the two previous
Congressional hearings on UFO's in the 1960's. However, if there comes a time when corroborative proof
of extraterrestrials is shown, then maybe Congress should revisit the issue"
                                       56
June 13, 2001 - NASA Public Inquires
"No Government agency is currently responsible for investigating UFOs because there is no factual
evidence that alien life exists on other planets or that UFOs are related to aliens. I am enclosing our fact
sheet"

May 31, 2001 Secretary of Defense57
"UFOs and extraterrestrial life forms alleged to be present on Earth are matters no longer being
investigated by the Defense Department. From 1948-1969, the air Force did conduct investigations under
several program names, the last of which was Project Blue Book. The decision to discontinue UFO
investigations was based on a number offactors, including reports and studies by the University of
Colorado and the National Academy of Sciences, as well as past UFO studies and the Air Force's two
decades of experience investigating UFO reports. As a result of these investigations, studies, and
experience, Project blue Book concluded: No UFO reported, investigated, and evaluated by the air Force
has ever given any indication of threat to our national security. There has been no evidence submitted to
or discovered by the air Force that sightings categorized as "unidentified" represent technological
developments or principals beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge.
 There has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as "unidentified" are extraterrestrial
vehicles."

So as you can see this is the type of official response utilizing the outdated 1969 Project Blue Book
report the representatives have been indoctrinated with. Many of these responses were received from
our government representatives in Washington before the tragic September 11, 20019-11 event. After
which this issue gained little or no attention as we headed off to war in the oil rich Middle East. This
response remains the same today; even after all of the horrendous environmental disasters our planet
has endured over the years involving the use of oil, coal and nuclear power plants as our energy sources.

It is important to keep in mind that it's not the government. So who really is behind all this and how can
we the people transform this situation and stop further damage to our planet by these rogue
operations? Know that the vast majority of good intending people that are our representatives,
intelligence operatives in the CIA and NSA, military and media news reporters etc. innocently for the
most part have no idea about what is going on secretly behind the scenes, as they are kept out of the
loop, as even some Presidents and CIA directors have discovered inadvertently to their alarming
surprise.


56
     http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/06-13-01-NASA-Public-Inquires.ipg

57 http://thewebmatrix.net/disclosure/responses/05-31-01-OTHER-Secretary-of-Defense.jpg
Hence whistleblowers constantly surface and attempt to tell the public that there is something not right
going on behind the scenes. These leaks are countered by disinformation generated for all of the
ongoing information leaks, so nobody knows what to believe. So it's not about "the government" as we
know of as our legal government or honest media news reporters that are at fault, but rather the
control elements that have infiltrated and structured themselves within our government, intelligence,
military, corporations and mainstream media chain of command structure at the highest levels.

In order to maintain control of this issue, they put "their people" into key executive positions and
remove people in key executive and positions that are not onboard with their agenda. When you are
not in the top executive management you must follow the orders that come from the top whether you
are an investigative journalist for the media or in the military service. You don't question the orders
coming from above or you get fired from your job, or court-martialed and transferred to another unit.

This is why there are so many good people who are aware of this issue who are in the government,
military, CIA, NSA, DIA, NRO etc. that wish they could do something but cannot due to security oaths
and the chain-of-command National Security structure in which they operate. Those on the inside and
in the know want the citizen's outside this structure to become alert and knowledgeable about what is
going on to be able to disclose and halt the agenda of those subverting the United States Constitution by
these unwarranted influences which President Eisenhower warned us about so many years ago when he
lost control to them.


How can we the people be empowered to transform the UFO/ET Truth Embargo?

Let's review this overall situation here on earth here at this time with the facts given;

We now have, thanks to the courageous efforts of Dr. Steven Greer and others, over 500 Disclosure
Project military, intelligence and corporate witnesses, some with corroborating official documentation
supporting their testimony, this includes admirals, generals and astronauts that are willing to testify
under oath if relieved from their National Security oaths before an open congressional hearing, whose
testimonies clearly corroborate to indicate an overall picture of the illegal control elements.

We have proof from at least two presidential administrations of the president being denied access as
well as the director of Central Intelligence, head of defense intelligence agency, the head of intelligence
joint staff and several others in positions that would normally authorize them a "need to know"
situation in order to uphold legal constitutional oversight.

We have witness testimony that President Eisenhower lost control to the corporations within the
Industrial Military Complex that were reverse engineering the extraterrestrial technologies.
We have confirmation through testimony within the CIA and with supporting documentation58 that the
CIA and NSA are involved in every major media outlet at the highest levels of control to spin, edit or kill
stories to the public that they deem a threat under the auspices of "National Security".

We have letter responses to this issue from our representatives in Washington including the president,
vice president, senators and members of congress that essentially deny this as a reality from an
apparent indoctrination of response to this issue.

We have responses from our military and NASA giving official denial of any credibility of the reality of
this issue.

So what do we do? The media is controlled, representatives only keep our views in mind and take no
action, we can't ask our military or intelligence community for answers, because if they don't have a
need to know, they won't know and those that do won't tell you, as its classified, and then some will tell
you because its unacknowledged that it doesn't even exist.

So how can this situation ever be turned around when the mainstream media is being controlled so that
the truth of the situation can never be revealed to the majority of the public? Those who learn the
truth and go through our normal channels of constitutional government and contact their
representatives to inquire, find a deaf ear with a template form letter response of "will keep your views
in mind". It doesn't matter if you are breaking a national security oath as a top secret military witness
and go to Washington to testify, as you can see the media will not get your message to the public and
the representatives on Capitol Hill don't want to touch this subject. Even if you go to every major city
and hold events to educate the public, you can only get the message out to a very small percentage of
the population that attend, as the local network affiliate news stations are controlled by the higher
executives of their parent networks and they will sanitize or spin the information, as I found out when
CBS interviewed me.

The internet seems to be the last frontier of free information exchange to the public. I've seen my
testimony and the other witnesses in several different languages on the web. So the information is
getting out, but only in the fringe alternative news media such as coast to coast radio and others. But
the problem is there is so much of it, and along with the truth is all the noise from the disinformation.
So anyone looking into this can be easily confused what the entire issue is really about. It's like trying to
get a radio signal through a lot of background noise, it gets lost in the noise. If you have ever been to a
UFO convention it's like a carnival zoo. The truth is out there, but you have to have to be discerning.

Then most people are not really inclined really to be activists and see this subject as nothing more of an
intellectual curiosity for discussion. So the control elements have little to fear. Besides, most people in
the condition of the world today are just trying to survive, and what are you going to do?, picket outside
the white house with signs like they did on the day of disclosure in front of parliament in the UK reading
"Expose the Secret Government" and "Release the Extraterrestrial Technologies". The media will make a


ss
     http://www.aiscIosureprolect.org/aocs/par/CIAMemo.paT
joke of you. You can sign petitions to Washington that only result is an official white house response of
denial of evidence, of which they will not look into. You can contact your representativesS9 and I
encourage that, to let them know we the people are not totally clueless about this issue and want an
open congressional hearing on this, but more than likely will get more of the same response as they
don't know how to respond as they are out of the loop on this issue and don't know the truth to begin
with. But at least it keeps our views in their mind as they say, by putting that question of this issue in
the minds of the representatives who don't know, that might take action.

Another approach is to contact the gate keepers of the information to the public, the major media
outlets60 and for example ask CNN and CBS why their news coverage6l 62 of such explosive testimonies at
the May 9, 2001 National Press Club were omitted and the fact that witnesses were willing to testify
under oath and stated that our legal government has been denied access from presidents to CIA
directors and others in the "need to know", and most importantly the real critical issue is that there are
witnesses who can prove that there are solutions for energy that could end the environmental damage
and it is available to the world now in these illegal rogue black projects taking in many trillions of dollars,
not to mention the discovery of a base on the other side of the moon and 57 extraterrestrial species
already cataloged interacting with earth, etc.

Far more of a story about what is happening here on earth than simply the reality of UFOs and that "we
are not alone". Reference the media the youtube video of the National Press CIub 63 event to review
these testimonies to support what you are saying and request accountability why these astounding
testimonies have not been given the news coverage which they obviously merit. Hold their feet to the
fire as they say.

The issue that UFOs are real and that we are not alone in the Universe is not as much of an impacting
issue here, while leakages of oil and radiation which are at this moment killing life in our oceans and
which will impact all of us is a critical impacting issue. These hidden technologies exist that can end
further disasters, which will inevitably occur as they have been by the corporations in charge of these
extremely dangerous and polluting obsolete energy sources.

As I told the CBS Special Assignment news64 team that I would only do the interview if I was able to get
the message out to the public that "we have a solution to the energy crisis and are willing to bring forth


59
     http://www.disclosureproject.org/congress.shtml
60
     http://www.disclosureproject.org/calltoaction.shtml

61
     http://youtu.be/YDW1Akt wFk

62
     http://youtu.be/ZfudvC01f7Q

63
     http://youtu.be/IkswXVmG4xM

64 http://youtu.be/ZfudvC01f7Q
the scientists to prove before a scientific inquiry board before congress that these technologies can give
free non-polluting energy that has been suppressed for over 50 years".

This is a true statement and if you wish, you can challenge them by stating this in your contact with the
media that the Disclosure Project65 is willing to back this statement up with these witnesses in an open
secrecy free congressional hearing with the witnesses relieved of their National Security oaths. So we
have this to challenge the media with and if they come back to you with an inquiry of interest then refer
them to the Disclosure Project website for a media kit66. If they give you the brush off, then you know
what you are dealing with.

Recently in 2012 I want to acknowledge efforts in Washington being done by Stephen Bassett who
formed the "Citizens Hearing on Disclosurei67 where witnesses recently testified on the theme "it's not
about lights in the sky, but lies on the ground", I'm grateful to people like him, but we need more voices.

Thanks also to the supportive truth disclosing efforts of this website. More and more people are
becoming aware of the hidden truth because of the internet which I am sure they would like to control.
So all of us are doing our part in this through our social media postings and sharing information with our
families and friends. It can sometimes be difficult with family members who have been indoctrinated
with strict religious beliefs, as some elements in the church that have extreme beliefs in taking the bible
literally. An example of this was broadcasted on July S, 1997 on The 700 Club by Evangelist and head
of the Christian Coalition, Pat Robertson, who launched into a diatribe against those who entertain the
existence of space aliens and UFOs. He said "that if such things exist, then they are simply demons trying
to lead people away from Christ." According to Robertson, "the threat is so serious, that people who
believe in space aliens should be put to death by stoning according to "God's word" and Robertson also
went on to say that "The Bible says the Earth belongs to man, but the heavens belong to the lord".

This is obviously an extreme view and doesn't represent the view of all people of that faith and is the
result of indoctrination and demonizing that which is unknown out of fear. There is obviously an
intelligent design beyond the comprehension of most on earth, as we can only at best mimic the
processes of nature at best, as we are obviously in the large scheme of things a relatively primitive yet
evolving civilization living on one of over 10,000 estimated earth like planets in this galaxy alone, of the
countless trillions of galaxies in the universe which could support life.   Now even the Vatican68 has
acknowledged extraterrestrial life to exist. The church has come a long way since Galileo69 first
proposed his theory that the earth rotated around the sun versus the Church's concept that the


65
     http://www.disclosureproiect.org

66
     http://www.disclosureproject.org/media.shtml

67
     http://www.paradigmresearchgroup.org

68
     http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7399661.stm

69
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo Galilei
universe revolves around the earth, he was accused of heresy and arrested by the church for the rest of
his life for conflicting their strong belief. It takes humility and honesty to say that we don't know
everything, but we are learning more all the time.

Imagine the knowledge and wisdom the people of earth could benefit from a greater understanding of
who we are in relationship to the cosmos from a culture thousands or even millions of years in advance
of us. This is hard to conceive and even imagine when you look at the progress of our advancement of
understanding in the last hundred years or so. Even though man considers himself today sophisticated
in his understanding, yet we are in ways not much different than the completely remote from civilization
natives who once saw a helicopter fly by and made a replica of what they saw and worshiped it as their
god. This is a typical response by primitive cultures to extremely advanced technology. We are still
really a bunch of monkeys in comparison to some of our advanced visitors, and in what was called the
100th monkey effect70, applies to us humans as well, as humans are discovering in the leading edge of
science more and more that there is interconnectedness between everything in the morphogenetic
field71 of the collective human consciousness, whereas the more people become consciously aware of
something the more it effects this collective field, of which we are all a part of, to a point where it
reaches critical mass. So it is important that we all learn the truth and share it with others on the
internet and elsewhere as this could help trigger a shift in the human conscious awareness on this
planet. Since efforts externally seem at times futile to fight the deception, it may be that change can
come internally within each of us, as we put our focus on the possibility of a world without deception in
which all people can live together in harmony with natures laws and the planet. So that one day we can
join the rest of our neighbors in the galactic community.


Our extraterrestrial indoctrination through Hollywood Movies

Major commercial television network programming did not begin in the U.S. until 1948, and the Science
Fiction entertainment that followed for many decades has been indoctrinating the imaginations of the
people of earth through the medium of movies and television of what interaction with life from other
planets would be like.

Imagine if the first children that were watching those science fiction movies in the 1950's which sparked
their imagination for the first time about the reality of extraterrestrials, had any idea that while they
were watching these movies, that hidden from them was another reality that was not science fiction and
quite different than portrayed by Hollywood movies back then and even more so today. A reality that if
disclosed to the public, would have radically changed the world they lived in forever.

It is known that since the early 1950's the CIA has had relationships with the media industry of
Hollywood to influence the public's perception.

70
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/100th Monkey

71
     http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morphogenetic tield
Let's look at the time line of what some of the major influencing science fiction movies on
extraterrestrials that were released and what open and hidden activities within the government who
were dealing with the real science fact of extraterrestrials in that time frame were doing.

In 1951the movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still" with the warning from the visitor from space that "It is
no concern of ours how you run your own planet, but if you threaten to extend your violence, this earth
of yours will be reduced to a burnt out cinder" during this time our government was already reverse
engineering the alien space craft which crashed while inspecting our destructive nuclear weapons.

In 1953 "War of the Worlds" and "Invaders from Mars" is released. In this time frame it is after
Eisenhower had been briefed by the Majestic Twelve group and the then classified secret Robertson
Panel had made its recommendation to discount the reality of UFOs to the public. The continuing
theme is typical that they are here to kill us and take over our planet.

In 1956 "Earth versus the Flying Saucers" and "Forbidden Planet" is released. This is at a time when
President Eisenhower had already in 1954 had an actual first contact meeting at Edwards Air Force base
and had subsequently lost control of the extraterrestrial technologies to the corporations within the
military industrial complex. Just prior to these movies being released on October 8, 1955 General
Douglas MacArthur was quoted in the New York Times saying "The nations of the world will have to
unite -for the next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the Earth must someday make a
common front against attack by people from other planets." In the movie "Earth versus the Flying
Saucers" the attacking saucers are being brought down with a radar like weapon affecting the crafts
functioning, causing it to crash in a similar manner how the high powered radar was setup at White
Sands, New Mexico to target and capture one of the many extraterrestrial vehicles that were flying
around the nuclear facilities in 1947.

In 1968 the "Star Trek" television series starts in introducing the concept of space travel and interaction
with extraterrestrials. At this time Lyndon B. Johnson is currently president after John F. Kennedy is
assassinated 10 days after he requested the UFO files from the CIA. Then in 1969 Project Blue Book
closed citing that there is no evidence of extraterrestrial space craft visiting earth and the USAF is no
longer involved. This decision stemmed from the Condon Committee's conclusions.

In 1977 "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Star Wars" is released. This same year President
Jimmy Carter is to make good on his campaign promise to release the cover up on the UFO issue to the
public, he then discovers that the President of the United States does not have a "need to know" and
was being denied access by the CIA director George W. Bush. 2 years later in 1979 the movie "Alien" is
released, which had to put a very scary impression about extraterrestrials.

In 1982 Steven Spielberg releases "ET- The Extraterrestrial" where extraterrestrials then turn into
gumby doll looking creatures that use upside down umbrellas to transmit their message home. Also
John Carpenter's "The Thing" where the evil alien now that can turn into anybody so you don't know
who to trust.
In 1987 "Predator" with Arnold Schwarzenegger and the TV series "Star Trek the Next Generation"
comes out while that year President Ronald Reagan in his speech to the United Nations says "Perhaps
we need some outside, universal threat to recognize this common bond. I occasionally think how quickly
our differences would vanish if we were facing an alien threatfrom outside this world."

Between 1995 and 1998 a number of movies are released including "Species, Mars Attacks!, Men in
Black, Contact, Starship Troopers, Arrival II, The X Files, and the movie "Independence Day" where the
only message the extraterrestrials have to tell us is "1 want you to die!". Well it's time to get out your
American flag and go kick some alien buttl Traditionally the real "Men in Black" as they were called
were sinister type figures that appeared at the doorsteps of those that have had extraterrestrial
encounters and threatened them to keep quiet. In which we have NRO operative witnesses testifying
that they were involved with doing exactly that. Here the Men in Black are portrayed as a benevolent
and comical galactic police force protecting earth from the bad "scum of the universe" aliens. In "Mars
Attacksl" the native people of earth are such easy prey for these ruthless Martians which take full
advantage to exploit any offering of peace from the earthlings. Again the message don't trust aliens.

In 2002 the movie "Signs" and "Men in Black II" is released. The movie Signs is so obvious that the
message the movie wanted to take such a benign phenomenon such as the beautiful geometric crop
circles and say "It's Not Like They Didn't Warn Us." and turn it into the evil demonic looking aliens versus
man of God minister, a farmer who doesn't apparently own a shotgun. The signs here are more the
religious message to equate extraterrestrials as demons from Satan as the purpose of this movie.
Witnesses involved with crop circle research have noted the CIA's interest in discrediting this
phenomenon to the public.

Between 2005 and 2009 the movies "War of the Worlds, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Forth Kind,
The TV mini series "V" and Avatar" are released. In the 1951remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still, the
storyline is similar except when Klaatu warned earth about our destruction if we extended our violence
out into space, instead our destruction would be due to our warring nature that we would destroy Earth
and ourselves because of our irresponsible environmental stewardship of the planet, we would be
destroyed before we could destroy the planet. But alas, in the end of the movie, they gave us a chance
to change our ways. In another remake of the classics of the 1953 War of the Worlds. Once again earth
inhabitants are set for extermination so they can take over our planet. We can thank the oil industries
and other corporate polluting industries that our toxic environment which we've adapted to over the
years was a lethal environment to these hostile alien life forms.

In the TV mini series "V" Well of course extraterrestrials wanting earth's resources would come here
wearing sexy human skin coverings to seduce us into believing they have our best interests at heart and
offer us universal health care, but their real plan is to kill all of us. (I'm talking about the ETs). Why go to
all this elaborate diplomacy, if they were really that evil with super advanced technology could wipe out
the human race and take over, no problem. But then that would not make a very long TV series now
would it.
The one positive movie "Avatar". I heard James Cameron was being criticized for the movie being "anti-
military" and his response was, no it's "pro-environment". I would take it further and say it is anti-
corporatism because the military is just doing its job as they are ordered to do, they are an innocent go-
between. It's the corporations that control the government that control the military that needs to be
kept in check that they are not destroying lives for the sake of the one thing they do, which is to make
profit, regardless sometimes whether it is good for the whole of all humanity or not.

In 2010 and 2011 the movies "Skyline, Battle: Los Angeles, Paul, Cowboys & Aliens, Falling Skies" Also
National Geographic does a 2 hour alien invasion special for you to be "prepared for when aliens
attack!" In "Battle: Los Angeles", Sure this is how they would do it, take out Hollywood first and fight
the marines with their automatic weapons, so that are left to the chance of who's the best shot.
Something we can relate to in our primitive perspective. It is a little refreshing that "Paul" is the only ET
movie that doesn't want to kill all of us and take over the planet. The movie was obviously made to give
somebody you can relate to, he drinks, he swears, smokes pot, eats junk food and has a sense of humor
and he gives a feedback on our dysfunctional earth bound religious beliefs.

So with the majority of Hollywood extraterrestrial movies following the same theme message of ETs
wanting to kill all of us and take over our planet, you have to give consideration to the fact that they
have been coming here to earth for a very long time and may even be responsible for seeding the
genetic code of our species here on earth, with periodic genetic upgrades through the centuries.

So to answer the question "are these extraterrestrials hostile?" This is simply answered by the fact that
we are still alive here on earth. The ETs that have been visiting us long before we had atomic weaponry,
and they could have then, as they could now, with their advanced weaponry, if they wished to,
annihilate the human race without a challenge. Never the less, our view of life from space is filled with
haunting images of evil aliens wanting to take over earth and destroy us as portrayed in our movies.
Evidence shows we should be far more concerned about those wishing to not relinquish their secrecy or
positions of control and power on Earth than the ETs.

But why does Hollywood continue produce the majority of movies about extraterrestrials wanting to kill
all of us and take over our planet, when in reality they have not shown hostility? Well sure there is
money in it, and also if there is an agenda to create a fear in people's minds through the use of psyops
through the entertainment media, then it would fit the agenda perfectly which the witness testimony of
Wernher Von Braun72 at the National Press Club that the secret government had long range plans to
create various false flag events which would bring trillions of dollars into the industrial military complex
for a space based weapon system by creating enemies through these false flag events in the future
                                                                                                         3rd
which he spoke of in 1974. The false flag events planned started with the Russians, then Terrorists,
world countries, Asteroids and then the final false flag would be the extraterrestrial threat. All based on
a lie.


72 http://youtu.be/7ALLUuvsVkM
Again interesting to note this was disclosed on May 9, 2001 at the National Press Club only 4 months
prior to the 9-11 "terrorist" attack. Also disclosed on that day, witness Mark McCandlish73 testified
regarding the Alien Reproduction Vehicles or ARVs within the black projects which for all intents and
purposes could pull off an extraterrestrial false flag event. But people need to know that they are made
in the USA and have evolved considerably in design over the decades of research and development, so
that anyone witnessing one would naturally think of it to be of extraterrestrial origin. So don't be
fooled, not all of them are not of this earth. Let's hope we can disclose these operations before more
false flag events are perpetrated upon the people of earth by this secret control group.


Who are these people controlling the extraterrestrial technologies from being released?

When Disclosure Project witness Brigadier General Stephen Lovekin who was on Eisenhower's staff
heard that the President of the United States lost control of the extraterrestrial issue, and the President
knew that the ones who took control, meant that it was, as he put it "was not going to be in the best
hands". This was in fact an extreme understatement.

As mentioned earlier the industrial military complex of corporations which Eisenhower warned about is
tied into a small group of individuals that hold the greatest amount of wealth with an enormous vast
sphere of influence and resources at their disposal. This is a relatively small elite secret control group;
whatever name you want to give them, they exist and they operate in complete secrecy from the public
and their influences by the decisions they make is felt by nearly everyone on this planet.

In a speech by Senator Daniel K. Inouye, he spoke of them in regards to how they have infiltrated and
have their own people in control of a completely separate secretive government operating completely
unaccountable and outside of our constitutional law. "There exists a shadowy Government with its own
Air Force, its own Navy, its own fund raising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the
national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself."

President John F. Kennedy also spoke of a ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for
expanding its sphere of influence through infiltration.

This cognitive dissonance is what the average alert person experiences because when they see the
events of the world that happen that don't make any sense, why things are the way they are, it's
because they don't understand the larger hidden agenda by those who control things in secret. But
every so often we get see the "glitches in the matrix" if you will, that reveal its structure.

How could such a thing happen in the land of the free and home of the brave?


73   http://youtu.be/4XvZP36tdxY
Let's play Dr. Evil for an imaginary example, that you are one of the members of a secret government,
and however you got into this position, either invited or born into this situation through your family line
or by some great financial accomplishment, which placed you in a position of great influence and power
and you had an inclination toward elitism and world domination with an uncompassionate streak to
your nature regarding the rest of humanity, as typified by the NAZis.

How you would go about controlling the world might be to form a group alliance with others of your
nature that also have the level of wealth and influence that you do, so you could work together in
concert with your goals. You would keep the existence of group totally secret and occasionally have
meetings that are secret to the public to determine how to work together to accomplish a mutually
agreed upon secret agenda.

Where some of the things that are top on your list of goals would be, complete geopolitical control of all
countries governments, military and intelligence, control of the money system, resources of the planet,
profiteering in the areas of war, food, health and the multi-trillion dollar energy and transportation
industries using oil, nuclear and coal for energy sources and complete control of the mainstream media
to maintain your secrecy.

If the population of the planet was not utilizing the resources you provide efficiently or not producing
the slave revenue you need, then you would want to use eugenics programs in the poisoning of food,
water and air to reduce the population to a more manageable number to keep things under control.
This is done slowly over time so as not to alert them to what is being done to them, while at the same
time you profiteer from their sickness through your control of the medical and pharmaceutical
industries which yield poor results in providing true health. We will keep the population retarded so
they will be more easily controlled with mindless media programming, materialistic consumerism and
keep them in fear by introducing violence in the media in every way possible. Out of fears, we will give
them false security to take away their freedoms so that we may have greater control. In the agencies
that oversee the world finances, world health, environment, food, medical etc. we will have our people
in the management positions to support our agenda. We will create the illusion of choice such as
democrats and republicans but we will control both sides. So no matter who they vote for, our agenda
is carried out.

For ourselves of course, you would have hidden undisclosed technologies in all areas of life that far
surpass anything the planet's population has access to or even can imagine in areas such as genetics and
life extension etc., in which much of our advanced work is hidden from public scrutiny down in deep
underground military facilities.

How would you go about securing such a situation and keep the rest of the world in a completely
different agreed upon reality?

You would with your influence, wealth and power, be able to buy who you wanted in executive positions
allowing you to control decisions to support your secret agenda. Knowing that secrecy is your power
and disclosure your enemy, you would want to infiltrate into the areas of government which operate in
secrecy away from the public eye; such a situation is found in the intelligence communities.
There you could get your people who are on board with your agenda, without them knowing your full
agenda, and reward them very highly, as many people have a price which you can easily pay, and those
that don't can be blackmailed and threaten to do your bidding, as in the tradition of the mafia, by giving
an offer they can't refuse, or eliminate them all together if they happen to threaten your agenda.

With your vast all pervasive intelligence data gathering resources it will be easy to go through records
and find something to blackmail on just about anybody and you could utilize these same resources to
identify and gather intelligence on anyone who threatens your agenda to identify who they are.

The goal of course would be to get all of your players in the highest key executive management
positions and remove the non-players. This is because the government works in a pyramidal type
structure where directives come from the top of the pyramid down the chain of command and influence
everything below the upper structure.

Because of the very nature of National Security based highly compartmented operations where you
don't have a "need to know" and you don't know what you are working on is ultimately for, this lends
itself perfectly for manipulating those people within the system to do your bidding without them even
knowing that they are.

If reversed engineered extraterrestrial technology threatened your energy empire and geopolitical
control, similar to how J.P. Morgan at the turn of the last century had to bankrupt Nickola Tesla when he
found out he had plans to produce free energy for world and ruin his profits. You would find a way
utilizing the National Security system's "need to know" compartmented structure to deny access and to
keep things completely secret from the normal channels of government you would create
Unacknowledged Special Access Projects to hide these technologies of free energy and anti-gravity
propulsion systems and a host of other advanced technologies in all areas of science. So that the
government and public will never know they even exist.

These hidden incomprehensible grandiose projects would require trillions of dollars to fund which you
could funnel money from not only the black budget of the government but you could supplement that
with the lucrative business of the importation of drugs using your intelligence resources as the cover.

Very large profits are also derived from the creation of ongoing wars to keep profits coming in for our
black projects which continually require many trillions of dollars, and we create these profitable wars by
creating false flag events and make the military go to war so the corporations can profit and demonize
the enemy in through the media and accuse those who resist in the public as being unpatriotic.

The last thing you would ever want is the public to know what you are up to. Similar in the gest to what
George H.W. Bush said to Sarah McClendon; "Sarah, if theAmerican people ever find out what we have
done, they will chase us down the streets and lynch us." Because they most likely would lynch you.

The very existence of extraterrestrial visitors would pose a tremendous threat as well and must be
continually denied to exist to the public despite the obvious overwhelming evidence, as the leadership
would be sought from advanced beings and this would undermine the authority of governments of the
world with their advanced cultural understanding and technology and would expose the control
mechanisms in place. We must make sure that all internal assessments of the UFO/ET issue for official
announcement come to the conclusion that there is nothing to this reality and this is what must be
conveyed to the public.

Disclosure would also mean that as soon as the public discovers that we have discovered a source of
free nonpolluting energy within our black projects, this would mean the end of our multi-trillion dollar
energy empire and that third world countries would now rise up in prosperity due to these technologies
and affect our geopolitical control, upsetting the balance between the haves and the have nots.
Religious beliefs could be affected which may compromise control of belief systems supportive to our
agenda. So maintaining the lie regarding the extraterrestrial presence is extremely important because
it is THE pivotal secret that holds the key to unlocking the Pandora's Box of multiple levels of lies which
we will never want to reveal as it would change everything for us.

To the outside world you must maintain the illusionary show that we are still searching for the existence
of extraterrestrial life with the SETT program. Because you know the advanced extraterrestrials are not
modulating electromagnetic signals for communication, but rather use a consciousness interface.

Therefore your special people in NASA must sanitize all UFO imagery before releasing it to the public
and swear astronauts to secrecy.

Interesting to note that Disclosure Project witness Donna Hare74 who worked at NASA with a secret
clearance for a number of years and became aware that NASA was sanitizing the UFO information
before releasing it to the public testified and said "it's not something everyone knows who work out
there for a long time, my boss didn't know about it, some people who sat right next to me didn't know
about it. It's very strange, 1 don't know how they can do it but they can let some people know about it
and others not". Revealing a group of people within the NASA community that controls this information
while keeping the majority of NASA employees completely unaware of what is going on. The same is
true for other agencies which we do the same with.

The show to the public must continue with the archaic use of rockets and rocket fuel for space
programs, while our secret space program has faster than light spacecraft can travel to your bases on
the moon and mars and beyond are kept secret.

In order to maintain this secret it is essential that the media be absolutely controlled and the
corporations that run the media must be reduced in number to a manageable few in which you use the
excuse of "National Security" to place your operatives in management position to only put out news
that always creates a perception that supports your secret agenda.


'4
     http://youtu.be/cMLrURO -YI
The justification as a "National Security" issue for such operations is your best justification for all your
operations, as anyone inquiring gets denied access as they "don't have a need to know" and it keeps
things secret. We would essentially use their own National Security system against them, so what was
originally set up for their nation's security is our Trojan horse so that the secrecy hides what we do.

Where it gets complicated is where you do have someone in an official high level position which you
were not able to acquire, who would normally have a need to know about everything, such as an
elected president or CIA director for example. In such cases you must deny them access or lie to them
that the secret programs don't exist. If they get too close to the truth then they will have to be dealt
with to silence them.

It is also important in order to maintain your energy empire that you use your "National Security"
excuse to control the patent office from release any inventor's technology in the civilian sector that
could offer an alternative solution which would jeopardize the automobile industry to stop producing
gasoline consuming vehicles year after year, or an energy solution that would allow the public to
disconnect their homes from the utility power grid, both of which would affect our profits.

As for whistleblowers, they are one of your worst enemies. You must discredit and ridicule and
sometimes threaten or eliminate them, as they are a great threat to revealing your secrets to the public.

What works for us is the fact that so many lies over the years have been built up for so long that those
who lied for us are now in bed with the lies as well and it would be self-incriminating for them to expose
us because they would be guilty as well. So it helps us to maintain this state of secrecy so that we can
perpetuate this condition and remain in control.

So this imaginary hypothetical view point of a secret control group would be possibly how a small elite
group could achieve world domination through infiltration.

Well let's just hope that is only imaginary and not real, but if something even similar to that is
happening, then it would not in the future if left unchecked, fare very well for the planet or its
inhabitants.

What we do know is that the average person from the time of birth has been indoctrinated what the
agreed upon reality is. You go to school for education and then you study to get a job so that you can
pay to support a lifestyle of a home to live in and pay for electricity and other utilities to run appliances,
unless you were unluckily born in one of the many impoverished countries that have much less than
that. You need a car with an internal combustion engine which requires you to pay for gasoline to go to
work. As far as you know space travel by NASA has put us on the moon back in 1969 and that it takes
enormous rockets to go into space, and that we are just now exploring Mars for signs of life. Space
travel of great distances is limited by the speed of light, therefore areas many light years away are
unreachable by us, or for anybody out there to come here. We are still searching for signs of
extraterrestrial life with SETT in the electromagnetic spectrum using radio telescopes because they must
have radio and TV like we do. The government has no evidence that extraterrestrial life exists. The
world's electricity In order to meet the large consumption needs requires nuclear power, coal and
hydroelectric dams as the only widely used available choices for the level of power they produce.
Television is your primary source for authoritative news coverage of what is going on in the world. Such
as CNN "The news you can trust".

This is the average agreed upon reality and it has not changed for a long time.

But what if everything we know is wrong?


The Implications of Disclosure for all of Humanity

It was a wise approach of the Disclosure Project to gather hundreds of witnesses to come forward due
to the sheer numbers to circumvent the tactics they have used in the past of individually discrediting or
threatening the witnesses. Unfortunately that is only part of the equation to achieve disclosure, as
there are other control elements in place in the media.

Our government will not respond unless there is a great enough outcry from the public to allow the
Disclosure Project to bring in the scientists from the black projects to prove the fact of this reality of
these hidden technologies to a scientific inquiry board in an open congressional hearing, and that won't
happen if the media does not get the message to the public. So you have this Catch-22 situation to
overcome.

It should be obvious that what the Disclosure Project is revealing is real, and far more than just the
reality of UFOs and the extraterrestrial presence, or you have a far stranger situation that you have
hundreds of whistleblowers which include generals, admirals and astronauts that are for whatever
reason making all of this up at the risk of their reputation or worse. The problem with those who seek
to debunk this reality is that most all of the witnesses even don't know each other and have
corroborating testimonies with the other witnesses, of which some of them have supporting official
documentation to back their testimonies.

If you doubt the validity of this reality, I highly recommend researching the testimonies of these many
credible witnesses for yourself. Most people aren't able to find the time, but if you find the time, the
facts are there and available to anyone.

The picture which all these credible testimony fragments put together is one that the future of humanity
has been essentially hijacked by these illegal secret operations which have kept humanity in a retarded
state for over 60 years now of secrecy, where an small elite secret control group, whatever name you
want to give them, with a vast sphere of influence to control the perception of the population on this
planet while moving forward on its own agenda that is not in interest of all humanity.

This agenda continues while we continue to drive obsolete vehicles burning fossil fuels and experience
the damaging environmental impact of deadly radiation leakage from defective nuclear power plants, oil
spills, coal pollution and excavation, and killing each other over wars for resources.
The fact is the Disclosure Project has the scientists who can prove, in open Congressional hearings that
we do in fact possess classified energy generation and anti-gravity propulsion systems capable of
completely replacing all forms of currently used energy generation and transportation systems. These
advanced devices access the ambient electromagnetic and so-called zero point energy state to produce
vast amounts of energy without any pollution. Such systems essentially generate energy by tapping into
the ever-present quantum vacuum energy state, this is the baseline energy from which all energy and
matter is fluxing In and out of the space-time around us.

What would be the implications of these technologies were properly disclosed and released for
humanity?

   •   Highly dangerous nuclear power plants will be decommissioned and the technologies needed to
       clean such sites will be available. Classified technologies do exist to neutralize nuclear waste.

   •   Public utilities will not be needed since each home, office and factory will have a device to
       generate whatever energy is needed. This means ugly transmission lines that are subject to storm
       damage and power interruption as well as eliminating the susceptibility of a totally disabling CME
       from solar flares will be a thing of the past. Underground gas pipelines, which not infrequently
       rupture or leak and damage Earth and water resources, will not be needed at all.

   •   The elimination of oil, coal and gas as sources of energy generation, thus the elimination of air
       and water pollution related to the transport and use of these fuels. Oil spills, global warming,
       illnesses from air pollution, acid rain etc can be ended.

   •   Resource depletion and geo-political tensions arising from competition for fossil fuel resources
       will end.

   •   Technologies already exist to scrub manufacturing effluent to zero or near zero emissions for
       both air and water, but they use a great deal of energy and thus are considered too costly to fully
       utilize. Moreover, since they are energy intensive, and our energy systems today create most of
       the air pollution in the world, a point of diminishing return for the environment is reached
       quickly. That equation is dramatically changed when industries are able to tap vast amounts of
       free energy as there is no fuel to pay for, only the device, which is no more costly than other
       generators, and those systems create no pollution and need no refueling.

   •   Energy-intensive recycling efforts will be able to reach full application since the energy needed to
       process solid waste will, again, be free and abundant.

   •   Agriculture, which is currently very energy dependent and polluting, can be transformed to use
       clean, non-polluting sources of energy.

   •   Desertification can be reversed and world agriculture empowered by utilizing desalinization
       plants, which are now very energy intensive and expensive, but will become cost-efficient once
       able to use these new, non-polluting energy systems.

   •   Air travel, trucking and inter-city transportation systems will be replaced with new energy and
       propulsion technologies which use anti-gravity systems allowing for silent above surface
        movement. No pollution will be generated and costs will decrease substantially since the energy
        expenses will be negligible. Additionally, mass transportation in urban areas can utilize these
        systems to provide silent, efficient intra-city movement.

   •    Noise pollution from jets, trucks and other modes of transportation will also be eliminated by the
        use of these silent anti-gravity devices. As Doctor Brown said in the movie "Back to the Future"
        where we're going, we don't need roads.

This is not a hoax or science fiction fantasy. I know it is hard to comprehend that the above is possible
with the current state this planet is in and the environmental disasters occurring right now.

When the release of these technologies can be properly declassified and safely applied, it would take
many years before implementation across the planet to be fully realized. In the early transition stages
while we are still utilizing our existing electrical power distribution infrastructure, all of the nuclear
reactors could be dismantled as well as coal electrical power plants and replaced by these zero point
energy devices to power the existing grid to our homes and cities which are currently connected to the
grid.

As production of these devices become available to everyone, home owners and businesses would
ultimately be able to disconnect from the grid entirely with a small power unit which would provide all
your power needs. This would allow people remote from the grid to have an abundance of free
nonpolluting renewable power practically anywhere without the need of delivering fuel.

All the vehicles of the world with internal combustion engines could be converted from gasoline and
diesel over to hydrogen using water as fuel which would yield greater power, longer engine life with no
pollution. The automobile manufacturers would then discontinue the production of internal
combustion engines as they are maintenance intensive, noisy, wear out quickly and do not have the
performance compared to electric. They will be replaced by electric vehicles which have their own
onboard power generation that would never need to be plugged in to recharge.

Then newer vehicle models will become available that utilize antigravity propulsion will make paved
roads obsolete and allow access to areas of the planet normally inaccessible. This would allow real
estate in remote areas to be inhabited and ease the crowding in the cities and suburbs. With the new
propulsion technologies the travel time to any point on the globe would be dramatically reduced.

Imagine similar advancements in all areas of science that have been hidden where agriculture is
developed so that even the deserts bloom so that no one goes hungry with fresh healthy natural food
and medical advances that understand the energetic matrix structure of our body that would make
pharmaceuticals and surgery primitive and obsolete. Imagine that world poverty is eliminated and
eventually mankind is more greatly freed from many forms of drudgery and slavery and given more time
to pursue higher aspirations, a renaissance if you will.

This would be the greatest change in known human history with whole new Industries created that
would provide millions of jobs to retrofit the old obsolete technologies with the new.
The existing control elements do not like this kind of change and will do anything to assure the status
quo is maintained, even as our civilization hurtles towards oblivion. These existing powerful special
interests in oil and energy should be treated compassionately and given opportunities in this dramatic
shift, as nobody wants to see their entire empire completely crumble. This needs to be such that it can
be a win situation for all to benefit in a peace time economy where we can transform war based
economy with lots of jobs and profit retrofitting this new technology. This would mean we could
advance into space peacefully, unlike how we have targeted our extraterrestrial visitors.

As in all great technological advances given to a society that has not sufficiently evolved, there is the
potential for abuse, so it will be important that international agencies are created to ensure
enforcement of the peaceful use of such devices. This potential risk of abuse when you weigh into
consideration the direction we are headed with our current ecological damage we are doing to our
home planet, and that if these technologies are not forthcoming soon, we will face a certain a total
meltdown in human civilization and the environment. We have the knowledge and means to ensure
their safe and peaceful use through international leadership without the need for total domination by a
small group. Nothing less than the destiny of the human race hangs in the balance.

These technologies, because they will decentralize power, literally and figuratively, will enable the
billions living in misery and poverty to enter a world of new abundance. It is well known that as
societies become more educated, prosperous and technologically advanced, and women take an
increasingly equal role in society, the birth rate falls and population stabilizes. This is a good thing for
world civilization and the future of humanity without the need for secret eugenics programs which only
create needless suffering. In this new future there will be no place on Earth where anyone will need to
suffer from want and poverty in the world. World poverty and a widening gap between rich and poor
are serious threats to world peace that would be corrected by the disclosure and peaceful application of
these technologies.

All of these things happening in our world now in the year 2014 affirm the warning of the
extraterrestrials that met with President Eisenhower 60 years ago in 1954 that told him that, "we are on
a path of self-destruction and we must stop killing each other, stop polluting the Earth, stop raping the
Earth's natural resources, and learn to live in harmony".

Most of all imagine the earth becoming a peaceful civilization that would welcome the exchange with
other peaceful advanced off planet cultures which have already achieved all these things and more.
Imagine what we could learn from a culture thousands of years in advance of our civilization which
would give us greater insights about whom we are.

All of this may sound idealistic, but is it really?

As the extraterrestrial who responded to Colonel Philip Corso's question "what's in itfor me? What do I
get out of this?" The reply was "A new worldifyou can take it"

Let's take that new world together and make it soI
