{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:20:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 360180, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124317-stories-are-flying-on-clinton-rockefeller-ufo-meeting.pdf", "source_sha256": "374273cb1f646cfbcc98abfb736a2ee9b0de9c33eeab0d8670f3b5a8405b367b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3607, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SIM TO GALACE SCACFCRAFT
MAR AND ANALY NETWORK
3, 10 251 1001 1 MAO MEIGHIS NY. 01372 US A
JACKSON HOLE GUIDE (WYOMING) AUGUST 30, 1995
Stories are flying on Clinton,
Rockefeller UFO meeting
BY CURTIS HUBBARD
ran in the Thursday, Aug. 24, issue of the
Guide reporter
New York Daily Newe
That article noted that Rockefeller
A supermarket tabloid, the New York
and Clinton probably "talk(ed) about the
Daily Newe and Michael Luckman of the
environment" at Clinton's 49th birthday
New York Center for UFO research have
party lest Saturday "since Laurance has
been busy this week trying to determine
been a conservation advisor to every presi-
whether President Clinton and Laurance
dent since Eisenhower."
Rockefeller met in Jackson to discues open-
Itwent on to speculate that Rockefeller,
ing the government's UFO files.
"who has been pressing the Clinton ad-
No word on whether inquiring minds
ministration to open the government's
I want to know, but the Guide does.
UFO fles," would likely try to discuss the
Tm not familier with theissue, but the
issue with the president and that Clinton,
president did eee Mr. and Mrs. Rockefeller
hoping to "equeeze" money out of the 85-
at the JY ranch about a week ngo and then
year-old Jackson Hole resident, would
again when they left for the camping (Sun-
listen.
day)," White House spokeswoman Ginny
Rockefeller spokesman Frasier Sietel
Terzano BRid. "They mostly talked about
did not return the Guide's phone calls.
(Grand Teton National) Park, horseback
Rick Borchelt, White House вресія!
riding — mostly along thee linee."
anistant for public affairs, did. "We rou-
Terzano added that "the presidenthes
tinely decline the interview on that topic
positione on most every insue, but UFO's
as you might imagine, "he said. "I can tell
is not one of them."
A etory entitled "Prez' hunt for cam-
you that there haven't been any leneth
discussions with Laurence Rocketeller.
paign sesh may turn up some UPs firet"
sea UFO, A17
Dear Steve:
Lewsm
ree alien's ayropsy
As enco uraging to all of us, the alien;s
autopsy is permanently a subject on the New York
- TV stations.
UFO:
Your
polerany
continued from A6 -
We don't expect any rapid astion here," he
added
Speculation on the government's UFO
files, especially those pertaining to the
1947 "Roswell incident,
"has many UFO
buffs pressing for the public release of
those documents. Roswell, N.M., is the
site of a controversial UFO landing.
Among them, is a self-proclaimed
"UFO skeptic," New Mexico Congress-
man Steve Schiff, R-N.M.
On July 28 of this year, Congressman
Schiff released the General Accounting
Office (GAO) report detailing results of a
records audit related to events surround-
ing the "Roswell Incident" and the mili-
tary respone.
In that statement, Schiff said impor
tant documents, which may shed more
light on what happened at Roswell, were
missing.
*The GAO report states that the out-
going messages from Roewell Army Air
Field for this period of time were de-
stroyed without proper authority."
Schiff pointed out that those messages
would have shown bow military officials
in Roswell were explaining to their supe
riote exactly what happened.
;, A large volume of media inquiries in-
iving the films Alien Autopsy, and th
Comwell Incident" to schlia office e
Tueeday prompted him borelease another
statement.
.. "As vice-chairton of he House Gov-
ernment Reform and Oversight Commit-
tee... my interest remains one of govern-
ment openness and acoountability... I re-
. main committed to open, honest and no-
countable government. In this regard, I
will continue to pursue the truth ..."
