{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:19:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2340210, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124394-monsignor-balducci-victor-viggiani-vatican-italy-ets-april-2007.pdf", "source_sha256": "d2eab913520bfbf48dfce3afd2878b1b719bf6647e0883156e3b0f35a7175bfc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 576, "chars": 3637, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
CONFIDENTIAL
4/22/2007 11:15:19 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Received from Internet: click here for more information
Steven
CONFIDENTIAL
I am in the process of delving more deeply into an issue surrounding a Vatican interview between
and a Vatican Jesuit insider. Found at:
http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/esp_sociopol_secretumomega06.htm
remain skeptical about this entire scenario - especially the apparent Eisenhower/
isit to Muroc (Edwards) AFB - however I have, since the 1970's, always questioned the Church's hidder
role in the ET issue and issue of the Fatima mystery.
Do you have insights into the Vatican's involvement or the supposed S.I.V organization with the
Vatican?
As a Catholic, once deeply involved in the Church here in Ontario with the Archdiocese of Toronto for
over 40 years and having had a long and close relationship with the Cardinal here in Toronto, I have
developed and maintained international contacts within the Vatican religious community through a
Canadian religious delegate who visits Rome annually.
In short thru this Canadian delegate I am able to be in direct contact with a member of the Vatican
Curia staff (also a Jesuit) who I have known for many, many years. I have never broached this issue
with him before - but before/if I do, I need to know about the
_information, his interview of the
Jesuit insider and the Eisenhower/Cardinal
story of meeting with a delegation of ETs.
If this story and the many interconnected issues in the text of the Jesuit interview have the necessary
credibility and the immense critical mass I suspect it may have, there may be merit in contacting one of
the editors at the National Post who has become very open to the ET/Disclosure issue of late. He in fact
is looking for more substantive content on this entire issue because he feels that CanWest Global - the
owners of Global TV - the National Post and major newspapers across Canada are open to more
discourse on this matter. I was interviewed on Global TV last week. A major departure for them. I found
it interesting that two of CanWest Global's major media affiliates found it necessary to call me for an
interview and publish a letter I wrote to them.
The National Post as you may know published several articles on the ET issue over the last six weeks -
one of which was my letter to the Editor that turned out to be the LETTER OF THE DAY in March. A full
¼ page spread. It is highly unusual for a major Canadian newspaper to be this serious, supportive and
forthright about this issue. As a matter of fact the editor to whom I initially sent the letter asked me to
go beyond the 300 word limit policy they have - the letter was over 500 plus as I recall. In my future
plans to make serious connections with this newspaper I will be offering them interview opportunities
with you - they appear to want more of this type of far-reaching information. "Never stare a freely
My letter of the day:
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/news/editorialsletters/story.html?id=149124ad-le3a-
Other Article:
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/news/story.html?id=28bd0879-02bc-4b81-a892-a9e2da5b0738
I digress...
I do not want to get caught up in disformation, flimsy data or questionable sources about a Vatican
story like this. It is very similar to the Hellyer situation I found myself in in 2005 as I was faced with
deciding how far to trust my instincts with Paul. I would not have pursued the matter if Mr. Hellyer's
sources and his integrity were anything less than impeccable - as they indeed are. I took a gamble and
Monday, April 30, 2007 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1466, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
it worked. This time it may not.
dramatic decision to come forward will perhaps turn out to be the
pivotal secular-statesman testimony that moved disclosure closer than any other testimonial thus far.
This Vatican issue and the deep roots it has with Pius XII and John XXIII could be a serious religious
tipping point for disclosure. I only want to move on this with my Vatican contacts if the evidential
material thus far is trustworthy and can be corroborated.
However it all is dependent on the validity of the matter as presented thus far. If this issue is simply
conjecture or less than a logical connecting of the dots on the part of those at UFODigest or the source
writers, then I am not interested. If you have any information on this Ta really like your honest
estimation of whether or not this matter is worthy of the import it appears to have before I go forward.
I am very serious about pursuing this because I remain convinced the Vatican has played a serious role
in either managing the cover-up or being its care-taker until the time is right to realize that they too
cannot continue to lie - I think there is something in the Catholic theology that frowns on lies. My
instincts are pointing me in a very specific direction yet, because of the vast implications - credibility
being a key one - I need corroboration of the best kind.
Your reaction and confidentiality are appreciated.
Regards
Monday, April 30, 2007
CompuServe: DrSGreer
:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2001, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
atican
I have met with Balducci et al. know the Vatican is aware of these matters and has been for many decades. A close associate of
mine personally discussed these matters with Ratzinger-the current Pope, as well as the past Pope. Monsignor Balducci told me
that the last Pope and he had discussed the ET visitors and he gave me the interview for The Disclosure Project with the blessing
of the Pope. He told me this directly.
We also know from Daniel Sheehan, esq., that the Vatican was asked by Pres. Carter for data-and they refused to give it but
pointedly did not say they did not have it.
I have spoken to Vatican Intel. people personally and know the Jesuits are involved.
I also have a military witness who was on a secret nuclear submarine mission to track underwater UFOs in the South Atlantic-the
last person on the sub was a Vatican official who was given all the data after contact with an ET craft underwater occurred. The ET
craft was clocked at 450 knots underwater and at one time two came along side the sub and the sub was essentially unable to
move in any direction. All this was recorded and given to the Vatican official- who was in full clerical collar and garb.
I have no first had witnesses still living to the Eisenhower meeting with the ETs in 1954 near Edwards AFB but am certain it
happened (a foreign government send me the testimony of someone who was there). As for what, if any, Vatican involvement was
present at that time: It is very likely, but I cannot confirm it first hand.
James Jesus Angleton's son (or it may be his grandson) called me after the 2001 Disclosure event at the NPC in DC and said we
had moved up their covert plan for Disclosure 6-7 years (it had been planned for 2012). He pointed said that such an
announcement was planned out of Europe and NATO and would involve major religious leaders there (i.e., certainly the Pope).
And so it goes.
Hope this helps some.
Steven
Vick
Vistiami-
Canada
Monday, April 30, 2007
CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1
