{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:33:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2099585, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124367-witness-10996-arrange-ce5-event-with-french-government.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb8e18ff3055b8fb7ed112a90563f19e08c8473a95d4acc2cda7b259bf32af36"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2001, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1000
UFO MEETING ON THE ESTATE OF FOND DES BOIS (near DERVAI 44590, FRANCE).
As a positive pre-view
it was quite luminous and moved faster than a satellite would. •
was it a UFO flying on an apparent straight trajectory ?
10 July 2010 at FOND DES BOIS I (starting at 9.30 pom. until 2.30 a.m.)
My brother Marc and also Pierre MORIN, M.D. & Ph.D. (and his niece
Jenny) saw on two occasions several objects (5 or 6)
crossing' the
sky at very high speed from left to right at the horizon. They were brigh
Their speed must have been in excess of 100.000 Km per hour •
Dr. MORIN was very impressed.
A golden sphere was observed by about 30 persons of our guests
, who were at least 60 during these 3 nights.
During a few minutes, cracking noises were heard by all of us.
They seemed to be as if
someone was hitting 2 planks of wood very
rapidly at a distance of our circle of chairs.
Some ruby colored orbs were also observed above the trees nearby.
I suppose that they were probes moving slowly downwards on the South side
of our circle of chairs.
• .:
-
11: July 2010 on the same field at FOND DES BOIS (starting at 9:30 p.m.)
It ended, again at a a.M. on this beautiful Sunday night. (26" C)
Most of us observed 2 vertical luminous lines to the South of us in
the sky.
who was seating near
and Di. GREER
pointed
his hand' to the zenith to a round light (below the clouds)
It was yellow and flashed three times and literally switched
tantly, a few seconds later. Dim. the dia. was 1/3 of a dine at arn lengtr
on several occasions, the presence of a highly magnetic vehicule 1s
Indicated by the magnetometer of
Eng. (from Florida).
Later, during the night, the magnetometer describes a strange pheno-
menan: its arm oscillates regularly at 108 pulsations per minute .
DI. GREER compares this to a heart beat.
As DI. GREER
invites us to stand up and to walk to the fast of the
field, when we stop on a straighț line, we smell a very neat Beent
of roses. Several people hear entities walking away from us..

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2242, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFOs at POND DES BOIS
page ? of 3:
The whole crowd seemed to agree that there was a neat elevation of
temperature -
A telepatic conneclion from the "visitors" to Dr. GREER indicated that
they were too shy to materialize in front of us.
Spread around inside the circle were 4 or 5 small electronic devices
called "WALTERS" • In fact they were simply receivers actuated by our
F.I. "visitors" . They emitted a small molodious signal and obviously
• reacted to the speech of Dr. GREER sometimes by seemingly agreeing to
his sentences, all ringed at once in a very exciting manner as if ap-
plauding to his speech.
Ou other occasions, the HALTERS ringed independently of each other,
as if monitored by several "visitors", each one having his own perso-
nal appreciation of the phrases being pronounced by Dr. GREER.
The whole effect was truly amazing.
lionday, 12 July 2010, the third and last day at the ficid.
A difference with the two preceeding nichts : a cover of low clouds
and rain starting after midnight, but not continuous.
Again, some ruby colored dots appearing above the tree line to the
South of us and moving downward slowly benind these trees.
During episodes of odd behaviour of Mr. PICCA's magnetometer, several
people who owned infrared equipped camoras, their batteries went dead
at the same zime as if non materialized vehicules had sucked the ener-
GY•
A spiritual ceremony sung in sanscrit language by Di. Steven M. GREER
On a high table (serving as a small altar) with a few Candles
in order to permit Steven a correct reading of the text, Dr. GREER
named the call for the "visitors" the "PUJA" ceremony; a powertul
mean to tell the visitors to come in
peace and materialize in front of
our peace loving group • All the "WALTERS" remained totally silent.
Surprise: a vessel materialized...
after the ceremony, it was past
2 a.m. it had plasma around it and appeared to be horizontal, disc
shaped and 30 rect in diameter (impossibie to tel how thick because
oI its plasma cover. It remained only a few seconds at ah ut 6 feet
above the ground and at a distance of 50 yards from our circle.
It 1s interesting to note that one "WALTER" emitted a steaay signal
for 1 hour 20 minutes before the visible presence of the vessel.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 1885, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page 3 of 3.
Amongst the strange events which are common place in the matter of
UFOs, one event may be worth to be mentioned.
All the lights were shut on all cars parked on the west side of the
field, when suddenly the lights of one of them switched or, high beams of
one
and interior lights of the car parked next to it.
Marie-Claire VIRVAUX said that it was her car interior lights which
were on • So, she walked to see about the problem and as she went,
beams on the other car went dim then shut off.
Marie-Claire was most surprised to notice that the interior lights
'which turned on as she opened her front door (driver side) switched
off inmediately after she closed the door . On this late model, lights
switch off with a few seconds ot delay.
Besides this event, the 3 nights were very active with amazing facts.
• This is not a complete account of what the atmosphere was during
the 3 day seminar.
On the last night, I stood near the exit of the field to greet the
guests leaving and the unanimous answer when shaking hands was :
"WE SHALL COME BACK HERE ANYTIME, LET US KlOW" •
People had come from kongkong China, from Norway, Italy, USA, Canada,
France, etc.
• eng•
20 July 2010
NOTES:
All I know about the car next to
* is that the owner had
no problems when starting the engine when all of us believed inat
booster cables would be needed after the head lights had shut off.
On all inhabited plancts which have vegetation and flowers, foses
are known to grow.
O.. planet Earth, of all essential oils of flowers it is the rose
which has the highest frequency : 300 Megahert.
A LASER canon which can shoot at a distance of 75 km was designed
by U.S. army engineers following the theoretical work performed by
who received his Ph.D. for his research.
All the seminars headed by Dr. Steven M. GREER for the last 17 years
have beer succestul in calling our friends from spacc.
