{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T03:46:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2363195, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124343-witness-10407-attended-lecture-heard-ben-rich-state-many-things-re-ben-rich-head-of-lockheed-skunkworks.pdf", "source_sha256": "d8ac2d2f99bf514822fecc77b388eee99b6b46a74bb4a43d5e99418d4527f330"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3075, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Screst File
Ben Rich
Lakh ind
Subj:
Date:
FW
stuff frox
XXX
05/19/2000 12:21:21 AM Eastern Daylight Time
From:
xXXX
To:
(Steven M. Greer)
THE SKUNK WORKS
We have some new things. We are not stagnating. What we are doing is
updating ourselves, without advertising. There are some new programs, and
there are certain things — some of them 20 or 30 years old - that are
still break-throughs and appropriate to keep quiet about. Other people don'
t have them yet. [1]
Ben Rich
Wimen
Ruct
to Talk
The Antelope Valley is about.
miles north of Los Angeles on Highway 14.
Going north just after Palmdale you can see an enormous box of a building on
the right. Just a few feet east of the Sierra Highway is Lockheed-Martin's
Advanced Development Company. Most local people know it simply as the
"Skunk Works." On the side facing the freeway is a small, characterized,
cartoon of a black and white skunk. I ought to know, I lived in the
Antelope Valley for six years. The Skunks Works got its name from Al Capp's
Little Abner nationally-syndicated comic strip. Capp's comic strip featured
a backwoods, hillbilly still, called "the skonk works"
" which fermented
"kickapoo joy juice" from dead skunks and old leather shoes. Back in the
early 1940's Lockheed was located in Burbank, California and was headed up
by an engineer named Clarence "Kelly" Johnson. The war was on and Johnson's
small, elite engineering group was housed in a rented circus tent adjacent
to a odorous plastics factory. One day, the telephone rang and someone
answered "skonk works." They have been called the "Skunk Works" ever since.
The skunk cartoon is even painted on some of their planes.
Kelly Johnson's group is probably the most famous aircraft design "studio"
ever known. For those who are not aware of their story, the Skunk Works
produced the P-38 Lightning fighter, called the "Forked-Winged Devil" by
German pilots. It was used quite effectively to shoot down Admiral Yamamoto
's personal transport plane helping to bring the Pacific War to a somewhat
earlier climax. Johnson's group also produced the P-80 Shooting Star,
America's first operational jet fighter and the F-104 Starlighter, the first
supersonic jet attack plane. But Johnson's work will be remembered by most
for the creation of the Lockheed U-2 spy plane and the one plane that almost
everyone has heard of, the SR-71 Blackbird, both reconnaissance aircraft
developed in the fifty's and sixty's. The Skunk Works seems to have had a
lot of "firsts". The Skunk Works is not a think tank. What the Skunk Works
excels at is designing and fabricating America's cutting-edge, aerospace
craft. Today, it's working on the X-33 Venture Star, the first
single-stage-to-orbit spacecrat - the future replacement of the Space
Shuttle. At least, that is what it is willing to admit to in public. When
Kelly Johnson retired in 1974, his hand-picked successor, Ben Rich, was
selected to sit in the pilot's seat. A wise choice.
To get a better feeling of Rich, the man, and Rich, the craftsman, it's best
Friday, May 19, 2000 CompuServeXXX
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to hear it in his own words. In 1994
with
Personal Memoir of My Years at Lockheed. [2] These are
authored A
words:
/ actually began in July, 1975, about six months after i
Town ortrait orank Works. I attended one of the periodic secret Pentagon
briefings held to update those with a need to know on the latest Soviet
technical advances in weapons and electronics.
the Patriot and the Hawk, both only so-so in comparison to the Soviet
weapons. By contrast, the Russians depioyed 16 different missile systems to
missile of tremendous thrust, could reach heights of 125,000 feet and could
be tipped with small nuclear warheads. So these weapons systems posed a
damned serious threat.
"Most troublesome, the Russians were exporting their advanced nonnuclear
detensive systems around the world. The Syrians now had nonnuclear SAl-5s.
And during our Pentagon briefing we heard a chilling analysis of the 1973
Yom Kippur war involving Israel, Syria, and Egypt. Although the Israelis
flew our latest and most advanced jet attack aircraft and their combat
pilots were equal to our own, they suffered tremendous losses against an
estimated arsenal of 30,000 Soviet-supplied missiles. The Israelis lost 109
airplanes in 18 days, mostly to radar-guided ground-to-air missiles and
antiaircraft batteries, manned by undertrained and often undisciplined
Egyptian and Syrian personnel.
"What really rattled our Air Force planners was that the evasive maneuvering
by Israeli pilots to avoid missiles — the same tactics used by our own
pilots — proved to be a disaster. All the turning and twisting
calculated to slow down an incoming missile made the Israeli aircraft
vulnerable to conventional ground fire. If the Israel loss ratio were
extrapolated into a war between the United States and the highly trained
Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact nations in Eastem Europe, a war fought using
similar airplanes, pilot training, and ground defenses, our air force could
expect to be decimated in only 17 days.
"I was not too surprised. The Skunk Works had firsthand experience with the
latest Soviet equipment because the CIA had scored spectacular covert
successes in acquiring Soviet hardware by one means or another. We could
not only test their latest fighters or new radars and missile systems but
actually fly against them. Skunk Works technicians pulled these systems
apart, then put them back together, so we had a sound notion of what we were
up against.
"That Pentagon briefing was particularly sobering because it was one of
those rare times when our side admitted to a potentially serious gap that
tipped the balances against us. Thad our advanced planning people noodling
all kinds of fantasies - pilotless, remote controlled drone tactical
bombers and hypersonic aircraft that would blister past SoL
defenses at better than five times the speed of sound, once we solved
awesomely difficult technologies.
Friday, Blay 18, 2000 Compusterandonor
Pago: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3140, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"I wish I could claim to have had a sudden 2 a.m. revelation that made me
bolt upright in bed and shout, 'Eurekal But the truth is that an
exceptional 36-year-old Skunk Works mathematician and radar specialist named
decided to drop by my office one April altemoon and
resented me with the Rosetta Stone breakthrough for stealth technology.
"The gift he handed to me over a cup of decaf instant coffee would make an
attack airplane so difficult to detect that it would be invulnerable against
the most advanced radar systems yet invented, and survivable even against
the most heavily defended targets in the world.
"Denys had discovered this nugget deep inside a long, dense technical paper
on radar written by one of Russia's leading experts and published in Moscow
nine years earlier. The author was
Chief scientist at the
Moscow Institute of Radio Engineering. As Denys admitted, the paper was so
obtuse and impenetrable, only a nerd's nerd would have waded through it all,
underlining yet!
saw my blank stare. Radar cross section calculations were a branch
of medieval alchemy as far as the noninitiated were concered. Making big
objects appear tiny on a radar screen was probably the most complicated,
frustrating, and difficult part of modern warplane designing. A radar beam
is an electromagnetic field, and the amount of energy rellected back from
the target determines its visibility on radar. For example, our B-52, the
mainstay long-range bomber of the Strategic Air Command for more than a
generation, was the equivalent of a flying dairy barn when viewed from the
side on radar.
has shown us how to create computer software to accurately
calculate the radar cross section of a given configuration, as long as it's
in two dimensions,' Denys told me. 'We can break down an airplane into
thousands of flat triangular shapes, add up their individual radar
signatures, and get a precise total of the radar cross section.'
"Why only two dimensions, and why only flat plates? Simply because, as
Denys later noted, it was still only 1975 and computers weren't yet
sufliciently powerful in storage and memory to allow for three dimensional
designs, or rounded shapes, which demanded enormous numbers of additional
calculations.
"The result we called "faceting' — creating a three-dimensional airplane
design out of a collection of flat sheets or panels. The Skunk Works would
be the first to try to design an airplane composed entirely of flat, angular
surfaces. I tried not to anticipate what some of our crusty old
aerodynamicists might say. What emerged was a diamond beveled in four
directions, creating in essence four triangles. Viewed from above, the
design closely resembled an Indian arrowhead.
"Boss', Denys said, handing me the diamond-shaped sketch. 'Meet the
Hopeless Diamond."
"If we made this shape into a full-size tactical fighter, what would be its
equivalent radar signature? As big as what — a Piper Cub, a T-38
trainer — what?'
"Denys shook his heard vigorously. 'Ben, understand, we are talking about a
major, major, big-time revolution here. We are talking infinitesimal.'
Friday, May 19, 2000 Compusa
•
Pago: 3
•

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3330, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Well, 1 persisted, What does this mean? On a radar screen it would
appear to be as big as a condor, an eagle, maybe an owl, a what?'
"Ben,' he replied with a loud guffaw, 'try as big as an eagle's eyeball'
"Kelly Johnson was not impressed. Unfortunately, he caught me leaning over
a worktable studying a blueprint, and I never heard him coming. Kelly
kicked me in the butt - hard too. Then be crumpled up the stealth proposal
and threw it at my feet. 'Ben Rich, you dumb shit, he stormed. Have you
lost your mind?' This crap will never get off the ground.
"At the Skunk Works we designed practical, used off-the-shelf parts whenever
possible, and did things right the first time. My wind man, for example,
had designed twenty-seven winds on previous Skunk Works' airplanes before
tackling the Hopeless Diamond. All of us had been trained by Kelly Johnson
and believed fanatically in his insistence that an airplane that looked
beautiful would fly the same way. No one would dare to claim that the
Hopeless Diamond would be a beautiful airplane. As a flying machine it
looked alien.
"Dick Cantrell, head of our aerodynamics group, suggested burning Denys at
the stake as a heretic. But after a couple of hours of listening to
Overhoiser's explanations of stealth, Dick dropped his lanky frame onto the
chair across from my desk and heaved a big sigh. 'OK, Ben', he muttered. I
surrender. If that flat plate concept is really as revolutionary as that kid
claims in terms of radar cross section, I dont care what it looks like. I'
Il get that ugly son-of-a-bitch to lly.'
"We could get the Statue of Liberty to do barrel rolls with the onboard
computers that achieved aerodynamic capability by executing thousands of
tiny electrohydraulic adjustments every second to an airplane's control
surfaces. But even with the powerful onboard computers, getting into the
sky, as Kelly's boot to my butt suggested, would be far from a cakewalk.
"Several of our aerodynamics experts, including Dick Cantrell, seriously
thought that maybe we would do better trying to build an actual fiying
saucer. The shape itself was the ultimate in low observability. The
problem was finding ways to make a saucer fly. Unlike our plates, it would
have to be rotated and spun. But how? The Martians wouldn't tell us.
"We had a ten-foot wooden model of the diamond, and we took it and the
original wooden model for the manta-ray-shaped D-21 drone and put them side
by side into an electromagnetic chamber and cranked up the juice. Hopeless
Diamond was exactly as Denys had predicted: a thousand times stealthier than
the 12-year-old drone. The fact that the test results matched Denys'
computer calculations was the first proof that we actually knew what in hell
we were doing.
"Our next big hurdle was to test the model on an outdoor radar test range
near palmdale, on the Mojave desert. Our model was mounted on a
12-toot-high pole, and the radar dish was zeroed in from about 1,500 feet
away. I was standing next to the radar operator in the control room. Mr.
Rich, please check on your model. It must've fallen off the pole, ' he said.
"I looked. You're nuts,' I replied.
"lackbid landed rights of top the Hopeless Damthe The rata operator
smiled and nodded. 'Right, I've got it now.' I wasnt about to tell him he
Friday, May 19, 2000 Compuserve:
Page: 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2987, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was zapping a crow. His radar wasn't picking up our radar at all. For the
first time, I felt reassured that we had caught the perfect wave at the
crest and were in for one terrifically exciting ride. I saw firsthand how
invisible that diamond shape really was.
"It's the first of December 1977, just after sunup, the best time for test
pilots to'take off. Winds are usually calmest then, but this morning the
chill wind blasts through my topcoat like it's tissue paper. This flight
will be every bit as important to the nation's future and the future of the
Skunk Works as the first test flight of the U-2 spy plane, which took place
at this very same remote sand pile more than a quarter century ago.
"Back then, I was a Skunk Works rookie and this base, which we built for the
ClA, was just a tiny outpost of windswept quonset huts and trailers, guarded
by CIA agents with tommy guns. Kelly had jokingly nicknamed this
godforsaken place Paradise Ranch, hoping to lure young and innocent flight
crews to work on a dry lake bed where quarter-inch rocks blew around most
altemoons. It is now a sprawling facility, bigger than some municipal
aurports, a test range for sensitive aviation projects. No one nowadays
gains access without special clearances that include a polygraph test. Such
paranoia has kept our most guarded national defense secrets secret. [3]
"Today, the Have Blue prototype that will soon be rolling down this runway
is the first built under my regime aiter Johnson's retirement three years
earlier. But we realiy aren't one hundred percent certain that this sucker
can actually get off the ground. It is the most unstable and
weirdest-looking airplane since Northrop's flying wing, built on a whim back
in the late 1940s.
"Bill Park, our chief test pilot, complained that it was the ugliest
more observable on radar than the airplane he will be flying.
"Kelly Johnson is standing at my side, looking stoic. He's still skeptical
about whether or not this prototype will prove way too draggy to get off the
ground.
"Bill pushes on the throttle, and Have Blue slowy begins to accelerate. To
stay stealthy, Have Blue has no afterburners, and it will need almost as
much runway as a 727 loaded with fuel, baggage, and passengers bound for
Chicago. Bill goes full throttle. He's chewing up a lot of runway as he
sweeps past us.
"Uh-oh. He's damn near off the end of the runway. Then i see him lift off.
Slow as a jumbo jet a hundred times its weight, but he's up. Get up. Up,
up, up. The little airplane hears me. It's heading toward the
snow-powdered mountains.
"Kelly slaps me on the back and shouts, Well, Ben, you got your first
airplane.'
"Not so fast. There are some significant foothills looming in night
path and I try to do some quick mental calculations to get him safely over
the hump. I raise my binoculars and quickly try to adjust the focus. By
the time the mountains come clear, our airplane is across the other side.
Friday, May 19, 2000 Compusorvo:
Page: 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 3229, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Stealth was our great good fortune, and our earings skyrocketed. The
stealth fighter brought in more than $6 billion. By my fifth year, I was
heading a small, secret R&D outfit whose annual earnings placed it among the
Fortune 500. Not bad. Not bad at all."
The rest is history. During the Gulf War, Lockheed's F-117A Nighthawk
stealth attack planes, derived from the Have Blue prototype, returned from
Baghdad without a hit or even a near miss.
Stealth program worked.
***
One day back in 1993, I received a call from a good friend, d
had graduated in engineering at UCLA back in the seventies (about a decade
after me): X said, "How'd you like to hear a lecture from someone from
Lockheeds Skunk Works?" I asked, "Sure, who's speaking?" "
"Who's
, I asked, never having even heard his name.
On the appointed day (March 23, 1993), I parked my car in the parking
structure on Gayley Avenue and walked over to the UCLA faculty center.
There was a small crowd gathering outside the closed doors to the
auditorium. I met as he walked through the door at the appointed time.
I asked him how he got on the invitation list. He was still active in the
UCLA Engineering Alumni Association and this was one of the events that they
had planned. We sat at the front of the audience, say about 150 to 200
Tolks. I took a look around. The 250 or so capacity auditorium was filled
by what appeared to be aerospace industry professionals, the press, members
or academia and a few milltary types in uniform sitting at the back. Air
Force blue-suiters. Knowing the history of Lockheed's activity in military
intelligence, my guess was that there were also a few "spooks" there too.
No one had an ID badge saying "chief spook" for this agency or that, but it
just figured. This was soon to be confirmed.
I had no idea what
looked like or who exactly he was. Of course, i
knew of Kelly Johnson, but I also knew he had retired. Soon, a short, 5'5"
or so, thin, gray-haired, gentlemen walked up to the podium. He was a
wiry-looking man with sixty-five years of worry wrinkles on his face and
wearing gray slacks and a white shirt. It tured out, at least for me, that
he seemed like the kind of boss that you wanted to keep on your side.
Before he said anything more, his first words were, "Please don't asked me
any questions about the Aurora project. [4] I can't answer any and if l
did, I'd be thrown in jail. There are some representatives of the CIA here
who I recognize."
Contrary to Kelly Johnson, who had little to no humor, confesses to
being a bit of a jokester. In his book, Rich acknowledges that he had "an
endless supply of one-liners and farmers daughters jokes supplied fresh
daily by my brother, a television producer on a situation comedy." But was
kidding about loose lips and jail time? At the time, Rich sounded dead
serious to me. My feeling is that Kelly Johnson had instilled in him
almost a fear and certainly a serious respect for national security. Again,
from his book he quoted Kelly Johnson as saying,
> this project [the
U-2 spy plane] is so secret that you may have a six-month to one-year hole
in your résume that can never be filled in. Whatever you learn, see, and
Friday, May 19, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Pago: 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3223, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
priest, or your CPA. You got that straight?'
"Yes, sure,
relied.
'Okay, first read over this briefing disclosure form which says what Ive
just said, only in governmentese. Just remember, having a big mouth will
cost you twenty years in Leavenworth, minimum." Was Rich just joking? |
don't think so. I2]
went on for an hour reviewing the history of the Skunk Works. It was
obvious from the way he carried himself and what he said that he was proud
if his accomplishments. His lecture was highlighted by numerous slides oi
ach project that he had worked on. He described the U-2 reconnaissanc
plane and its successor, the TR-1 variants. He spoke about the SR-71
Blackbird, its various missions, its speed records and a few of its less
well-known mishaps. He talked about the little-known, D-21 supersonic spy
drone that was carried atop an SR-71 mother ship. He even spoke of missions
in which the D-21 was launched toward mainland China and went out of
control. He covered the Sea Shadow, a prototype stealth surface ship
commissioned by the Navy (according to him, the Navy ran it through a few
sea trals, but never really understood how to use it). The part of the
lecture in which he truly beamed was the F-117 stealth attack plane
(sometimes erroneously called a stealth "fighter" which it is not. It's
strictly an attack bomber and is subsonic.) All of these aircraft were
built by the Skunk Works, not designed by them and then built by someone
else. The Skunk Works were R&D designers but they were also fabricators.
in otner words, they were also "nuts and bolts" people. Here it is in Rich'
s own words: "Inside the Skunk Works, we were a small, intensely cohesive
missions." [5]
Occasionally,
rould say a few surprising words. At one point of his
lecture he said, fyou a ite one it, Lockheed Skunk Works has done it
At the time this seemed a little odd to me. Why would a person of
stature say that? It seemed that it was either a brag (which really wasnt
necessary) or he was trying to say something euphemistically. In fact,
listening to
I got the distinct impression that there was so much more
that he wanted to announce to the world, but, of course, couldn't.
repeated the "If you can imagine it." phrase twice more during the lecture.
During the hour or so talk, probably the most fascinating lecture that I
have ever witnessed
ad shown a carousel-full of slides. He made a
few concluding comments. Then he said that the Skunk Works would continue
to work on cutting-edge technology into the future. He said no one knows
what we may work on next (or something to that effect). He then showed his
last slide. The last slide was an artist's conception of a flying
disk-shaped craft — a lying saucer." At this point, said, "We now
have the technology to take ET home." The reaction orthe audience was
nervous laughter. My interpretation was that this was Rich's way of saying,
"We can do it now." A few others in the room, including my friend Jan and
myself, took it very seriously. All you had to do was read between the
lines.
The talk concluded. About 30 of us crowded around
Zike bobby-soxers
around The Beatles at their last concert. I was beginning to wonder if any
Friday, Slay 19, 2000 Compesen
Pago: 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 3620, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one else (except
las he and I think alike) in the entire audience was
having the same thoughts as I. Could the Skunk Works be working on some
otherworldly craft as we spoke? One man spoke up and said that he was a new
manager at Northrop.
pointed his finger at the man and said, "Well let
me ask you a question: is it possible to travel to the stars?" The man was
taken back a bit and then said, "Oh sure, it would just take a long time."
answer to that was "No, it won't take someone's lifetime to do it.
There is an error in the equations (Jan and I had different reactions:
was thinking Maxwell or Einstein and I assumed he was speaking strictly
Einstein) and we know what it is, and now have the capability to travel to
the stars." A man in the crowd asked, 'Just how are we going to get to
the stars?"
immediately responded, "First, you have to understand that
we will not get to the stars using chemical propulsion." In other words, no
rocket ships. "Second, we have to devise a new propulsion technology. What
we have to do is to find out where Einstein went wrong."
went on to
imply that various people at the Skunk Works had been studying altemative
propulsion technologies for interstellar travel. Rich said, they had, for
example, determined that Einstein's equations dealing with relativity theory
were incorrect. I asked him to clarity that. Did he mean that the Skunk
Works employed theoretical physicists, "Einstein types", to look for
altemate means of space travel?
said, "Yes." He went on to say that
they had proved that Einstein was wrong. He made a mistake. I didnt know
how thai set with other people in the room, but to me that possibly meant
that they had determined how it was possible to travel faster than the speed
of light. At this point, one must keep in mind one thing. The Skunks Works
is a fabrication outfit. They are not in business to be a theoretical think
tank. My take on this was that they were looking for loopholes in Einstein'
s work that would give them a way of traveling at ultra-high speeds,
faster-than-light travel, to the stars and back. I took it to mean that
they had found it. And they were building or had built a craft to do it.
One woman in the small crowd around him apparently had similar thoughts.
She asked, "Mr.
when will the ETs go home?"
smiled, looked down
at the floor and said nothing. Some of us were left wondering what his
response might have been had he been able to answer without being sent to do
twenty years in Leavenworth.
As Rich was walking out the door, >
tollowed him and asked privately,
"Ben, what equations are you talking about?" He just looked at X En
explained that he was interested in propulsion and how it worked.
Shen
asked him, "How does ESP work?"
Treplied without thinking, "All points
in time and space are connected."
shot back,
"That's how it works""
did not know if he was referring to his question or his answer when he
said "That's how it works."
then turned around and exited abruptly.
[The answer to this issue is in Chapter XX]
Rich died of cancer in 1996. Who knows what secrets he took to the grave?
NOTES
1. Brown, Stuart F. and James C. Goodall, "The Supersonic Spy Drone',
Popular Science, October 1994.
2. Rich, Ben R and Leo Janos, Skunk Works: A Personal Memoir of My Years at
Lockheed, Little Brown and Co., 1994 and "Inside the Skunk Works", Popular
Science, October 1994.
3. For the uninitiated or for those who have not as yet guessed, the
mysterious desert base that Rich is referring to, his "Paradise Ranch", is
located in Nevada. It's called "Area 51."
Friday, May 19, 2000 Compuserve: DrSGreer
Pago: 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 363, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"''=
4. The Aurora project is alleged to be a hypersonic reconnaissance aircraft
reportedly now operational. It is referred to as the "Aurora" due to an
obscure line item with that title in the Air Force budget for a certain
"black" (meaning super secret) aerospace project. Here's how Ben Rich
described it in his book: "The funding for the [B-2 stealth bomber]
