{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:43:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1646572, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124391-witness-10183-intel-on-et-projects-from-british-officer-germany.pdf", "source_sha256": "02c81bd182196e7a268ff174b1a3427681cca5ee9faa2d577639266390095b3b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3143, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
File
In a message dated 07/12/20006:59:27 PM Eastem Daylight Time,
writes:
<< port
From:
To: XX
Date: 07/12/2000 6:59:27 PM Easter Daylight Time
XXXX
XX
(Steve Greer)
Steve, although this witness is still in process, I have filled out a preliminary evaluation for you to look at. This is a complex
case, and I would like to know whether you might like to call this person yourself for the initial interview. It's fine with me either
way. So far my communications have been on email. I would also appreciate your take on the veracity and usefulness of the
material as it stands so far.
Thanks,
PROTOCOLS FOR SENIOR RESEARCHERS
Please follow the following protocols as you contact prospective witnesses:
1.. Obtain full name, address, phone numbers, email and other data and record same
XXXXX
XXXXXXXXX
XXX*
b.. Obtain brief educational and employment history relevant to the testimony (ie, government, military, intel., corporate)
(He is mainly a source for other witnesses, but he has his own story also.) Affiliated with a Technical Institute where he
has been studying computer science and aerospace technologies. Has worked at IBM and Volkswagen but is now taking time
out from both a job and his studies.
c.. Record the details in summary form of the witness' testimony, providing salient information on date, location, position
and involvement at the time of the UFO/ET event or project
1. Lars sent out the info on "The New Age Club" - a private, rich-man's MJ-12 supposedly founded by Nixon and recently
dismantled by CIA Director Tenet. The release was written by a source with the pseudonym "Mr. Goodman," who is part of the
Acclimation Program. In this release, Goodman refers to his source of the information as "a highly-reliable veteran intelligence
insider." He also refers to a Dennis Bossak: a member of the "Club" who has gone public, claiming a 25 year directorship of
the Club and an association with alien races.
In a series of communications over the last few days with Lars, in which I requested access to both >
wrote to both of them. I have leamed the following
and
When
emailed
with this request, his email was shut down. His provider confirmed that his mailbox was
"cracked and wasted."
responded to Lars that the intelligence source "respectfully declines to fumish the requested
information, because your informant and his source decline to be identified, irregardless of their respect for Dr. Greer."
7/12 Lars is still trying to find X
X and has not responded to my request to contact Goodman directly. I proposed the
possibility that the intelligence source could appear on camera under disguise, depending on Dr. Greer's assessment. He
said it might work and he would contact today and ask him. I urged him today to send Goodman's contact info for
DG to contact Goodman directly under the strictest confidence.
2. Lars has his own story independent of above (which explains his involvement). In the summers between 1978 and 1984,
Lars says that 3 high ranking British intelligence officers were welcomed to set up headquarters in the family bam and slept in
Thursday, July 13, 2000 CompuServe: DrSGreer
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2958, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
their house, near the East German border (for military maneuvres). After the first summer, when Lars was 9; he asked them
"ї '€
about "space people" with whom he says he had had contact. After he badgered them, the officers told him. about the
= .:
Acclimation Program, >
seeing things on the moon, their dislike for
• project. HAARP to shoot down:.
ETs, and more. They told Lars they would give him no more information for 20 years. (more detail included in his letter). He
арт;
had contact with one of the officers until the end of the 80s. They are:
and X
+52
has provided me with a copy of a hand-written thank you letter to his parents in 1978 from X
references >
se.
Xin which he
In 1998,
tried to find them. He contacted the British Forces Liaison Organization in Germany and received a letter
from X
in German which I have a copy of. He says this letter gave him an address for one officer but he's not there, and
Clark will not help him further, I have full contact info for
• It was when he was searching for the 3 officers that Goodman
came forward from the Acclimation Program and asked Lars to distribute the information on "The New Age Club."
d.. Ascertain the witness' degree of cooperation: Is he / she willing to be interviewed under full identity? Under a disguise
(we want to discourage this except in rare cases) ?
He seems sincere in his interest in helping us and is cooperative so far. As stated above, XX his intelligence
source and Bossak are still being pursued. I suggested that the one highly sensitive intelligence source might testify under
disguise, pending evaluation by DG.
e.. Ask if he/she has corroborating witnesses to the event or project or corroborating documents and other materials
This is in the works as described. Two documents have been procured pertaining to Lars own story with the British
intelligence officers.
f.. Always ask if the witness has other evidence, networks, or contacts to other witnesses which could be useful to the
project (they may not offer this and so this should always be asked).
It's premature to ask this right now.
g.. Write your own assessment of the value of the witness' testimony and credibility, and HOW the witness comes across
(articulate, etc) .
There are some language problems. Haven't spoken yet to Lars, but have had extensive emails. Need to evaluate if at this
point DG should make a call to XX and I am continuing to pursue tracking down the sources. Some of his story seems
questionable, such as the fact that he was only 9 years old at the time the officers spoke to him. Were the officers making up
information to appease the curiosity of a 9 year old boy who thought the had seen "space people?" Obviously, if we can't track
down any of the sources, that renders this worthless.
swears numerous times to the truth of his story and seems sincere.
«DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD W3 HTML/EN">
<HEAD>
Thursday, Jury 13, 2000. Compuserve: DisGreer
-not anot
Page: 2,
