{"created_utc": "2026-08-11T02:56:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5547687, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124374-open-letter-from-french-scientists-to-the-initiator-of-the-disclosure-project-witness-10998-france.pdf", "source_sha256": "3a05d374add3752a996c2af74154249eeaf2ebe121ffde9756fd3e39771c2858"}

Open Letter from a group of French scientists to the
Initiator of the Disclosure Project.

Introduction.

We are a group of French scientists. We have read Dr. Greer's text on the Disclosure Web
site and have been impressed by his remarks. We are convinced, as he is, that certain
nations, and chiefly the US, have been able to derive from the UFO files, from crashed
UFO retrievals and from possible contacts with aliens, information which has led to
entirely new scientific knowledge. We shall farther discuss the assessment of
developments achieved on the basis of these information. The question is: "how far have-
they reached ?". We hold accurate information about the American black programs linked
with hypersonic planes, be it the satellisable Aurora spy craft or a hypersonic long range
bomber for which the B2 is but a cover-up. Technical data in our possession allow us, in
this particular case, to sustain our assertions. These technologies were directly derived
from the analysis of the wreck retrieved at Roswell, which was a hypersonic space shuttle
and not an interstellar vehicle. We deplore the fact that this reverse engineering has only
been applied to military ends, since these techniques could have found better use, the one
as a completely re-reusable space launcher - much more efficient and cheaper than the
customary rockets - the other as a hypersonic commercial plane.


Possible antimatter synthesis.

Besides the above, it is highly presumable that the Americans have mastered a massive
antimatter production technique, this - and not the "void energy" - being the near magic,
inexhaustible future energy coming out of nowhere; unless one considers the
transformation of matter into antimatter by thermonuclear compression as a means of
"extracting energy from the void". I shall ad that once antimatter has been produced in
this way, it can farther be used to produce more. No nuclear explosion is needed at every
start. However this technology lays in the hands of humanity incredibly more destructive
bombs than the most powerful thermonuclear weapons presently available. It also
generates a potential straightforward war hazard through the fact that very small
quantities of antimatter can be stocked in crystals under very stable electrostatic
confinement; this allows the production of tiny bombs - "bucky balls" - , the size of an
egg, thermal shield included, of 40 ton TNT power. Thanks to their relatively limited
power and the fact that no waste is produced, these bombs could readily be used. Instead
of dropping high power bombs on isolated targets, which would throw up great quantities
of pulverulent matter into the high atmosphere and generate nuclear winter effects, it
would be possible to scatter a great number of these mini antimatter bombs and cause
equal damage, whilst avoiding that the dust should rise at high altitudes and generate a
nuclear winter. We believe that the US already possess a considerable number of such
weapons with which they would be capable of reducing whole countries to ashes, and we
fear that these devices will soon be discreetly brought into action on more restricted
scales. This takes us far out of sight of the positive applications of which Humanity could
benefit from such a technology and thus produce, as Dr. Greer rightly puts it, "flowering
deserts".


The raw material and waste problem.

We believe that the ET vehicles visiting us use antimatter, stocked on board or
synthesised, as primary source of energy. This basic energy could be put to a wide range
of uses. One of the most useful is to master the transmutation of materials and be thus
able to synthesise at will any type of atom. Coupled with a very advanced nano-
technology, this would allow the most complex systems to be synthesised without human
intervention, i.e. without "work". Inversely, any system composed of atoms could be
converted into neutral waste such as helium, the typically ideal waste. If we survive the
next century, this is the picture of our future technology. If such a set of techniques were
completed with a more comprehensive approach of biology then that which is practised
on Earth today, the Human being would have the keys of a Golden Age within arm's
reach.


Present state of technology on Earth.

We do not know how far these technologies may have been developed on Earth. To this
date we may only strongly suspect that antimatter synthesis through thermonuclear
compression has been obtained in the US towards the end of the sixties; we shall farther
come back to this. Another problem raised by Dr. Greer is machine weight reduction,
suppression or even inversion (anti-gravity). We consider this as feasible. This is the
technique used by UFO's when they hover without any air displacement. In our opinion
this can only be understood via an important paradigm shift, a different way of
comprehending space and matter. But this is still speculative and we suggest also coming
back to it farther on. Anti-gravity control could obviously be applied to civilian
transportation, but far beyond this, we think it would open the way to outer space travel.
Here again, we shall postpone the subject to the end of this paper.


Our comments on the Space Energy Access Systems.

However commendable the feeling from which this project arises, we are doubtful as to
its chances of success. We think that its applications (unlimited energy production, anti-
gravity), even though physically conceivable, would call for very expensive advanced
technologies. By comparison one could imagine the Foundation offering men of the
Antiquity a full purse of gold to whomever would fly a plane with three paccengers over
more than six miles. We are sceptical as to the compatibility of such techniques with soft
technologies within reach of amateurs and moderately sized laboratories. Such
developments may, to our mind, only be envisaged by large scale laboratories with
considerable funds for which a million dollar prize would seem but a derisory sum
compared with the cost of such research. Consequently, laboratories of that size would
inevitably be part of the military-industrial lobbies. At best would the supporters of such
a project be rewarded with interesting theoretical ideas, but no exploitable practical
results. Such is our opinion, but of course we may be mistaken.

Our answer to the Disclosure Manifest.

Whilst we are not in a state to submit to Dr. Greer plans for an unlimited energy
producing machine or one that could suppress the force of gravity, we are, on the other
hand, able to present strong arguments in support of his campaign against the diversion of
technologies by military-industrial complexes elusive to American political power and
dedicated to serve a few who seek world domination by force. The elements we are in a
state to produce are related to underwater high velocity propulsion and construction of
very long range hypersonic planes, both these techniques being based on what is called
magneto-hydro-dynamics, or MILD.


General remarks about MHD.

MID has been the object of sustained research in the sixties, the civilian sector only
having obviously been accessible to the public. The purpose at the time was to produce
electricity through direct M3D conversion, using as primary energy either fossil fuels -
so-called "open cycles" -, or energy produced by high temperature reactors (IITR). In
both cases, research teams came up against the fact that gases at "technological
temperatures, even when seeded with low ionisation potential substances such as
caesium, are not sufficiently electrically conductive. Below 3000°K, their electric
conductivity is too low. The Russians have led this technique of MIID electricity
production as far as possible with their U-25 generator, which bums a mixture of
hydrocarbons and pure oxygen. But this civilian oriented research was finally abandoned.
Mother trial took place where two-temperature gases were used (in which the electron
gas has a higher temperature than the atom gas). This was not possible in a molecular
environment which contained a lot of carbon dioxide (as a result of combustion). Indeed,
this molecule is readily excited by the chocks with electrons. The result was a great loss
of energy through radiation (radiative un-excitation). This two-temperature system was
thus limited to closed cycles where the conversion fluid was a rare gas : helium, seeded
with caesium, used to cool down the heart of a reactor working at high temperature
(1500°K). Let us point out that these reactors were neither built nor tested. Atomic
scientists only thought they might be constructed and, thank God, they never were.
This research came up against something which completely annihilated the generators'
performances by making the plasma very non-homogeneous : it was an instability
discovered in 1964 by the Russian Velikhov. These preliminaries may seem strange, but
they explain why civilian M D research was abandoned in many countries, except in the
US and Russia, where military MHD was at the same time being developed in great
secret. In Russia, the father of military M3D was Andrei Sakharov. His pupil was none
other than           , innovator of the soviet style star war, and Poutine's chief consultant
for leading edge weapons.
Description of high velocity US and Russian MHD torpedoes.

Since a long time ago, the USA and USSR possessed indubitable evidence that UFO's
were of extraterrestrial origin. The US had retrieved at least one crashed hypersonic
vehicle at Roswell and it is highly probable that the Russians also collected an equal
supply. It was not until the seventies that the Americans understood that one of the key
operating elements of the Roswell shuttle was MHD. They also grasped that military
MHD was of prime strategic importance and they launched an intense disinformation
campaign, at home and abroad, to lure researchers away from what they declared to be a
dead end subject. I hold this information from the fact that I was closely implied, since
1965, in French civilian MHD projects. I built a Faraday linear generator, based on a
combustion shock tube, producing a power of several megawatts during 200
microseconds with a two tesla magnetic field. The Velikhovinstability having been
overcome, we succeeded in obtaining the first two-temperature stable running conditions,
and this was presented at the 1967 Warsaw international colloquium. But notwithstanding
this success, in the early seventies, in our own country as in others, this research was
abandoned. It is worth mentioning that our team obtained a gas blast speed gain of 5,500
m/s over a distance of less than 4", with argon fluxes at 10,000°K input into a Faraday
accelerator at 2,750 m/s under a one bar pressure. But at the time nobody in France
realised the military implication of what was to become, elsewhere, an MHD propulsion
with high specific impulse.
If I remember correctly, I travelled to the United States in 1984, to take. part in an
international MHD meeting in Boston. The Russians presented their Pavlovsky generator,
one of the various versions of the flux compression generators tested in the early 50's by
Sakharov's team, which was later to become the typical feed system to their directed
energy weapons (electron and laser beams). Besides this novelty, representatives of
various countries, American researches included, (the colloquium had been organised by
J.F. Louis of AVCO), deplored the loss of interest of their governments. And yet we were
ignorant of the fact that, three years earlier, the Americans had operated their first MHD
torpedoes at 1,000 knots; we got wind of this many years later. Today, in countries
possessing leading technology, propeller torpedoes have been abandoned since exactly
thirty years. The powder rocket propulsion was soon found to be more efficient and gave
rise to such machines as the American Supercav or the Russian Sqwal.
t


                          The russian Sqwal rocket torpedo (250 knots)

    The British today possess a similar weapon, the Spearfish. In these torpedoes, hot gas is
    ejected from the machine's nose and vaporises the neighbouring sea water. The torpedo
    then moves in a sheath of water vapour; the resulting friction reduction allowing speeds
    of 200 to 250 kn. Course control is achieved through the protruding pole which
    telescopes out of the nose after launching. Steering is obtained by modulating the
    exhausts of nozzles which encircle the main propulsion nozzle and are fed by the forward
    situated gas generator. Today however are such machines quite out of date, even though
    countries such as France do not even have them yet. American and Russian MHD
    torpedoes also have a solid propellant rocket engine. The divergent works like an MHD
    convector, producing a large amount of electric energy. This energy feeds a wall
    accelerator of which, for the sake of lightness, the principle description is appended. Such
    a system sucks the water in very strongly; hence is the viscous drag concept no longer
    appropriate since the wake is not only suppressed, but even reversed; which opens the
    path to very high speeds. Such speeds, reckoned today to be able to reach about 1,600 to
    1,900 kn., enable the torpedoes to reach the targets in matters of seconds. It is easy to see
    the major strategic asset brought to any nation possessing these torpedoes, since it would
    enable the destruction, in a few seconds, of the enemy's strategic nuclear submarines,
    which are the most dangerous of all weapons. They are generally positioned as close as
    possible to their potential targets in order to reduce the range of the ballistic flight, hence
    the chances of interception. In fact, the destruction of these missile loaded submarines
    would probably be the very first act of war of any nation with a high technological level
    of equipment. The Chinese do not possess such an equipment yet. In 1996, the Russians
attempted to make a demonstration of their machine nicknamed "the Fat One", of a one
meter calibre, because they were hoping to sell them the torpedoes. Such a technology
transfer would, in the long run, have meant a great menace to world security and,
informed of the transactions, the Americans boarded and sank the Koursk which was due,
in presence of a Chinese general, to make the demonstration Fearing this should be
discovered, the Russians closed all of the submarine's hatches (by remote sonar order
issued from the Peter the Great cruiser, flagship of the manoeuvres), letting the entire
crew perish and recovering the wreck later.
The MHD torpedo and its parietal accelerator propulsion isthusone of the first
applications of the military MHD derived from the close analysis of the Roswell wreck.


American hypersonic machines. Aurora and the. antipodal hypersonic bomber.

Air travelling machines. remained, from there on, to be designed. From Mach 3 up, the air
compression aft of the chock wave generates an important Mutating. By shifting•to stato it
is possible to go up in Mach levels. One can then,`around Mach 6, envisage a scramjet
functioning (hypersonic combustion), where fuel and oxidiser (hydrogen and liquid
oxygen) circulate in the leading edge to cool it down. But the examinatioifof the Roswell
vehicle was to yield a much better solution, which would lead to the Aurora machine,
which took its first flight in 1990 at Groom Lake. This very clever craft can take off by
its own means, pick up speed and altitude, reach 6,000 kn. at 180,000 ft., then become
sattelised with conventional rockets. Two very different successive operating modes are
then called upon. At the start, Aurora - of which Ajax, the Russian version designed by
Fraistadt, was never built through lack of funding - looks lice a conventional jet plane.
Four turboreactors without post combustion are suspended under a very cambered wing
with a completely flat top and a sharply lifted "duck tail" trailing edge.


                     Aurora in subsonic and moderate Mach High

Aurora then reaches Mach 3 and the motor air feed changes. The bottom air intakes close
up. The plane then flies in low pressure air which ionises more easily. An air inlet opens
on the top side, in front of which a set of parallel electrodes form an MIlD wall
generator. Since this section works as a generator, the air is slowed down and re-
compressed (by Lorenz forces). A continuous slowing down then takes place, without
shock waves and with moderate heating, to such a point that the gas can be directed to the
conventional turboreactor air intake, even though the plane flies at 6,000 kn. at about
180,000 ft altitude. Very high tensions are generated by the Hall effect. In these parietal
converters, the Americans use superconductor systems developing 12 teslas. The
Velikhov instability is mastered by magnetic confinement. The high voltage is used to
create a plasma cushion which protects the leading edge. The electric power is next used
to enhance the specific impulse thanks to a wall accelerator located aft of the nozzle
outlets (MHD by-pass system). This is then of the "semiguided" type.

                                                        Mn~l vjai1 ~nerat,.
                                                                 5


                                          iir4 weL)
                                         O' e                                              1
                                                                                         k-


                                 Aurora, hypersonic flight

It is designed to function with a fixed expansion coefficient at a given altitude. At lower
altitudes, the expansion of the jet is too strong and it then exhibits a succession of knots
and bumps, typical of "over-depressed" jets.


                                classical over-depressed jet

This explains the mysterious photograph taken near Groom Lake, where the plane, seen
exceptionally in daylight, had not yet reached its adaptation altitude.
                                photograph of Aurora jet

Aurora's lift is obtained through the generated shock wave on which the plane surfs; it is
a wave rider. But Aurora is not meant to function that wax a long time because the
formation of this shock wave generates a drag which entails a waste of energy. Rockets
enable the machine either to become sattelised at an altitude of 250,000 ft., i.e. the
atmosphere's limit, or to execute ballistic leaps, like a pebble bouncing on a water pond.
Under those condition it becomes a kind of pilotable semisattelite, such as the well
known silver surfer. The total plasma envelope makes it also completely stealthy. Once
sattelised at a speed of 15,000 kn. it can reenter at a very slight angle of incidence
without the need of a degradable thermal shield; the whole ;surface then works as an
MHD generator. The high tension produces a forward protecting plasma cushion; the
energy being dissipated mainly through radiation. When the plane returns to its base, the
whole process is gone through in reverse order; and when approaching it is propelled like
a conventional plane and can land on a normal runway.
This has all been kept secret. The Americans attempt to lull the awareness of other
countries by rather gross misinformation. They lead Europeans into thinking that the
adventure of hypersonic flight is near at hand, whilst in fact they have been mastering
those techniques for the last twelve years.

Aurora's lift is obtained through the generated shock wave on which the plane surfs; it is
a wave rider. But Aurora is not meant to function that way a long time because the
formation of this shock wave generates a drag which entails a waste of energy. Rockets
enable the machine either to become sattelised at an altitude of 250,000 ft., i.e. the
atmosphere's limit, or to execute ballistic leaps, like a pebble bouncing on a water pond.
Under those condition it becomes a kind of pilotable semisattelite, such as the well
known silver surfer. The total plasma envelope makes it ato completely stealthy. Once
sattelised at a speed of 15,000 kn. it can reenter at a very' slight angle of incidence
without the need of a degradable thermal shield; the whole surface then works as an
MHD generator. The high tension produces a forward protecting plasma cushion; the
energy being dissipated mainly through radiation. When the plane returns to its base, the
whole process is gone through in reverse order; and when approaching it is propelled like
a conventional plane and can land on a normal runway.
This has all been kept secret. The Americans attempt to lull the awareness of other
countries by rather gross misinformation. They lead Europeans into thinking that the
adventure of hypersonic flight is near at hand, whilst in fact they have been mastering
those techniques for the last twelve years.


  Model of Aurora X-43A slung under the wing of a B-52, and poised in front of a
                             large powder booster


                                        In flight
                       Length :12'4"             1481              ~►
                       Width: 5'6"
                       Height: 2'2"
                       V4i•igii
                       Mas
                       3000 lbs


                                •—     19.2' k


                                                 Li J30 4"
                                                                        t


                                                   14 S      -


                            The "pseudo-Aurora" test model.

Notice that vertical tails contradicts stealthyness. But the cut nose corresponds to the real
Aurora. This is a cover-up on technological progress. The civilian version of Aurora
would not be a sattelisable spy plane, but a completely reusable launcher, much cheaper
than the classical rockets which depend solely on the thrust of their motors to overcome
the drag linked with the generation of a chock wave.
What Occidentals ignore, and which I shall reveal in a book, is that Americans also have
a hypersonic long range bomber which can fly at similar speeds and altitudes. Seen from
above, these bombers look like a B2. The saw-tooth shape of their trailing edge is
designed to give stability when landing. The shape causes eddies which prevent the wing
tip loss of lift to creep up towards the leading edge (short after the war, this phenomenon
caused the crash of the flying wing designed by Jack Northrop). The B2's based at
Whitman, supposed to have cost $2 billion each, are just decoys. The real plane is not
subsonic and has neither cockpit nor any hoods above the four motors. These are
completely included in the wing, so as to avoid the turbi, vanes from being detected by
radar's.


US hypersonic bomber.

Wall convectors sit on the front parts of the wings ahead of the motors. These systems
enable incident air to be re-compressed without shock wave generation and funnelled into
the inlets of classical turboreactors. The machine is a subtle combination of regions
where the MDH wall converter is used to slow down the gas (as an electrical power
generator) and others where, on the contrary, the gas is accelerated. This system allows
complete control over the gas flux and suppression of any shock wave and hence wave
drag. If the latter were to remain, the plane could not fly a long time considering the
energy wasted in creating it. This elimination of shock waves was obtained in 1997 and
opened the path to the first antipodal flights. In fact, on more than one item this bomber is
more sophisticated than the Aurora. For instance, the electrical discharge at the leading
edge has a better mastered geometry which gives rise to a real "virtual" leading edge.
        ?4J ~ap¢ra'&r
                44


                   ~Ya~ra   ViBN/
                                                                   deErIc •aU        at   e-


                             Hypersonic long-range bomber

Thus the machine, which the B2 dissimulates, is able to take off from the US, reach any
point on the globe, and come back and land again in the US all in one night and four
hours, even if the target lies in the antipodes at 10,800 nautical miles. Bombing
assignments have been enacted in Europe and Afghanistan, the latter being mentioned as
subsonic 40 hour flights, necessitating six in-flight refuellings, most of which took place
over Russia which the planes had to cross. Considering the vulnerability of a plane while
refuelling, who would be gullible enough to believe such a version ? Notice also that the
B2's which are shown have no bunk of any kind to allow crew members to take some
rest. Could any pilot remain seated for forty hours on an ejector seat ? See on my web site
http:I/www.jp-petit.com a file on the B2.
In numerous realms, the US attempt to disguise their military technology progress. They
possess a hypersonic drone whose air intake is controlled by a similar process. On the
photographs they show, the stealth inducing air intakes could absolutely not function if
the plane were to move at supersonic speeds.
                                        The X-47A

American documents are generally mute about the speeds of these planes, but even if
they were stealthy, one can hardly imagine the Americans constructing subsonic combat
drones!
These few elements, (but there are many more, particularly concerning microwave
weapons, crowd control systems, etc.), may attract the reader's attention to the fact that
the US might indeed well have acquired a considerable lead in matters of weaponry by
using information extracted from UFO observation and reverse engineering of retrieved
wrecks.
I agree with Dr. Greer. I think that as soon as the United States disposed of directed
energy weapons, they deliberately shot down UFO's in order to analyse them.


Why the US are suspected to possess antimatter bombs.

The 'flux compression" generators, such as those tested by             in the early 50's, are
now reaching public knowledge. They are the generators which equipped the E-bombs
and cruise missiles used during the Gulf war. Specialists are aware that these generators
(see annex &&&) can also be used to compress objects at very high pressures (25
megabars in 1952) and to accelerate them at very high speeds (50 km/s in 1952). Towards
the end of the 60's, the Americans considered working these systems by using low power
atom bombs (l kt of TNT) as explosive. The pressures reached were so considerable that
they managed, in this kind of "laboratory", to reproduce conditions similar to the Big
Bang, matter then muting into antimatter. The energy production turned out to be one
hundred times greater than what was expected. This was kept secret. The Russians and
the Chinese later tried to re-enact those experiences, but they failed because of lack of
superconductors of adequate quality.
The Amerinans managed to separate the produced antimatter from matter and to confine
it in magnetic bottles. They eventually used. it for propulsion, for such as a disc shaped
drone, operational since 2000, which can travel at Mach 10 in dense air, and which they
attempt to keep secret. This object works along the lines described in annex &&&. If one
excepts stationary flight without air blast, which comes under "antigravitation", and sharp
angle turns, it appears that Americans have almost managed to reproduce, thanks to
MHD, the behaviour of inter-atmospheric cruising UFO's. They are now attempting
farther to develop this technology, which would give them access to star to star travel.
We do not know if they have made any significant progress in that direction; though
some believe they have. If such were the case, this would jeopardise the future of
humanity because extraterrestrials would probably not tolerate that such barbarians as we
are should go and give neighbouring civilisations a pain in the neck.
In the mean time, Americans use small quantities of antimatter to accelerate silicon
vapour up to 500 km/s in MHD accelerators used for space propulsion. With such
boosters, they have been able to accelerate space probes at speeds of up to 100 km/s and
accomplish a survey of the Solar System, nearly complete since five years. They have
been testing antimatter bombs in which very powerful charges were synthesised in situ, at
the moment of impact. The first trials of these entirely oversized bombs, too powerful for
Earth tests, were done.by sending them off to the Sun. To do this, very high specific
impulse MHD propelled bombs have been launched on trajectories at a wide angle to the
Ecliptic plane in order to get merged with a known family of comets. Trials were
continued with shots on Jupiter. There again, the bomb modules were directed in such a
way as to be mistaken for cometary debris. Initially loaded on board the military Atlantis
shuttle, the modules were conveyed on site by an MHD propelled cargo which was then
self-destroyed. The modules created a magnetosphere which simulated cometary
degassing. They penetrated Jupiter's high atmosphere at 100 km/s thanks to their Mill)
shield system. Thermonuclear compressed antimatter synthesis, followed by
instantaneous explosion caused the impacts to be mistaken for comet fragments.
Later launches were aimed at Jupiter's satellites, such as Io and Europa. On each of those
occasions, Galileo, which had been sent into orbit precisely to monitor the trials, failed to
transmit the pictures to Earth, at least according to the official version. It suffered a
number of failures depriving earthlings of close images of Jupiter's satellites.


An open question.

The purpose of such firings remains mysterious; are they meant to be anti-comet weapons
? Some astronomers believe that, when the Solar System was formed, a telluric planet has
been ejected by tide effect on a very eccentric, long period orbit (2000- 3000 years), at a
wide angle to the Ecliptic. This planet would in addition have been reduced to a vast
number of fragments while passing inside the Roche sphere of the object from which it
was ejected. The periodic return of this swarm of fragments; the size of comets or
asteroids and thus undetectable at any greater distance than that of Jupiter, might cause
some problems. Would aliens have delivered to the Americans means of accelerating
their scientific and technical know-how in order to enable them to master the destruction
of such objects between 2020 and 2030 ? Would the Roswell wreck have been a fake,
purposely abandoned to trigger off this acceleration ? Every hypothesis may be
considered. One must bear in mind that if such a risk were to exist it would be necessary
to launch on a collision course with an object moving at 40 km/s; a conventional
propulsion would be useless because the shot would next Ihave to turn around to travel.in
 convoy with the target. It would then have to bore a pathway with an antimatter spurt of
 several kilometres to go and explode a payload of several thousand megatons at the
 centre of the object in order to transform it into debris each less than one meter in
 diameter, which would burn out in the atmosphere. Are the shots fired at Jupiter and Io
 and Europa part of such a plan?
 As a matter of fact, we know nothing about our Solar System and the future of our Earth
 Here in France, our group has received more than one telephone call warning of
 approaching comets, the messages each time including accurate perihelion dates long
 before the objects could be detected by Earth-bound. telescopes.


About anti-gravitation.

Research in theoretical cosmology which we have published, inspired by information
received through alien contacts, has led us to build a cosmological model based on two
universes, which develops ideas put forward by Andrei Sakharov in 1976 : the twin
universe cosmology. We believe the latter also to have been in contact with aliens. Just
read the strange end terms of his speech, which was read by his lady friend Helena
Bonaire in Sweden on receiving the Nobel Prize. This model consists of a two-fold
universe or double-universe. Australian researchers Foot and Volkas today follow a
similar path, calling it "mirror-universes" (papers publisird in Physics Review). We have
shown that the "apparent mass" of the "twin universe" was negative, i.e. twin matter
repels ours while two particles of twin matter attract each other, in accordance with
Newton's law. This repulsion explains the re-acceleration of the expansion of our
universe, while it slows down the expansion of the twin.
When interstellar vessels cruise over huge distances, they use the twin as a sort of
"express subway". In this universe, which is extremely rarefied in regions adjacent to
ours, distances are shortened and the speed of light is high. This makes space travel
possible, subject to the principle: "it is illegal to exceedl the speed of light of the universe
 in which one is travelling". One American research team is working on an idea based on
 attempting locally to modify the value of the speed of light; the "warp driving concept".
 Our approach is different and far more advanced. With the help of aliens, it has taken us
 years just to begin understanding how it works and it would require pages to describe. In
 principle, the vehicle's mass must be transferred to the twin universe. When this operation
 takes place near the Earth, the latter becomes invisible to the craft but acts on it as a
 negative, repulsive mass. If the stations in our universe and in the adjacent region if the
 twin are rapidly alternated, this is not detected by an observer, however in one phase the
 vessel drops under the Earth's attraction, while in the other it rises under the Earth's
 repulsion. Globally this amounts to an apparent cancellation of the vessel's weight,
I


    whichever it's mass may be. This is our interpretation of what people call anti-gravitation.
    We do not know whether aliens have given earthlings the tip about those techniques.


    Conclusion.

    Let us stick to what we know already; we feel highly concerned with Dr. Greer's text. It
    seems clear that a group of humans are holders of elements of science and techniques
    which are far ahead of the rest of the world. How did they acquire this knowledge and
    why ? Is it just a consequence of the crash of an alien craft at Roswell ? Is there some
    much more complex plan behind all this ? Have there been contacts between aliens and
    this group ? What is the agenda of the ones and the others ? Is the hegemony and
    domination of this group of humans over the rest of the planet just the consequence of an
    attempt at helping Humanity to survive the next passage of a swarm of planet fragments?
    We care to know. Becoming conscious, at last, that they are not alone, would men
    acquire some wisdom and, using the technology which makes it possible, turn their planet
    into an Eden?
    Whichever way, we think the time has come to bring those who hold the secrets to come
    clean and such is the meaning of our approach to the Disclosure Project.

                                                                                December 2002
              : "Approche theorique de la suppression des ondes de choc se formant
autour d'un obstacle efile place dans un ecoulement d'argon ionise. Phd n° 233.
Universite de Poitiers, France, 1990.

(                          : "Theoretical analysis of shock wave anihilation by lorentz
force field". International Mill-ID symposium, Pekin 1990.


      Annex 1 : MHD          Annex 2 (other weapons)         Annex 3 (MI-ID torpedo)
