{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:29:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1156911, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124350-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-re-advanced-technology-edgar-fouche-10-21-98.pdf", "source_sha256": "40b7e2025b7dbcbceaf8bcd621c66adc9950ced397b23177c7f98c826422deff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1451, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=.-
To: Steven M. Greer, Dr_ET
Date: 102193, 332-r 7060152402)
Steven,
What do you make of this guy?.
Purdie/Shawcross interviewed him at lenght.
His Email is
but he may be hosille.
Copyright
this article to any newsgroup, web site, or any other
electronic medium.
UFO Triangles...
Theirs or Ours?
Answer: BOTH
It has been rumored for years that the military's black
operations has perfected incredibly advanced gravity-defying
triangular supersecret aerial platforms at least partially
derived from ET technology. It now appears the proof of such
vehicles is to be released in a new book entitler Alien
Rapture - The Chosen By
and Brad
Steiger, due out in late June, 1998 from Galde Press.
Tonight, the world's most exotic and classified aerospace
vehicle could be stealthily hovering somewhere over Phoenix,
Arizona, Gulf Breeze, Fiorida, the country of Belgium, or
your city. It is known as the TR-3B.
Science fiction or fact, you ask? Alien Rapture - The Chosen
byE
details the
astounding government cover-up elected by the MJ-12
committee and reveals for the first time ultra top secret
information about alien technology and reverse engineered
technology we have developed as a result of the recovered
alien artifacts.
The TR-3B iS NOT fiction and was built with technology
available in the mid-1980s or earlier. The triangular shaped
nuclear powered aerospace platform was developed under the
Aurora Program with SDI and black budget monies.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2814, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Aurora Program is a top secret development program for
advanced aerospace vehicles and has been responsible for
development of the hypersonic strategic reconnaissance SR-75
Penetrator which replaced the SR-71 spy plane, and the SR-74
Scramp, which rides piggy-back the SR-75.
The tactical reconnaissance TR-3B's first operational flight
•
was in the early 90s. Technology assuredly developed from
reverse engineering of recovered alien artifacts and
programs such as the SR-74 and SR-75 was used in the TR-3B.
At least three of the billion dollar plus TR-3Bs were flying
by 1994.
The TR-3B vehicle's outer coating is reactive to electrical
timulation and can change color, reflectiveness, and rada
absorptiveness, thus making the vehicle look like a smal
aircraft or a flying cylinder-or even tricking radar
receivers into falsely detecting a variety of aircraft, n
aircraft, or several aircraft at various locations.
A circular, plasma filled accelerator ring called the
"Magnetic Field Disrupter" surrounds the rotatable crew
compartment and is far ahead of any imaginable technology.
Sandia and Livermore laboratories developed the reverse
engineered MFD technology. The government will go to any
lengths to protect this technology.
The MFD generates a magnetic vortex field that disrupts or
neutralizes the effects of gravity on mass within proximity
by 89 percent. This is not antigravity. Anti-gravity
provides a repulsive force that can be used for propulsion.
The MFD creates a disruption of the Earth's gravitational
field upon the mass within the circular accelerator.
The mass of the circular accelerator, and all mass within
the accelerator, such as the crew capsule and the nuclear
reactor, are reduced by almost 90%. This causes the effect
of making a vehicle extremely light and able to outperform
and outmaneuver any craft yet constructed-except, of
course, those UFOs we did not build. The TR-3 is a
reconnaissance platform with an indefinite loiter time.
"Indefinite" because it uses a nuclear reactor for power.
Many sightings of triangular UFOs are not alien vehicles but
the ultra top secret TR-3B. The NSA, NRO, CIA, and USAF have
been playing a shell game with aircraft nomenclature -
creating the TR-3, modified to the TR-3A, the TR-3B, and the
'eir 2, 3, and 4, with suffixes like 'Plus' or 'Minus' adde
on to further confuse the fact that each of these
designators is a different aircraft and not the same
aerospace vehicle. A TR-3B is as different from a Teir 3B as
a banana is from a grape. Some of these vehicles are manned
and others are unmanned.
The TR-3B's propulsion is provided by three multimode
thrusters mounted at each bottom corner of the triangular
platform. The TR-3 is a sub-Mach 9 vehicle until it reaches
altitudes above 100,000 feet-then God knows how fast it can

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1864, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
go!
For: Sightings On The Radio Website,
From: |
:-www.fouchemedia.com
All the following is Copyrighted 1998 by Fouche' Media
Associates
and Exclusive to Jeff Rense - Sightings On The Radio.
5-20-98
To All Those Who Wish To Express Their Opinions
That which I disclosed on the May 15, 1998, exclusive show
on Sightings On The Radio, I now record for clarification
and to provide a stationary target for those who desire to
1. The new MJ-12 Document was received by a person with whom
I had a close personal relationship for 30 years. His
father, at the time, had spent over 20 years with the NSA
and was an ex-military officer prior to that. The
instructions he gave my friend and his son were: "Retype,
remove the names, dates, security classifications, control
numbers, etc." The classification was removed. The
classification header "Ultra Top Secret" was placed there by
myself (and no one else) to insure relevance within the
fictional storyline. The document I was given contained the
year, 1987. The 22 Feb is meaningless and was my addition.
2. IF this is genuinely a Top Secret Document, as I believe
the original was, then let Uncle Sam come forward and
protest the release of this information. I'm game. There is
no proof in this book, not one detail, that will change
anyone's mind. The only smoking gun is the heat researchers
generate amongst themselves. There is no acceptable truth
that will pacify everyone. Those of us who seek to know the
truth were defeated long ago because we fight amongst
ourselves. Some of you who protest the loudest have probably
never even exercised your right to vote. If you have the
3. Concerning the MJ-12 Autopsy report: There were NO NAMES,
NO DATES, NO CLASSIFICATION MARKS, DEVICES, CONTROL NUMBERS,
eic., on the material I received. This document, as 1
received it, was worthless to me and irrelevant for a
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1835, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Roswell Report, The Autopsy Attachment follows
(Received)
(TS-MAJIC/EO) (Added)
PERATION MAJESTIC-12 (Receiver
RELIMINARY ANALYTICAL REPORT (Receive
ATTACHMENT D. (Received)
PART B. (Received)
Section 3. (Received)
Preliminary Autopsy of (Received)
Extraterrestrial Biological Entity (s) (Added)
JULY 1947 (5' added) (Received)
From: Dr.
Chairman National Research
Council Atomic Energy Commission; (Received)
Medical Advisory Board: Physiologist, Biophysicist (Added)
To: President Truman (Received)
Subject: Preliminary autopsy of unidentified
cadavers (multiple). (Received)
Time of death: 2330 hours (approximately) (Received)
Date of death: 4 July 1947 (4' added) (Received)
Tino of Prelimina aly 1547 (added 5) (Received)
Place: Roswell Army Air Force Base, Roswell New Mexico
(Received)
In the following "Autopsy Report" text I received: all the
names, ranks, dates, security classifications and references
were removed, and blank spaces were provided in the
document. (The lengths of the blank spaces is not
significant.) For continuity of the FICTIONAL story I, not
Brad Steiger or anyone else, speculated on the names and
ranks. I challenge anyone to speculate with the blanks and
find a consensus among any group. I apologize for any
confusion I may have inadvertantly generated. I have been
totally candid with Jeff Rense, but I could only address one
piece of this material at a time. I had, and have, no
intention of mailing copies to all the opposing or favorable
viewpoints. As planned, more and more information will be
discussed and released on Sighüngs On The Radio. It is my
hope that dissenters will please take a loud and clear stand
now, so that when you are proven wrong, everyone will know
your name. Few people in the military have worked the number
of leading technology programs or held the number of
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
positions I've had. (See attached biographical data -ed). I
previously stated, and continue to state, that the MJ-12
documents are THIRD-HAND. The technology I've spoken of and
written about is SECOND-HAND, I am just a conduit for
information, and a writer who has presented all this
material in a fiction story so that it would make sense to
the average reader who is not, and does not purport to be,
an expert.
AUTOPSY REPORT TEXT AS RECEIVED
WITH BLANK SPACES INTACT
The purpose of this preliminary postmortem examination is to
determine the causes and manner of death, the origin of the
entities, and the type of biological lifeform. Doctor
- is assisted by a noted forensic pathologist, Dr.
, an Air Force pathologist,
• Mortuary Affairs officer, and an
anthropologist,
- Security
personnel are stationed throughout the hospital and outside
the operating room. Lt. General -
commander of
Secretary
-, are witnesses
and will hand carry the report of the initial autopsy to the
President of the United States. Unidentified debris of
of Roswell by a local —,
witnessed by his -
- and -
-. An
early morning aerial search resulted in discovery of
partially intact and severely damaged unidentifiable
aerospace vehicle and unidentifiable bodies on — July
1947. An intelligence officer, -
-
• of the 509th Bomb Group Intelligence Office wa
he first official of the government to recover debris fron
the incident. Counter Intelligence officer,
_, of Air Intelligence (—),
monto rever ad brite was
witnessed and assisted Major Marcel. Debris will be
subsequently transferred to Wright Field in Dayton Ohio,
Sandia -
Classified Location -
→ The
bodies appear identical in appearance disregarding the
damage sustained. One body appears to be undamaged and the
other four are severely damaged from the trauma of the
crash, exposure, and predators. The cadavers support a
disproportionately large cranium and appear to be
mongoloid/oriental by loose comparison. Each is clothed in a
single piece metallic material of unusual strength while
remaining soft and pliable. No -
- available
can cut or pierce the material. The material has a dull
sheen and is silver in color. Four bodies have external
dermal abrasions and carbonized areas around the face and
cranium. The one piece clothing on two of these bodies has
separated in sections that run along a seam from under the
arm down to the feet. Another seam with partial opening runs
from the neck down the back to the buttocks. The bodies have
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2366, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
been stored in a cooler at the base and transferred to the
base infirmary for the postmortem. The undamaged body is
other bodies are near freezing in temperature and all the
constant 38 degrees. Some sort of chemical action or
reaction continues to take place in the undamaged body in
order to produce the 89.3 degree Fahrenheit temperature.
(autodegredation -bio- decomposition) I have ordered each of
the four damaged bodies be placed in a hermetically sealed
container (Note: deleted by myself: "or -
-")
(End of excerpted sample)
Biographical/Professional Data Of_
was born in rural south-central
Georgia to flith generation French-Americans.
<and many
generations of his relatives have historically been involved
with the government and military in fields of intelligence,
black programs, crypto, secure communications, and
classified development projects.
This is true as far back as the French revolution.
yas the Prime Minister under Napoleon, the head of
his secret or national police force and a direct ancestor of
started and controlled the
world's first professionally organized intelligence agency.
The CIA, KGB, MI-5, Mossad, etc., used and expanded on his
methods of intelligence gathering, networking information,
and political survival. Some French historians consider him
a scoundrel-because he survived many of his leaders,
including Napoleon and the King of France, instead of going
down with the ship, so to speak. The current Fouche's are
proud of being descended from the Free French who opposed
slavery, at great financial and personal expense, before and
during the Civil War.
The
family moved from city to city trequently during
Edgar's childhood. After leaving Americus Georgia, they
ettled for a few years in San Antonio, Texas. Yes, the mov
• S.A. from Georgia in "Alien Rapture." that little Joe
Green experienced really happened as written. Go figure?
mother's family, the Rothschilds- Russells, are of
French-German heritage and his grandfather Russell was a
Nazarene preacher.
graduated from Longview high school in East Texas,
where he was a Thespian, an Honor student, a member of the
Student Council, and on the football team. The Vietnam war
into the tragic political vortex.
attending Kilgore College and working as a machinist making
nilitary drafted a record high number of voung men into the
services, one of which was E
6
•

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2540, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
went to Lackland AFB for Air Force basic training
where he volunteered for Pararescue Training. Pararescuemer
jump out of helicopters to rescue downed pilots, usually
under fire in a hot zone. He fractured his ankle before jump
school at the Fort Benning and was then shipped off to
Keesler AFB, Mississippi.>
year of electronics, communications, intelligence, and
cryptological schools. During the years 1967-1974, Edgar was
stationed or worked at many Tactical Air Command (TAC), Air
Training Command (ATC) bases, and Pacitic Air Command Air
Forces (PACAF) bases. He was at Kadena AFB Okinawa; Udorn
AFB Thailand; Ben Hoi AFB Vietnam, and spent anywhere from a
day to a month at many other South East Asian military
bases.
He attended the University of New Mexico, the Air Force
College, and the University of Maryland. He received degrees
in Electronics and Avionics Technology from the Air Force
and a BS in Business. Somewhere along the line, Edgar joined
the Masonic Lodge, became a licensed diver, and received
pilot training.
With his training and experiences in intelligence, special
operations, black programs, and cryptologicial areas, he
received other government opportunities. Edgar filled
positions as Major Command (MAJCOM) Liaison, Headquarters
manager, and DoD factory representative for Tactical Air
Command, Strategic Air Command, Air Training Command, and
Pacific Air Forces following the Vietnam war. As a manager
of defense contractors, he dealt with classified "black"
programs developing state-of-the-art Electronic
Countermeasures, Cryptological, Avionics, and Satellite
Communications Test Equipment.
participated as a key member in design, development,
producion, and Flight-Operational-Test and Evaluation
(FOT&E) in Aircraft development programs, state-of-the-art
avionics, electronic countermeasures, satellite
communications, cryptological and automatic test equipment
(ATE).
During his military career,
was "hand picked"
(Development Cadre) for many of the Air Force's newest
fighter and bomber development programs. He was cadre for
the F-111 (General Dynamics) swing-wing fighter-bomber at
Edwards, Cannon, Plattsburg, and Mt. Home AFBs; the F-15
(McDonnel Dougles) Eagle air superiority fighter at Nellis
and Kadena AFB, the A-10 (Fairchild) Wart-hog close air
support fighter at Edwards AFB, the B-1 (Rockwell and GD) at
Edwards AFB, the F-16 (General Dynamics) Falcon fighter at
Kadena AFB.
His involvement with black programs developing stealth
aircraft is classified.
s perhaps the only person who
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1804, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
During his career, he was awarded the Air Force Meritorious
Service Medal three times, the Air Force Commendation medal
twice, the Presidential Unit Award, the Vietnam Service
Medal with Valor, the Air Force Excellence Award, and the
A.F Outstanding Unit Award. He received numerous other
awards, decorations, and honors during his military career.
He was considered an Air Force expert with classified test
equipment for cryptological equipment owned by the NSA,
electronic counter measures and tactical jamming avionics
and satellite communications. He has worked with many of the
leading aircraft and test equipment manufacturers in the US.
Edgar performed as a civilian Engineering Program Manager
and Site Manager for DOD contractors involved in classified
research, electronic engineering, logistics support, and
technical data development from 1987-95.
is now CEO of Fouche' Media
Associates. He has written "Alien Rapture - The Chosen" and
leveloped a revolutionaly software product called Neurosync
M.I.M.E. (copyright 1998 - Fouche' Media Associates as seen
on Fouchemedia.com
The following stunning document, partially displayed here,
is excerted with permission from Alien Rature: The Chosen by
The book is being
ublished by Galde Press and will be available in late June
For further details, see the primary story about the TR-3B.
• 1998. All Rights
Reserved. The following is reproduced under contract with
- ouche' Associates. It is forbidden to reproduce or post any
of this report or the copyrighted graphics appurtenant to
this article to any newsgroup, web site, or any other
NEW MJ-12 Charter. Document was obtained in 1995, before
Alien Autopsy was aired, original doc copyrighted as
Abductors...
ULTRA TOP SECRET MJ-12EYES ONLY Page 01 of 03
PRESIDENTIAL ORDER
(Unnumbered Order)
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1973, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
President
(Authorized бу Proxy)
REVISED CHARTER
MARS JUPITER - TWELVE COMMITTEE
February 22, 1987
ULTRA TOP SECRET MJ-12EYES ONLY Page 01 of 03
ULTRA TOP SECRET MJ-12EYES ONLYPage 02 of 03
Presidential Order, February 22, 1987 By virtue of the
authority vested in me as Chairman of the Mars Jupiter -
Twelve Committee, an Ultra Secret Committee established by
President Truman, with full consent of the permanent voting
members of the Mars-Jupiter Twelve Committee, this
Presidential Order by Proxy is established and ordered as
follows:
1. CHARTER: There is hereby established the strategic group
of key government personnel called the Mars Jupiter - Twelve
Committee (referred to as, MJ-12) with authority to take any
action, to the maximum extent possible, in relation to
Foreign or Alien data, materials, information, technology,
artifacts, and Extraterrestrial Biological Entities (EBE),
all hereafter referred to as Foreign Artifacts (FA), which
may bear upon the national security of the United States of
America. Amendments to this Charter, and Foreign Artifacts
materials and information shall be classified to the highest
levels available to the US Government. The MJ-12 committee's
actions and directives will be referred to as "The Program"
outside the MJ-12 membership. The MJ-12 Committee shall have
sole United States governmental authority to direct each FA
aspect or substance, and to make such FA available to the
President and/or to each member of the MJ-12 committee, ano
to such departments and officials of the Government as MJ-12
nairman may determine; and to carry out, when requested b
1e MJ-12 Chairman such supplementary activities as ma
the US Constitution.
2. CONTROL: The several departments and agencies of the
Government and Department of Defense, as identified by the
MJ-12 Committee, shall be notified by Departmental Directive
to consider any FA as highly classified and alert the DoD
Foreign Technology Division (FTD) immediately on the

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 933, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
occasion of any incident, happenstance, or encounter with
FA. Directives will be developed by the MJ-12 Committee, the
DoD, the DIRNSA and the President, as determined by the
MJ-12 Chairman, detailing coordination; handling,
ransportation, isolation, quarantine, security, research
torage, and disposal of any and all aspects of FA; maki
available to the MJ-12 Chairman any and all such reports of
FA, or any other pertinent (undefined) requests relating to
national security as may be requested from this date
ULTRA TOP SECRET
MJ-12EYES ONLY
Page 02 of 03
•
ULTRA TOP SECRET
MJ-12EYES ONLY
Page 03 of 03
The MJ-12 Committee Chairman has the authority to make any
decision, without regard to Civil or Federal law, or take
ury action in order to provide for national security of the
Sections 3, 4, and 5 of this stunning document will be
Closend in the fortcoming book "Alien Rapture: The
Sightings HomePage
====== End Part 4'====
10
