{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:57:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1778404, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124483-witness-11008-peace-in-space-russia.pdf", "source_sha256": "c0f6119d5cd5fb79562962fa27489c6d3e93855477d6c7ef94345b81bad7eac1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1198, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
%
Psychologist, psychoanalyst
Communicating With An Extraterrestrial
English subtitles
In the early 90-ies there was a completely
unforgettable, interesting meeting of earthlings with
creatures of an extraterrestrial civilization. According to the decision of certain
organizations, in one of the central parts of Russia,
specially trained people met with
extraterrestrial civilizations, previously,
naturally, having agreed, having previously, of
course, received permission. There was a
long enough story for having this meeting happened. And when that happened, a group of
eight people, also the people accompanying this group, along with the TV group,
which then had the name "White Crow", were brought to one place.
And from this place we walked for about 30-40
minutes deep into the forest.
Everyone was in an anxious state: thinking about their own things... And after a while
in the forest, we suddenly saw a huge, very
regular-shaped circular clearing. What was it
so remarkable for? Why did it seem so amazing? And the fact was that there were trees and
shrubs in the clearing - in general,
all vegetation was in one direction. In one direction. And there was an impression that all
this

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1750, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
was made of plasticine: not a single twig, not a single leaf was plucked from these plants.
Isn't it amazing? We stood there, dumbfounded. We realized that we had come to the place.
But the anxiety that
was inside us, did not leave, and naturally,
in this state, we did not even know what to do next.
Two people from the group were introduced by a small push in the back into this circle,
into this clearing.
There happened quite an interesting phenomenon. It immediately felt alright, it
immediately felt
comfortable, immediately felt calm. This was amazing! Out of the clearing, there is one
state, in three to four seconds,
began to ering the clearing, the stato became magnificently amazing! Being inside this state, ve
information that, frankly, was recorded. Yes, we have prepared for this meeting. There was
much information,
different sorts of it. But I remember very well not even the information itself, but the state
we were receiving the information in - a very memorable state of goodness!.. Absolutely
amazing! There was an impression that we were somewhere about 15-20 minutes inside
the glades,
and then with the same light push we were taken out of this area, and again the state
changed.
Well, of course, the people who came with us, who were outside the circle,
they smiled when they saw us - that we were alive, that we were safe, that we
were in a completely beautiful psychic state.
Physiological, too. In parallel to all
this, the TV team was constantly shooting.
But let me get ahead of myself and say that when they began to develop their films, they
had absolutely nothing.
It didn't work out. For what reason, I don't know.
Nothing left - not a single frame! Well, we're off
from this place back, and somewhere, perhaps,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1731, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20 metres out of the place (maybe less) or so
I guess I looked back... Yes, they say, don't you look back at the past.... Don't look back as
Noah's wife did...
I turned around and saw two people. But in fact, they were - in principle - people in tight
clothes.
Black jumpsuits, shiny. The only difference was that they were significantly taller -
it is absolutely certain that it is more than two meters: two 30, two and a half,
approximately. About this...
I'm seeing them now... And their look... When a human looks, he radiates energy, and
there was no energy in their look. It was just a look... That's how I remember these two
people. After a while
I want to say that I began to interact
with the extraterrestrials, with the creatures of this
civilization. This continued for two years. The way we communicated with each other was
so remarkable!
So human, and so kind that I wish people on Earth could communicate in this way in fact!..
There were various questions from both sides. Everything was interesting enough.
I now recall that I asked them: "What is your children's first toy (or toys) there?"
There was a long pause... On the word "toys"... And then there was the answer: "Yours will
have a computer with two keyboards."
Interesting. I remember that I spelled "camputer" -
I spelled it wrong. I love Russian very much
and I don't like when they make spelling mistakes, to be honest, in Russian, but then I made
an error myself.
I, looking ahead, will say that 6-7 years ago, the Japanese invented a toy for children 2-3
years old -
a computer with two keyboards. We could probably
talk like this for the rest of our lives, to be honest -
nothing bothered us. But
the circumstances were such that it only went on for

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1639, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
two years, and we didn't talk to each other that often -
maybe it was about, well, once every six weeks.
Yes. But I still remember it, because the warmth that remained in my soul, the warmth that
they gave birth in my heart, of course, it's worth a lot really. And if we, the people of Earth,
would be able
to do this, or, I would say, if there was an opportunity for us to interact so easily and simply
with beings
of extraterrestrial civilizations, I think everyone would be happy. It is the unity of good, it
is the unity that brings light
goodness on Earth and
to us, and to them at the same time, and continues the strengthening of Life, Love and
so on - there's a lot to talk about - it's actually embedded in us, it's inside us.
This is what we should strive for, because at this moment in time, we can say that this is
what we're going for anyway.
There are many obstacles, or
many obstacles are being put up - I don't know how to say it correctly, -
but nevertheless, there will be a process of reunification with the Cosmos. I do not know
when or how it will manifest.
Really, it will just be some kind of meeting and telepathic reception of information easily?
How will humans
get along with these extraterrestrial beings? It's hard to say right now, but it will definitely
happen, and I want to
to say that this will only strengthen the connection, and God grant that all this happens as
quickly as possible.
People must realize that the Cosmos is not evil, the Cosmos, on the
contrary, is Love and good. And I think that
humanity will wake up and come to this literally in the next ten to twenty years. Thank you
very much.
-
