{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T18:58:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1834585, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124487-anatoliy-petrovich-sitnov-peace-in-space-russia.pdf", "source_sha256": "dd5c1f94f2457ed6177989704ef3b86748e524362a751c784ff4697ef6b9cf8d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2873, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SITNOV
Colonel-General (retired)
Former Armaments Chief of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation (1994-
2000)
Laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation
President, Chairman of the Board of Directors of "Helicopter Complexes and
Multifunctional Systems", LLC
Academician of Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, Academy of Engineering Sciences,
s Academy, Academy of Military Sciences, Academy of Quality, Academy of
Geopolitical Problems
Member-correspondent of the Russian Academy of Missile and Artillery Sciences
Unacknowledged
English subtitles
I wanted to say that in 1972, you may remember, the first Treaty on the Limitation of
Strategic Offensive Arms was signed. Few people remember these figures, but they stopped at 10
thousand nuclear weapons, which also had to be reduced, brought to 3500. These were strategic
warheads, but there were also tactical warheads that exceeded several tens of thousands.
So the decommissioning and recycling program has begun. And then a whole cohort of
unidentified flying objects appeared over strategic missile bases, over the bases of strategic
submarines, over the arsenals where nuclear ammunition was stored. And in 1978, there was a
directive that required us to collect data on these events. I was there generalizing this data. And it
is very interesting to observe, if, for example, out of all the cases, at least 10-15% were real events,
then this was already a big statistic. Well, our people in general are not afraid of anything, they are
not shy about anything, including the arrival of UFOs.
Near Kharkiv there was an arsenal of ammunition and missiles, which contained nuclear
ammunition. In February 1979, a flying saucer arrived. The sentry, who was standing on the tower,
fell into a stupor, but managed to press the signal. The fire brigade arrived, which also did not
reach the area where the flying saucer stopped. As described by these people - everything was
registered, recorded, sketched - from the UFO came 3 representatives with a height of 3.2-3.5 m
in white suits with suitcases. They went to the storage room where the nuclear warheads were
placed.
What was the reason for their appearance? The temperature on the first nuclear warhead
was 2-3 degrees higher than it should be, and you know that the stability of the nuclear warhead is
the main guarantee of safety. An hour later, they left. Everyone stirred, the stupor passed. They
started taking pictures. The track of 1 of these representatives was 57 cm long. Now you see, this
is not just growth, this is the main characteristic of these people.
Kargat Arsenal, Novosibirsk region. A hairy representative of the "otherworld" comes into
the guardhouse (the guard shift is all frozen), pours himself water from the tank... He drank and
left. Everyone rushed to the window to watch. He turned, waved his hand, and vanished.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2900, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So we always say, where do they come from? I think that soon we will understand that
there is a concept of collapsed time, parallel worlds, etc. But we must think that it is wrong to
attribute to the monkey the capabilities that these creatures possess. In principle, after this event,
we began to count on the fact that they have telepathy, psychophysical influences and control of
consciousness. Of course, no monkey has it.
Similar events took place in Komsomolsk-on-Amur. Events that are associated with the
upcoming launches and the possibility of failure of missile systems, always gave rise to the arrival
of UFOs. It is very interesting: you can look at the fragments of the Chelyabinsk meteorite, and
you will understand who and how shot it down, and it immediately becomes clear that our world
is protected quite clearly and quite rigidly.
In 1945, on the instructions of Stalin, research and retrieval groups were organized. When
our troops crossed the border of the Soviet Union, many of these research groups were engaged in
collecting information and all that was there accumulated in Germany. One of these groups was
headed by Pavel Nikolaevich Kuleshov, a major general, at that time the commander of the
"Katyushas". He had engineers, scientists, and scouts in his group and collected everything from
new inventions, to new technologies, new materials, and new processing systems.
Thus, we got 2 flying saucers, fl and f2 rockets, anti-aircraft fire control devices, and so
on. So Kuleshov, when all this business was transferred, in June 1945, headed the rocket faculty
of the Dzerzhinsky Academy, later he was my boss. From 1962 to 1983 - the period I am
describing - I was under his leadership.
In March 1941, on Hitler's instructions, the Viktor Schauberger vortex engines were
removed from all flying saucers in Germany. A total of 51 flying saucers were built, the last one
weighing 72 tons.
I would like to focus on the Petrozavodsk phenomenon. The Petrozavodsk phenomenon is
a case when the train stopped, and suddenly a UFO appeared, stood in front, hovered over the
electric locomotive and dragged this train for 150 km without stopping. Thank God, they managed
to switch railway switches.
In this regard, it should be noted that we live in a very difficult psychophysical state now.
If you take today's winter, I will not reveal much to you, but it was purely a climate war against
our country. The tectonic war is Bali, it's an earthquake in Chile, it's an earthquake in Haiti. Well,
oddly enough, it all goes from West to East...
But when the Americans worked out the tectonic impact on Fukushima, not one of our
scientists, including Alexander Iosifovich, was allowed to go to Japan. Therefore, the world is now
beginning to be governed by a slightly different force, and we need to concentrate our efforts on
further developing the ideas that we have here. Thank you!
