{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T18:17:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 653224, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124401-other-intelligent-beings-exist-monsignor-balducci-italy.pdf", "source_sha256": "eed4d27438d93f489c780947b0d25407be8da01f6a46aa32fb775cc2642ea4e2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 607, "chars": 3864, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interview with XXXXX
XXA
"Other intelligent beings exist"
The reality of the UFO phenomenon and its theological implications: using reason, extraterrestrials are
here. A glimpse of their nature and a mention of the Third Secret of Fatima.
by XXxx
XXX
(translated from Italian by 2
XI)
I met Monsignor X
Xi at the Second Ufological Conference of Ancona, entitled "Alien
civilizations: between doubt and reason" on 17 April 1999. XXX a demonologist of the Vatican is
a very open person with a pleasant manner who is quite well known in the ufological circuit for
having openly declared that he believes in the possibility that extraterrestrial intelligences are
interacting with Earth. Are his statements made on behalf of the Vatican? I tried to examine the
religious repercussions of contact with Monsignor Balducci.
where does your interest in extraterrestrial intelligences spring from?
I really became interested in ufology a couple of years ago, even though I started talking about it on
TV about four years ago, in 1995. Actually, it all started in 1959 when I began to devote my time to
studying demonology. As I had to explore fields such as psychiatry and parapsychology, I indirectly
came into contact with topics linked to ufology. I remember that in the Fifties, there was a tendence to
deny at all costs the object of parapsychological studies amongst the public, some scientists and also
amongst us clergymen. They said that there was no basis for acknowledging parapsychology and
phenomena which were called nonsense and fantasy. To put it simply, they denied everything. This
was reflected in ufology, which is linked to other frontier topics. As 1 collected material, I realized that
this generalized denial stemmed from illogical fanaticism. There must be something there, even if you
just use your common sense, and, using reason, the phenomenon is undeniable. Strict criticism goes
against common sense because it goes against the value of human testimonies. In recent years,
accounts of ufological events have greatly increased and yet there are still too many people who tend
to pass everything off as nonsense. Of course, in many cases, natural phenomena for example, may
be wrongly interpreted, but it's absolutely unthinkable to put eveything into that category. Total
scepticism is compeletly unjustified.
And what's happening at the moment in your field?
I've never told anyone this, but I'll tell you: some theologists have said to me "½
what are you
doing, it's all just fantasy! "
, and they were important theologists, not just anyone. Then when
explained my interest, 1 defended it tooth and nail so as to say that it's time to change this attitude
because if we go on like this, we'll end up weakening and destroying the value of human testimonies.
This is what worries me because human testimonies are the basis for our life as an individual, our life
of extraordinary events that happen today. It's obvious that we must prove that every affirmation is
based on credible foundations. Above all, I decided to get involved in ufology in order to defend
human testimonies.
On various occasions you have said that the occupants of UFOs could be more
highly evolved spiritually than we are.
I must start by saying that angels do not use spaceships. As purely spiritual beings, they are where
they want to be and if they wanted to show themselves, they wouldn't have any trouble taking on
visible forms. So, when we talk about extraterrestrials, we have to think either of beings like us or,
preferably, other types of beings who always combine a spiritual part with a material part, a body,
even though they have a different relationship compared with us terrestrial humans.
Nowadays, science accepts the existence of forms of life in the cosmos, even
though it doesn't want to take into account the fact that these intelligences could

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 664, "chars": 3955, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
already be here in our planetary sphere, at least in an obvious form. How does
theology tackle this problem?
Upinions in favour of the habitability of other worlds are held not only by secular scientists, but also
theologists and people who died and were made saints like XXXX, The book written in 1974 by
the priest DXXX*XXXXo, "Così parlò Padre Pio" ("Thus Spoke Padre Pio"), says that someone
in Padre Pio's confraternity asked him "Father, I thought Earth was nothing compared to the stars and
all the other planets"
• it eric his gong to this ile.
', to which Padre Pio replied "Yes, and if we leave the Earth we are nothing. The
Lord certainly didn't restrict his glory to this little planet. On other planets, there will be beings
without sin.". I can also mention CardinalXXXXX
from which we are authorized to exlude the existence of beings, who may even be different to us"
Woe Jesuit sur ostrous as inhabited desers And 1 03-156 ande is a course, conside one
'. And I could go on and on. Of course, we still don't
have scientific confirmation of this particular issue. However, in the field of theology and the
Scriptures we can make some observations. As God's power is limitless, it is not only possible but
also likely that inhabited planets exist. In fact, there 1s a great ditterence between angels, who are
purely spiritual beings, and ourselves, who are made of spirit and matter and whose soul is limited in
its actions by the abilities of the body itself. This is explained by the axiom that Nature doesn't take
jumps. And so it's likely that the distance between us and angels is reduced by beings who, although
they have a body, maybe a more perfect one, have a soul which is less conditioned in its evolution.
Probably, not only is this possible and likely but, in my opinion, also desirable. In a not so distant
Some researchers think that this already happened in the past.
That's an interesting point. It's arguable that these beings have been protecting and helping us for a
creation, no world exists which doesn't refer to Christ, as everything is under the influence of the
divine Word and His glory. And no glory is possible without the existence of intelligent beings who
can understand it. In any case, it's absurd to think that the only form of intelligence is our own. Uther
intellectual forces, different to the human one and constructed with a different type of structure is not
only possible, but extremely probable.
Is your research personal or is it on behalf of the Vatican?
It's personal.
Twenty years ago,
Father XXXXX
XXX spoke publicly in favour of the UFO
phenomenon. Was it personal research for him too!
This research is absolutely personal. The Vatican doesn't decide anything. We aren't told "study this
or study thai but it gives great freedom of action to individuals. The Vatican will be pleased when it
Knows that XXX
X too has spoken about ufology. We don't work according to specific orders,
absolutely not.
In your opinion, what are the possible implications of the phenomenon for our
current civilization or for the near future, if we acknowledge a possible interaction
between man and extraterrestrial intelligences?
That's a question which leads me to think that it would be better it we knew what these beings are
like. I have already gone into this and I justified my opinion with "likely". What you want to know
depends on whether they are interior or superior to us. It they are like us, there wouldn't be many
implications, as they could have a civilization on the same level as our own. It would be different if
they were superior beings. In that case a lot of presuppositions could change.
According to some studies, visions of the Blessed Virgin Mary are connected to the
UFO phenomenon. Some associated phenomena seem to be of a ufological nature.
What do you think?
It's absolutely out of the question. For pity's sake, Our Lady can do what she wants, and definitely
doesn't need a UFO.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 2909, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Two years ago, an article was published in 'Il Messagero' which quoted some of
your statements about a nuclear war and a celestial cataclysm which will happen
within ten years.
That was a sensationalist article. The truth is, I said that they are two risks we are running. The
nearest is a nuclear world war, a danger that's more real when there are two powers involved. So, 1
speculated on who could be a possible opponent for America, and I said China or the Arab world, but
I didn't mean that this would happen tomorrow. I pointed out that for near future I meant around
2030. China first has to develop its commerce and industry to the point where it has enough military
power to involve the West in a future war. (At the time of the interview, the war in Kosovo was
already under way - Ed). The danger could also be that Russia, being in a destitute state, has already
sold arms, technology and people to Third World countries. But I think that however small a country
is, it thinks before dropping an atomic bomb on the USA. And what do you think the other, more
distant danger is?
An asteroid hitting Earth.
• hadn't thought of that. 1 was actually relerring to an ecological crisis which is growing because ol
he increase in pollution which is faster than any human corrective measure. But of course I'm nol
talking about only surviving ten years.
Staying with this issue, in an edition of the magazine 'Visto' three years ago, you
partly confermed the text of the Third Secret of Fatima which has been around for
Yes. There are two things in the Third Secret of Fatima. Everyone noticed the first, but very few
noticed the second. The first telis of a nuclear war before the end of the millenium. From the context.
that's clear. In fact, the text talks about the use of arms that are more powerful than a thousand suns.
It's clear what arms are intended if we look at what the text goes on to say: "the living will envy the
dead'. This means that the people who survive the nuclear weapons will suffer from radiation. The
other, less known aspect, is the doctrinal crisis of the Church. Three years ago, I was interviewed by
Canadian TV. I said: "Yes, the Madonna of the Third Secret of Fatima says this, but no-one has
noticed that she first says that it will happen if mankind doesn't mend its ways."
'. So its all
conditioned by this previous remark. But I am optimistic. We, as people, can influence the realization
of a prophecy, change the date and the intensity of the prophesied events and mitigate them. The
renewal of spirituality in the young is a good omen. I mean to say, spirituality based on the rules of
the Church.
Do you believe that non-terrestrial intelligences could intervene in a possible future
cataclysm?
I've already said that it's possible for these beings to come to the aid of mankind. Anyway, we
shouldn't expect help from anyone, it has to be us who change and mature.
