{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T16:57:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2939985, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124485-witness-11009-peace-in-space-russia.pdf", "source_sha256": "d3df1b3b52bf2ce167d27ddd84e82d94daef7f18ded7822cf43dec6c45137688"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2897, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enough Weapons!
English subtitles
My name is
I am the president of the scientific Foundation
"Intelligence and Survival", Doctor of Economics. My field of professional activity is forecasting,
systems analysis, intelligence and intellectual property. I have devoted my whole life to these
problems. Now I can call myself a system analyst, whose object of study is a phenomenon that is
slowly gaining more and more importance, attention - the phenomenon of Intelligence, that is, the
ability of human brains, human communities to create something useful and necessary out of
emptiness - out of nothing, it would seem.
This is the creativity of the human population that has been driving the world for the past
200-250 years. Such a situation that arose in the second half of the twentieth century (and now we
have moved into the 21st) has not yet occurred on the globe. What is the phenomenon? The
phenomenon is that humanity has now learned to put all the forces of nature at its service through
its - well, this is called in science "technologos", that is, scientific and technological progress. But
this is not enough. Few people notice that everything - all the achievements of humanity in all
epochs, in all ages: just learned to melt steel - here are arrows, here are pikes, here are sabers...
That is, all the achievements of humanity for some reason are primarily aimed at destroying their
own kind.
The question arises: what kind of civilization is this, in which all achievements are aimed
at the destruction of their own kind? What is this civilization of cannibals, adelphophages,
intraspecific murders? What kind of civilization is this?
Well, it wasn't that noticeable before. Because people were born, there were epidemics,
wars, but somehow it all went its own way, so to speak. Over the 20th century, humanity has
increased in number 7 times and reached seven billion people who live on Earth. Although the
question still arises: who counted them and how? Where is the scientific and technological
progress directed, where are all the efforts of human civilization directed? I'm asking: where is all
this directed? We now have the Internet, we have a planetary connection, humanity has gone into
space, launched satellites; people are in space. We are already mastering, well, not that we are
mastering - the tools that are made by man are already ploughing... Well, they are not ploughing,
but are on Mars, on the Moon... Now another piece of news has emerged. It turns out that humanity
already wants to bring weapons into space. We don't have enough space here, we need not only to
develop or get natural resources - from the Moon, for example, there is a lot of, in my opinion,
selenium or something else (I'm not a big geologist). That is, the main idea is this: to conquer,
master, extract and deliver to Earth in some of our own interests. The question arises: is there not

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 746, "chars": 4312, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
enough space on Earth, or is the Earth so very bad? Or the question arises again, when they say
that you need to master Mars... And I have a question: why do you need to explore Mars, what
have you forgotten there? Or the Moon...
That is, we can see an absolutely unambiguous, very unpleasant trend now, in particular,
the placement of weapons into space. As soon as the weapons are launched into space, a
fundamentally new situation will arise. Fundamentally. Why? Not only that, you can place a bomb,
a nuclear weapon, throw it on any city, on any: Moscow, New York, well, you name it... Because
in stationary orbits, the satellite hangs constantly and quietly and evenly there, so it hangs and
threatens with a finger: do not do this, but do this, otherwise I will throw it at you now... But it's a
sort of a project. But the most unpleasant thing about this launch of weapons into space and in
general in space exploration is, among other things, something else.
The fact that already in the middle of the 20th century, work was carried out on the territory
of Russia, as a result of which the discovery was registered. The discovery that showed that not
only is there a biosphere, according to Vernadsky, that is, it is a living shell of the planet, there is
a living substance that is different from inert matter. Well, you and I are also living matter. But
not only that, field life forms have been discovered, without which no living being can exist. I will
not tell you this for a long time, I will just say one thing: field life forms are basic energies, on the
basis of which instrumental entry into consciousness can be carried out. Instrumental is not in the
sense of cutting your head with a scalpel, putting something in there - no, that's not the point. That
is, the consciousness of a person can be changed due to the energies, due to this field substrate.
And then here is a satellite... Before we were afraid of the fact that it hangs there and
carries an atomic bomb that will destroy everything here - now this satellite can be equipped with
a design that shoots at a certain territory. If it is a stationary satellite, then it is 300 kilometers of
view, and in this territory all living things, all living beings with brains that think of something,
they can be brought to a completely different state of life. Well, let's say it can be an immersion in
a lethargic dream. No need to kill anyone - why kill, spill blood!.. Either everyone will become
morons, or they will not understand that two and two is four, or they will not understand that the
Earth is round, and not flat... By the way, now a lot of people do not understand this either: that
the Earth is round, and that the Earth revolves around the Sun. This is the discovery that was made
on the territory of Russia in 1972 by the Academician Kaznacheyev. It's like a transition. This is
about the same as when people discovered that, it turns out, not the Sun revolves around the Earth,
but the Earth revolves around the Sun - this is about the same class of discovery.
If you think that everyone knows about it, and everyone understands what it is, you are
deeply mistaken. Very few people know this. Why? Because this is the very thing that at the
expense of energy, information systems, it is absolutely elementary to change a person's
consciousness. What does that mean? This means that you can change the behavior. If you want,
you will give birth to 10 children, or maybe you would want not a single child at all. And you will
walk, only watch on TV, play with an iPad, and so on. This placement of weapons in space is the
first step.
At the same time, we understand that a weapon is something that explodes. I insist that the
weapon is not only something that explodes, but it is something that affects. And I think you'll
agree with me!
And if we take the living planet Earth, which is located in an infinite and living Outer
Space, then there has recently been some very strange position that we are allegedly threatened by
aliens... Here they are invading with their UFOs, they are here, or they will come... We can't think
of anyone in the vast cosmos to be friendly. No, everyone is just like us: everyone wants to kill,
everyone wants blood, everyone wants to rip their heads off, everyone wants to conquer space...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 774, "chars": 4280, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And no one thinks about whether this is really the case? And they also love to arrange
protection from aliens. As if aliens are the most important enemies of our human civilization. What
kind of enemies are they, if no one has ever seen them? Don't you think that this is something out
of a series of mind-altering actions to create another danger zone to fight against? And what does
it mean to fight? To fight, it means, first of all, to invest money, and, naturally, big money. Not
The second point is that no one has abolished globalism. No one has yet said that 10 billion
people need to live on Earth. And why do you want (or is there someone who wants) it to be 1
billion? Don't you think that the energy of human brains and minds is also a resource without
which the planet cannot live in the modern world? Well, meaning by the planet the humanity that
lives on it. So now that they have come up with a new horror story in the form of aliens, I have a
question: do you really think that extraterrestrials are entities like people with hands, with legs,
with some kind of oblique eyes, how do they draw them? Could it be some field form more
reasonable? And if you think in terms of energy, then the Sun seems to be also alive, that is, there
can also be life on it. Most likely, we are now as stupid as those people who thought that the Earth
was flat. Perhaps that's why we can't even imagine that there could be another world.
The Club of Rome, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of its existence, wrote a report
that said: "The old world is doomed.." Think about the wording: "The old world is doomed, the
new world is inevitable." What is it: here we will have elephants walking in the streets?.. What do
these supposedly smartest people, who are often called the elite, want? What do they assume, and
what is the fate of the others? What's that? Isn't that what weapons are being put into space for?
Isn't this what all these superhumanist projects are being made for: to hang up 100 satellites, 1000
satellites, to make the Internet fast, accessible to every inhabitant of the Earth? And I still have a
question: do all people, including me, need this high-speed Internet?
You understand, now'we live in a completely powerful energy flow, which is created by
power lines, factories and plants, cars and so on. After all, if you look at Moscow: the Moscow
ring road... This is a torsion bar, this is a spinning top, in which something is spinning: tons of
metal, in them sits a living substance in the form of the human, conscious, and all this is spinning-
spinning... Does it create some kind of energy? Probably, yes. Is anyone studying this? No. Hence
the question arises: what is this Unknown? Why do we think we know everything, why do we
think we can manage it all? Why do we think that we are the main thing on Earth, that we can
change this world?
Probably, humanity can change this world - it changes it - but we must again return to the
question of how it changes it, and what will come of it. And can the Powers of the Intelligent
Cosmos, since we live on a living planet in the living Cosmos, can they somehow stop all this
outrage of murder? After all, weapons are death, weapons, by the way, do not dig the ground,
weapons are death, this is what brings death and destruction. And what do you think, this can
continue forever?
Here you have the coronavirus, COVID-19 - this is the first warning. The breakaway
glacier of Antarctica, the size of the square of the glorious city of St. Petersburg, is also a question...
The halted Gulf Stream? And who halted it? People did. And what the Intelligent Powers of the
Cosmos will do in response, so to speak, I do not know. No one knows that. No one wants to do
this, everyone says the same thing: "give more money", "give more money"... "Let's destroy half
(or not half, how much is it - more than half?) of the people, and all will be well!"
It will not be well, so we need to think not about weapons in space, but we need to think
about how to study the subtle world, how to study field life forms, how to study new types of
energies. That's when the world will be changed, when new forms of energy will be discovered.
That's when the world will change. Without any "aliens". And without any "UFOs".
