{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:02:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2256748, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124482-timofey-egorov-peace-in-space-russia.pdf", "source_sha256": "574e35bd96a200156dc439e867a2f7da2ca565e63e758c4b70ed7e5ed4a43bf7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1424, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Trainer of cosmonauts at Gagarin Cosmonauts Training Center, Star City, Russia
Association "
X
P, General Director
We Must Change
, English subtitles
Our outstanding Russian scientists Konstantin
Tsiolkovsky, Alexander Chizhevsky, Vladimir Vernadsky -
the founders of Russian Cosmism, representatives of its natural-scientific direction - have
long come to the conclusion,
that our Solar system is
part of the large living organism of the Universe. The Solar system is a cell -
a living cell of the Universe, and this cell, as a part of the whole, must live according to the
laws established by this whole, that
is, by the Universe. So, the cell,
working for the common good, prolongs the life of the entire body, and
therefore of itself. But if the cell refuses
for some reason, to live according to the established
rules of the whole, then the immune system of the body begins its work,
and this cell
is quarantined to prevent infection, disease, virus, located
in it, from spreading further to the entire
body. Humanity is in the same situation now:
it seems to have gone insane... The unprecedented self-centeredness, which is present
in humanity, the appalling consumer
standard of living and aggressive behavior that
humanity demonstrates, do not fit into any framework. Take a look at the events of 2020:
fires,
hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, solar
flares, the Covid-19 pandemic... The Nature itself, the Earth and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 1670, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Cosmos tell us: "Humanity, it's time to stop! It's time for you to come to your senses -
you've gone too far in
your total consumerism, your total egocentrism. If you don't change, you can
destroy both yourself and the planet you live on." Some will say: "Well, there have always
been fires and floods -
these are just natural disasters... It has been even
worse - and we're still there!" That's right: still there...
We should have changed a long time ago. Look
at the amount of anthropogenic waste that is
present in the orbit of the Earth, look at the
number of species of animals, birds, fish, exterminated
through the fault of the human being... Look at the enormous
damage that humanity is causing to the Earth's biosphere,
-
ecology of the planet. The situation is aggravated by constantly
occurring man-made disasters.
Look at the state of the planet's psychosphere, and how people sometimes treat each other,
what values do they promote, what are they
willing to do for their own profit, for the sake of power,
for the money. It even goes so far that some
claim that such qualities as aggression,
hatred, greed, envy, and others like
them are inherent in human nature. Oh, no!
They are not. These qualities form the basis of
egoism - egoism, which like a virus, like a contagion, like
a disease has entangled all of humanity. Egoism, through
individual egos, has penetrated into the bodies of people and controls them,
Controls their behavior, passing off black for white, suffering
for love, betrayal for expediency,
meanness for knowing how to live, and so on. And vice versa.
But it can not go on like this. We must
change, we must heal from egoism. But

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1384, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
how?! Humanity must transform its
egoism, not get rid of it, but transform it.
Because it already has become a part of us, we can't
discard a part of ourselves, but we can transform it,
and use this energy in the right direction:
direct it to creative goals, to enhance our Morality. And through this, our perception of the
world around us
and of ourselves will change.
The attitude of people to each other will change,
the attitude of Humanity to the planet will change, there will be new
knowledge - all that is necessary for the evolution
of Humanity, for its further development and
perfection. It is Ethics and Morality -
and this is confirmed by outstanding scientists, Russian cosmologists - are the key to the
evolution of mankind
and going beyond the planet Earth for further
exploration of the Solar system and the entire Cosmos. Otherwise
we simply will not be allowed there by the Intelligent Powers of the Cosmos. (And they
certainly do exist, regardless of whether you believe in
them, or not.) And our task is to learn to understand each
other, learn to respect each other, show gratitude
to each other and to our planet,
which is our home... And exercise our best
human qualities. After all, who knows what awaits us there, where this bright road leads -
the road to the Future. And, of course, we are not alone in the Universe! But you already
knew that, didn't you?

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1219, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Overview Effect
English subtitles
When another expedition of the International Space Station after
many months in orbit returns
back home, a solemn meeting of the crew is held in Star City. It's a festive
event where the results of the last
expedition are summed up, as well as the crew gives interviews to the media
and lays flowers at the monument to Yuri Gagarin. At
each of these events, we - those who train astronauts
and cosmonauts - are also present. I
I don't remember exactly what the number of the expedition it was,
but the words of one of the astronauts about what was his
strongest impression of being in space, well
etched into my memory. He said: "When you look
at our planet from the ISS, you realize that we-
humanity - are one big family, and there
can be no borders between us, much less enmity and wars, and we
must take care of each other and protect our
planet." What this astronaut experienced is called
"the overview effect". The overview effect is an amazing
mental and psychological phenomenon that
completely changes a person's life. It is associated with
changes occurring in the human mind
while he looks at
our planet Earth with his own eyes from space - whether from aboard the ISS,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1298, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
or from the surface of the Moon. Our planet from space is
instantly presented as a fragile, inhabited
ball of life, hanging in the void and protected
only by a thin layer of atmosphere. The borders
between states and national conflicts
seem insignificant. Before you appears in
full extent the beauty and at the same time the
vulnerability of our planet, and the need to protect
it becomes obvious and obligatory for you.
When Yuri Gagarin, the first cosmonaut of the Earth, made
his first flight into space, he said the following
words: "Flying around the Earth in a satellite ship, I saw,
how beautiful our planet is! People, let's preserve and
multiply this beauty, and not destroy it!" And here are
the words of Edgar Mitchell, American astronaut,
the 6th man on the Moon:
"You develop an instant global consciousness, a people orientation, an intense
dissatisfaction
with the state of the world, and a compulsion to do something about it.
From out there on the Moon, international politics look so petty. You want to grab
a politician by the scruff of the neck and drag him a quarter of a million miles out
and say: "Look at that, you son of a bitch!"
Imagine how the world would change if everyone
of us would have been in space and seen our planet from there, from Space, with our own
eyes!
