{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T18:32:05Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5849153, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124469-mexico-af-ufo-gun-camera-witness-11004-article-2004.pdf", "source_sha256": "aa01e4b8d4be1e1256e29fed11184c2da0e723bb8314c5625e5cbaa24085c652"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1601, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 8
Fice BAL-
INCREDIBLE UFO's CAUGHT ON GUN CAMERA FILM!:
WORLDWIDE EXCLUSIVE FROM RENSE.COM: MEXICAN DEPT OF DEFENSE ACKNOWLEDGES
UFOs IN MEXICO / INCREDIBLE IMAGES CAUGHT ON GUN CAMERA FILM! / UFO'S
WERE CHASED BY MEXICAN AIR FORCE AND THEN THEY CHASED AIR FORCE! / 11
UFOs 'SEEN' WERE RENDERED INVISIBLE USING SOME UNKNOWN CLOAKING DEVICE!
By
Exclusive f
All Rights Reserved / ©2004-Santiago
Yturria
Images © 2004 Courtesy of
Tuesday, May 11, 2004
The UFO Phenomenon in Mexico has been recognized as a fact in an
historic and unprecedent decision taken by the mexican Department of
Defense under his Secretary of Defense General
commander of all armed forces in this country.
The insolit messure that will change history here in Mexico was the
result of a high level incident in which a Mexican Air Force airplane,
nilitary pilots and personal were involved in a situation with several
UFOs while doing a routine suveillance anti-narcotics operation to
detect a drug smuggling flight.
The news was released last night, Sunday May 9, 2004 by Jaime Maussan,
researcher and TV journalist during the TV show "Los Grandes Misterios
del Tercer Milenio" (Great Misteries of the Third Millenium) broadcast
by Mexican TV network Multimedios Television in the city of Monterrey,
N.L.
announced that on Tuesday May 11, 2004 there will be AN
INTERNATIONAL PRESS CONFERENCE to present the case and the investigation
research team in
an unprecedent calaboration. The press conference wil take place at the
Hotel Sevilla Palace in Mexico city at 11:00 AM were all the
Tuesday, May 11, 2004 CompuServe: >

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3271, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 3 of 8
international media representatives have been invited.
Previously on Monday's night an advance report will be broadcast on
national television newscast. ALL THE FACTS AND MATERIALS of the
investigation will be presented at the conference INCLUDING THE OFFICIAL
FOOTAGES by the Air Force as well as interviews with the pilots and
personal involved in the amazing incident.
THE FACTS:
On April 20, 2004
was contacted by a high officer of the
Department of Defense to have a private meeting and discuss a subject of
a high relevant matter. The next day Maussan met General
Secretary of Defense and his major staff and was informed about
an incident that took place on March 5, 2004 on the aerial space of
Cludad del Carmen, Campeche where an Air Force Merlin C26A Bimotor
airplane was doing a routine flight to detect a smuggling drug airplane
during an anti-narcotics operation.
The Merlin C26A was equipped with a high tech advanced digital equipment
to register and record all the activities during the operation. Powerful
sensor detectors like a FLIR STAR ZAPPHIR Il and a RADAR AN/PS 143 BRAVO
VICTOR 3 were being used by qualified personal aboard the airplane and
all the operation was being recorded both in normal and infrared mode.
The airplane was under the command of
The FLIR operator was Lt.
and the RADAR
operator Lt.
all of them members of the 501 Aerial
Squadron.
This airplane is programmed only for surveillance and detection
procedures, not for interception or combat maneuvres. Their duty is to
detect and identify drug dealers fights and then inmediately report
them to the base where combat planes are scrambled to intercept those
narcotics smugglers.
At aproximately 17:00 PM, the Merlin C26A detected an unknown traffic at
10,500 feet over Ciudad del Carmen, Campeche airspace and according to
the protocol and suspecting a drug dealer airplane
made a maneuver to approach the unidentified traffic at certain range to
get a close look and record the target with their equipment. At the same
time
reported by radio to the base that a posible suspect
was detected requesting the interceptor planes to be in alert condition.
The RADAR AN/PS 143 BRAVO VICTOR 3 was detecting the unknown traffic and
the FLIR STAR ZAPPHIR Il was recording the object in infrared. As the
Merlin C26A tried to approach the unknown traffic to make a visual
identification it suddenly in A SURPRISING MANEUVER ESCAPED FLYING AWAY
AT TREMENDOUS SPEED. By this time Mayor Jasso tried to persecute the
target but it was very fast. All this was being recorded by the FLAIR
and also the radio conversations with the base describing the inexpected
maneuver of the unknown. However, the C26A still had not made visual
contact with the unknown object.
Just some moments passed when suddenly the unknown object returned and
began following the Merlin C26A in a surprising situation. This was
detected by the RADAR and the FLIR while the personal aboard were trying
to make visual contact of the unidentified traffic now following them.
In seconds the equipment detected now not only one but two traffics
FOLLOWING THEM. The images in both RADAR and the FLIR were clear and
unmistakable. But both pilot and personal still could'nt have visual
Tuesday, May 11, 2004 Compus >

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3287, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4 of 8
contact with these two traffics following them adding a great suspense
to this disconcerting situation.
eported to the base the insolit incident that was
taking place giving detail of all the information registered by the
equipment while keep trying to make visual contact of the unknowns. The
FLIR kept recording in infrared every movement made by the two unknown
objects that seemed to be keeping their distance from the C26A but still
following it. The personal aboard the Merlin C26A were confused and
disconcerted seeing the images on the FLIR and the RADAR asking
themselves what was going on with this insolit situation.
THE INCIDENT TURNS MORE DRAMATIC
But the stressing moment that the C26A crew were passing through was
just the beginning of something more dramatic that will turn their
undesirable experience into a real nightmare.
Some minutes passed while the Mexican Air Force Merlin C26A crew
continued making maneuvers to have a visual contact of the unknowns
because despite both RADAR and FLIR were showing perfectly clear both
unidentified objects for unexplained reasons there was not a visual
contact even that the objects by this time were at close range.
It was during this round and round maneuvers to identify these two
objects that SOMETHING AMAZING HAPPENED. In a matter of seconds MORE
UNKNOWN OBJECTS ARRIVED AT THE SCENE AND THE DISCONNECT OF THE C26A CREW
WAS TOTAL.
The RADAR and the FLIR detected immediately the presence of NINE NEW
OBJECTS of the same size and characteristics, unknown objects that
arrived to the scene surprisingly like coming from nowhere. Now the
situation has entered into a high level of danger so Mayo
eported by radio to the base this new situation requesting
instructions.
But the most insolit thing was that even that there were eleven unknown
objects close to them still the crew COULDN'T SEE THEM, no visual
contact with the unknowns was possible for some reason never experience
before by these high trained men. However the high tech sophisticate
equipment and sensors were not lying, there were eleven targets outside
them with unpredictable intentions.
At the middle of a complete confusion and disconcert among the C26A crew
the unknown objects suddenly made a maneuver surrounding the Mexican Air
Force airplane in a circle at close range. The RADAR and FLIR presented
an insolit image of an eleven objects near by in a circle formation
around the Merlin C26A. The situation turned out of control.
reported to the base that the C26A situation was
now in red alert, surrounded by eleven mysterious round-shaped objects
camouflaged with a certain unknown advanced technology that avoid any
visual contact of them. However Mayor
kept the calm as well as the
crew who were working fast meassuring and recording every detail of this
unique incident conscientious of their duty as military and trained men.
Confronting this situation surrounded by unidentified objects in an
unpredictable ending Mayor
took the decision of turning
out all the airplane lights and wait to see what happened. Moments of
high suspense lived by the crew while the FLIR was recording the images
of those bright objects even that visual contact was not possible,
moments of silence and uncertainty.
Tuesday, May 11, 2004 CompuServe: >

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2129, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 5 of 8
The CRoA crew kept calmed doing their duty, documenting every moment of
the strange incident while Mayor
base. After some stressing minutes the eleven objects dissapeared giving
an end to the strange experience that these members of the 501 Aerial
Squadron just lived. The Merlin C26A returned safe to the Air Force Base
and Mayor
along with the C26A crew.
The Secretary of the Defense took notice of Mayor
report and
began a full investigation studying and evaluating every element of the
case. Statements of the crew, images, lectures, measurements of all the
of General Clemente Vega Garcia to contact researcher and tv journalist
Jaime Maussan for a special colaboration in this investigation as an
experienced researcher in these matters.
On April 22, 2004 General
Secretary of Defense gave X
a copy of all the tapes and data collected by the Merlin C26A
during the incident for study, evaluation and analisis by Maussan's
research team as complement of this investigation and as an external
colaborating source trying to establish a definition of the posible
motives and consequences of the March 5, 2004 incident.
General
as well as his staff were very open to discuss the subject
and showed their legitimate interest in conducting this investigation in
order to establish the truth of what happened.
authorized the Merlin C26A crew to give
HE A GOA KEN ERA OF MUTUAL: OLABORATION ANONG THE
MEXICAN UFOLOGISTS AND THE MILITARY FORCES, a colaboration based in
respect and interest to find the truth of the intense UFO activity we
have been experiencing here in Mexico since the beginning of the
Amazing Mexican UFO Wave back in July 11, 1991.
This new era of relationship among the Mexican UFO witnesses,
skywatchers, ufologists and our military forces will try to establish
and give form to a new legislation in our law system focused to be
prepared for any incident involving these unidentified flying objects,
our people, our comercial and military airplanes etc. for learning and
understanding what are we going to do and how are we going to confront
this reality.
MEXICO.
Tuesday, May 11, 2004 CompuServe:
