{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T08:27:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 408213, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124438-witness-10261-involved-with-edward-teller-working-on-advanced-propulsion-systems-australia.pdf", "source_sha256": "b52ba2fb1cfc97bb01d46cd3fcecba0e6627345cba2c1794f21be05a667ed2c4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 2839, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 3
From:
XXX
To:
Sent:
Thursday, August 10, 2000 5:15 AM
Subject:
Others who might testify....?
G'day, again, Dr Greer,
> We will be in touch re: meeting with you regarding your interview and
>information. Are there others whom you could recommend to do likewise?
I know of three men here in Australia who worked in the project at one time. However, one was in
MI6 as a security man guarding the saucer tests in Europe, Norway and in Saudi Arabia. He has
made it clear if I identify him he will kill me before they kill him... So, although I can relate some of
his tale in a manner that will not identify him, he will not talk to you or anyone else on this subject
again. So, he is a loss.
There is another that worked with the British wing as a low level guard and had access to the hand-
held stun guns which could be re-charged in a wall socket and could shoot a stun voltage without
wires for several hundred feet. This fellow has gone to ground over 15 years ago and I can no longer
find him.
There is another who is aware of the whole situation. He will NOT talk as he has been promoted to
the position of chief Superintendent of the aeronautical engineering division of the DSTO
(Australian Defense, Science and Technology Organization). His name is
_ He was a
young aeronautics engineer at the time l was submitting my advanced propulsion reports to the
DSTO (back in 1972 it was called the Aeronautical Research Labs). He knows where the film
records of the saucers and other "alien" craft are kept here in Australia (they used to be held at Sale
AFB here in Victoria). He knows heaps more than I do but he just will not talk.... too much to lose.
There is another fellow who was in security here for the Australian ASIO group and was once the
body guard of the Japanese prime minister for a while. He and his fellows saved my neck a couple of
times after I left the project. He probably will not talk now as he still lives here and you could not
offer him immunity. He is a tough chap as are a couple I have already mentioned. They have killed
before in the line of duty and it shows in their eyes and mannerisms. I have seen it before when I was
in the Air Force.
A couple of others are now deceased due to natural causes. Sadly, I just cannot think of any fellows
in the USA as I have been out of the country for over 29 years now. All my contacts were down here.
>Also, will you be in the states or Europe in next couple of months?
We could be flying to the US in within two months. However, this depends upon State giving me my
US citizenship back. They took it from me in 1977 after I took up Australian citizenship. They have
long since allowed dual nationality to US and Australian citizens but they have "not been able to
locate" my US passport file for over 5 months now. Things happen like that you know...;-)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 3180, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
wah.
Page 2 of 3
If I get the all clear on my CLN review within the next month or so, then my wife and I could fly
over to the US - to California at LAX and then on to Denver where we will then look at a small ranch
property down south near Pueblo where we intend to move as soon as I am (if I am) cleared for
permanent residency in America by State.
I have been able to get in and out of America on temporary visas several times over the last 17 years.
I could probably do so again; but under the new port of entry rules, my entry could technically be
denied on the day that I arrive by the port officer I happen to get on arrival. This would blow the cost
of two fares as my wife and never travel apart these days because of the risks involved in being in
separate countries should something untoward happen to either of us... particularly me as I am the
older and more politically challenging of us.
If your budget could help us with some of the fare it would make the trip easier to justify. We are not
earning much at the moment as we have been "on hold" for 5 and a half months waiting on State to
answer my CLN (Citizen's Loss of Nationality) application. We hope to sell our farm and other assets
here and start a new business in the States once we return; but until then our cash reserves are slim.
>I very much look forward to meeting you soon and suspect our assessment of
>the current situation will be quite similar.
Perhaps we will meet. I am SURE we would have a LOT to exchange. I have seen assembly photos
of the electromagnetic craft (the small 30-foot diameter ones) which were shown to me as part of my
"education" about the newer method of propelling the craft than my own research had proposed.
I do intend to make a greatly simplified marine version of the propulsion system which will be
installed in a number of small water vehicles at various lakes for rental during the tourist seasons
there in Colorado. My commercial negotiations here in regard to this project are slowly grinding to a
halt as I find myself unable to get the prospective corporation's executives to cover me legally for
what I would have to disclose to them in the early stages of reaching an agreement between us.
I can discuss the concepts and theory publicly. There are a couple of points that I will not discuss but
these are only engineering requirements required if one were to wish to build a high-speed version of
the concept. I have built models and run them in pools for a number of corporations here in the past -
trying to raise investment; but I have always been refused funding on the basis that what they had
seen had to be a trick as it was impossible to shoot water ahead of a boat and then see the boat follow
that water - leaving no wake.
knew and communicated with
here.
Lat the
worked together - but I can only partially document this from letters
Trinity test.
I was sent by
I look forward to coming home even though home has degraded considerably since I was last living
there. I have escaped the Group's wrath but it has meant that I lived in exile for three decades. I am
ready to come home now. There is still much to do in a short time....
Yours sincerely,
