{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T18:24:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3018001, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124555-email-from-witness-11021-project-mannequin-11-14-07.pdf", "source_sha256": "98a84023d596137dd93e28282fa78254050db440d2a79e75ae92eb4ab3ec532a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 3717, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Subj.
Date:
From:
Project Mannequin -
11/14/2007 6:06:06 PM Eastern Standard Time
33 g
- C2C Recap 13Nov07
Received from Internet: click here for more information
File
WW
witnes?
was a guest on C2C last night.
seemed to be skeptical of parts of the bizarre tale
and especially the Mormon church implications that
mentioned, but based on other DP witnesses
(including
X a friend of D
D, I believe everything he said was the truth. He is a fairly new
witness, having recently restored memory of his experiences, and has done several radio interviews plus
has a book due out in early 2008.
Project Mannequin -
+ C2C Recap 13Nov07
Former Ml6 intelligence operative and psychic telepath, X
X discussed his experiences in
Project Mannequin, a 'super soldier' project initiated in 1972 and run by the NSA and British intelligence.
Conducted in secret underground facilities
›said the program used drug-assisted hypnosis,
trauma-based mind control, and genetic engineering to turn kidnapped children into espionage agents and
psychic assassins.
I he was regularly placed in something called a 'trip seat' and injected with an
accelerated learning drug to aid his programming. Memories of these sessions were replaced with new
'cover memories' before he was returned back to his life outside of the secret base, he explained.
said that renegade NSA operatives have helped him recover memories of these events and a few months
ago they decided he had recovered enough memories to go public.
i spoke about various sub-projects of Project Mannequin, including one called Lycan that involved
being injected with modified animal DNA to convey super-human powers. He also talked about
extraterrestrial treaties, remote viewing and assassinations, as well as military bio-robot clones called
programmable life forms (PLFs) that look like grays and are used by covert projects to stage 'false flag'
alien abductions (MILABS). XXX is friends with Disclosure Project witness X
• who was a
security officer at a Project Mannequin facility. L
says there are 8-9 surviving members of this project
in the world (5-6 of them in the USA).
More on
involvement with Project Mannequin can be found in his forthcoming book, Agent Buried
Alive (due out in 2008) and on his website
worked in Black Ops drug trafficking operations in London between 1995 and 1999. He was
recruited as a child in the early 1980s and comes from a long line of intelligence operatives: his grandfather
was in naval intelligence, his father was Ml6 who was also involved in 'Black Ops,' and his uncle was an MI5
officer in Logistics. His ancestors, including grandmother and mother, were also high level Masons and
Mormons (not common in the UK). He touched on the topic of the Mormon church's involvement in covert
His family lived in Berkshire, UK where one of the Proj. Manniquin underground bases was located, and he
said that many of the children recruited for Proj. Manniquin had parents who were part of the cabal. Other
children were chosen based on their hospital records showing a certain genetic lineage or propensity for
psychic ability. The hospital program for choosing these children (and also for procuring organs and genetic
material for cloning research) was called Project OakTree. As a child, he remembers being driven on one of
the 2-lane underground roads that connected the many UGBs; then parking in an underground car park and
taken into a facility with other children where they played a game. The kid who randomly drew a certain
colored ribbon was thrown into a cage with a ferocious wild dog/wolf that killed him in front of the other kids
as part of the traumatic mind control process.
Wednesday, November 14, 2007
CompuServe: X

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1814, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
referred to many programs, including D-4 facilities which he described as Deep Underground
Military Prisons, one of which is located under the Denver airport and one in Alaska (there are many
others). He also said some NSA technologies have been hidden in plain sight by being used in movies and
TV as science fiction. One movie he cited was "Predator" in which actual NSA invisibility technologies were
used (bending light to convey invisibility), as well as holographic technologies.
wishes to make amends for his part in covert operations and blow the whistle on the crimes against
humanity that the intelligence agencies are involved in. Mi6 and the CIA have cornered the global drugs
trade (which is worth at least £500 billion a year-more than the global oil trade) and are now bringing the
majority of illegal street drugs into America and Britain.
They are using this drug money to fund projects classified Above Top Secret' which include the building and
maintaining of deep underground military bases (DUMBS). There are now over 4000 of these bases
worldwide and the average depth of these bases is four and a quarter miles. Some are shallower and some
are deeper. The bases are on average the size of a medium sized city and he says there are ETs in them
as well as PLFs.
is connected to ex intelligence people who have worked in these underground bases and on other
ET related projects, and has seen things first hand and has inside information that will shock even the most
disbelieving person. There are vast numbers of children and adults disappearing around the world and
ending up in these underground bases.
He believes every person alive on the planet today needs to be
aware of this information for their futures.
s contact information:
Wednesday, November 14, 2007
CompuServe: XXX
