{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T19:37:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5886656, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124587-witness-10655-united-states-emails-march-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "39d800c1e683ed8db8f496f8bd273d46b8534161d9629c3fd6083fe84d5d66a6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1402, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
rX
XX
<aX
xxX m>
Friday, March 24, 2023 5:06 PM
xxXX
Re: >
XXFO
Hi
The only thing I can find is that he and his wife filed for bankruptcy in
2021. He lives in Utah. I did see addresses for him in the area and he mentioned being in the Navy. He did
have a military address at one point related to the Navy. I found an obituary for his dad. They are part of the
Mormon church. The private contractor he said he worked for, is a DoD contractor for paint projects. I think
he is keeping himself pretty low key. He was born in April of 1981, hence the email address. I cannot find
anything else on him.
Friday, March 24, 2023, 4:59:09 PM EDT,
Thank you. Sending a confirmation that all of these were just logged today.
Some of these seem great and others illegitimate, so
blease let me know if you find anything on these guys. I will
update my notes accordingly.
XXX
On Fri, Mar 24, 2023 at 2:50 PM
Ok X
> wrote:
So ....here's the algorhythm Steve has asked me to take care of for each witness that seems legit.
I'll print out the email to put on his desk for review.
Send it to X
> to put in the archive
Anch-send to you to check and see if you can find out anything about the person...... most
importantly criminal history or dishonorable discharge or the like.
XX- you might as well send you reply to both Xand me as XXXcan then put it in the digital
file for that person.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2577, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From: X
Sent: Monday, March 20, 2023 10:22 AM
To: XXX
X<
1>
Subject: Fwd: L
UFO
m>
I want to start by saying thank you for your time and reaching back out to me. I want to apologize now for
the long email, but know that I have tried to keep it short.
I was in the Navy and worked as a private contractor on Dugway Proving Grounds, Utah.
On Dugway, I was a contractor (Painter/Sign Tech) with a level 5 clearance from: 2009-2013 for
C Martin Company.
Within my first 4 months in Dugway, I found myself at an area called "Avery", I was looking for electrical
meters to read for the electrical usage for the government to bill the contractors.
(It was called the Ghost Building because it had no building numbers).
When I walked into the "Ghost Building", I was met with an M16 pointed at my chest from an OPS armed
guard. I heard the bullet chamber.
I immediately raised my hands and did what he asked. I noticed what looked like to me UFO that they
were disassembling inside the building
Looked like they had a "Mapping System" from the UFO and what looked like to me as a triangle object
almost floating in the center of the UFO. Other objects strategically placed that I couldn't really tell what
they were as well in the room. I couldn't tell if it was floating or if they had some type of system keeping it
off the ground. It was just a couple things that stood out to me that I could recognize. Everything
happened very quickly.
If I was to guess on the size it was probably around 10' tall and 20' or so in circumference, Metallic in
color and it was completely seamless.
I was immediately taken to an area called "DITTO", to the Garrison building and placed into a room
where two FBI or CIA agents were. They were wearing black suits, bald and didn't disclose who they
were. They interrogated me on why I was in the building and what I saw for about 6 hours.
"They contacted people I had no idea they knew, even friends I had during grade school.
I know for a fact on what I saw in that building was a UFO, but to them I had no idea and I was doing a
job I was asked to do, was to read the electrical meters for that day.
I did some asking around after this incident and found a guy, "G.P." that knew about the craft. I asked
about the map system they had out in the building. He seemed nervous at that moment and said, "he
can't talk about it." It took a few months but he finally did. He said, "take any map and look at it... what is
the fastest way to point A-B?"
He said, "fold the map to line up the two points then fall through." They displaced gravity is how he
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
described it,
"the more the displaced the faster they move."
He said that it was an ET craft. He said that he already said too much and didn't want to talk about it any
longer.
Avery is also where the Black Ops NASA is located. I've been inside that building as well during a
painting project we were asked to do and ran across some pictures hanging on the wall of a medical
exam room. It was the same room in the pictures that I was looking at across the hall. It showed a recent
picture of 6 people doing an autopsy on an alien. One of the guys that worked out their chuckled and
blew it off then told me to, "look at a picture with the entire staff, look at the man in the middle on the
bottom row he's a hybrid ET". He stated that he was very old and that he was helping them with projects
in Dugway.
I've seen their HARRP weather system in action from the metrology building in Ditto, building 3032. I
have personally watched them generate 3 rain storms on their Doppler and move them to the areas they
wanted to. Their is a
Peace Treaty Building, of 1977 Weather Weaponization in Ditto. They can cause any natural disaster
known to man with these systems.
I know exactly where the underground area is at in the west desert and was told by G.P. that "they have
a rail system that travels over 1300 miles under ground with different work areas for people".
It's just a little odd to find a door in the middle of the desert with hundreds of cars around it. Can't fit that
many people in one door...
From what I was told from an Air Force "employee", the majority of the operations in Dugway are ran by
Black Ops or cash only programs.
I was also in the Navy stationed on the
CVN 71 USS T. ROOSEVELT, Auxiliary Division, from: 1999-2000. I had a "friend" that was a computer
"genius",
", (I had no idea he was). He got into their system and woke me up one morning crying. He said,
"he has been caught for getting into their system and that he has information on the Twin Towers and a
project called the Aurora on a flash drive"
When we read this information I felt betrayed by my country and didn't want any part of what was going
to happen with the Towers. I did what I needed to do to get out of the military and save my life, though
knowing that info, I felt my life was and still is in danger.
That Aurora program, (from what he found) was a craft that they use for aerial reconnaissance. The info
was stating that it can travel "in orbit"
7 minutes around the world. The photo that I saw was a cigar shaped craft or what people on TV now
claim are "Tic Tac" UFO's.
Mind you that my "friend" left the ship the same day I did. He said he "deleted himself" from their system
like he never enlisted.
-
Best regards,
r - Team Member
3
