{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T18:27:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 42389, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124620-donald-heckert-press-narrative-june-12-2023-final.pdf", "source_sha256": "53ed0e0fda61dc70fd71015bc61264c322b760fab19e75342b543518918848fc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 690, "chars": 4460, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
You have my background introduction page in hand.
1 am a retired Air Force reconnaissance pilot, airline pilot, maintenance officer, and administrator with over 60 years of
flight experience. During my career I have encountered unique intelligence, nuclear, operational, developmental, and
flight experiences.
I flew the first US aircraft into the nuclear debris cloud of the largest Chinese Atmospheric Test, commanded the largest
U.S. nuclear detection, monitoring, and processing laboratory. One of my sites in remote Alaska was nuclear powered.
Included are two fully documented UFO/UAP encounters. The first, while flying a combat mission in an RF4C Phantom II,
during the Viet Nam War and the second in a U-2R adjacent to Korean DMZ. Both were at night. There is a unique
frequency of intensely bright blue light that is emitted by nuclear reactions. Both of my UFO encounters involved objects
emitting this frequency of light.
The first encounter was track by three separate GCI radar sites, an airborne RC-121 aircraft and recorded on an advanced
Infrared system in my aircraft (ADD5). The threat of interception by the UFO was subsonic at first and discounted based
upon objects 70,000 foot altitude. My aircraft was at 14,500 feet. The UFO descended in less than two seconds from
70,000 to 14,500 feet. It matched my speed (380 Knots) and remained at 5 NMs range. I was directed by GCI controller
to intercept and record if possible. I accelerated to Mack 1 plus, closed to 3 miles at which time the UFO immediately
match my heading and speed. Since my IR sensor (ADD5) was on bottom of Fuselage, I performed a high Mach-number
vertical climb. The ADD5 CRT displayed images captured to the monitor installed in (WSO) additional crew member's
cockpit. The Object immediately went out of sight above 80,000 Feet. This event was confirmed by all three GCI sites.
The second encounter was in Korea, again at night. U-2 missions are solo and of a very long duration. This was a
combination mission of both photo and signals intelligence. Take off was mid afternoon for the photographic part and
the remainder was DMZ signals intelligence. Missions have both track and warning monitoring by separate agencies. The
U-2R has a movable shield to protect the pilot from direct sunlight. At night it is stowed to allow visibility above the
aircraft. The identical frequency of intense blue light total illuminated my black aircraft from above and temporarily
blinded me. Nothing in the high-altitude environment can turn with the U-2. This maneuver is one of defense options
for the U-2. The SR-71 takes over 160 NM to turn 180 degrees at the same altitude. The U-2R can do the 180 degree
turn in under 7 NM. The intense illumination tracked my aircraft during this turn. Nothing man made, to my knowledge,
could do this, with the accuracy and intensity. This caused me to abort the mission. This was the first and only time in my
7000 hour plus flying career I aborted an operational mission. I can show you surface to air missiles, and Triple A fire that
did not cause me to change my flight. This event really alarmed me.
Later in my career, as the Special Projects Officer for classified projects, I was required by HQ/USAFLC to monitor
activities at Area 51. Three incidents stand out. A security violation relating to unauthorized imagery taken of night
classified activity, management cost saving actions I reported, and an unfavorable international aircraft development trip
report. One week prior to my retirement, the IRS opened an audit of my taxes, based upon my official officer records,
which were designed to hide my classified Middle East assignment. It took two years, and an IRS administrative hearing
plus a 30 day declassification of site to clear charges. I did receive a refund of sixty seven dollars from the IRS Audit.
It is my testimony that these were real, reported, and documented facts. Many other events to which I have knowledge,
have been hidden by over classification and policy, from leadership and the public. The U.S. government, Veterans
Administration, and DOD are still denying nuclear sampling radiological exposure occurrences to our pilots, maintenance,
and support personnel. Possibly, these important issues will cause an accurate analysis of all related topic of nuclear
weapons testsimpacts, recovery, reengineering, and aerospace developments related to UFOs/UAPs to occur. Thank you
for the opportunity to share.
