{"created_utc": "2026-09-04T09:16:42Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 73838, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304223599537330, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124630-eric-hecker-united-states-lots-of-helium-at-sp.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541039040000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124630-eric-hecker-united-states-lots-of-helium-at-sp.pdf", "source_sha256": "759a8f5cbfb3bf2a6407274e631f2b7ff10b4381699239e5e52bc8691ebe8636"}

FW: FW: email to website about neutrinos


From:
Sen

Subject: Re: FW: email to website about neutrinos

Hello
 Thanks for thinking of me. It is certainly very interesting information. I have been looking into
"Superfluids" like the helium we kept stored at South Pole Station at almost zero degrees Kelvin. We
seemed to have lots of it and I am wondering why.Maybe Steven has some thoughts and may wish to
discuss on air again. Just a thought. These Neutrinos are going to become more common in
conversations.

Have a great day,


  Hello
  This email came to the website and Steve thought you might find it interesting.

  Best


         ---------- Forwarded message ---------
         From: f           h
         Date: Tue, Dec 7, 2021 at 7:30 PM
         Subject:


         Good day!! Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year and most of
all regards to you all for continuing to bring the truth to the masses.

You may have received information from me in the past, my name is Scott Rauvers
and I am the acclaimed scientist at ez3dbiz.com. I have dedicated my science to
enriching and empowering my readers. However something very interesting occured
to me after watching the video titled: = = = Find out about the astonishing classified
technologies at the South Pole ==== which I saw on Dr. Steven Greer's Youtube
Channel.

The video talks about the world's largest Neutrino Detector at the south pole (The
IceCube Neutrino Observatory). A whistleblower in the video stated that this facility
may also have a dual purpose; being used for sinister purposes. I had just finished
watching the new James Bond Movie No Time to Die (5 thumbs up) when it occured to
me that the cylindrical tubes of light that were undergroud in a chamber of water kind
of resembled the neutrino detector arrary at the south pole, which is buried
approximately 2 miles down into the ice. These detectors give off flashes of light
whenever a neutrino interacts with the pure ice.

So, now let's get down to the good stuff.

Neutrinos go through EVERYTHING. A neutrino can easily pass through 1000 light-
years of lead without any form of resistance whatsoever
(Neutrino-based communication is a first. Physics World. IOP Publishing. 19 Mar
2012).

However, like every bit of matter in our Universe, they have mass; although very tiny.
To prove neutrinos have mass Nobel Prize Physics recipients, Takaaki Kajita and
Arthur B. McDonald used liquid-filled underground tanks with rock above them to filter
out cosmic rays that bombard Earth in order to observe small chargeless neutrinos at
Japan’s Super-Kamiokande and Canada’s Sudbury Neutrino Observatory (SNO)

It has been scientifically proven that you can use this small amout of mass contained
within the neutrino to generate electricity
Professor Günther Krause,. Patent # WO2016142056A1
https://neutrino-energy.com/patent-wo2016142056a1/

Neutrinos can also be programmed to send messages -
https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg21328574-900-neutrinos-send-wireless-
message-through-the-earth/

Because neutrinos have no electrical charge, they are unaffected by magnetic fields,
allowing them to travel in straight lines, even directly through earth. . ....Because there
is no interferrence. This means a line-of-sight type targeting beam, even aimed directly
into the earth so the neutrinos go through the earth and into the target would be very
effective, making agricultural crops very vulnerable. Not to mention a neutrino EMP,
would also take out anything with a silicon chip. If indeed research into portable
neutrino generators is taking place, it would cause massive damage to crops and city
infrastructure alike.

A super-powered neutrino generator could in theory be used to instantly destroy
nuclear weapons anywhere on the planet, according to a team of Japanese scientists.
If it was ever built, a state could use the device to obliterate the nuclear arsenal of its
enemy by firing a beam of neutrinos straight through the Earth.
Read full article by newscientist.com
https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn3734-neutrino-beam-could-neutralise-nuclear-
bombs/

Anyway, because neutrinos go through EVERYTHING, it means they are also going
through your DNA at this very momment. Our sun makes approximately
61,000,000,000 neutrinos per second at 1 square centimeter per cross section on
Earth. The Human body presents an area to the sun of 10,000 square centimeters.
Hence, 610 trillion neutrinos are passing right through your body in the second it takes
to read this line. This is what allows neutrinos to pass through light years of lead
without impediment.

Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, a worldwide database of every citizen's DNA is
being compiled right at this very momment; because in each COVID-19 test, human
DNA can also be recorded. So we are now deailing with the infinitely tiny. DNA &
Neutrinos are very tiny; almost at the subatomic level. What if you were able to piggy
back information onto a cloud of neutrinos and that information contained specific
instructions to affect a person's DNA?. As that programmed cloud of neutrinos began
passing through that person, a targeted population or even crops, it would begin re-
writing the DNA in such a way they got "mysteriously ill" or perhaps made them crazy
or maybe even healed them.

In order to do this you would need to affect the neutrinos in such a way that as they
passed through the device, they became "programmed" than continued on passing
on. Next they would need to be aimed at the location the target resided.

Polyethylene Glycol
This is used in the COVID-19 vaccine
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/cea.13874

It has also been used to trap neutrinos
https://cen.acs.org/articles/93/i43/Chemistry-Helping-Physicists-Detect-Neutrinos.html

I find it very interesting that the recent James Bond film occured around the same time
the pandemic was in full swing and that the plot involves a bio-weapon that can be
tuned to a person's specific DNA. Not only that, young crops are extremly vulnerable to
DNA manipulation. Hence if this weapon is real, it could be used to remotely wipe out
entire crops, or worse yet, re-program the genetic sequences of a crop so that eating
the food may also target specific individuals.

Summary
Will the forthcoming worldwide DNA database be used as new Remote DNA Targeting
Bioweapon?

A horrible, horrible weapon if this ever was to go online. As I stated at the start of this
e-mail, I have devoted my life of scientific discoveries to empower the people thorough
information and hopefully this e-mail will continue to serve such a purpose.

PS: I state in my thesis
http://www.ez3dbiz.com/neutrinos_faster_than_light_intuitive_communicaiton.html
that neutrinos are the key to receiving information through time. It is also very likely
the latest submarines already are experimenting with neutrino based communcation
systems. However there may also be research occuring at the Neutrino Detector at
the South Pole in regards to sending messages through time. I mean, hey if you
already have all the toys (your own anti-gravity fleet, UFO scaler wave targeting
systems etc.) why not start experimenting with time?

Stay well, stay safe and most of all STAY INFORMED.


Sent from Mail for Windows


--


Best regards,
