{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:21:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 186448, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124604-witness-10682-united-states-uap-testimony-ico-july-24-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "885ea6576c13cca51c620828cae82a538e9504503ce344b352452a1b82b02319"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3484, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UAP Testimony ICO:
From:
To:
Monday, July 24, 2023, 05:34 PM EDT
Good Afterr
My name is
I'm 27 yrs old, and I served in the United States Navy under the Naval Intelligence
Community
My Rating/MOS/Job was a Maintenance Cryptologic Technician, also know as a
CTM. I was selected, brieied, and trained through
. After my training 1 was ordered to report to the
was the flag ship to
part of
shift supervisor located in the Ship's
l) and the
• was the night
in
charge of 3 Intelligence Collection systems, as well as the account administrator for Operators not only in my shop,
but other division members throughout the Intelligence Department. My UAP experience came while attached to
While off the coast of
, as the Strike group was awaiting the green light for transit through the
, my carry-on system had locked onto an RF frequency unknown to the server's library of SOl's.
This Happened at approximately 12:30 am local time. After several unsuccessful attempts by the system to break
the frequency, I headed to the next room to speak with coworkers.. They too could not make out the strange HF
frequency. The vertical elevation of this frequency was tracked at 85,000 ft by my system with no signs of horizontal
movement based on the repetitive system reports. After a few moments of debate with the team we decided to
bring it up to our Carrier Intelligence Center (CVIC). Their team did investigations further into the frequency by
calling off-ship with TS/SCI communications. CVIC had asked multiple Agencies on the East coast along with 2
different Naval Information Operations Commands (NIOC) to see if they have had similar reports that evening and
all reports came back with negative intel regarding the SOI.
Moments later, the Team and I heard the ventilation fans beginning to slow down. This isn't normal since we have to
have AC running at all times in our shop with all the equipment. So the team and I all turn to look at each other
when all of a sudden we feel the Ship lose All power. The emergency exit lighting as well as the Un-interrupted
Power Source for the systems lit up with life as the rest of the ship was a blackout. I was able to safely turn the
system off under emergency protocols as the Brass or higher ups began to walk into shop. At this point we knew
something serious was at hand. We had no communications on or off the ship even to our neighbor in the Strike
group. This event lasted about 2 hours until we were able to regain power and continue our mission North. Some of
the Intelligence Department and crew refuse to this day to speak of what happened that night, while others are
clueless as they were sound asleep in their racks..The
was conducting its 15th combat deployment and
was loaded with enough ordinance to destroy an area the size of
As the head maintenance technician to this
day, I claim that it could not have been a man-made craft. I fully believe that the collection system had picked up an
Extraterrestrial craft, and that said craft was responsible for emitting an EMP strong enough to stop
communications for hours and compromise 3 Nuclear reactors, all while at a standstill vertical of 85,000 ft. If we
humans have that sort of technology then cancer would be like the common cold when it came to cures and a
bullet train would look prehistoric to this sort of technology...However, if we Are not Alone in this universe, then our
own Government may have very well signed our planet's death certificate.
Very Respectfully,
