{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:47:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 167353, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124661-witness-10127-army-special-forces-shown-underground-facility-with-off-world-technology-testimony.pdf", "source_sha256": "ba7846aeeb6ffdee3c66057fa9b3505fb021e289945ef84dd73d3675e4e865f8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2636, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Testimony of
- 7-30-23
Became aware of "off world technologies division" at a secret facility in Crane, Indiana, Navy
Special Warfare Base
I had a clearance of
for a brief time during my time as an
I was doing
weapons training at a facility in Crane, Indiana. My job I'm special forces was an
weapons
expert, so l was there learning about domestic and foreign advanced weapon technologies and
how they are being or were being implemented at that time. The facility in Crane has several
underground layers and after many days of training and learning they pulled a few of us higher
performers aside and asked us if we wanted to see some of the other foreign adversarial tech.
We went into an elevator, and we're taken deeper under the facility where we were exposed to
many weapons that were captured, in some cases, by CIA operatives from foreign countries.
While some of this tech would be surprising to the public and probably in some cases be
considered to be disruptive technology in its own right, the most disturbing part was when we
walked through a part of the facility described as the 'off world technologies division'.
They have some sort of materials that resemble seamless metal I've heard described in some of
Dr. Greer's films. We were told they somehow interact with consciousness. I don't think the
guy showing us this stuff was supposed to be showing us, but he said they were trying to still
figure out how they actually worked and that they assumed they were some sort of individual
weapons systems.
They also had on a sort of display type case, a clear glass tablet that seemed to be projecting
some type of writing (maybe holographic by how it looked) but I couldn't recognize it from any
languages I know and I am fluent in several due to my job as a green beret.
I don't have any interest in publicly sharing this. I can provide necessary documentation to
show I was there and who I am. (Possibly would consider testifying at AARO)
My world changed that day and as I see more information coming out related to this topic | just
think it's important that | tell the right people...I also know they have this tech and they are
hiding it.
This had to take place before 2016. It's very strange that my memory around that time is so
fuzzy and incoherent, but I do have the documentation and a picture of the group I was with
from that class and I can locate and provide that. Between
but I will get you actual
documents.
(Asked about the objects he saw) Yes, and on object was circular with some large indentation
on top almost as if like for a hand, but I didn't get a close look at it. I haven't thought about this

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 1888, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in a long time and what's really strange is I can't remember how we got there, where we
stayed, but I can definitely prove I was there and even have a photo. It's almost like a faded
memory very difficult to recall.
The guy said they only react to a conscious being interacting with them and that they think
somehow that's how they are operated. He said the same thing about the tablet device.
We had maybe 10 guys in the class, but they only showed 2 of us this part of the facility. It was
later in the evening after the days class was over. I was told maybe we were exposed to more
stuff there and should get a regression or hypnosis.
(Describing the person who took him into this area) He had glasses, was a skinny, wiry guy.
Was really excited about talking about it but seemed nervous. That part I remember.
Only was there one time while we were there towards the end of the training. After we had all
but finished, me and the other guy that was shown this stuff, we were both the top two guys in
the class.
(Any backlash or harassment?) No but we both never mentioned it. I remember talking with
the other guy after the fact and we both were in shock. We had to act as if it was not a big deal
when they showed us and we both did that. But after we were both very uneasy and a bit
afraid of what it all meant. We just both shut up about it and as far as I know that was it.
I have to go to my storage for the files from the class but will provide anything that helps. Sorry
it's not more, but I can at least feel like I'm not taking that secret to my grave. Especially if
there's something sinister behind all this which seems to be the case.
Thank you and be sure to thank Dr. Greer again. It really is helping in a lot of ways.
Crane is a Navy Special Warfare Base. I'm sure there are contractors connected to that facility
as they do R&D and back engineer foreign weapons tech.
