{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T22:44:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4426347, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124712-witness-10568-united-states-ufo-1966-mt-laguna-radar-station.pdf", "source_sha256": "06c5612fe502f96930138922c9b4150a39f343db7f30911a4fefa5164bf5b3a5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2372, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Incident
Mt. Laguna Radar Station
XXXXX
1965 - 1966 time frame
XX
USAF
The
X Squadron was a SAGE / BUIC Backup Control Center for the Norton
AFB California SAGE and the Luke AFB SAGE Centers, I believe Luke was the active
SAGE Center while I was stationed at the X
The
Radar Air Force Station was my Ist active duty assignment after graduating
from the Keesler AFB Mississippi Radar Maintenance School. I was a graduate of the
Radar Repairman Course from the X
Student Squadron, Keesler Technical Training
Center, Class of
Xat the end of 1965. I had previously completed the Ballistic
Missile Launch Equipment Repairman course
• at Chanute AFB Training
Center in Rantoul, Illinois. This course was for the
also called the
an air launched "Nuclear Capable Cruise Missile",
, launched from the Boeing B-52 heavy
bomber aircraft. This missile system was being phased out and upon gradation from that
course some of us were transferred into Radio School and others into Radar School. I,
fortunately, was transferred into Radar School at Keesler AFB Mississippi.
At the
Radar Squadron, the Radar Systems at the time I was station there were:
1) The AN/FPS-26A (5400 to 5900 MHz, C-Band, Range 220 nautical miles,
Altitudes up to 100,000 feet, an AVCO Radar System.
2) The AN/FPS-90 (2700 to 2900 MHz, S-Band, Range 220 nautical miles, 100,000
feet), a GE Radar System, and the associated equipment.
3) The AN/FPS-7C (1250 to 1350 MHz, L- Band, Range 270 miles, 7 Stacked
Beams, Altitude up to 100,000 feet
The USAF Radar Maintenance crews were responsible for maintaining the operation of
the 2 Height Finder Radar Systems. We however, sometimes assisted in the maintenance
activities for the 1 Search Radar System on site, but the maintenance of that system was
performed primarily by FAA personnel. Mt. Laguna is located at the edge of the Laguna
Mountains overlooking the Anza - Borrego Desert, about 45 air miles, 65 road miles east
of San Diego California.
Sometime in the Fall of 1966, the Radar Maintenance night crew, about 5 of us, were
scheduled to perform a Solar Calibration Test. This test required us to take the Radar
System under test off-line, perform calibrations on the: 1) Receiver Systems and Antenna
Systems located in the tower. 2) We also calibrated the Display Systems which were
located on the other side of the site in the Operations Building.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 3712, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Radar System would then be configured to perform the test. The configuration would
be to turn off the Radar Transmitters, Open all of the Feed Horn Filters and Receiver
System Front End Filters. This would allow radiation from all frequencies to enter the
Radar Receiver System. We would also disable all ECM and ECCM capabilities and all
Ground Clutter suppression capabilities. We configured the system in this special manner
in order to get all of the radiation from the Sun into our system to get as strong a Sun
Strobe as possible. The object of this test is to track the height of the sun, it's elevation
angle as it sets towards the horizon to determine the height accuracy of the Radar under
test and to determine the extent of atmospheric distortions on that accuracy. We would
collect this height data over the last two hours or so before the sun sets below the horizon.
This data would be sent back to the SAGE Center located at Luke AFB in near real-time.
The Luke Control Center would remotely point the antenna of the Radar under test at the
sun and set the Range Line on the Display Scope at the Range of the Desired Height data
point needed. The Radar Operator would then move the Height Line up to the point
where the Range Line, Height Line and the Sun Strobe all intersected. This data was
collected at intervals of about 30 seconds or so if possible and relayed over dedicated
phone lines or over a microwave radio link to the Control Center at Luke AFB. The data
collected would be subsequently analyzed by a team of scientists and engineers at Luke
AFB and they would generate a table of Calibration Correction data for our use in Height
Finder Calibrations. This test was performed, I believe about every 2 weeks, some times
more often during the times of the year when the seasons changed. This was all done in
order to maximize height Finder elevation angle and altitude accuracy of these long range
Radar Systems.
On the night of the UFO incident, we had prepared the AN/FPS-26A for the scheduled
Solar Test. On that day my duty was to perform the Operations Center Display or 'Scope'
calibration tasks. After our test preparations were completed, I was waiting in Ops to
monitor the test and was chatting with the Radar Operator, >
Xwho
was scheduled to run the test. And that is when everything started to get very interesting!
The Radar Operator and I were moving the nodding AN/FPS-26A's antenna in azimuth
while waiting for the test to start. We were looking at the "running rabbits" as we called
the interference from the other radar systems at our location being picked up by the
OPEN receivers of the FPS-26A. To our astonishment we saw a well formed "target" on
the 26A at about 90,000 feet elevation altitude and 150 nautical miles out east of us. I
called over to the 26A tower and talked with my crew member, Airman
i, to verify that we were ready to start the Solar Test and that all test equipment
had been disconnected from the system to ensure that we were not getting internal
interference from test equipment still connected to the FPS-26A. He verified that
everything was configured for the test. I told him what was going on in Ops and he
suggested that we contact the AN/FPS-C crew to verify they were not doing anything
unusual, the AN/FPS-90 was the active height finder during this test. The call came back
from the FPS-27C crew of a "negative", no testing going on and only normal operations
at that time. Baffling, because with the AN/FPS-26A's transmitters down, we do not have
the sync pulse to generate any system timing. This meant that everything goes into it's
free running state, scopes, receiver equipment, everything! We should only see noise and

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 650, "chars": 3747, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"running rabbit" interference from the PRF of the other Radars on our site! But, what we
saw on the FPS-26A scope was a well formed target at 90,000 feet altitude and about 150
miles east of us, clean as day, and as big as a B-52 bomber radar return! To verify that the
signal was not internal to the FPS-26A Radar System, I activated the filters at the Feed
Horn assembly and when I did that the target disappeared from the 26A Scope. We
switched the filters on and off a few times and the target appeared only when the filters
were wide open, allowing all radiation from a broad band of frequencies to enter the Feed
Horn. The signal had to be coming from outside our System.
We notified CMS
(sp?), who was the NCO IC at 751st Ops that night. We told
him that we had an unknown and something strange going on. He verified what we saw
and then he called the SAGE Center at Luke AFB to report the bogey that was at about
90,000 ft altitude and 150 miles out over the desert in the direction of Brawley California.
The Control Center was trying to identify it and they wanted us to see if we saw it on our
7C Search Radar. We did see it on our search scope, 150 nautical miles out and at about
90 degrees azimuth. Luke CC wanted to know what azimuth we saw the bogey on the
AN/FPS-7C. Once that information was relayed to Control, they sent the command to
point the active height finder, the AN/FPS-90, at the target to illuminate it. We did see it
on the 90's scope, a very large target at about 90,000 feet altitude out over the desert. The
target was about 2 or 3 times the size of a commercial airliner of that time and stationary
at 90,000 ft altitude! Nothing should have been up that high! The Control Center
speculated that it could not be a weather balloon because they usually broke up at about
45,000 feet. The SAGE Center called into San Diego (U.S. Navy, U.C. San Diego, or
Univ. Cal S.D.?) to ask if any experimental high altitude balloons were up there that the
Center did not know about. The answer came back negative, no experimental balloons up
that night. The Sage Center at Luke then scrambled interceptors, I believe they were F-4s
from the Naval Air Station at El Centro California. The Intercept Controllers at the X
Radar Sq. in our "Blue Room" (the
was a backup SAGE Center for Luke AFB)
vectored the interceptor aircraft up towards the "bogey". Then the next surprise, the
bogey dropped from 90,000 ft to about 5,000 feet altitude. Unbelievable because our
AN/FPS-90 had a fixed nod rate of 19 nods per minute. This bogey dropped from 90,000
ft to just about 5,000 ft in one-half of a nod! A target is painted twice per nod, once on
the upstroke and once on the down stroke. This target dropped 85,000 ft in 1/2 of a nod of
the AN/FPS-90! Roughly 57,000 mph (in the atmosphere?)! The interceptors lost the
bogey on their aircraft radars. We at the X
• were asked to confirm that the bogy was
still present and both height finders saw it at the same azimuth and range but now at
5,000 ft and the search radar AN/FPS-7C saw that it had not moved, i.e. not in range nor
in azimuth. Meaning that it had dropped straight down!? Then the interceptors were
redirected to the new altitude of the bogey at which time the bogey moved towards the
X Radar Station at a very high rate of speed then jumped northwest in the direction of
Los Angeles and disappeared off the AN/FPS-7C scope in a matter of less than 4
seconds! Again, the AN/FPS-7C had a range of about 270 nautical miles.
As the Radar Maintenance >
Chief I wrote that report in our maintenance logs
because we had not performed the Solar Test that night and we had to have justification
for not performing that calibration test as scheduled. The next day my Supervisor
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 408, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
chastised me for making that "kind" of entry into the "official" log books. I would not
remove it. The Radar Operations Logs were Classified "Secret" and were usually locked
in a secure file cabinet. The last I knew of the Log Books were that they were still in that
file cabinet when I transferred out of the XX and went to my next assignment at the
X Radar Squadron in San
California about a year later.
4
