{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T18:07:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 19207, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124716-witness-10749-united-states-jun-28-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "60369e1394938193ec8a023f83608b67dc6c281dc4894b5bccf189bf6ea8b996"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2561, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hello, my name is
I was introduced into the legacy
program in the early 1990's and worked Red Teaming missions for them
for about three years. I and three others would go to locations where
the program was running from and conducted security assessments that
lasted about two weeks per mission. We would monitor all
telecommunications and also assess the physical security of each
installation. After we were done, we would debrief the leadership and
staff at the location we were assessing and provide them with
solutions to some of the intelligence leaks we discovered.
As a result of these missions my team and I gained a lot of inside
knowledge by listening in on all of the conversations at each
location. We discovered what missions ran out of which locations and
gathered
a lot of information about the reverse engineering projects
that were shared between DOD and the private sector. We monitored many
thousands of engineering, scientific, and leadership conversations on
a wide variety of subjects. This provided my team with a great deal of
information that most legacy program folks don't get exposure to (most
folks jobs were stove-piped and little information shared).
Early on I was also asked if I wanted to be part of their
retrieval
team and after talking with the representative from the retrievals, I
thought it sounded pretty risky and a bit morbid; thus, I didn't
participate. I did hear from my friend who was on the team telling
stories from time to time and it was quite interesting what he had
participated in.
I am currently interested in helping to get the UAP program to a
better place, but also know that there are some real road blocks and
authorities that will be needed to get things to a better place. The
program runs in private sector in different states and around the
globe where certain labs are available for research. It is a difficult
nut to crack, but some of my knowledge may help. I am ready to move on
from the restrictions of my current job in order to do what I believe
is the right thing to do. I don't think we will have the same
opportunity as we have now to get to a better place in our lifetime.
I also know that the majority of folks working in the program have no
idea of some of the risky and criminal deceptions that have existed
for decades and thankfully only a few folks are involved in the
negative aspects of the program. So, again..the situation is going to
take a balanced approach that I may be able to help navigate as the
UAP investigation continues. I hope
to hear from you soon!
Respectfully,
