{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:45:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1922834, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124766-steven-m-digna-jr-united-states-arv-raytheon.pdf", "source_sha256": "5a4e742c00d6df9e8ce7a819b310ccd46dad815c4a1f7cace77e87f0265a4b52"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 607, "chars": 3563, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
SharksWith LazerBeamEyeBalls <
Fridav, February 10, 2023 9:49 PM
R-Personnel
Ma'm i apologize for my hesitation
Raytheon
Personnel i felt i was betraying friends.
In the sketch of the bunker for reference,
is on the far left Dan is to his right i am On The Far right near the Door
of the bunker.
> was the One Whom asked when the call came in "You want to see it?" He And I
Smirked and Looked
Past me slightly as they Shrugged there Shoulder's.
Was The Raytheon supervisor He Primarily stayed inside the Eagles Nest aka Air force T.O.C. side of the Two Joined
T.O.C.
And Dan Worked Along side Myself in The Dragons Den aka Army Lima Live Fire T.O.C. however they did
Report to Rod. When the call came in for the first time i could recall the Doors connecting the two T.O.C.'s were Closed
and Immediately locked When i turned to Chew Out Whom Ever Was Responsible for Not Conveying That an Exercise
was in Play Not According to The Planned live Fire Training Exercise.
The Reason the event Was Not Reported Up The Chain Is Due To The Fact That This Was Not Unidentified it was Ours
And Was in Fact Apart Of My Recruitment into The Programs.
Tarantula 28 was the Observer Controller on the gound whom witnessed the lights from the Ground. Also he reported
this in the Mufon Report.
I Strongly believe these men will Be More Likely To Speak Out If 1 Lead the Way.
1 Acted As The Hub Between The Operations Group intelligence Planners Ground Team Air Force And Star Wars Program
i Did not have access to The interior Operations of the Star Wars T.O.C. Facilities i was given acces to enter the building
in order to distribute DST basically automated live fire target deployment Scenario. This Information Was Converted into
RGB maps for Step by Step training battles. Both of my Predecessors where assigned to this Facility and i did see Both
Sgt. Marie Taylor And Spc. Cardamon working in the Star Wars T.O.C.. Clarification this T.O.C. was not On The Range it
Was Located on the outskirts of Cantonment aka Main Post Fort Irwin.
As To Any of these Personnel Coming out It Is My Belief They Will Need To See One Of There Own Lead the Way I Was
The Fastest Promoted in 25years on Post And The Youngest #1 control seat holder at the NTC Facility in history they Will
All Remember Or Remember This It Was Put In The Post Paper And the Promotions Were Not At All Normal For A none
Deployable Post.
Eye level from me on observation deck approx 3stories high from desert floor, Distance approx 200 ft, Size 172' across
craft at center of bunker image, Strongly resembles hovering B_2 Spirit. Upon first glance during eyes adjusting to the
dark 7 lights V shape Orientation where seen exactly like the (Phoenix Lights), after that i closed my eyes for approx 30s
and allowed them to Adjust to The Light Conditions as To We Where Running Red Lights Threw Out the Bunker Due To
Current Live Fire Exercise interrupted by the "lights above the range" call.
Once my Eyes adjusted I Could Make Out the General Shape Of The Craft. from That Point I light my cigarette put my left
foot up on the concrete as seen in the sketch I then Quietly Masking My Movements Pulled my NVG's from my right BDU
cargo pocket and raised them To View The Craft. Once Adjusted To The NVG's a Vary Crisp B-2 spirit with slight
differences appeared to be generating the 7lights along its wings and underbelly. I Then Noticed As I Shifted Stance,
Another Smaller Craft Oriented on the right side yet just as high up To The First Craft approximately 75to100 yards to
the right.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1312, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This Craft Was Jet Black V Shaped Pointed twords the First Craft. This craft had equally joined spaced rectangles sections
forming the the haul. The craft had a gimbal or rack that deployed from the bottom of the Craft approximately 5to6
holographic emitting lights where pointed directly at the First Craft. I Do believe the second craft was creating a
hologram that look tangibly solid And Also the Holographic Craft If It Was Infact A holographic reneging Had The Abilities
to emit light from the original 7 lights viewed without NVG's.
At that point Gregor Noticed the NVG'S Dan Looked As
Face turned twords me he Went From Chatting
cheerfully with Dan to an angry look of of disapproval twords me. At that point Gregor put out his cigaret and they both
went inside calmly yet angry as thow i crossed a line. I took another quick look with the NVG'S and hit my Cigaret deeply
The Mood Had Shifted For Them For Me I Was either in trouble or not That Weight Comes With The Job so I Hadn't
Reacted Just Felt Bad That He Or they May be in the hot seat.
The second crafts size was vary hard to distinguish due to the angle of orientation. however i approximated that one
wing it seemed to be the lenght of an F_16 itself. It had no lights other than the gimbal lights jet black the b-2 seemed
matted black gray
2
