{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-21T07:49:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9530510, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124743-dc-long-united-states-ft-bragg.pdf", "source_sha256": "6a3d6b1c350a8f8276e79e6ff22867270965e221c5930696bb81380cec4dc560"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 3939, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
add to facles let
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Sunday, February 26, 2023 5:21 PN
Fwd: I'm afraid to say
2
-- Forwarded message -------
unlue to go
SCIFiE
From: L
Date: Sat, Feb 25, 2023 at 1:47 AM
Subject: I'm afraid to say
To: <
yau father?
When?
Dr Greer. I won't go into details about my military history because that part isn't important to the topic. I wasn't a
soldier of importance in my opinion but I was proficient at my job. My situation is two-fold in the sense that both my
father and I were exposed to the same situation. My father was a government contractor working on fort bragg, nc and i
was stationed at bragg in the 82nd. My father asked for my help due to a shortage of manpower as two of his employees
couldn't either obtain a sec-c or were denied for any amount of undisclosed reasons. Two places were our AO which
were the g5 war room, 18th ABC HQ and a second location being a place called range 19, used by delta at the time,
unknown if it's still the designation officially or currently in operation. I don't know as this is the first time I have
mentioned this in writing, never spoken aloud. The only reason I mention 18th ABC (under general H.) is that was where
we were met, then taken to R19 per contact met @ JFKWC. We both witnessed something that is incredibly difficult to
explain or describe but the best I can do is to say that there were massive pieces of equipment what appeared to
resemble an M1 heavy with no discernable entry points that didn't touch the floor. I know this because I could see
connex containers in a line, approximately a foot below its base. I thought what I was seeing was just an optical illusion
until someone stepped out from the unseen side and I observed their feet walking around the object. In the same facility
I witnessed what appeared to be a series of large stones, some looking natural, others carved, possibly granite,
approximately 7 feet tall, 20 feet long, unknown width. There was a black container atop two of the stones that had
contacts protruding from the side that may have been attached to the upper portion of the stone, I couldn't tell. The
closer I approached, the stronger I could feel what I can only describe as silent acoustic vibrations. Internally it felt like I
was standing next to a stadium speaker at a concert but externally, absolute silence. The higher the intensity I could feel,
the higher the stone rose. I only made short glances as explicit instructions were given to keep eyes down and forward
as well as signs on the walls of entry stating that crossing the yellow line that was the path gave indication that you
would be fired upon.
My father mentioned some vague details to an individual that he had become friends with, hunted with and known for
years, who was (allegedly) a tier one operator, immediately severed all ties with my father.
Later I was injured in a combat jump when the soldier behind me threw his static line and exited, causing the injuries
that medically retired me from service. I recognized the man but I will not say from where. After retirement, I have tried
to stay off grid and it has been crippling financially but I am afraid that my father and I were exposed to something we
should never have seen and there was a price. I decided to become an executive protection specialist in California and
some time later, applied to a major private sector security firm and was directly asked if I had ever been to range 19.1
politely said no and recused myself and drove that moment from Las Angeles, nonstop back to North Carolina where I
became homeless for three years. Things are better than they were now but I can't help wonder. I have no interest in
social media, being filmed, publicly interviewed or "selling my story." I am too afraid. I would much rather go back to
war than put this out there. I have great respect for you and your work. That is the only reason I thought you should
know. Godspeed.
DC
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2102, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Cc:
Subject:
>
Wednesday, March 29, 2023 11:36 AM
Re: I'm afraid to say
Hi
So the places he mentions in his text are real - Range 19, JFK war center are both associated with Ft Bragg. The 82nd
airborne specialize in parachute assault operations into denied areas. They respond to crisis situations anywhere in the
world within an 18hour window.
Honestly he is a ghost. I cannot find or link anything to his email. Other than long rangers are helicopters designed to
travel long distance and are used by paramilitary groups for special ops. Makes sense given his history.
His story sounds pretty amazing. If he is contacted and I get an actual name maybe I can find out something more.
Raven
On Mar 28, 2023, at 5:31 PM,
• wrote:
Raven, Can you find out anything more about him.
From:
To:
Sent: Sunday, February 26, 2023 5:21 PM
Subject: Fwd: I'm aurald to say
- Forwarded message ----.
Fro
Date: Sat, Feb 25, 2023 at 1:47 AM
Subject: I'm afraid to sav
To: <
Dr Greer. I won't go into details about my military history because that part isn't important to the topic. I
wasn't a soldier of importance in my opinion but I was proficient at my job. My situation is two-fold in
the sense that both my father and I were exposed to the same situation. My father was a government
contractor working on fort bragg, no and i was stationed at bragg in the 82nd. My father asked for my
help due to a shortage of manpower as two of his employees couldn't either obtain a sec-c or were
denied for any amount of undisclosed reasons. Two places were our AO which were the g5 war room,
18th ABC HQ and a second location being a place called range 19, used by delta at the time, unknown if
it's still the designation officially or currently in operation. I don't know as this is the first time I have
mentioned this in writing, never spoken aloud. The only reason I mention 18th ABC (under general H.) is
that was where we were met, then taken to R19 per contact met @ JFKWC. We both witnessed
something that is incredibly difficult to explain or describe but the best I can do is to say that there were

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2571, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
massive pieces of equipment what appeared to resemble an M1 heavy with no discernable entry points
that didn't touch the floor. I know this because I could see connex containers in a line, approximately a
foot below its base. I thought what I was seeing was just an optical illusion until someone stepped out
from the unseen side and I observed their feet walking around the object. In the same facility I
witnessed what appeared to be a series of large stones, some looking natural, others carved, possibly
granite, approximately 7 feet tall, 20 feet long, unknown width. There was a black container atop two of
the stones that had contacts protruding from the side that may have been attached to the upper portion
of the stone, I couldn't tell. The closer I approached, the stronger I could feel what I can only describe as
silent acoustic vibrations. Internally it felt like I was standing next to a stadium speaker at a concert but
externally, absolute silence. The higher the intensity I could feel, the higher the stone rose. I only made
short glances as explicit instructions were given to keep eyes down and forward as well as signs on the
walls of entry stating that crossing the yellow line that was the path gave indication that you would be
My father mentioned some vague details to an individual that he had become friends with, hunted with
and known for years, who was (allegedly) a tier one operator, immediately severed all ties with my
Later I was injured in a combat jump when the soldier behind me threw his static line and exited,
causing the injuries that medically retired me from service. I recognized the man but I will not say from
where. After retirement, I have tried to stay off grid and it has been crippling financially but I am afraid
that my father and I were exposed to something we should never have seen and there was a price. I
decided to become an executive protection specialist in California and some time later, applied to a
major private sector security firm and was directly asked if I had ever been to range 19. I politely said no
and recused myself and drove that moment from Las Angeles, nonstop back to North Carolina where I
became homeless for three years. Things are better than they were now but I can't help wonder. I have
no interest in social media, being filmed, publicly interviewed or "selling my story." I am too afraid. I
would much rather go back to war than put this out there. I have great respect for you and your work.
That is the only reason I thought you should know. Godspeed.
Best regards,
Team Member
2
