{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:46:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 304328, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124777-email-from-witness-10526-witness-poc-4-8-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "709aa9cc04bc51e74f1f239fdbce782068eeea22c2cd0253e696985dcac461b0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4084, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page I of 2
Main identity
From:
To:
Sent:
Subject:
"Dr. Steven Greer" 4
Friday, April 09, 2004 3:37 PM
Fw: My Personal Info. & UFO Experiences (including around Mt. Blanca)
- Original Message -
From: "
To: X
Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2004 5:45 PM
Subject: RE: My UFO Experiences & Personal Info.
Dear Ms. L>
Here is my personal info:
My name, SXXXXXX
I have a small airplane i give instruction in: Piper Tomahawk N2456D
I would like to send you 2 more accounts of UFO experiences (for now, the others I will send later):
Between the years 1976 and 1980, I made numerous investigative flights to Trinidad, Colorado. While at Trinidad
I met a District Attorney's Investigator for that judicial district by the name of Lou Girodo. Because of my
numerous trips there, Lou and I became good friends. On one of these trips, how we became involved in a UFO
conversation, I don't recall, but Lou told me of a very strange encounter he had. He informed me that when he
was a Deputy with the Las Animas County Sheriff's Office, he was several miles east of Trinidad on a plateau
overlooking a valiey in the ard prairie east of Trinidad. He said he got out of the patrol car and looked out at the
valley below and was surprised to see a craft appearing to be a classic UFO, circular or at least oval in
appearance, apparently landed on the ground with what appeared to be an entrance opening on the top side
edge of the craft. What was more bizarre to him and to his surprise, he told me, was that a few feet away from
the craft was a smail figure appearing to be in a silvery white uniform or dress, apparently communicating with a
person. This figure, appearing human in looks with a larger head than that of human's, was standing very close to
the person. Lou said that the person was obviously a ranch person, dressed with a cowboy hat. Lou said, to his
surprise also, a pickup truck was also present not far away (20 to 30 feet). Lou said, that as he stared at this
unusual scene, both the figure and ranch person looked up toward Lou's direction and both quickly moved, one,
the figure to the craft and the other, the ranch person, to the pickup truck. The UFO then quickly departed almost
straight up and the pickup truck sped away in a cloud of dust. The area in which this occurred, is and still is in
open range prairie with some rolling hills and flat plateaus. Lou, incidentally became the Sheriff of that county,
years later. I am sure he is still in Trinidad, if one wants to contact him.
in the summer of 1979, I was assigned to fly surveillance on possible illegal cloud seeding activities that were
occurring in the San Luis Valley where Alamosa Colorado is located. I was to contact an Air Force Reserve radar
operator, located there, who was assigned to work with me in this surveillance effort that was ordered by the
Governor. The radar operator, I believe a Sergeant, located targets with the mobile radar unit, while / was flying
over the San Luis Valley and he would give me vectors to the targets. I would then fly to the targets and attempt
to identify them in an effort to determine whether there was any illegal cloud seeding. I spent three days in the
Valley with the radar operator. And this was what we encountered most of the time. The operator guided to a
target and gave me the targets position; "traffic at one o'clock, three miles. Traffic tured left, now at ten o'clock,
one mile. Traffic at 12 o'clock and heading toward Mount Blanca. Traffic at etc., etc." Each time the controller
gave me a target, I never did see it. At the end of each day, the radar operator and I met and our first and almost
only discussion was the traffic targets I could not see and he saw on his radar screen. I told him that the targets
at the time they were given to me were from one mile to five miles away, easily I could have seen them. Other
targets that were that close that were actual airplanes, I could readily see. This is though, the startling statement
from the radar operator that got my attention. The operator said that the targets were not heat anomalies
4/10/04

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 591, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 2
because he had experience with such phenomenon and these fargets were able to fum very rapidly and speed
and slow down also very rapidly. He informed me that he was not going to make any report concerning this
experience and 1 told him I wasn't going to make a report either. Since the 70's, the San Luis Valley has been an
area of numerous UFO sightings, that I've read in the news papers and other media.
In my next e-mail, I will tell you about seeing a UFO at night while flying out of the San Luis Valley with 3 law
enforcement officers on board.
Thank you, XXXXXXX
4/10/04
