{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T13:41:18Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 389341, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304237435027400, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124778-witness-10592-witness-poc.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541049690000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124778-witness-10592-witness-poc.pdf", "source_sha256": "7d2aca0ca44f27af5846a8bc2174aa043da5f3d37d021e1ea4084d297d026474"}

September 18 1996


Dear      and    ,

     Thank you for your letter and referral to            . He
and I spoke together on the phone the other day.

     I must say I was very surprised to hear you referred me to a
CIA agent (by his own admission). You know what they say, "Once
CIA, always CIA." I believe             is a dangerous man. He is
responsible for continuing to discredit those who search for
further evidence. He has a closed mind, unwilling to entertain
factual evidence.       was and I'll bet still is on the
government payroll with the CIA, NSA and DIA. He is the major
source for the 1994 Air Force Report on Roswell, in spite of the
catastrophic mistakes he made, namely leading the Air Force to
print that the Roswell crash was really Project Mogul Balloon
number 9 (because it was launched in July 1947) and then being
forced to retract the story when they realized that the mission
had been scrubbed and there was no launch of balloon number 9.
Pflock, and the Air Force then said it was balloon number 4,
which couldn't have been because first it was made of neoprene--a
standard weather balloon--not polyethylene, and the Air Force
already admitted that the wreckage was not a weather balloon, and
second, the Mogul 4 balloon had no metallic parts, except for a
sonobouy. This left the 1994 report admitting the previous story
was a lie--a coverup--but without a new story to take its place.
Thank you Karl Pflock.

     When talking with      , I felt as if I were addressing the
O.J. Simpson jury. (Let's just ignore the evidence and arrive at
the verdict •we want to hear) Though      claims to have examined
the evidence in detail, I noticed that he refuses to apply
evidentiary procedure to the matters at issue. Namely, you can't
be a little bit pregnant.

     First and foremost, he discounts eye witness testimony,
fails to address                 i ores the testimony of Wright
Field Base Commander L                     and reinterprets t
video taped deposition of G era     uBose--then Colonel DuBose-;
the man who admits to fabricating the weather tutrt5bl Tory.
While DuBose does riot admit the Roswell crash was a spacecraft,
       (he wouldn't say what it was) he does admit that General McMullen
       gave the existence and recovery of the Roswell wreckage a top
       secret priority above the H-bomb--a little extreme for a
       polyethylene balloon (         and the most recent Air Force
       assertion) wouldn't you say?

            How come when other Project Mogul balloons were downed a few
       months later, their recovery didn't receive the same attention? "
       They were just merely kept classified; NOT TOP TOP SECRET, or
       ULTRA. I wonder why? Our fear of Russian spies hadn't changed.

            I suspect that             is a paid dis-informer--one who
       feels he is answering to a higher governmental authority and as
       such is justified to do whatever he can to prevent public
       disclosure, a la the CIA Robinson Panel of 1952, or the Brookings
       Institute Report of the 1960's. He has decided to play devil's
       advocate to sell more books to the Carl Sagan apostles of the
       world.

            Personally I believe that there is one man alive who,
       hopefully, will someday remember the whole truth. He was there
       and had knows what happened first hand. He desires not to talk
       about it. I can respect that. Or perhaps he is being intimidated
       not to talk by the likes of            . But that permits what is
       perhaps the greatest event in the history of the world, to remain
       a military secret. No disrespect intended.

            I have no doubt that if Roman Military Commanders could have
       classified the existence of Jesus Christ as a Top Secret, and
       sequestered he and his followers from the very beginning, they
       would have done so. If none of us had ever heard about Christ
       would that mean he never existed? What would the world be like
       today? Maybe we'd all be Muslims.

            This active governmental link implies that    are both
       under watchful eyes.
I' >

            I hope all is well. My Dad had to have emergency quadruple
       bypass surgery four weeks ago, but he is on his way to full
       recovery. The incident was traumatic for my mom, but she was
       right there for dad. I mentioned I was going to write. They said
       to send you their best. Please take care of yourselves, and
       please try not to be too annoyed by the multitudes of the
       curious. This letter is not intended to be rude, it's just that I
N
       have a tough time dealing with the              of the world, who
       instead of looking for evidence, take shots at the ones who find
       it.

       Best regards,


       Bob R
