{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:31:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1614928, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124729-michael-herrera-united-states-arv-testimony.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e83418098d51e47150710196ad1e62a1d96c634f66c378b88b1237d23dbfa40"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1657, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARV Testimony from October 2009
September 30" on the western coast of Indonesia,
a 7.6 magnitude earthquake caused a lot of
devastation to the Western Area of Sumatra.
Padang City was the AO we were heading into to
help for humanitarian assistance.
Us as US Marines who were apart of the 31* Marine
Expeditionary Unit which was attached to the 7*
Naval Fleet, do security and Maritime operations
out in Southeast Asia, this time it happened to be
for Humanitarian Response. Apart of the 7" Fleet
was a ship I was aboard which was the USS
Denver. (LPD-9)
As a Marine with 2ª Battalion, 5" Marines, Echo Co.
2 Platoon, we were an Infantry Company that was
SOC with partaking directly in Amphibious
Assaults. The LPD ship was Designated to hold a
section of AAVP-7A1 in the well deck. We also had
CH-53s as well as some Ch-46 Helos on our Flight
Deck.
On September 30" we were routed to break apart
from the 7* Fleet dealing with Humanitarian
operations in the Philippines which was hit by a
typhoon. When we reached to the Western part of
Indonesia, we dropped anchor and had a briefing
in the Ward Room on the ship. The briefing was
talking about the local populations as well as
Former President Obamas family members being in
the area.
A Seal Platoon was present on ship to engage with
that operation, we were responsible for providing
security for supply drops to the locals which
included Sheltering items, clean water and food.
We were also briefed that local insurgents in the
area were trying to take over parts of the city and
engage with firefights with police. We were
instructed to be armed with standard issue
m16A4s along with 6 full magazines.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 1961, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We boarded on a CH-53 and proceeded to head to
land, we arrived at a small runway close to the city
that had a blue control tower that was caved in
from the earthquake. We touched down briefly on
the runway and then we proceeded to head to the
far northern part of the city.
When then landed with only 6 of us total, we
pushed to an area that had a sloping ridge about
300 meters out from the LZ. It was filled with thick
vegetation and tall trees. When we approached the
ridge and positioned about 30 meters between
each marine with established fields of view and fire
if needed. We thought it was strange to the fact of
not receiving any comms,
When I had looked down the slope on the north
side, I could see something moving and rotating,
at the same time it was changing colors between a
very light matte grey to a very dark matte black. It
stood out against the terrain and of the setting of
the environment, eventually we all saw it.
Normally we would call something like this in, since
we didn't have comms we were not able to. At that
point we decided to investigate it. We were walking
down the sloop and I had an old Panasonic camera
with video that I took of this as we were heading
down, as I was walking down, we were in a tactical
column and once we got within 50 meters of the
object, I put my camera in my dump pouch i had,
we were spotted by a group of military guys who
were wearing black cammies, black IOTVS,
equipped with M4s with Acogs and Peq 16s for IR.
One guy had a radio but no earpiece. they also had
either H&K pistols or Sigs in a drop holster.
They contacted us by pointing their weapons which
we could audibly hear the weapon safety lever
flipping off safe. Only 2 of the "soldiers" were
speaking to us. They asked us who we were, what
we were doing, said we weren't supposed to be
here, and they could kill us. They took our Military
CAD card or ID, they photographed them with a
phone possibly and then tried to scan them with

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 1917, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
something that looked like our BATS system which
does Biometric logging.
As this is going on I saw 4 up armored F350 trucks
that were painted matte black, had 2 large weapon
cases in the truck bed and had a separate trailer
that hauled a smaller metal box like a shipping
container, it had a cylinder on the front of it.
They were driving onto a platform that was under
the object and 4 guys would hop out of the truck
and began unloading the contents and driving off
and disappearing.
The "soldiers" proceeded to take and clear our
and sons ands. We were stil witching this ground
down. We looked at each other, 3 of the soldiers
had facial hair, spoke in plain English and had
American dialects which makes me believe these
guys were definitely American.
The craft was rotating in a clockwise motion while
changing colors, it had a audible hum to it like a
sound of a transformer or similar to a guitar amp.
It was an octagonal shape with a pyramid at the
top of it that was black and had 'scales" that were
on the outside of the craft that covered the whole
craft. It had seams and sharp edges which I
suspect it to definitely be manmade. Nothing on it
was smooth. It had some panels on the vertical
edges that were like Vanta black.
When the last 2 trucks finished unloading and
drove off, the lower part of the platform rose off
the ground to about 10 feet and the craft lowered
to meet it and it came together into one piece like
the lower platform was the bottom of the craft.
It rose off the ground and a little past the trees
while on the corners of the craft, it had lights that
were changing between blue, red, yellow and
green. It got past the trees and then shot off to
our left towards the ocean at around what I
estimate 3000 to 4000 miles per hour. From a
dead stop, it didn't make any sound like a sonic
boom, it didn't disturb the trees like rotor wash
would, there were coconut trees that even the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 1897, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
coconuts weren't even blown off.
As the craft left, I didn't see any other vehicles or
soldiers like the 8 that contacted us. They were
saying how easy it was for us to be lost in the
jungle or even easy to be thrown out of a
helicopter. They told us to face the slope we came
from and proceeded to load our magazines in our
pouches and made our M16s condition 4. They
then slung the weapon on our backs but looping
the sling over our heads the were rubbing it hard
on our necks while trying to sling the weapon
which cut my skin.
They still kept telling us how they could kill us and
calling us names and asking each other if they
should waste us. Once we got over the hill they
told us to get the fuck away from here and don't
look back, we then ran on foot back the path we
took from
i the LZ and a gunnery Sergeant was
there and asked us why we were back so early, we
got chewed out for it. He also asked why we were
all condition 4.
We waited for the bird to come back and to load up
back to the ship, we then turned our weapons in
and stored our gear in our birthing area. We
proceeded to go back onto the flight deck and was
debriefed by a rear admiral. Never seen him before
and it was just odd why he would be there.
Fast forward to a few days and we docked in Subic
Bay for liberty for a few days, we enjoyed
ourselves, did was marines do best besides warfare
and drank. We had to be back to the ship around
2100, I got to my rack and my camera was on it,
but the sim card and battery were removed, and it
was in my locker which was secured.
The other marines with me had all their phones
missing as well. Shortly after we got back to Camp
Hansen Okinawa. The A-duty got a call from our CP
and he instructed us i had to report there. I ran
over and was told to go into an office, which then
an Air Force Lt. Col walked in, and I gave the
appropriate greeting, he then told me to keep my

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 497, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mouth shut and slid a paper to me which was an
NDA.
Thinking that the event would never surface, here
it was in my face, only thing I recall was it saying
ISSCI on it, also talked about location which was
Padang. I was freaked out and skimmed through it
and signed it, the Lt. Col then told me I never saw
anything and I'm not to say a word about it and no
one in my chain of command is to know no matter
the rank. I left back to my barracks and haven't
spoke about it for almost 14 years.
4/2/23
