{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T07:09:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 388581, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124774-dan-willis-witness-poc.pdf", "source_sha256": "fefc5bea35cf7e14e5c9542697131b74909f09c02c0c06f19964087d31f1187d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 2917, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Confidential
3/22/01
Page 16
CBS Special Assignment: "UFO Project"
Aired Wednesday, May 23, 2001, at 11 p.m
By Dan Wills
On May 21 st a CBS News Special Assignment team came down from Los Angeles and
did a lengthy interview with Dan Willis, a military top-secret witness for the Disclosure
Project and Rob Baldwin Director of the San Diego UFO Society. The reporter was
given this assighment because the upper management saw the CNN Headline News
broadcast of the Disclosure Project at the National Press Club in Washington DC.
CBS in Los Angeles contacted Mr. Baldwin through the local CBS affiliate in San Diego,
which covered a story concerming a gigantic whirlpobl off the coast of San Diego. CBS
interviewed Rob Baldwin regarding the possibility of this phenomena being a UFO
underwater, also known as a USO, (Unidentified Submerged Object) creating the
ehormous, never betore seen, whirlpool. There was an opposing explanation from
Scripts Institute of Oceanography, saying that it was just a natural occurring
phenomenon, even though no one had ever seen anything even close to this in San Diego.
I was informed by Mr. Baldwin that it was mentioned to him that the Scripts Institute of
Oceanography was strongly opposed to the release of this media exposure and tried to
stop this piece from being aired with a threat of legal action against the CBS station
affiliate KFMB Channel 8 in San Diego. The UFO whirlpool story drew so much traffic
on the KFMB.com web site that it actually overloaded and shutdowh the site which they
linked to the San Diego UFO Societies web site www.sdufo.com regarding the UFO
interests.
Mr. Baldwin told CBS that he knew one of the 21 witnesses that appeared in Washington
DC for the Disclosure Project and that he would be willing to do an interview with them
as well. Before the meeting I realized time would be to short to brief them on an
overview of the entire Disclosure Project topic. I brought along the 500 page briefing
document and the Executive Summary and thought, we are never going to have enouga
time to do this so that we would both have a clear objective of the course the interview
would take! So as any other top-secret extraterrestrial military witress professional
would do, I got out my drawing pad and proceeded to draw some cartoons.
Upon meeting the reporter, I held up the briefing documents and said we can review this
or it you prefer l have drawn out a quick visual aid'the impressive well researched
documentation that Dr. Greer and Prof. Loder put together added greatly to the credibility
but she had a sigh of relief when I brought out the cartoon pictures!
The drawings historically sequenced through the steps of early ET visitations in the 40's
and the reason for cover-up of ET crash retrievals and highly classified dissemination of
these intergalactic vehicles to corporations which derived through reverse engineering
BAE VIDEO INVENTORY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3485, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Confidential
3/22/01
Page 17
many technologies which were released to the public and many which remained highly
classitied in the interest of national security. Then showing the turning point of control
from our known constitutional government to the illegal covert operations within the
government structure that is orchestrated by financial controlling powers of the world and
theirjaestructive dead end course of control and profit at the sacrifice of everything else
Now for the first time a civillan organized group has been able to pierce this veil of
secrecy with hundreds of credible witnesses each with a piece of a larger picture showing
that we have the ability to change this course for the entire planet. We haye the ability to
circument inevitable destruction though the disclosure of the ET presence and the
suppressed technologies. This knowledge would lead to the banning of any space
weaponry and would up open up a cultural exchange with other beings of the universe
that the modern world has never seen.
Although this reporter had done some preliminary research on the subject using the
disclosureproject. org web site, she was surprised at the fact that congressibnal hearings
were being sought for the release of suppressed technologies that could end the energy
crisis.
I made it clear to her that the entite purpose of my interview is to state one thing and that
is that "we have a solution to the energy crisis" and are willing to bring forth the
scientists to prove before a scientific inquiry board before congress that these
technologies can give free non-polluting energy and have been suppressed for over 50
years. It is critical for the future of Earth to have this released now.
Although there are many aspects of the deeply complex Disclosure Project, I chose to
focus on the "solution to the energy crisis" topic because, when I was meeting with
members of congress and the senate we sat in on some hearings and the number one topic
was on energy shortages and pollution problems. People are concerned about daily
functioning with enough electricity to do their work and gasoline to get to work and
about the air they breath especially in Los Angeles, California. This comes down to the
necessity of making money and health concerns of the average person. This is of a much
higher priority in terms of day-to-day life rather than whether or not ETs exist. With
energy crisis and pollution problems in the headlines, one would think that anyone saying
they have a solution would cause everyone to be alleats. That is the objective. The rest
of the complex aspects of how we have this solution, and how it's origin was derived
through reverse engineering ET craft, in addition to the extraterrestrials, the covett
government operations, space weapons etc. will naturally unfold into the full story when
the testimomies of hundreds of credible witnesses are allowed to be heard in open
congressional hearings.
The reporter promised me that the solution to the energy crisis would be included in the
broadcast. In the majority of the interview I focused on the fact that we have ET derived
technologies that we are sitting on that can help an ailing planet now. My reasoning
behind this is when people hear on a newscast that the Disclosure Project is saying that
UFOslare Real and ETs exist and that they have hundreds of witnesses to prove it and
they are seeking congressional hearings but no hearings are planned, without a single
BAE VIDEO INVENTORY

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 2794, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mention of suppressed technologies that need to be released. The common reaction is
"wow that's interesting, I knew there had to be something to all that with all those UFO
reports, but with all the current critical problems in the world I doubt Washington is
going to give it much priority, but good for Dr. Greer for taking that bold approach"
So the day after the interview before the broadcast the reporter called me up and left a
very apologetic message on my voicemail saying...
"Oh gosh I don't know how to say this... I had some problems with the piece and
basically 1 was told I had to cut a lot of the good points..... But it's still a decent piece it
still gets the Disclosure Project out there, and the fact that people are asking for hearings.
Unfortunately it hadn't gone the way I had planned it."
Later after the piece had aired we spoke directly and the reporter shared that...."
"There was not enough time in this short segment to cover basically anything else other
than we are seeking congressional hearings regarding the extraterrestrials"
•
Again I emphasized that the public needs to be made aware that we are asking open
congressional hearings to release the suppressed technologies that can solve the energy.
and pollution crisis.
She replied that it would be possibly too much information for the public to deal with at
once. I told her that she may be right and that we should have a follow up interview with
the scientists such as Prof. Loder and Lt. Col. Bearden or other qualified scientists as a
series explaining to the public what the Disclosure Project is about in greater depth than
the mere postulation of the existence of extraterrestrial life visiting us.
She said that she would be glad to do that but her higher executives would not allow her
to touch the story until November, being the next network ratings period and would be
the only time considered in the interest of ratings.
Again I alluded to the fact that if this subject was to have a series done on it, that I
promised her there would be an inexhaustible amount of information that would keep all
the viewers glued to their screens all the way to November.
We concluded that she would call me sometime before November for the next interview.
The reporter honestly did her best to create a good report and she was right the report was
put out there with a sincere tone to it. I thank CBS for that. Also I can understand the
higher executives being concerned that unfolding more of this than what CNN has
exposed may be a bit much for the public to process. It appears this is the time for the
UFO/ET reality news announcements that will open the doors for the more in-depth
series reporting which this subject needs full coverage of, being the most important news
story ever in modern history.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 2947, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERVIEW OF PHILIP CORSO JR: desia talents" color do pose n
Philíp Cořsó,J.«You bẹ dareful that many kids in the car now, don't let them distract you
Interviewer i. This is part of the stack of documents, memors of one Corso Vich tr
show the 'extraordinary.!
this document"
document between the EB [unclear] and the human being júst put' together by an öld 1' ro
intelligence officer, my father. He would never change the story and ting that. prett
remarkable becalise my wife and t'at many times and we wé looked at each oilet said, to
you believe !*'[tape abruptly paused].
but in image of so orjust wast there should riel this sy or should hotel this."
guy? He just [tape abruptly paused].
Interviewer 1: ... stress analysis?
Interviewee 2: Yes, behaviors, manners and stufflike that*"Ve bi dorei d,s,
Philip ConsorT: Well, that is one that inaudible. In thatfour years before he passe di
interviever 1: Does your mother know tape abrily pausea: ?: T-
Philip Corso, Tr.: The next time he was in 1957, after he took command of the 552 Missile
Battalion he had'several incidents in the desert. One of them is a cave that the GT showed *
them that was there and it was all these animals, and had' water in the cave, and it was a cool
place to go to at the desert and often many of the men would go up there and himself of !..
just for excursion and something to do. You guys have to understand Red Canyon is very
isolated: There sno stores or a thing around They bita Church there i think was
highly inferesting
Later ön, there is a story that involves that but anyway he went to this cave and Whến hẻ was
in the cave he tell the story of the fist meeting with the alien in the cave? You want me to
go into detail on that?
Interviewer 1: Yes, that's very important.
Philip Corso,
re te said he was kind of laying back secping, rélaxing, dozing oft and all
of a sudden he rolled over and pulled his gun. They'always wore their gun whenever they
were off their post up there. He pulled the guń and pointed it towards this form he says? He
he ses that has a ye of helmet or wilt ye or the i tect ofes it bit and,
band. He drew pictures of it or had an artist draw it.
This creature asked him' to shut down his radars for 15 minutes. 'Fe says that he figured in
his head how does this thing know that I'm the only person thạt could give that command to
shut these radars down? He asked the creature, "well why should T'do it'or what's in it for
me?» "The creäture answered, "a niew World if you can take i *A th time, that had lite t
no meaning to him only in' late' days did'it have a meaning to it. Te went out of the cave?
called Sergeant Rex up fold him to shut own the radars and he says that as he was' leaving
the cave helsées the creature'standing at the end of the cave and he does kind of a gesture!
with his hand which wasn't a salute or wasn ta wave or anything but he saluted it back.?
That was basically the end of the encounter there.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 3860, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interviewer I: Where did it go? Did they gó into a ship?, at hits ears. it is ur.
Philip Corso, Jr.: No, he never said. But later on his radars they picked up, this is the same:
year '57 and I don't know the exact date, but he left 12 hours of film that gives exacting ,
details. They picked up a ship moving over 3,000 miles an hour through the atmosphere. It
went down near Red Canyon. He had a light airplane then and he got the pilot and he flew
up and looked around and saw a shiny object on the ground. He figured that he would
investigate closer by himself so he landed, did not take anybody with him, got one of the old
staff cars, went out into the desert and he says he found a craft
He says it was perfectly smooth, it was oval shaped, more like a cigar than a saucer, stuck
into a side resting against a rock sideways. He said this thing would fade out completely
and then fade back in. He thought he was hallucinating and he couldn't figure this out, what
was going on. He was scared to death he says but he managed to take a tumbleweed and
throw under it when it was gone just to see if he was hallucinating or if it was real. It came
back again, he says that he touched it. It was cool to the touch on the side. He says when it
disappeared again or went back out of faze again the tumbleweed was crushed so he knew it
was physical. He said there were footprints around the craft.
I always felt like there was more there that he hasn't told, just my personal feeling because
you don't see footprints in a craft, I don't think, without having a second encounter but
that's my own personal view. He says the ship began to vibrate, he says he got scared and
jumped back in the staff car, threw it in reverse, he went flying backwards and he says the
motor stalled. He said he saw the thing rise up, turn, and go up into the air, and then it went
into an envelope that it kind of inplated [phonetic] into. He says that later on he told Bon
Bon [phonetic] about it, he told Obert about it, which were on his scientific teams. He knew
them because he was in charge of Operation Paper Clip for President Eisenhower.
So this is a man of credentials telling a story like this. My wife and I always said this story
is bull, you know are we to believe him? I must say this about my father, when you see his
presence on film and if you knew my father for only a few minutes, he never would change
his story. He would never make the fish longer, and when he told the story he would tell it
in front of anybody, he didn't care who they were, credibility, credentials or whatever. He
would tell it the same as he would tell any other stories about MIAs, or so like that or such.
[Pause]
Philip Corso, Jr.: ... yeah, they would do research for the White House, they were part of
Operation Paper Clip. They would do research, for instance, if you want to know one of
them, my dad was the declassifying officer on the project Terizon [phonetic]. See President
Kennedy really didn't do such a great thing when he said we're going to send a moon
landing by whenever it was 1967, or whenever he promised, the end of 1969. That had
actually all been proposed in project Terizon.
Obviously, I would say that the President probably knew about this because it was
classified at the time. Later on when it was put into the book, my dad was the declassifying
officer on that so he knew it was ... I remember seeing that as a boy by accident. I picked it
up off his desk one day and it was about an inch thick and it had all color photos in it. I said,
"wow look at this space stuff." Of course, I didn't know what it was, if it was a fiction book
or what it was but I do remember seeing it. [Pause]
He speaks of a man named Wilbert Smith, which was a great investigator of UFOs and
phenomenon, built a lot of machinery for magnetism and tested the lines that was Canadian.
