{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T23:20:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 12131539, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304224934907446, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124722-witness-10487-united-states-panama-1989-encounter-christian-writer.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541041130000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124722-witness-10487-united-states-panama-1989-encounter-christian-writer.pdf", "source_sha256": "7876eec57ae9554d4c1e8aae76da5c27bca81db03446811755168ab38942aa6b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2404, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
wrote t
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Attachments:
XXXXX>
Sunday, February 12, 2023 1:59 PM
Fwd: Dr. Greer Team Request
Xm>
pere
Forwarded message -
From: XXXXXXXX
Date: Fri, Feb 10, 2023 at 3:17 PM
Subject: Dr. Greer Team Request
To: iX
‹m>
name
could
E cave to
publically
Stenger
• woked
Dr. Greer's Team,
Hello, I am .
, the retired Chief of Cyber Operations for the US Western Air Defense
Sector (as of Dec 2021), and published author of multiple genre, but most notably, Christian Ufology.
I have been following Dr. Greer for a while now, and I believe I have the background and
experience to offer a unique perspective on the UFO/ET phenomenon, that you probably haven't
heard from most Christians. To that end, I would like to offer my consultation with people you
encounter, both in government and in the military, when situations may warrant it.
BACKGROUND
I joined the Active Duty Army fresh out of High School, served in combat in the Panamanian
Conflict back in 1990, and later transitioned to the Air National Guard at the 144th Fighter Wing in
Fresno, CA. It was there where I reached the rank of E9 as the Chief of Cyber Operations for the US
Western Air Defense Sector.
Relative to your UFO research, I had an avid interest of life in the cosmos from a young age. Part
of this came from my great grandmother's testimony. She was the wife of a minister for 60 years, and
in her later years, when I was only 5 years old, she announced to our entire family that when she was
a little girl, she and her sister saw a cigar shaped UFO during broad daylight, flying over the plains of
Kentucky. They had never seen a motorized vehicle of any sort, much less something that could fly.
They were so close to it, they even saw it's humanoid occupant through a transparent bubble on top.
When they told their mother, she swore them to secrecy, telling them to never say anything to anyone
about it ever again, and so they did, until some 60+ years later. Thelma's sister died as a teen, so
Thelma kept this to herself for most of her life. When she announced this to the family, it was most
unexpected from such a devoute Christian, yet she spoke with conviction, "I don't care what anyone
thinks, those things are realiẠại
My great grandmother never lied, and there is no reason I, nor anyone else, could ever dream up,
that would cause her to contrive such an outlandish testimony, if it weren't real.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 3741, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
never thought to reconcile her faith with this event. She simply believed both were real,
end of story.
As for me, many years later, I was compelled to reconcile my faith with this other reality I knew was
also real, because these days, a great deal of new age occult baggage has accumulated around this
phenomenon. Also, the existence of life on other planets is frequently assumed to support the theory
of evolution, which many theologians contend is antithetical to Christianity.
Listening to Dr. Greer's speeches, I suspect it is safe to say, he might believe in God, but I suspect
he is not a Christian. However - please hear me out, because this next part leads me to what I have
to offer.
In 1989, when I was in the Active Duty Army Infantry, I was deployed to the Panamanian Conflict. It
was in the jungle of Panama where I encountered a flashing, glowing ball of electricity, about the size
L of a soccer ball. I was with my teamleader at the time. This thing, whatever it was, was primarily
invisible, but when it flashed on, about ever 30 seconds or so, it would be in a different location. It
was as bright as a camera flash - blinding.
My teamleader was freaking out, about to lose his mind when I told him I wanted to communicate
with it. I reasoned with him, saying if it wanted to kill us, it would have done so already. It was pure
electricity - clearly very powerful. I was the M-60 gunner in my platoon, and I was wearing my M-60
with 750 rounds of ammo at my disposal. We also had a field radio sitting nearby, with a 6 foot
antenna, and several spare lithium batteries in my pack. I figured, if this thing was ball lightning, it
probably would've struck the radio antenna, or my M-60, but instead, it moved directly to our position
from deep in the jungle, and when it reached us, it stopped and hovered in the same location, as if it
was checking us out. I wondered if it might have been a probe of some sort. I had night vision
goggles, and when I scanned the area with them, it was completely invisible when it wasn't flashing.
Because of its behavior, I suspected an intelligence was behind it, so I went into full on
mode, and initiated first contact, against my team leader's direct order. I simply couldn't pass up this
once in a lifetime opportunity, even if it cost me my life.
So I set down my weapon, moved into a clearing, and directly faced the location where this thing
last flashed. I then introduced myself, said I have only peaceful intentions, despite the hostile
¿weaponry nearby. I then asked this thing, if it was truely alive, to please identify itself.
1A few seconds later, and overwhelming sensation enfulfed me, like an energy enveloped me.
Imagine that sensation of being watched, multiplied by a thousand. This thing was emitting its
presence to me somehow, and then I felt it moving toward me. So this wasn't a language, or any kind
of communication I know of, but somehow it was letting me know where it was at. As it approached
me, I had to fight the urge to panic and run, because it was extremely powerful. I took a few steps
backward out of impulse, and I started muttering to Corp. StengerỗẠt's moving toward me, I can fell it,
oh shit, it's moving.iạỊại
But I took a deep breath to calm myself, then I lifted my night vision to try and see it again. I still
couldn't see it, but I could feel exactly where it was at, so I pointed my night vision goggles where I
felt it moving.
This thing was about 30 feet up in the air, in the trees, when it approached our position. I felt it
lower somewhat, but it stayed above my head. I felt it fly right over my head, then to about 20 feet
behind me. I spun around in a 180, facing the opposite direction as before, while still looking through

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 3634, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
my goggles. I then said to
I feel it, I don't know how I feel it. But the next time it
flashes, it's going to flash right about..
When I said the word "there," while pointing and looking through my goggles, it flashed, exactly
where I was pointing. It was as if it flashed on queue, waiting for me to point and say "there."
I totally flipped out, extremely extatic and filled with awe.
wasn't the kind of guy to
share my enthusiasm, he was still on high alert, and babbling excuses. "Maybe it's some sort of
technology they deployed from a carrier in the gulf, like a laser or something."
Nope. I didn't let this go, because
er was a major antagonist on me since day one. I
had a reputation for having an avid interest in otherworldly things, and I used to be mocked all the
time by those Army grunts. On the one hand, I didn't do myself any favors - I had a veritable library of
paranormal books in my dorm, complete with crystal ball, runes, insence, and the like, and I was an
avid gamer of Dungeons & Dragons. These aren't typical Army grunt things, and anything that singled
anone out as odd or different than the norm, was a target of ridicule. Those guys were ruthless.
But here we were out in the jungle around midnight, witnessing something not found in any Biology
text book.
was now on MY TURF! This thing was definitely alive, and it was
transdimensional. I don't know if it was native to Earth or not, but it was definitely sentient, and it did
communicate with me, albeit in a very primitive or foreign way. It let me know that it was alive, it was
aware, and it was sentient. It telepathically transmitted its location to me, and I have no idea how it
did that. And it may have had a rudimentary grasp of my language, to flash on queue as it did. That
might not have been a coincidence, when it flashed.
So excitedly jabbed back to
, lasers shoot a straight beam, not light that bends and
maneuvers around in the jungle as a free roaming, intermittenly flashing ball of light. It wasn't swamp
gas - which is a perpetual liminosity, and it wasn't ball lightning, because that doesn't pop in and out
intermittently. Ball lightningg would have also been attracted to the radio antenna, or my M-60, but
this thing stopped when it reached us, rather than continuing toward something that would ground it.
It maneuvered amidst the many trees in the jungle terrain, and ball lighthing doesn't behave like that.
And most importantly, lasers, ball lightning, swamp gas, or any other natural phenomenon, aren't
capable of transmitting their location into a human brain with an overpowering sense of presence.
This thing was alive, and it was very powertul.
This happened when I was 20 years old, and it very much intensified my interest in the
unknown/paranormal.
The ball of light circled our entire permimeter, flashing on and off as it went, as if to get a view of
our positon from every angle. It then went down the trail, deeper into the jungle, and scoped out the
other two positions that were out there. I reported this the next day, and they told me about it as well,
but they didn't feel the need to keep talking about it. They preferred to bush it aside and forget it ever
happened. And when I persisted, asonished that they could be so dismissive, they started mocking
me as behing the one who summoned it.
Freaking rediculous.
Anyway, I left the Army after my tour was over, and when I was 21 years old, I had another
astonishing encounter. Here is where Dr. Greer might conduct an exit stage left - because I
encountered Jesus in a dream/vision. I wasn't looking for Him at the time. In fact, I lived a very worldly

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3493, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
life. I was in college at least, but other than that, I lived an aimless existence, high and drugs and
alcohol pretty much every day. I had a friend who needed a safe place to stash 8 pounds of weed, so
I dipped into his stage ever day, stoned for about 6 months straight. I also scored LSD periodically,
which took me to some seriously depraved places trying to find it. At the lowest point, my friend and I
arrived at a guy's house, and he was staring at a mirror in his bathroom, screaming at his reflection,
yelling "Get out of me!" He was ripping his chest hair out while doing so, and if that wasn't enough, his
pants were dropped around his ankles, and he shit all over himself.
This guy's girlfriend was freaking out, and she finally dialed 911.
When I was looking at this guy, I had the powerful sensation that he was keenly aware of being
possessed. I know he was also tripping on drugs, but I don't believe everything drugs open up people
to perceive, is entirely false. Drugs are intrinsically linked to sorcery, and unlocking powers in both the
mind and spirit - but that's another matter. The point with this guy is, I was looking at a possessed
human being, and it was deeply troubling.
And a few weeks later - when the drugs dried up, I was pretty miserable. I went to bed perfecly
straight that night, and had an astonishing dream, where an invisible presence was showing me many
things about where I was at in life, and what was going to happen to me if I didn't change the way I
was living. I was going to be in prison, or dead.
But in another part of the dream, there was a golden sunrise, and an overwhelming sense of peace
and joy.
When I woke up, recalled everything, knowing something very profound had happened that night.
Then when I got to the part of my dream where I saw evidence of an invisible person, I was really
puzzled about it, and I simply voiced a question into the serene silence of my bedroom. "Who was
thatại
I wasn't expecting an answer, but I received one! "Jesus" spoke a voice directly in my ear, audibly,
as if His lips were only an inch or two away.
I felt like I was struck by a bolt of lightning more intense than anything I had ever felt in my live. The
essence of pure love rushed through me, and I fell out of my bed and crumpled up on the floor,
convulsing in tears, with chills swarming all over my body. I felt Jesus in the center of my bedroom,
standing there - as real as anything you could imagine. God in human form, was paying me a
personal visit.
I don't know WHY me - I suspect my great grandparents were interceeding for me my entire life,
and now they were both on the other side, still praying for me. But for whatever reason, God changed
me that day, and I did a complete 180 in my life. All my friends said I got religion and were laughing at
me - biggest pot head of the century suddenly went straight. But anyway, that was my Ebenezer
Scrooge moment, because I was a different person that next day, and I've been a devout Christian
ever since.
However, some things stayed with me, including my intense curiosity of the unknown, for which I
have been accused by many Christians over the years, of having an unhealthy interest in the occult.
BUT there is a difference between the occult, and things we simply don't know about.
It was at this time that I started reading the Bible from cover to cover, and it didn't take me long
before I encountered Genesis 6. Recall from a young age, I was encyclopedic when it came to the
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 627, "chars": 3663, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
paranormal, but now I was reading the Bible, and discovering an ET presence in Genesis 6! It all
made perfect sense to me - the Bible has been talking about ETs all this time!
And so I began to research this out, and reconcile my new found faith with ET life, ever since. And
this research has led me on an unexpected journey, because I discovered that ETs are inextricably
linked with End Times prophecy.
For starters, Jesus said we would see a return to the days of Noah. Why did Jesus single out this
time in history, above all others? What was unique about Noah's time? It was otherworldly contact -
out in the open in Noah's day. And back then, the results were horendous, with Nephilim hybrids, both
animal and human, wiping out everything. The same happened in Atlantis if you read Plato's account.
And over 600+ legends that span the globe. The flood really happened, which most people are aware
of, at least in reference to a legend. But the more important aspect of Noah's flood, has been left out
of the narrative - and that's the backstory. Fallen angels (ETs - rebelling against God), were
corrupting the human genome, so God quarantined our planet, and wiped them out.
I know Dr. Greer is adamant, that ETs are good, and it's humans that are evil. I think he also
believes that the bulk of the horrific abduction accounts that people have recalled over the past few
decades, were conducted by our corrupt governments, hoaxing reverse enginnered alien technology,
and causing people to fear and hate them. That's fine, and I suspect that might have been going on
as well. But I don't think that's the full story.
There is another reason why our world has not been in open contact with ETs, and why we have
not been destroyed by them already - if, in fact, there are evil factions among them.
The Bible makes it clear - we're protected by good angels. There is a WAR in the heavens. Star
Wars is a lot more real than most people realize. There is a war that has been waged for a very long
time, and the epicenter of this was is Earth, where the rebellion was initiated long ago, but an angel
named Lucifer. The Bible actually speaks of a pre-Adamite civilization under the kingdom of Lucifer
on Earth, if you scrutinize the language and see what it's actually talking about in Isaiah 14, Ezekiel
28, and many other places. Lucifer/Satan was defeated, but has since been allowed some latitude to
exert his influence in the heavenly realm.
Satan rules this Earth in a higher dimension, directly above our heads in the sky (the prince of the
power of the air), but he doesn't have unlimited access to do whatever he wants. We are protected -
there's an intense game of 4D chess going on with this planet, and it involves both good and evil
factions in the multi-verse.
ut i have me men me a the matter have tie tasters degrees pubis the bi about
how to conduct research. I have 4 books in the Christian Ufology genre, and I attached the last two,
with my latest research. My research aims to help Christians understand the Bible with an updated
lens.
The relevance I offer to Dr. Greer's team, is to help those who have firm convictions of faith, to
understand that the Bible says much more about affirming ET life, than it does to refute it. It is
possible to be a Christian and believe in ETs - they don't have to throw their faith in the garbage when
confronted with this reality! There are ways to view this phenomenon that reconcile the existence of
ETs very clearly, and very precisely. One simple example is the existence of angelic chariots. Why do
they need them? A chariot, even a 2000 year old piece of technology, is still technology. They
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 2948, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•y use them, because they need them. Angels aren't all-powerful, only God is all-powerful. So
a that angels use technology, is clearly prevalent in Scripture. And that's just the start
/HAT I WOULD LIKE TO OFFER
If Dr. Greer has contacts with people who struggle with this phenomenon, because they believe it
is incompatible with their faith. In fact, this very reason, is a big part of why the United States is so
hesitant to push forward with disclosure. Those who are in the know about this stuff, in the top
eschelons of our government, don't think most Americans can handle this reality. We still have a
strong Judeo Christian heritage in this country, and because of this, there are a lot of top officials that
think we would see a return to George Orwell's War of Worlds. People will be losing their minds in
mass, but that's part of what my research addresses.
The Bible is very clear, not all angels are bad. In fact, most are good, and the good guys are the
reason why Earth isn't wiped out.
So it is my sincere hope and desire that Dr Greer and/or other members of his team, include me in
this "Team," for any matter that involves Christians not being able to grasp what's going on here. I
have been doing this on my own for many years, mailing copies of my books to churches, poloticians,
military personnel, media personalities, and the like, but the response is very minimal. Representative
Tim Burchette was among the very few to respond to me.
ridicule thorughout my carrer, but I didn't get to the rank of E9 because I had a few marbles loose.
Also - because I simply didn't care, and let people know what I think over the years, I've had many
occasions where personnel have confided in me about otherworldly issues within their careers.
I knew a guy that worked at Norad about 20 years ago, and he tracked 9 bus sized objects in the
upper atmosphere, flying in formation. We didn't have that tech back then. The shift commander
simply told him to keep his eye on that formation, and never clarified what they were.
I also knew a guy who witnessed a UFO fly over a military base, and blast a beam of light down on
the roof of the communications building. He pointed a radar device at this object, and the radar didn't
detect squat. It hovered for about a minute or so, then zipped away silently, and he was shocked to
the core.
So these things happen, and I am a very conservative Christian, yet I also believe in the existence
of ET life. My books go into great detail about this information, and I just want to get more involved
with people who are struggling with their faith, because of this central issue.
Disclosure is right around the corner. We need to address this issue of faith, and help people to
reconcile what's about to happen. That's where I would like to play a part.
Thank you for your patience in reading this book of an email
And I hope to hear from you some time in the future, thanks again!
waild
come
prvard

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1805, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
Attachments:
Raven <d >
Monday, March 20, 2023 9:29 AM
Re: Dr. Greer Team Request
The Strong Delusion - Strange God of Antichrist (Genre - Christian UFOlogy Book 3).pdf;
Untitled attachment 00434.htm; Chrstian UFOlogy.pdf; Untitled attachment 00437.htm
Hi
He is an interesting one. He really only wants to give moral support to any Christian on our team or to any supporter of
Steve's that may not be able to understand or accept the ET reality because of their belief system. He would be there to
prove even if a person is a Christian, ETs do exist and they are part of God's creation. Not all may be good though.
He did have a very interesting encounter which he described below and also has authored a number of books and has
found over 700 references in the Bible regarding the existence of extraterrestrial life.
He did enlist and do a short military tour, after being discharged got heavily into drugs and then had a dream with Jesus
and got straightened out. Has 2 Masters degrees.
Personally, the viewpoint may be slightly twisted. He also thinks we are in the throws of a cosmic war and Earth is the
battlefield with Satan and company. Could be true .
He really only wants to help if someone needs to affirm their faith along with believing in Ets.
On Mar 19, 2023, at 5:32 PM, Emily Greer <egreer406@gmail.com> wrote:
HI >
This is another I'm not sure if it fell between the cracks or if you have researched it.
Can you check out what this guy has written as best you can and see if he's someone we would not be
embarrassed to be associated with.
From: AXXXA^
Sent: Sunday, February 12, 2023 1:59 PM
To: X
XXXXX
Subject: Fwd: Dr. Greer Team Request
XXXXX>
.-- Forwarded message --
From
Date: Fri, Feb 10, 2023 at 3:17 PM
Subject: Dr. Greer Team Request
Toj
‹m>
XXXXXX
1
