{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:22:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 361793, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124802-witness-10526-witness-poc-additional-ufo-encounters.pdf", "source_sha256": "15b347848ecccba04cf11315896a5a37e6825f4d08c33839da8c1aa4efbd0106"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 754, "chars": 4584, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1 of 2
Subj:
Date:
From:
Reply-to:
To:
Fw: Continuing On UFO Experiences
4/14/2004 7:12:45 PM Easter Standard Time
(41
(Dr. Steven Greer)
Hi Steven,
Here are more of this witness' Colorado UFO stories.
XXI
—- Original Message —
From:
To:
sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2004 8:14 PN
subject: Re: Continuing On UFO Experience
File New
Witnerses
Ms
Again in 1979, early fall, still with the CBI, I was instructed to fly to Alamosa to conduct an arson crime scene
: Except for one, their names are
investigation. Also, I was to take along 3 other CBI Agents who were to tostify in District Court in Alamosa.
(also an arson investigator),
(a bulistics/torensics tech,
experienced in Vietnam ballistics, deceased in 1998) and the third was forensics anthropologist from India). We
flew to Alamosa at early morning. At approximately 7pm, we were done with our duties in Alamosa and met a a
local restaurant for dinner.
Some time after 8pm, we were driven to our CBI Cessna TU206 and took off near
9pm. I climbed out east, northeast bound toward the south edge of Mount Blanca, to cross over approximately La
Veta Pass. I was at approximately 13,500 feet and climbing (to 15,500 to insure clearing Mt. Blanca) and about
12 minutes out since takeoff. At this approximate altitude, I saw a large luminous bali appearing a pearl white in
color rising diagonally from the mountains of the Sangre De Christo range, about 5 miles south of Mt. Blanca. I
studied the ball closely, still scanning my instruments and watching for other aircraft. I wanted to see if there was
anything dangling from the ball or if it may be pear shaped with the point downward as if a balloon. After seeing
that there was nothing dangling from the bottom side of the ball and the ball being exactly circularly round in
appearance, I now surmised that the object was not a balloon. I then realized that the ball was luminous and the
moon was not out that night. So, the moon's absence, precluded the object's luminous shine. The moon, not
being around, did not then shine on the object to make it luminous. I then looked at
X Who was seated
next to me and realized he too was staring at the ball. I then asked, "Do you see what | see?" He replied, "Ya,
and that's no balloon!" With that statement,
looked between
and I and said, "Ya, I see it too!
Then too my surprise, the anthropologist said in a nasty tone,
"Don't get excited, you don't see anything, stop
that!" Of course we ignored the anthropologist and continued our small talk as we observed the object. I looked
at the anthropologist, and he appeared angry. We saw the object continue in a rapid diagonal climb until it
disappeared beyond the atmosphere. As in my past experiences, neither i nor and Joe reported the sighting.
I went to see
at his home in Denver in the fall of 1998. I asked him about our UFO sighting.
Although
was now terminally it,
Keyes lit up and he smiled and said he remembered well the UFO
sighting and it was one of his high lights in his life. Approximately two months later
e passed away.
Two weeks after the above sighting, i was ordered to fly
to Grand Junction, Colorado for a court
appearance. His testimony was before mid morning, so we were able to leave for the return trip near noon. I was
flying at 15,500 feet generally eastward bound, returning to the Denver area (Arapahoe County Airport). At a
point west of the X
• Colorado area, both X
and I observed what I thought was the moon, appearing to be
above the horizon (there was space between the terrain and the object). X
commented, saying, the moon
appears a strange orange and red (as in when the sun sets over the mountains and red, orange, and purple
colors of sunlight rays, color the clouds and mountains). The problem is that we are flying east not west, where
such colors are visible. As we continued flying east, the moon now appeared lower than we were. As we got
nearer, the object now was obviously below our attitude and approximately north of Mount Evans. The object now
could be seen to be a luminous orange, red appeared to have a strange flame like look all around the globe. We
passed over it at about 2500 feet or more. After passing over it, (the object never moved)
commented,
saying, "Twice in two weeks?" As before neither"
• I reported our sighting. I believe that the reason we did
not make any sighting reports is because first our supervisors were very narrow minded (i had several racial
encounters) and second, I am sure credibility was an issue with us and the supervisors being in the type of
Wednesday, April 14, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 248, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
eo 7 Drage 2 of 2

organization we were in (police).

| have 2 additional experiences, both sightings | had actually witnessed, to tell you about, the next time.

Headers

rom:
To: "Dr. Steven Greer"

Wednesday, April 14, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer
