{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:26:06Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 467810, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124875-witness-10592-2-witness-poc.pdf", "source_sha256": "4108e3ff17f33cdb10c6cd5068da89ab4c284fd9587d0106fcc478839b8061ff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1719, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
September 25, 1995
Dear Mr. and Mrs. X
I enjoyed meeting with X in Las Vegas. I hope we too can
get together in the not to distant future. It's odd, but I
recognized)
in the hotel lobby after all these years. We had
several discussions about our lives, and of course the Roswell
thing.
This subject matter is new for me. Had I not read
I would have never asked dad if he recognized any
of the names in the appendix. Since Mr. X
I didn't know
your first name was
I would have never put two and two
together.
I realize this publicity must be uncomfortable for you.
Unfortunately, as I' sure you're aware, it isn't likely to go
away. As you know, the Air Force officially admitted that the
weather balloon was a cover story. Their decision to announce
that the crash instead was a Project Mogul balloon wasn't wise
either, since it took very little research to point out the fact
that the Russians didn't explode their first atomic bomb until
August 1949, and that Project Mogul wasn't conceived until long
after the foswell crash.
The Axi! Air Corp photographer,
(maybe his real
name - maybe not), has broken secrecy rules and sold film footage
- lawfully government property - to Ray Santilli and the BBC. The
ethics of this move leave a lot to be desired, but maintaining
secrecy of ine information contained on the film is now a moot
point since the cats already out of the bag. (The BBC has already
aired some of it). According to material on
the Internet, future
programs to be aired include Harry Truman doing something with
the wreckage.
has now thrown his millions into the ring,
and plans to produce a movie titled Roswell, due to be released
in 1997. I would be surprised' if you hadn't already heard from
him.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2861, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
may have told you that I have written two novels, and
several screenplays, although none concern UFO's. Should there be
anything to this Roswell story, and should you someday decide to
tell it, I would be thrilled to write your story for free. I told
Joe I would help him or you write and organize the material only
If it was agreed that I would receive absolutely nothing in the
form of compensation, or credit.
This would allow you to eventually direct attention away
froll yourselves and be left alone. It would also allow you to
leave a legacy for your family or to the charity of your choice.
Whether or not you believe humanity has a right to know, it
appears that cameraman Jack Barrett has have taken that step
ahead of you, especially if the preliminary results on the 1947
film prove correct.. that it was shot on Cine Kodak Super XX, an
Army film type discontinued from manufacture in 1957. The Kodak
twenty year codes on the film indicate it could have been made in
1927, 1947, and except for the fact that the film type was
discontinued, 1967.
X apparently saved everything and
has produced a chain of proof to show that he was at Roswell
at the time (he has some still photos showing him with people
known to be there as well).
I have to admit, initially the creature looked like a dummy
to me...but the autopsy looked very convincing. Further, had the
whole procedure been a film hoax from the late forties,
or early
fifties, Hollywood would have made films left and right using the
technology. Keeping in mind that Star wars was made in 1977, and
ET in 1982, we quickly realize the ability to make such a
creature artificially in 1947 didn't exist. Back then they used
real people covered with make-up. Even the masks were poor. If
this is film from 1947, this greatly increases the likelihood
that the film is what it says it is...an alien autopsy. I enclose
a free copy of part one of three. It is the first thirty minutes
of 91 total minutes of film. I have also sent a few pages of
supplemental material, including the Cameramans statement. Mr.
cavitt, if the Roswell incident was the crash of an alien craft,
I have no doubt you will recognize if the film is authentic. You
will be able to form a conclusion before the results come in from
Eastman House and the independent labs currently involved in
chemically authenticating the age of the film.
Ine video made Irom the 16mm Illm shows 16 minutes of
autopsy•
The footage is from different reels and is NOT
consecutive. It is followed by roughly four minutes of tent
footage of wreckage, then four minutes of tent footage of a
medical procedure (who knows what)
The latter two are then digitally enhanced to remove grain then
repeated. As I mentioned this total video is about one third of
the total Iootage sold to the BBC. The remaining footage is
scheduled for release before year end.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 433, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
wag 904 , and cop concean as angela go gue mo
you wish to be left in peace, but this whole matter is out of
Pandora's box now.
On a lighter note, all is well here. My mom just had a knee
replacement operation
is doing well. Dad is still on the golf
course three times a week. I know they would love to hear from
you, or to see both of you if you could be convinced to visit.
I'll anxiously wait to hear from you.
Best wishes,
:
':..
