{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:39:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 375134, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124803-email-from-witness-11040-to-steven-greer-witness-poc-incontrovertible-proof-of-extraterrestril-life-5-30-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "6e86f631fcd6d94dd8d385fdd06bf38531ebd3b1cb0d0ef34b45b83060578c71"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2023, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj: Fwd: Interesting Note
Date: 5/30/01 7:56:08 PM Easter Daylight Tim
From: DrSGreet
To: X
urgent: print and savalsg
Forwarded Message:
Subj:
Interesting Note
Date: 5/30/01 7:27:38 PM Eastem Daylight Time
From:
Steven, et al,
This note was forwarded to me by a gentleman i met recently in regards to
our upcoming Symposium.
Thought you might find it of interest. Are you aware of this event? and who
was involved? I have no
contact names or numbers, just the note.
XXX
Incontrovertible Proof Of Extraterrestrial Life?
http://p3n.org/pn041901.shtml
Submitted to P3N
To Whom It May Concem:
I am sending this message to you because we fear what may happen to us, and
because we were specifically instructed to. Me and two other friends were
camping and were approached by alien beings, given incontrovertible proof
extraterestrial life, and told to make it known to the right channels.
We have a 30-minute video taken of the event (the aliens actually told us
to, and are speaking to the world in it). We have been given some kind of
disk and a book (written in what appears to be a strange symbol language,
with interpretations in about 10 other languages). We have been told by
these beings that this is the proof man has been asking for. We have made
copies of the video, as well as the thick document. Copies have been given
to various people to be sent to certain professors of universities (we were
given their names by the aliens), the major news agencies, as well as the
FBI, and CIA. In the event something happens to us before the world can be
notified of this, we were told to write to you. We are not joking, and we
are not playing games with this! This is real!
We are truly scared now. We do not know what to do next. We have heard so
many tales of black helicopters, govemment cover-ups and other bullshit,
that we just don't know who or what to trust anymore; yet we are compelled
to do as we were asked. All we know to do is send the copies of the video
Thursday, May 31, 2001 Compuserve: EmilyGreer
Page:

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and documents out to groups that will not charge others to view the
information.
Below is what happen to us on April 10, 2001 3:10 AM. May God be with us
My friends and I were camping in the Smokey Mountains. Around 3:10 AM, my
dog suddenly began whimpering loudly and trying to literally claw his way
into my sleeping bag. Startled, I suddenly woke up; thinking there was a
wild animal in the camp area. My sudden movements also roused my friends,
and we all woke to see walking directly in front of us, to our fearful
amazement, what we thought at first were 3 short Forest Rangers. As our
eyes
adjusted we became afraid as we peered face to face with 3 alien beings in
front of a saucer shaped craft. The craft was approximately 20 feel tall
50 feet in length and diameter. Although round in area; the sides were
somewhat flat with small windows approximately two feet square with rounded
edges. Above and below the window side, the craft went at a 40-45 degree
angle to the top; at which was a round orb shaped object that sat in the
center, as if it somehow could be detached. The craft was sort of suspended
in mid air about 3 feet off the ground. A strange and irritating
puisating-hum sound came from the craft.
The pastel colored lights from the craft illuminated the alien beings
coming
toward us from inside something like a thick mist or low cloud. We tried to
get up from our bags, but something held us all down; like a heavy rock on
our chests. The female in our group squealed slightly and suddenly stopped.
We all gasped, but none of us could say anything; except just look at each
other as if trying to confirm to ourselves that none of us were dreaming
this. For some reason, our voices quit working.
The being walked up to us with a kind of "quicker-than-usual" gate,
(floating?) and then stopped about 2 feet in front of our sleeping bags.
The
dog froze almost like a zombie beside me. The first being looked at us, and
said (not really "said" but "thought out loud") to us, "Don't be afraid. We
will not harm you".
The alien reached to my friend with his hand, as if to let him smell it or
something. Its skin was almost like gray leather, no fingemails, or
apparent knuckles. But it was obvious there were no gloves. My friend
looked
at each of us, with almost tears in his eyes, (and later he said he felt
compelled) and then touched the alien's hand. Suddenly, we were all
standing
up.
•
The first alien said, "Your race has wondered about us. Here are the
answers.". The second alien handed my friend the clear gelatin-like folder,
which contained a thick document (7 inches) and a shiny metal disk. (The
gelatin case is kind of dissolving now, but it has been saved in a jar, and
was sent to a certain university) The third alien said after this, "We have
watched your people for a long time. This contains the understanding your
Thursday, May 31, 2001 Compuserve: EmilyGreer
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2191, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9 i=
wise people will grasp. Give it to the names of the list".
The first one spoke again, "You will need to document this event, as well".
Somehow, the female in our group somehow knew to reach in her bag and take
out her digital video camera. She immediately opened the camera and pointed
it at the alien. The alien spoke for almost 24 minutes.
None of us could understand the sounds he made, (almost chirpy-like or
guttural) but somehow we still knew what he meant. He was telling us that
man was about to go into a war, without knowing that many cataclysmic
changes in nature were going to be happening shortly afterward. The war and
the environmental changes combined will come close to destroying our
planet.
The information he has given us is how to heal the environment immediately
after. it also contained a " new vision" (his quote).
Immediately after talking into the video, he said to us, " Go soon. Do as
you are asked. You do not have much time. Your wise men need the
information". They all tumed, and just as quickly as they approached,
skirted away in that funny gate. We videoed those last minutes as they
turned, walked away, entered their ship and flew away (Not really "flew"
somehow quickly "disappeared").
That was on April 10th. Today is the 19th. We have at last mailed everyone
we were told to, a copy of the tape and thick document. The metal disk and
gelatin case were sent with the document and video copy to a specified
university we were told.
Perhaps you don't believe us. And that is OK. None of us are looking to be
famous, write books, or make movies. We are only doing what we were
instructed to do. If you had been there, you too would understand why we so
urgently write. In the event the people we sent the information to does not
disclose it to the public by April 28th; we have been instructed to send
copies to your agency,
That is our story. It is true and we have done as we have been told up till
now. We have gone into hiding until after the 28th when we will send you,
and the other names listed above, the information mentioned here. No need
respond. We cannot answer you, yet.
Headers
m>
Thursday, May 31, 2001 CompuServe: EmilyGrees
Page: 3
