{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T21:47:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1961022, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124825-email-from-witness-11027-witness-poc-11-4-98.pdf", "source_sha256": "1c2dc2c55304b7461e233b75d04cf1b38ef6cc702b1e1c5a52e2b05c597903cc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1884, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
witnes
Re:
Message from Internet
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
Wednesday, October 28-
Hello, it's
XXXXXXXX
Here's the general idea and timetable I have in mind. What do you think?
1998
-you and
I consolidate and organize all the info. we have (which is all
the info.)
1999+2000
-organize a CLOSED in-house DEBRIEFING complete with news BLACKOUT
the President write an executive order (?) to rescind Truman's
Security Act making it formally legal to divulge ABOVE TOP SECRET (not even
the President can look at it) info.
-and with the help of the NSC, CIA, FBI, NSA, DIA, etc. go for FULL DISCLOSURE
to the President (first) then to other proper governmental
authorities-setting up a land formally ending the Cold War in the paperwork
of the law) paperwork end to the Cold War/Old Business.
-We/U.S. government, committees, intelligence, etc get together and update
sub-laws in relation to the new/constitutional "loop"that now includes ALL
proper authorities 1.e.mark craft (experimental or otherwise), mark
uniforms, follow procedure (i.e. identify selves) when going over other
country's air space,
-Private/in-house notification to other governments etc about what's been
up and discuss the best way to handle the new technology that really is
fantastic and societal altering stuff.
-then FULL DISCLOSURE (within National Security as the President, proper
authorities and ALL concerned) to the public via a book (s) complete with
FULL PRESS COVERAGE with what ALL has been up, why it had to be covered at
the time and what this new info. will mean to them and to ALL of us humans
on planet earth
- reassure people that this isn't an announcement of the arrival of "The New
World Order" People seem to be confuse new
world order with a BRAVE NEW
WORLD or ONE world government So reassurances that yes it's going to be a
BRAVE NEW WORLD alright (what with all these new technologies and how the

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2147, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
new technologies could be really scary) but hey, not to worry, your leaders
have the situation taken care Of (per usual) and here's the public's
debriefing AROUND THE WORLD.
lach government handles their own debriefing.
-reassure corporations, etal that
hey will still get budgetting it will
just be legal and NEEDED.
-also theré
could be a trade off with old-world technologies holders.
oil companies don't want to give up their pot of black gold?
Have them trade it in for a pot of new technologies that can make gold
itself and with zero-overhead (as it were).
Corporations (etc) will still
do research and design (etc) and the banks (etc) will still fund and
everything stays the
same and is handled status-quo it's just that now
and that someone is keeping an eye on the details for the people so they
can relax and stop being so dang paranoid) and NO ONE (that includes
afraid.
-Then after the business is covered we can all have some fun (perk one)
checking out the new technologies (perk two, the new sciences (perk three),
the new paradigns (perk four) we ALL get to play around with (that should
keep everybody busy from now on and too busy for MUCH fighting(perk five)).
And by virue of the fact that we're even checking out these new
technologies we are going to end up éasing up on the environment just as a
by -product (perk six) and in fact saving the planet
gratification person and I like a high return for low put-out do to the
fact I am a bit lazy AND I also like a win-win with a "HAVE YOUR CAKE AND
EAT IT TO" mentality and this plan sounds pretty splendiferous to me. A
reward for working together-and much more fun-and the same amount of room
for money making if not more (covering suspicion costs alot of
money) ...well, WE CAN'T BEAT THAT!
NOVEMBER 2000
-whoever's voted in Nov. 2000 will be the first president of a NEW
ILLINEUM with Old Business wrapped up and New Business under regula:
versight we will be starting out in a more secure world(perk eight) wit
all around optimism(perk nine) for a brighter future for all (perk
ten).. REALLY!
(In all seriousness of course)
Thank you,
xXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXxX
2
•

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1402, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XX
Hello,
This is
Did you get my e-mail
yesterday 10/27?
Really, with me being
the liason for the "ET's" and you being the liason
Eo the government, I think you and I need to consolidate our info?
to see what all info you got so that I know where you're at and what I need
to fill in.
me a big box or whatever of all the info. Or
you could e-mail me all the info.?
I could travel out there but #1)I don't
have the money (who does)
and #2) it would make me might vulnerable plus
#3)My health isn't the swiftest BUT if I have to fly out so that we can
move faster then I will.
What do you think?
I have the Clearances for
this type of info. (this can be confirmed with a little checking around if
see exactly where we're at,
so you que mose it not adi the neo but Before e peace a aced to
nave to nave all the info. together? What do you think?
Then once we consolidate...WE (you and I as representatives) could start
"negotiations" (as it were, so to!
speak, notwithstanding)? You already
know what the people you represent want and I do to so you and I need to
yak it out and set it up and THEN pass on our info. and recommendations?
I am willing and able to work on this everyday (unless I'm not feeling well
and I WIll still e-mail you to let you know), all day long. Let's get this
show on the road, eh?
Please e-mail asap as I am moving on this NOW not later.
Thank you,
XXXXXX
XXXXXXXXX*
XXXXXX
1

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 1847, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hello,
This is
suggestions on how to proceed.. well as you can probably guess this problen
that we are ALL trying to address SEEMS to be a bit convoluted
Lingo. Tan using a eng vehicle or emptien i say our
be beneficial to have a better mode of communication say a secure (?)
chatroom (if there is such a thing?)
or via a secured phone that the bill
Mainly what it boils down to is this, you could call me your ET liason if
you want, and what is needed here is alot of cooperation.
same thing... openness and
humans all around the globe) so they're afraid to give up their only
protection and major money makin
golden-goose.
However,
there seems to be
agreement that it would be better if we could all share the technology and
in fact we're going to have to.
One of the big things that's missing is a
format to disclose information IN.
At the end of wars there tends to be an "All Clear" signal that lets
everybody know it's ok to come out and debrief each other on what all has
happened.
In this particular war situation (the cold war) the chain of
conmand was signed over by Truman (during WWII, you'll recall, he formally
and legally cut himself and other proper government authorities out of the
"loop" so that bomb could be built in TOTAL secrecy given the Russians were
going to have the bomb any day themselves). This was the beginning of the
secret/covert/black budgets dept: The Cold War continued and ended with its
compartmentalized secret programs in place as part of our war machine but
this time, with the President and other proper government authorities out
of the "loop", there has been no formal "All Clear".
Even though it LOOKS
like the Cold War is over with, anybody that has worked in covert ops knows
what looks like and what is can be two very different things so they wait
Everybody is continueing on with their duty of
1

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 697, "chars": 3981, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What we need to do is restore the government back into the "loop". Rescind
Truman's order of WWII and put FEMA back under the control of the
presidency and get rid of any other laws that pepetuate keeping the proper
governmental authorities out of the "loop". Go back to marking our craft
and uniforms per FAA, etc.
When this is done then everybody can LEGALLY and FORMALLY come out because
the PROPER "All Clear" has been given.
This is for any who have any
questions about whether or not it is "loval" "legal" to talk about state
secrets (which one can go to jail for for a verrry long time). It would
also show CONCRETELY just exactly who we can and cannot talk to and under
This would solve the problem of "secrets" being kept from
our own government etc. We, the government, set it up that way and We, via
government (say presidential executive order?) has to rescind it ourselves.
Right now, the information is being withheld legally under present laws.
"military industrial complex" is followingproper procedure.
This in
efiect ends up LOOKING like a secret world wide hidden government cause it
IS! But it's just us. Within this secret/covert/black budget LEGAL
framework you WOULD get alot of compartmentalizing and after 50 years,
well....it's not surprising that things SOUND somewhat confusing. They're
There's just been a blind wall set up (purposefully by Truman etal)
between the "military industrial complex" and the government. Nothing
Actually, the ball wasn't drop until Kennedy was assasinated and everybody
has been
so distracted by that and the 60's and the Cold War and on and on
that nobody really remembered/noticed this covert operations/black budget
thing until people started reporting more and more UFO's, then cattle
mutilations, abductions, etc.
And people started asking around and got no
answers or ambiguous information. i
This is a reminder that the Truman law is still in effect plus with the
threat of bio/chem attacks and now
terrorism we are seeing different
tactics in the air and on the ground and wondering what the heck is up...
Now we all know of a variety of things that the military had to do on
behalf of the Cold War...what tricks everybody was up to (that's why the
institution of war has got to go) but back in 1947 etc. the public had NO
CLUE about the realities of waging war.
And then the Cold War was COLD not
not and theretore utillzed NEW and different measures so when Truman said
"yes", it was ok not to know the details during WWII
HE might not have said "yes" to the continuing of being out of the "loop"
during the Cold War but the next president DID say "yes" the continuation
of those covert measures are ok on into the Cold war but down the road
Kennedy comes in and the president and government hasn't been briefed on
the details of some of our covert operations since WWII and Kennedy comes
in fairly blind and he wants to know the details about everything since
WWII and this was right at the Bay of Pigs time which was (as we know NOW)
VERRRY hot and Kennedy is a major distraction then the Bay of Pigs fiasco
and the next thing everybody knows we are on the brink of nuclear
annihilation...even tho Kennedy was able to quell the situation it seened
evident to "those in the know" (don't forget by our own legal hand over)
that Kennedy (thru no fault of his own) was too great a distraction and
intelligence and the military industrial complex and satellite
organizations had to keep a VERRRY close eye on the situation, they
couldn't afford to be distracted by ANYBODY or we'd all be dead land don't
forget, right or wrong, they had to make these decisions on their own with
no imput from someone else as per OUR decision via our elected
representative Truman etal) in effect running the country because they were
the ONLY ones that had ALL the information to make the decisions.
the situation that they ended up with and not necessarily a desirable one.
There was never a total (or even close to total) loss of

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2363, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
command-and-control. The president and all the governing bodies went on
Papa core ten a hamate the patel i rag ution PaRty and.
the president and all running the rest.
are in our control.. it's just blind.
however, that the situation has gone on as long as it has there are
some people that have been in positions of power with very powerful
nfrastructures that have been setup and operating for over 50 years.
£ the satellite/substructures (corporatations, banks, old allies that have
become new enemies (Osama Bin Laden as one example) etc) got promoted up
(with no oversight from the president/us who took himself/us out of the
1oop) when the military industrial complex did.
We won the Cold War and OUR/military industrial complex large
infrastructure continue on with the usual job following the country's
agenda, etc.
corporations, the banks, etc) have their OWN projects they've worked (also
years. Alot of these babies have grown feet of their own meaning they've
devolped into their own companies with lots of many etc.
What does that have to do with us? Nothing.
However, some of these projects are "private" (meaning they were their own
personal projects) and some are military but ALl are dang lucrative.
When the Truman law is rescinded and we put ourselves back into the "1o0p"
there is obvious concern that 50 years of work and all its benefits that
they've been reaping (by OUR hand recall) is suddenly threatened and some
rogue elements will do anything to keep their
"moonshine still" from being taken back over by the government.
these babies have grown feet of their own and the parents don't want to
just turn their life's work over to someone else especially people that
like Kennedy are just jumpin in without knowing all the information. This
is VERRY powerful technology and they want to be sure it is handled verry
well. It could be verrry devastating in the wrong hands. In short, we
HAVE to be able to LISTEN to them and what ALL they are saying and be SURE
they feel comfortable with whatever we do and not just rush in and takeover
and start making fast decisions without consulting them in effect not
making ANY moves until everybody's happy with that move.
They have become huge players in the global village after all.
Ok-Dr.Greer.
etc..I want to get the ball
many many ways?
of the essence in
Thank you,
XXXXXX
XXXXXXXX
XXXXXX
3
