{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T00:52:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2186445, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124870-letter-from-witness-11038-witness-poc-to-steven-greer-1-10-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "8f41975de7b61f5ede560ac07f186a2967ddf8ff4d051adeafe5e2590e45eccf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 656, "chars": 3850, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wednesday, January 10, 2001
Hi Steven,
Sorry that I've been out of communication for so long. I am trying to keep my telephone and email
communication down to a minimum. This is being done for a good reason. I have personally seen and verified the
most advanced energy technology that I have encountered thus far. The unit that I saw had 0 energy input and
powered 2-100 watt light bulbs and an electric motor that had so much torque that I could not stop it by hand.
The next step is to connect the motor up to an alternator. The unit I saw should be able to power a small house
with the energy that was being produced. The current cost of the device if made one by one would be in the
$2,000 range. The device is not yet ready for production but is as little as 6 months away from being ready.
There's not much R&D that needs to be done to have a commercial version. It needs automated controls, surge
protection, better quality and customized components. This is by far the best I've seen. Once it is up in full
production, the manufacturing cost will be unbelievably low!
In my opinion it is the most authentic device I have seen. The demonstration unit consisted of an electric motor,
alternator, circuitry, antenna, ground wire - that's it. The entire device weighed about 15-20lbs. Most of the
weight was attributable to the electric motor and alternator. The more advanced unit eliminates the need for the
motor and the alternator!
These people understand the science better than anyone I've met. Unlike some of the inventors out there that have
gotten lucky once or twice after hundreds or thousands of hours of tinkering over the period of a lifetime. These
guys are able to build things and get them to work whenever they want to. The hurdle right now is to get them to
run for a longer period of time. They know how to do this but need the resources to make it happen.
The downside of having this technology so close to being mastered is that they have to put up with continuous
interference. They have experienced just about every kind of roadblock that you can imagine whether it is from
big business, government, or other sources.
What is needed now is development money. Immediate needs are $15,000 to get things set up and a total of $1-
1.5M to complete a production model. Production can begin 6-18 months after financing is in place. If you know
anyone that is interested, please let me know. If necessary, a demonstration can be set up. Demonstrations will
only be done for very serious qualified investors because there is a lot that goes into preparing a demonstration.
I'd love to do public demonstrations but they're not ready for that yet.
I do have pictures that I took myself and a video as well. I cannot distribute them at this time but the next time we
meet I can show them to you.
If you want to talk to me about anything OTHER THAN THIS DEVICE you can call me on my confidential
cellular XXXXXor email
XXXXXXXXXX
If you want to talk to me REGARDING THIS DEVICE it will have to either be in person, by mail, or by
secure email. I will be using my friends email address to talk about this device because my name is not associated
with it at all. The email address is
› Please do not use my name in the email, you can address me as
Karen. Try to avoid using hot words like free energy, over-unity, alternative energy, energy, etc. - "device" is a
much better word to use. Also, avoid using the word "demo" or "demonstration" - please say you'd like to meet
for a "coffee" or something to that regard. I know this may seem somewhat paranoid - please respect my wishes
on this. I'm being extra cautious right now for very good reasons. We have already experienced serious problems.
Best Regards for a very happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
1.5.
Please
massin to
A deception
conemail)
ques tho phone right may be dom

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 968, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECURITY ADVISORY: I should remind you that numerous security measures were taken for the
demonstration.
1) We met at a location in the middle of nowhere and we drove for an hour to the demonstration location, which
is separate from the research lab.
2) Each and every demonstration is given in a different location.
3) I only know the state in which the demonstration was given and the first name of the inventor. I do not know
anyone else's name, address of research labs, phone numbers or any other critical information.
4) Although I have seen and inspected the unit, I do not know or understand or possess any information on how
they are able to get them to do what they are doing. Lastly
5) Before I went to see the unit, I put in place my own security program which consists of information that
certain "special interest groups" would not like to have released to the public. The information will be
released from numerous sources should there be any problems.
