{"created_utc": "2026-10-09T23:17:58Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13103360, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304240927785628, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124858-letter-from-witness-11042-witness-poc-10-30-01.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541057710000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124858-letter-from-witness-11042-witness-poc-10-30-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "0654f872490d77342f4150a6b9eb68fa913289213630e4a147b82652a86e0857"}

Dr. Greer                                                                          October 30, 2001
D


Dr. Greer,


I am writing to you about a government scientist (                    ) with in-depth knowledge of 'dark
projects' going on at various Area-51 labs who has been literally forced to work at gunpoint for the past
several months in Las Vegas, on a covert project called the "Lotus" protocol. As a direct result of this
project he has been ordered to design several experiments to try to isolate certain ancient virus particles
from modem soil and rock that his superiors need to re-engineer human DNA and RNA. The recent radar
circles recorded in the Las Vegas area tie directly into these field experiments which have been taken over
by government and military teams at Frenchman's Mountain, just east of the city. The area under study
used to be open to the public, but now I have been informed that these areas are becoming restricted.
Large cement blockades have been placed across the jeep trails, and people in vehicles very reminiscent of
the security teams monitoring Area-51 access points have been observed in the area discouraging people
from wandering too far into the research areas.

I became aware of the direction this research was taking when someone inside the project (at great
personal risk) decided to leak the information to me. Since then, I have gathered both documentary and
physical evidence of these experiments which have links to research that             h (then
C       was performing at Area-51 between 1994 and 1996. Since           became aware that the general
direction of that research was leading toward the eventual changing of our own human genome, he has
placed his own safety at risk by destroying many of the key codes his superiors want.

I am enclosing a videotape made in 1994 o                (th            ) talking about his work up at
Area-51.
Three years later (in 1997) a document was leaked to me, which substantiated many of the things that he
was talking about on the tape. This document is identified as Q94-109A. It describes covert research at
the underground labs in Area51 wherein samples of `non-terrestrial' tissue were taken from a living
subject and analyzed for neural failures. (You can review excerpts from this document at websites:

                                                          D         h was also the principal researcher
conducting a review of the anomalies located at Inca City, Mars which led to the published book,


The current team surrounding               (led by              ) answers to government and military
superiors, mostly involving Navy intelligence, who are actively involved in field experiments at
Frenchman's Mountain. These field experiments have created energy bow-shocks that are linked to the
radar forms recorded as rings and flashes. As I understand it, the research is continuing without Dr.
Burisch's participation, and the radar anomalies are becoming more and more common.


In the brief contacts I have had with             h, I have learned that he is terrified, and has been brutally
beaten on several occasions for failing to comply with the wishes of his superiors. He is living in fear of
his life, and desperately wants to find a way out of the project. I believe that he might be grateful for an
opportunity to 'go public' with what he knows about the covert operations involving extraterrestrail
tissues, and the being housed up at Area-51 which has been the source of living alien tissue. He has been
opposed to the government's plan to cross alien tissue and human DNA, or create hybrid genetic
materials.
He cited the unacceptable consequences for humanity, should these codes come to be in the wrong hands.
And I think it's clear that he considers his military superiors to be 'the wrong hands' since their goals with
this experimentation is to ultimately change our 'human evolutionary pattern' and would have the
potential to do irrecoverable damage to us as well as the environment.

             is living an'outwardly normal' life, engineered to divert suspicion, the reality of the situation
is very different. A large sign saying no trespassing is posted on the front of his apartment, and a large
box with electrical wires emerging from it is visible at the front window - to provide additional security
and isolate       from outside contact. His superiors fear that he will go public, if given half a chance and
as a result his apartment is under constant audio video surveillance and security agents occupy in many of
the apartments surrounding his unit. All communications in and out of the apartment are screened, and
any unfamiliar voice or unexpected calls are immediately disconnected. MI understand it, the
communications are monitored 24/7/365.                   is not even permitted out in public unless he is
'escorted' usually by      and plain clothes security

To give you an example of the kind of crushing security that surrounds              , I have included
excerpts from one of the documents leaked from the project, dated July 12, 2001, in which       (who
signed this communication with her title:          was instructed to advise               of the following
conditions for an experimental run at Frenchman's Mountain:


***TOP SECRET MA"J"IC EYES ONLY***

Dl/MM1:
Message given to                , will advise if questions.
               h, PsiOpSec


> ***TOP SECRET MA"J"IC EYES ONLY

> Please advise                of the following:

> I. Personally monitor transmission frequencies 406MHz-450MHz during the
> experimental period.

> [You will be advised of all ground-detected electromagnetic flux anomalies and
> satellite-detected optical/IR anomalies. You will be advised of emergency
> evacuation and containment procedures, should the need arise.]

>2. Use personal communication devices set at transmission 30.OIMHz-30.56M lz and
> 32MHz-33MHz, as we will communicate to you (and as ner.c       at the time of
> experiment.

> [All communications will be spread by COM1 and directed by MMl to prevent
> interception.]

>3. Containment and Laundry Units have been dispatched.

> [Should such units be directed to intervene by authority of MMl, your team is to
> follow all instructions given by them at that time. A BCL3 will be within short
> hop and will transport to BCL4/LS/R4808 if necessary.

>[from a subsequent communication]...

"standby support units will be positioned at NAFB and will be chopper lifted to the site should an
emergency be declared
> > > 2 COMSPECS will be deployed within 1Km and 3 SERTSPECS within 2Km.
>>>
        Tactical Rules of Engagement:

        COMSPEC #1 will act as your communications liaison.
        COMSPEC #2 will support COMSPEC #1.

        SERTSPECS will be medium armed and will be operating under a
         "weapons hot" environment where UoDF is a likelihood.

SERTSPECS are authorized to fire upon:
> > > I. All determined threats against you or other members of your team.
> > > 2. You or any team member, should you or any team member intentionally
> disregard an order to:
> > > a. IMMEDIATELY CEASE ALL OR ANY SPECIFIC OPERATIONS.
> > > b. REMAIN IN ANY DESIGNATED AREA FOR CONTAINMENT AND EVACUATION.
> > > The terms "intentionally disregard" shall meet the UCoMJ requirements.
>>>
> > > SERTSPECS will not provide evacuation. MMI/DO1 will authorize and provide evacuation under
their discretion.
>>>
>>>

Please note the section under SERTSPECS which authorizes security to fire on                          if he should
intentionally disregard any orders.


My fervent hope is that your office will attempt to make contact with              , and/or conduct an
investigation of this matter. Anything you could do to help bring this matter to the attention of the public
would be of invaluable assistance since it might help provide     with the chance to break free from the
'prison' they have constructed around him.

Given                extensive first hand knowledge ofnon-terrestrial anatomy and physiology
(information currently being covered up by our government), as well as his work on this most recent
`covert project' (Lotus), he could become the kind of strong advocate for disclosure we desperately need
right now. But he needs help, the kind of help an aggressive investigation of this issue might provide in
order to break through the crushing walls of intimidation that our government and military have set up to
protect themselves from public scrutiny and accountability.

Please help bring this matter to the attention of the public- There is a great deal at stake.


                                                                                     /          ova      ciGS /&srr0(?.
                                                                                  Lpnx~                uJr~4     p'0 t?rtcmtu
                                                                                                      d1             wit


encl:   videotape - D          describing Area-51 work, Frenchman's Mountain device
        copy of Lotus Protocol
        photographs and description of device / Frenchman's Mountain experimentation
The following information is Not For Publication:
             resides at the
I am sorry, I do not have a phone number.
I hope that this address might assist you in contacting   or investigating this situation.
                               Evidence of Experimentation
                              At Frenchman's Mountain Site


Information leaked from a government/military sponsored project (Identified as Project LOTUS)
has indicated that there is extensive experimentation taking place near Las Vegas, Nevada. This
experimentation has not been subject to EPA environmental impact studies to protect the fragile
desert environment of the Lake Mead Recreational Area, nor reliable oversight for the purposes
of protecting the people of Las Vegas from possible harm

In as much as these experiments are taking place within a quarter of a mile of residential homes
and apartments, there is significant concern that bacterial contaminants, or spikes of electromag-
netic interference especially under laser induction may be harmful to the public. To the best of
our knowledge, a number of probes remain buried in the area of the Vishnu Schist (near the pub-
lic landmark identifying an interpretive site relating to the `great unconformity'; a geological as-
pect of this region), and these are believed to be charged with bacterial components as part of
the testing paradigm


                                                                 The light color box near the center
                                                                 of this aerial map shows the approxi-
                                                                 mate location of the Vishnu Schist;
                                                                 the site of continuing experiments
                                                                 performed by D                 under
                                                                 the direct supervision of `    and
                                                                 others. The device in question was
                                                                 recovered from this location.


Information that has been provided by my source indicates that local residents may have been
placed at significant risk, since the potential for damage and injury during the experimental runs
which have been taking place since May 2001 were sufficient to warrant the stand-by of various
evacuation and containment teams located a quick hop away at Nellis AFB.
                                                       This enlargement, shows Lake Mead Blvd. Run-
                                                       ning horizontally across the photo. The circle
                                                       shows the pull out where the monument and
                                                       markers are located (Interperative Site) concern-
                                                       ing the Vishnu Schist. The pale dirt road that
                                                       leads down toward the bottom of the page is what
                                                       is called the "jeep road". According to my
                                                       sources, a lab facility has been installed and con-
                                                       cealed at the end of this road.


             is cooperating and following orders with regard to these experiments because he has
been brutalized, assaulted and injured, and threatened with death unless he complies, and makes
no attempt to flee. According to documents that have come into my possession,, security teams
stand by whenever               is permitted to leave his apartment. This expedition was based
upon information provided by sources close to the project who have grave concerns about the
government and military "playing God" on the mountain [through these experiments], and the
erosion of the basic human rights and constitutional freedoms belonging to              .

The following document will outline the methodology used in planting these probes, and provide
pictorial evidence of the device I unearthed at the experimental site.


                                                   This photo shows the marker, which lies across the
                                                   dry creek bed that runs parallel to Lake Mead Blvd.
                                                   This photo was taken from the monument at the Inter-
                                                   pretive Site.

                                                   According to the information I was given, the original
                                                   site of the `probe' planting field was up and to the
                                                   right of the marker, on the second level of the Inter-
                                                   pretive Trail. The location for              's experi-
                                                   mental device was almost straight up a `goat trail'
                                                   only faintly visible in this photograph.


                                               2
I went up the `goat trail' toward a large boulder. When I arrived
there planning to rest, I noticed that there was a lot of loose dirt
near the angular face of the boulder. This was not normal, as the
other rocks only had hard-packed dirt and rocks at the base.

I carefully loosened the soil and found a shiny bit of silver fabric
or metal just below the surface. Upon further examination, I no-
ticed that there was part of a syringe sticking up out of the
ground and a loop of black plastic coated wire.

While normally I would not go near a syringe, these items fit the
description of             device provided to me by my
sources.


                             In this enlargement, the upper
                             arrow shows the location of the
                             loop of wire I observed sticking
                             out of the ground. The lower ar-
                             row shows the position of the sy-
                             ringe.


    This photo, taken from a diffeent angle shows the
    loop of wire and the syringe as they were discovered.
    The next step was to carefully unearth the rest of the
    experimental device that was buried there.


          3
                              As more and more of the device was uncovered, I realized
                              that it was very large. There were tubes, syringes stuck
                              here and there. One end of the probe was wrapped in my-
                              lar. It had a synthetic sponge on the very end, and had
                              been wedged up against the boulders surface, below the
                              ground line. The other end was a bulky, bulbous object
                              also wrapped in mylar.


                                        This end was wedged against the boulder and
                                        covered up with dirt.


In this view of the device,
the bulbous end is clearly
visible. It was round, and
quite heavy. It had also
been encased in mylar.


                                       I placed the entire device into a ziploc bag and trans-
                                       ported it to a safe place to examine it in detail.


                                   4
In advance of one experiment scheduled to take place on the Frenchman's Mountain site in late
July, the following information was relayed to            by `      (PsiSecOps):

`Please advise               of the foIlowing:

1. Personally monitor transmission frequencies 406MHz-450MHz during the
experimental period.

[You will be advised of all ground-detected electromagnetic flux anomalies and
satellite-detected optical/IIZ anomalies. You will be advised of emergency
evacuation and containment procedures, should the need arise.]

2. Use personal communication devices set at transmission 30.0lMHz-30.56MHz and
32MHz-33MHz, as we will communicate to you (and as necessary) at the time of
experiment.

[All communications will be spread by COM1 and directed by MMl to prevent
interception.]

3. Containment and Laundry Units have been dispatched.

[Should such units be directed to intervene by authority of MMl, your team is to
follow all instructions given by them at that time. A BCL3 will be within short
hop and will transport to BCL4/LS/R4808 if necessary.]

[from a related comunication]...

standby support units will be positioned at NAFB and will be chopper lifted to the site should an
emergency be declared.
 2 COMSPECS will be deployed within 1Km and 3 SERTSPECS within 2Km

Tactical Rules of Engagement:

COMSPEC #1      act as your communications liaison.
COMSPEC #2 will support COMSPEC #1.

 SERTSPECS will be medium armed and will be operating under a "weapons hot"
 environment where UoDF is a likelihood. SERTSPECS are authorized to fire upon:
 1. All determined threats against you or other members of your team
 2. You or any team member, should you or any team member intentionally
 disregard an order to:
a. IMMEDIATELY CEASE ALL OR ANY SPECIFIC OPERATIONS.
b. REMAIN IN ANY DESIGNATED AREA FOR CONTAINMENT AND EVACUATION.
 The terms "intentionally disregard" shall meet the UCoMJ requirements.
                                                 5
SERTSPECS will not provide evacuation. MM1/DOl will authorize and provide
evacuation under their discretion.

[Note: The designation R4800 was familiar to me. I reviewed documentation I had received in a
prior disclosure, and found the reference. The document was numbered Q-94-109A, and classi-
fied under authority of Top Secret executive Decision 91-1812-4A under authority from the
government of the United States of America, Department of Defense, Department of the Navy,
and Naval Intelligence. Within that document was the reference to R4800; it was an alternative
name for the Papoose Lake Site-4 lab facilities).


                                                     When I opened the ziploc bag and removed the
                                                     device, this is what it looked like — a mad tum-
                                                     ble of plastic tubing, wires, syringes, silvery
                                                     mylar and some kind of thermometer.


Here is the methodology outlined for the `planting' of each of the probes.                h followed
much the same procedure when `planting' his single device.

PROCEDURE IS TO BE FOLLOWED FOR EACH OF TIlE SIX PROBES

1. Select Vishnu Schist Extrusion.
2. Dig Approximate 3.048dm (If1.) Deep Hole Next to Extrusion. (One Side of the Hole
Must Expose Subterranean Vishnu Schist.)
3. Open Research Box.
4. Remove Test Probe.
5. Remove Safety Tape Seal, Exposing Diffusion Holes.
6. Place Test Probe into Hole, Top Up, with the Battery-Side-Down.
7. Completely Cover-Over Test Probe, by Refilling Hole.
8. Remove Saturation Bottle with the Number Corresponding to Test Probe.
9. Open Saturation Bottle and Pour Contents VERY SLOWLY Over Filled Hole.
10. Close Saturation Bottle and Return it to Research Box.
11. Note Time and Location, Below.
12. Move to Next Site and Repeat #1-#11, Until All 6 Test Probes Have Been Planted.
13. Once Concluded, Close Research Box and Leave!

                                                6
Shortly after defining the `planting procedure',               h wrote the following:

"Gentlemen: In addition to the 6 Test Probes now scheduled to be implanted by O.S. via
          into the Frenchman Complex Vishnu Schist on Tuesday, August 14, I have designed a
Biological Implant Device to lure a communication from the Ganesh. This implant device will in
no way be handled by                    and that is that! She can do whatever she will with O.S. but
this unit is to remain "off limits" to all personnel but myself I hope to trap and preserve a parti-
cle exchange, by making a tasty gelatin and amino acid offer. The device is designed, in the wake
of the astonishing energy conduction discovery of August 7. As we know, the Vishnu Schist has
the quality of a dielectric, yet we received the now infamous 69. l 0mV reading, during which I
was likened to a troll on the outcrop          The device will be implanted in the same location
where the anomalous reading was received: the diagonal outcrop, higher and to the east of the
first level of the interpretive trail. This device will be transient and buried as completely as possi-
ble..... It will be extracted on the following morning, as the atmospheric-perturbative Test
Probes are being raised. The schematic will be sent with the next SMR. While a 9V inducement
will be used, I will not use the electromagnet set.

Submitted, DBCB

(My source said that the experimental device             created looked like: "a bunch of tubes
with hypos, wires, a battery, a big thermometer and a round jar.")


                                          Well, I have to admit, my source was right on the money.
                                          That's what it looked like — a bunch of tubes, wires, hypos,
                                          and a big thermometer. I couldn't vouch for anything else
                                          until I got a chance to look under the wrappings. This
                                          photo shows the end wedged up against the boulder. This is
                                          where I started to unwrap the probe.


                                             I am carefully unwrapping the mylar. There is a small probe
                                             attached to the end with silvery wires. There is also a syn-
                                             thetic sponge end which was slightly damp.


                                                    7
                    Once the mylar wrap was off, l could see that
                    there were several parts to the probe. The
                    probe was attached to the rest of the device
                    by a rigid plastic rod, and there was another
                    lump wrapped with electrical tape.


              After removing the mylar, I was faced with a
              heavy rectangular object, completely encased in
              electrical tape. There was a small black cap that
              sat over the silvery wires as they entered the rec-
              tangular object. I carefully peeled away the tape
              and saw that it was a 9-volt battery. One terminal
              had the wires attached, and these wires ran into
              the sponge through a small hole, and affixed the
              probe to the unit.


This angle gives a good view of the sponge, the hole in the
sponge where the wires linked the small probe end to the
rigid tubing. You can also see the red 9-volt battery partially
exposed.

The issue of a small piece of sponge affixed to the end of the
probe, where it touches the rock surface is echoed in a report
dated July 8th, 2001. (Text of this report is appended for re-
view).


          8
                   This battery and probe were attached to the
                   end of a rigid plastic tube. That tube ended
                   in more electrical tape. When this tape
                   was peeled away a green coupling was re-
                   vealed, that led to a flexible plastic tube.
                   The ruler is placed along side the object to
                   provide scale and perspective.


In another section of the device, several more clear
plastic tubes were visible. Each end was wrapped in
electrical tape. They were connected to one another by
short lengths of flexible plastic tubing. This particular
segment appeared to have a purple litmus inside the
tube. There was also a small amount of liquid present.


         In another segment, a metal coil was observed.


     9
         Another leg of the device seemed to be made up
         of plastic tubing, brass fittings and syringes
         jammed into the fittings at all angles.


             This photo clearly shows one of the sy-
             ringes inserted into a plastic tube which
             in turn was attached to a brass fitting.


      Each brass fitting had what looked like three
      set-screws on top.


     Another view of the short tube connectors and brass
     fittings.


10
Reference: Photos on page 8 through 10.


In a message dated July 8a', 2001 [the complete text of which is contained in the
Videotape Notes section], D            describes his experimental design. That design,
excerpted below, is an almost perfect description of the device I recovered at
Frenchman's Mountain. The photos on pages 8 through 10 should be compared to this
description of his experimental device:


"Subject: Part 1, Paragraph 2..
In this examination, the Class lila Laser, emitting a red beam at 630670nm
through a 2mm propagation port was directed into communication with a clear
(gemnologist certified, see subset doc #3) cubic zirconium jewel's culet       Two
tubes (commercially available rubberized-plastic blue conduits were bored into
the reaction cylinder. One for the purpose of introducing flushing liquids as
necessary with an attached 0.5m1 insulin syringe without needle) and the other to
act as a conduit between the Vishnu Schist and the Bacilus subtilis organisms
being used. A small (approximate 1X3cm) piece of synthetic sponge was placed
over the bottom of the conduit tube, but not blocking the lumen of the tube, to act
as a bydrated adhesive device between the test organisms and. the schist. This
"wick" and underlying schist were hydrated with 3m1 of 33ppt saiine, mixed from
commercially available sea salts and distilled water. Two steel wires were bored
into the conduit tube (approximately 5mm from the joining area of the tube and
the reaction center, and they were fed into the reaction center, with 5mm of same
exiting the tube onto the internal wall of the reaction center. The exterior portion
of the wires were attached to a fresh, commercially available, 9V battery."


Not the similarities between the device recovered at the Vishnu Schist and the one
described above. The device I recovered had a piece of synthetic sponge as a "wick"
helping it to stick to the rocky schist. There were also two steel wires running from the
9V battery to the conduit tubing, through a hole bored into the sponge. And, of course I
found the insulin syringes without needles, that were jammed into plastic tubing and then
into the brass and steel fittings — plus the liquid I discovered inside the tubes and the
brown glass sphere at the bottom of the apparatus.


All in all, it is an excellent match to the descriptions of        s devices used in
previous experimental runs.


                                              10-a
        The largest segment contained approximately 12
        feet of plastic coated wire, with a terminal plug
        at one end, and a large bulbous object wrapped
        in mylar, with a thermometer sticking out of it
        on the other.


       This thermometer was stuck into the large mylar
       sack at one end of the device.


     I started to open the mylar wrapper on this object.


       Once I peeled back the mylar wrapper, I saw a
       heavy bulbous object wrapped in electrical tape.
       The object seemed to have a large spherical end
       and a smaller lump that looked like it was made
       of a waxy substance_ Into this substance the
       metal spike of the thermometer had been inserted.


11
   The two parts of the object can clearly be seen in this
   photo. The red is another 9-volt battery. The orange arrow
   is pointing to the waxy substance that was found at the top
   of the object.


   This photo shows the the 9-volt battery and the large glob
   of what looks like paraffin wax. There is a lot of clear
   plastic wrap underneath the electrical tape.


When I finally got through the electrical tape and clear plas-
tic, I found a brown glass spherical container that was stop-
pered with paraffin wax. In the wax were several wires, lead-
ing directly into the center of the glass container, as well as
the metal spike for the thermometer. Inside the glass sphere
was a liquid of some kind.


      12
Follow-Up

The results of these experiments, have been two fold. While confirming the existence of
the "Ganesh" particle predicted in the Lotus protocol, there have been ongoing efforts to
use ultra low frequency resonance information (previously available on ELFRAD
archives) to map out a sequence of genetic base-pairings that would apply to the overall
Lotus goals; of isolating and possibly reconstructing the genesis seed virus particles.
In essence the research went in two directions simultaneously. Work on the genetic
codes was proceeding, in between experimental runs at Frenchman's Mountain, until a
message was relayed from the people funding these experiments, to                 . After
that message came   in,          h did  something  unprecedented;  he utterly destroyed the
base pairs necessary for them to move forward into the next experimental stage.

According to sources inside the project,          h was violently assaulted as a result.
      "         has been ruffed up pretty bad. He has done the unthinkable: look at the
      end of this passage. No one, including me can figure how he did it but he did. He
      apparently had the code set up as a twice removed replacement code, so he can't
      even remember the sequences."

[This excerpt was taken from the end of SMR-01-11 written by
"(ii) The complex nature, within the signal, at the analyzed points that readily cause the
number strings and possible RNA double helix, with gaps that would correspond with
long string U-U looping (when groups of bases are put together using the arbiter), exists
at such a level of complexity to preclude human-origin.

Distillation: The base signal is concluded to be ofnatural origin, with possible human
alterations to same (including the reality of mechanical errors) .... This researcher is of
the opinion that the apparent "offer" of a clear path to the Fruit of the Tree of Life, that
his eyes now perceive, is one of illusory nature, designed to attempt negation of the Truth
of Genesis, and is as fleeting and as worthless as an aspiration to raise oneself .above the
Stars of Heaven. To those reaches, the structure of the signal ¢hall be maintained in the
Lotus data, under the aforementioned SMR%, however- I have undertaken to
completely destroy the strings of number-data, including the resultant base pairs,
and the primer formula to obtain them; prior to anyone hearing or reading this
report. I have done so for the protection of humanity, in the acknowledgement of the
Supremacy of God's Laws, and in the observable presence of the Cherubim who stand
guard between myself (only a man) and the Tree of Life." END SMR ##01-11

This is not the first time that              has been assaulted and battered in order to keep
him in compliance.     As I understand it, his hand was deliberately broken some months
ago as a warning to comply.

             continues to be in physical danger in his present circumstances. With this
last action on his part, the danger to him increases. I strongly urge an immediate
investigation of this situation.
                                             13
