{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T13:33:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 388869, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304242498636305, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124910-email-from-witness-10794-witness-poc-cape-canaveral-6-10-04.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541062610000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/124910-email-from-witness-10794-witness-poc-cape-canaveral-6-10-04.pdf", "source_sha256": "3921bfa178475a8bda96850133f87818573d74d4409d63e21bd388c218435e0c"}

ss?                                                                         Page 1 of 2


Subj:
Date:                   :   :
                                  witness?
                                  PM Eastern Standard Time
                                                                             7
From:
To:


Steve,
Maybe you have this guy already?
Blessings,


From: "                                         m>
ReplyTo: UF                         m
Date: Thu, 10 Jun 200410:05:08 +0000
To: U
Subject: Re: (UFOFacts] C                      ew revelations

                     and everone,
>
>                      has put his neck on the line by
>revealing the UFO Information he has gained from his years
>working around Cape Canaveral and the astronauts.
> He deserves to be able to continue to get his message
>out.
> I will endeavor to help as well.
>
To All
Here Is        Latest Entry. This is Excellent Witness testimonyllhank You for helping him Get through a tough
Trmel P            Rome
This with Photos will be on My website

by                     , former ScO, Space Shuttle Fleet, Kennedy Space Center, Florida (1958 to 1992)

For those visiting this exciting Rense website, I now inform them that "yes", I have had the good fortune of
personally seeing unidentified flying objects on several occasions. Were they of alien origin? At this time, I cannot
say.
In November 1995, i had a very unique sighting of two large globes (or discs bottom up) during my return to a
resort owned by a friend on the coast of Ambergris Caye, Belize, Central America. Many strange aerial objects
have been observed over Belize throughout the years. The native Mayans have related other events to me
occurring in the skies over this island. It's an excellent area to test advanced military aircraft or other aerial
vehicles.

I was with four other witnesses that evening when two bright fast moving lights caught our attention flying
between Castor and Pollux, the two brightest stars in the constellation Gemini. Being a trained astronomer since
age twelve, I'm very familiar with star fields.

As the two objects flew from Northwest to Southeast each one emitted, or launched, a bright pale off-white bar,
(resembling a beam of light), which was observed projecting from the leading edge of each object, and
proceeding them in flight. The beams proceeding each object I estimated at several thousand feet in length.
Maybe more. They were frying one behind the other at an unknown distance. We heard no sound and 1 estimated
their size at twice the dimension of the US Space Shuttle.

The objects appeared to be in low earth orbit, or possibly very high attitude within the atmosphere. Each of the
globes/discs color was a bright, soft white and did not appear metallic. As each released/formed another beam of
light, each craft appeared to "ride it" like a rail and as each beam neared its end, another was formed ahead of
each. We watched them for approximately three to four minutes until they went out of sight over the horizon.

The question arises, if these craft were "riding" a light beam, it may possibly indicate an advanced propulsion
capability by converting photon energy into inertia to propel the craft at speeds approaching the speed of light (or
                                  Thursday, June 10, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer
 C                  witness?                                                                             Page 2 0£ 2
-a


what is normally called Warp Drive in today's terminology).

The sighting was especially intriguing due to the nature and behavior of the "beams" being produced and used for
what appeared to be their propulsion mechanism. It was both fascinating and mysterious even with all the expe
rience I have had with rockets and spacecraft. I searched for years unable to locate a scientist or physicist willing
to openly venture a theory concerning the energy source both were using, until I placed my search on the
Internet. Then a group involved in what they call the "Onion Drive Double Helix System", made contact with me.
Until then, l was not able to venture a guess as to what I had viewed above Belize, Central America. What Jeff
Savage, an engineer with an interest in physics and his team have disclosed to me has since created the
realization that their concept of an advanced energy source for space travel may soon be a reality. Especially
those untethered to the military and government buraucracy for advancing the Onion Drive technology.

I've been asked many times, if these craft were alien technology being flown by aliens, or alien technology being
flown by USAF/ US Naval pilots, back-engineered here on earth? All I can add to this report is that I was
Informed" by a person prior to leaving for Central America to watch the skies to the Northwest above Belize on
the night I observed them for a display of advanced technology. Apparently that source knew something would be
tested in Belize skies that night. The source also Indicated that this technology, U. S., foreign (alien) or otherwise
would be flown by pilots of the United States military. This person was knowledgeable of the location of Ambergris
Island and the Central American test area. Sorry about the anonimity, but as with all other golden tidbits of covert
information, we must respect these valuable sources and their wishes for continuance of their paychecks, and in
more delicate situations, their next birthdays.

If anyone, (physicist, scientist, etc.) reading this report wishes to communicate with me concerning the "Onion
Drive System" or this incident please cont
                                                                                 > or the exciting Onion Drive
website.

Open my website at: w                                <httpJ                                > for more hue stories.


                  Headers
Retum-Path: <ro                       >


Content-type: multipart/aitemative;


                               Thursday, June 10, 2004 CompuServe: DrSGreer
