{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:20:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1317242, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/124906-letter-from-witness-10464-witness-poc-to-senator-patty-murray-11-30-01.pdf", "source_sha256": "75cf2df9e0828b640d5b4f2b570b37e92ce1903293b3384f569848af95635a13"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1831, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
father is etental virus
Dear
You have likely received many letters concerning The
Disclosure Project's Campaign For Disclosure (see
www.disclosureproject.org).
I support the objectives and the
recommendations made to Congress.
Some of this letter reiterates
the form letters sent to you. However, I wanted to add personal
knowledge of Unidentified Flying Objects.
We as a species have a history of exploring the unknown.
Unidentified Flying Objects are common enough that it is time for
us to reveal their true identity. Open Congressional hearings as
recommended by The Disclosure Project are the appropriate method
to satisfy our need to learn about this phenomenon.
My father, a retired airline pilot, had two experiences with
UFOs.
• He and his entire flight crew sited a UFO holding still in
the air above their course. He radioed the nearest Air Force base
which scrambled a squadron of fighter jets.
The fighters never
came close as the UFO sped off and disappeared from sight and
radar. In another instance, he flew a Boeing 747 on a collision
course with a UFO over San Francisco Bay. On that clear day, he
and his crew never saw the UFO, but FAA Approach Control had
advised them well in advance of the impending collision. Nothing
happened to their plane, but the radar indicated the UFO
disappeared after the collision.
The UFO had been traveling 6,000
miles per hour at 3,000 feet over the Bay. In July 2000, I took a
picture of a barn at the south end of Malhuer National Wildlife
Refuge, Oregon. I did not see the UFO then, but it is in my
photograph. I have enough experience with photography to know it
is not a camera or film glitch.
The Disclosure Project's recorded testimony of scores of
government and other witnesses to UFOs and extraterrestrial events
and projects is strong evidence of the existence of an

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1777, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO/extraterrestrial presence on and around Earth. The testimony
also includes internal UFO-related government projects and covert
activities, space-based weapons programs, and covert, reverse-
engineered energy and propulsion system projects.
The
technologies that are of an extraterrestrial origin, when publicly
released within a planned transition period, will provide
solutions to global environmental and security challenges.
These numerous recorded witnesses constitute only a small •
portion of a vast pool of identified present or former military,
intelligence, corporate, aviator, flight control, law enforcement,
and scientist witnesses, who will come forward when subpoenaed to
testify at Congressional Hearings. Without a grant of immunity
releasing them from their security oaths, many such unimpeachable
witnesses fear to speak out.
The current war on terrorism would have been greatly enhanced
in efficiency and in protecting lives if we had had this now
secret propulsion technology in military use.
I encourage you to enact and actively support each of the
following:
*To hold open, comprehensive, secrecy-free hearings to take
military/agency witness testimony on events and evidence relating
to an extraterrestrial presence on and around Earth.
*To hold open hearings on advanced energy and propulsion
systems, relating to extraterrestrial phenomenon that, when
publicly released, will provide solutions to global environmental
challenges. '
These are technologies, which may now be sequestered
behind the National Security Act.
*To enact comprehensive legislation to research, develop, and
explore space peacefully and cooperatively with all cultures on
Earth and in space.
I would appreciate a reply to know your position.
CC: THE DISCLOSURE FROVELI
207E
