{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:13:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 722172, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125055-cash-landrum-revisited.pdf", "source_sha256": "a58c6f694d80c23c95bbeb66c8381e4a97b5e6b4c935734cc4947163180893ff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1287, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cash/Landrum Revisited
(Cash/Landrum craft depicted in daytime setting for clarity)
By: Michael Schratt
On the night of December 29, 1980 Betty Cash (51), Vicki Landrum (57) and seven year old
Colby Landrum were travelling south down State Farm Road (1485) between New Caney and
Huffman TX. They had just finished eating dinner at a nearby truck stop/restaurant, and the time
was approximately 9:00 PM. All three eventually caught sight of a bright light in the sky. The
light approached closer and then, the "sky appeared to split open". Then, an unusual object
rapidly descended, and seemed to hover just ahead of their vehicle which was a 1980 two door
Oldsmobile Cutlass. At this point, Vicki became noticeably upset and asked Betty to stop the
vehicle immediately. Betty slammed on the brakes, and stopped in the middle of the highway no
more than 130 feet in front of the object. By this time, it had descended to no more than 60 feet
above the road. Coming to an abrupt halt, Vicki was thrown forward, and her fingerprints
became imbedded in the dashboard which had been melted due to the intense heat from the
object (described below). The unknown craft lit up the entire sky, and both remarked that they
thought it was "the end of the world", or perhaps "the return of Christ".

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 147, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
(Vicki Landrum pictured left, Betty Cash pictured right)

(photo of identical type two door 1980 Oldsmobile Cutlass that was driven by Betty Cash)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1249, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By now, they could make out some details regarding the exterior configuration of the object.
It was diamond shaped (similar to two ice-cream cones connected end to end) and about 90 feet
tall (about the size of the Dayton TX. water tower). It appeared to be dark gray metallic in color.
The top was rounded off, and the bottom seemed to be squared off. There were no flat surfaces
or sharp corners on the craft. The mid-section consisted of multiple blue colored "portholes"
which were arranged in a staggered diagonal lay-out. There was a very peculiar blue colored
"flame" emanating out of the bottom of the craft. This flame did NOT have the appearance of
something which originated from a flame-thrower, but resembled the "shock diamonds" or
"cones" found in the afterburning exhaust nozzle of a jet engine. All three occupants of the car
noticed that whenever the flames exited the bottom of the craft, it would slowly rise, only to
descend again near the asphalt road. According to Betty Cash, the craft was making a very loud
"whooshing" sound. It also emitted a deafening ear splitting beeping noise.
(Note blue colored cone/flame and shock diamonds in J-58 exhaust)
(Twin-rotor CH-47 "Chinook" helicopter seen on the night of the incident)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3401, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In an effort to get a better look at the object, she got out of her vehicle which was still running
when she parked, and slowly walked to the front of the hood. The light was extremely bright, and
the heat emanating from the craft was intense. Betty recalled that she had to shield her eyes with
her left arm due to the glare. At this point, Ms Landrum also exited the vehicle for a short period
of time, and burned her left arm on the top of the car. Deciding to return, Betty reached for the
handle on the car door, and found it to be extremely hot. Not wanting to risk getting her hand
burned any further, she quickly used the bottom of her leather jacket to lift the handle up, and
proceeded to get back in her car. She also noticed that her ring had left a burn mark on her finger.
By this time, Colby had become traumatized by fear, and began screaming for his grandmother
to return. Once inside, Betty noticed that the temperature was boiling hot, and that the engine had
somehow stopped running on its own. Despite an outside air temperature of 40 degrees, Vicki
quickly turned on the air conditioning to cool the interior down. Next, all three occupants noticed
at least twenty three twin-rotor CH-47 "Chinook" helicopters chasing after the object. They
seemed to be positioned around the craft, and they had search-lights pointed on the unknown
object. A non-descript circular insignia was seen on the sides of the helicopters. However, efforts
to identify which branch of the U.S. military they originated from proved inconclusive.
Testimony from Betty Cash indicates that there were also at least two single-rotor UH-1 "Huey"
type helicopters involved as well. All of the helicopters were brightly illuminated by the
unknown craft. Ground breaking research by principle investigator and author John Schuessler
indicates that these helicopters MAY have been a part of a clandestine airborne unit associated
with the 160* Task Force based at Fort Campbell. Additional reports published in The Cash-
Landrum UFO Incident suggest that the helicopters could also have come from an amphibious
assault ship operating out of the Gulf of Mexico. Perhaps both units were called upon to cordon
off the area in the event of a crash. This might explain the high number of craft involved.
Then, the craft and the helicopters drifted west towards Crosby TX, and out of view. After
dropping off both Vicki and Colby, Betty immediately drove to her home in Dayton TX. Within
30 minutes of the sighting, Betty felt sick, and noticed blisters forming all over her body. The
next day, Betty could hardly move, and she noticed a significant amount of hair loss. She also
lost patches of skin on her face. Other ailments identified by Betty after the sighting included:
headaches, diarrhea, loss of appetite, lumps on her neck, upset stomach, dehydration, swollen
lips and problems with her right ear (she would later spend an entire month at Parkway Hospital
in Houston). Betty's personal physician (Dr.
X confirmed that she had suffered
from the effects of acute radiation poisoning). Ms. Landrum also suffered detrimental effects
from the craft which included: scars on her arms, line-like indentations to the fingernails on her
left hand, diarrhea and swollen eyes that continued tearing for three months. Colby's symptoms
included: swollen eyes, stomach pains, hair and weight loss, excessive tooth decay.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2786, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Principle investigator John Schuessler (founding member of the Mutual UFO Network) took
on the case, and interviewed both Betty and Vicki at great length. Returning to the sight of the
incident, a large burn mark was seen on the asphalt highway where the craft had dropped down.
The mark on the road showed distinctive signs of high heat. Weeks later, it was noticed that
some type of unidentified road construction crew had dug up the road where the burn mark was
located, and laid down fresh asphalt. Witnesses who saw the covert nighttime operation
described seeing unmarked trucks with road workers placing the dug up asphalt in the trucks, and
then cover them with tarps. Was this an attempt by a shadowy government organization to cover
up the evidence? Later on, Mr. Schuessler identified ten other eyewitnesses who also saw the
strange craft. Dayton Texas Police officer L.L. Walker was in the area the night that Betty and
Vicki had their encounter. He recalled seeing multiple helicopters with search beams on.
Approximately 90 minutes before Betty's incident,
(Dayton oil field worker)
recalled hearing a strange humming noise, and immediately looked up. Per his original
testimony, he confirmed seeing a diamond shaped object that had a blue flame coming out of the
bottom. The craft was at an altitude of approximately 150 feet. The object was moving very
slowly, and it had a bright light on the front. He also developed medical problems after the
incident.
What did Betty, Vicki and Colby witness that night? Was it of extraterrestrial origin, or was it a
secret government craft built by one of the various aerospace defense contractors? In a desperate
search for answers and medical care, Betty and Vicki filed a joint $20 million lawsuit in 1982
against the United States Government. The case was eventually dismissed by a federal Judge due
to lack of evidence. Based on the available evidence, it appears that the unknown craft involved
in the September 29, 1980 Cash/Landrum incident was a TOP SECRET classified craft
manufactured by the U.S. military industrial complex. This conclusion was reached for the
following reasons: the craft made a high pitched beeping noise, it had a single bright light on top,
and "portholes" along its mid-section, a blue colored flame was seen exiting the bottom, it
scorched the pavement directly below, it emitted radioactive material, U.S. military helicopters
were involved. Also reference the 1946 NEPA program (Nuclear Energy for the Propulsion of
Aircraft) which was initiated by the U.S. government. NEPA was superseded by the ANP
program (Aircraft Nuclear Propulsion) which was cancelled in 1961. Both programs explored the
feasibility of powering an aircraft by way of a nuclear ramjet or an atomic powered rocket
engine.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2491, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, +)
h)
t-4000•C
Fig.67 - Schematic Sketch of an Atomic Liquid-Fuel Rocket
with "Subcritical" Reactor
a) Supply of nuclear fuel in suspension; b) Shell; c) Control rod; d) Re-
actor; e) Porous reflector; f) Porous interior wall; g) Suppiy of liquid
hydrogen or water; h) Zone of high-temperature nuclear reaction
(Schematic drawing of atomic liquid fueled rocket with subcritical reactor)
In a document titled: Hearing before the Subcommittee on Research and Development of the
Joint Committee on Atomic Energy, dated July 23, 1959 the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, and the
Atomic Energy Commission spent $990.6 million dollars up to fiscal year 1960 for research and
development on nuclear powered aircraft and propulsion systems. Are we as American taxpayers
to believe that nothing was procured for the expenditure of these funds? It appears that the
Cash/Landrum craft was an early NEPA/ANP prototype that utilized an atomic liquid fueled
rocket with a sub-critical reactor or perhaps a nuclear ramjet. This would explain the immense
size of the craft, and also the loud "whooshing" sound. The craft may also have utilized a
supplemental hybrid anti-gravity propulsion system which may have explained the neutral
buoyancy "bobbing" effect. A hull breach may have developed inside the walls of the reactor,
which would explain the leakage of radioactive material and the subsequent poisoning of the
eyewitnesses. The strange beeping noise heard by the eyewitnesses may have been a proximity
warning siren indicating to surrounding personnel that the craft had reached a dangerously low
altitude. The initial design and development of this vehicle appears to have been completed by
the Glenn L. Martin Company, with initial research performed by Convair (reference Nick
Cook's Hunt for Zero Point). Of special note which may have a connection to this case is the
1974 formation of the Nuclear Emergency Search Team aka "NEST". Its primary mission is to
secure "broken arrows" (lost or stolen nuclear warheads). NEST (which consists of 200
specialists) is also responsible for the securing of radioactive contamination sites. The courage
that both Betty Cash and Vicki Landrum displayed in the face of great personal injury and loss
must not be forgotten. If and when the NEAP/ANP program can be directly tied to the events of
December 29, 1980 the United States government will be held liable to the fullest extent of the
law, and both Betty and Vicki deserve an official posthumous apology.
