{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:52:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 568854, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125032-cash-landrum-john-schuessler-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "467c8710ef0dbfeafd8be8ea2041fa3351aa1d89b0dac2c1a93d8e6a2a77f5c3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3442, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CASH-LANDRUM RADIATION CASE
By John F. Schuessler
12-29-80
(Note: This follow-up report is based on a
presentation to the Sept. 1981 CUFOS
UFO Conference. The case was initially
reported in the Apr. 1981 issue, No. 158.)
The problem of radiation sickness
caused by UFOs is defined by these
brief examples:
October 24, 1887: Venezuelan
family exposed to a brightly lit
unidentified flying object (UFO) and
suffered burns, vomiting, hair loss,
and extensive swelling.
May 20, 1967: Canadian prospec-
tor Stephen Michalak encountered a
landed UFO and suffered burns,
nausea, vomiting, swelling and an ex-
tended illness.
October 3, 1973; Missouri truck
driver exposed to an extremely bright
UFO, blinded for days, and had vi-
sion impairment for a year.
These and hundreds of similar in-
cidents indicate that UFOs are
seriously affecting people. How can
these people be helped? What can we
learn about UFOs by studying these
human effects?
A small team of engineers, scien-
tists, and medical specialists have
formed Project VISIT (Vehicle Inter-
nal Systems Investigative Team), to
be a clearinghouse for all UFO in-
cidents involving medical injury or
alleged
entry into a UFO. VISIT
members collect and analyze data on
• the physical effects of UFOs on peo-
ple. This scientific and medical data is
then examined to discover the prob-
able mechanisms of the UFO.
The latest entry into the VISIT data
base occurred on December 29, 1980.
when three Texans encountered a
UFO and suffered severe medical
„consequences. Betty Cash (51), Vickie
Landrum: (57), 'änd Vickie's grandson
=• Colby Landrum (7)," were driving
home to Dayton, Texas, on the
* Cleveland-Huffman road just north of
"Lake Houston: It was 9 o'clock at
Artist's Rendition of the Sighting
(By Kathy Schuessler)
night and the road was deserted. The
first indication of something unusual
was the presence of a very intense
-light several miles ahead just above
the pine trees. Betty remarked about
the unusual brightness, but temporar-
ily lost sight of it due to the many
trees along the road.
Suddenly, hovering over the road
only a short: distance ahead was an
www...enormous diamondishaped object It
was "like a diamond of fire" Vickie"
said. The glow was so intense they
could barely stand to look at it: Vickie.."
at first thought it was the fülfillment
of biblical prophecy and expected
Jesus to come out of the fire in the
sky.
In addition ta lighting the whole
area like daytime, the UFO period-
ically-belched fämes downward.
Fearing they would be burned alive
Betty stopped the 1980, Oldsmobile
Cutlass without leaving the road.
They all got out of the car to get a
better look at the UFO. Colby-was-
terrified'and dove back into the car,
begging his grandma to get back in,
toa Vickie did and comforted Colby.
» Betty stood momentarily by the
driver's door and then walked for.
..ward to the front of the car. After
much pleading by Vickie, Betty final-
ly returned to the car. Thesdoostet
coatias an colpadsto open therdoor.
Although the winter@night air had
been about-407, the heat from the
UFO caused the witnesses to sweat
and teel so uncomfortable that they:
turned on the car s air conditioner.
Eachstime the object would shoot
lames-downward.it-would rise."As
the flames stopped it would drop in
altitude. The intense glow, however,
never changed. In addition, the
threesome heard an irregular beeping
sound throughout the sighting.
(continued on rext page)
3

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2834, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Radiation, Continued
Finally, the flames stopped, the ob-
ject, rose to the south-west, and was
lost from sight. Vickie and Calby
commented that several helicopters
could be seen above and beyond the
UFO. Vickie said with relief, "we're
safe and we're sound, but I'm burning
and it's so hot."
Betty was directly exposed to the
object 5 to 10 minutes, Vickie 3 to 5
minutes, and Colby only a minute or
so. As Betty raced homeward she
turned right on FM 2100, Five
minutes had lapsed and just ahead
wasthe UFO and a large number of
"The sky was full of
helicopters," Betty said. Some were
near the object and others lagged
behind. She feared the helicopters
would collide. They were dazzled as
they counted more than 20 helicop-
ters. According to Vickie,
helicopter roar was like a tornado."
They sped onward towards home,
turning on to the Huffman-Eastgate
road, then to FM 1960. By this time
the object had been in sight, climbing
- into the night sky, for another 5
_ninutes. On FM 1960 the threesome
were going away from the UFO, but
could still observe it as a diminishing
bright light for 2 or 3 more minutes.
SPEED
UMI
45
Sighting Location; I. Alan Holt; r. Vickje Landrum
Unusual Medical Effects
Betty dropped Vickie and Colby in
Dayton and arrived home at 9:05
p.m. where her friend Wilma was
waiting. Vickie said as she left the car,
"My head hurts, I'm sick." Betty felt
even worse. In addition to a terrible
headache and nausea, her neck began
to swell and red blotches appeared on
her face and head.
• December 29th was a turning point
in the lives of Betty and Vickie. Betty,
an unusually energetic woman, had
plans to open a new restaurant. The
sickness that followed ruined those
plans. For the next four days Betty's
health degraded. Her eyes swelled
closed, the red blotches became
blisters of clear fluid, and she was
'eak with diarrhea and nausea. The
headaches never ceased. Because Bet-
ty was unable to function, Vickie was
afraid she would die and set out to
locate her doctor.
2
:...
Betty Cash Showing Hair Loss
After a number of telephone calls a
doctor instructed Vickie to take Betty
to the hospital emergency room
where the staff received and treated
her as a burn patient. Over the next
several days Betty lost patches of skin
on her face and about 50% of her hair
fell out.
After 12 days in the hospital Betty
went home, even though she had
shown little improvement. Her condi-
tion again degraded to the point
where she returned to the hospital for
15 more days. During the weeks that
followed the incident, Vickie treated
herself and Colby with baby oil to
stop the burning of their faces. Their
stomach pains and diarrhea stopped
after a couple of weeks but their eyes
are apparently permanently damaged
and treatment continues. Colby had
nightmares for weeks and ivas ex-
(continued on next page)
4

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2484, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Radiation, Continued
tremely frightened by bright lights in
the night sky or by helicopters
sykime.
SUMMARY OF THE MEDICAL EFFECTS
Colby Erythema (reddening of the skin)
Eyes swollen and watery
Stomach pains
Diarrhea
Anorexia (loss of appetite)
Some weight loss
Increase in tooth cavities
Vickie Erythema
Photophthalmia (eyes sivollen, watery.
and painful)
Vision greatly diminished
Stomach pains
Diarrhea
Anorexia
Ulceration on the arms, resulting in
scarring and loss of pigmentation
Karatin affected resulting in fingernail
damage
Hair loss
Hair regrowth of a different texture
Betty Erythema
Acute photophthalmia (eyes swollen
closed, painful, walery)
Vision impaired
Stomach pains
Vomiting. diazhea
Anorexia
Loss of energy, lethargy
Scarring and loss of skin pigmentation
Excessive hair loss
Hair regrowth of a different texture
The electromagnetic spectrum is
divided into groups according to
wavelengths. X-rays and gamma rays
have very short wavelengths; ultra-
violet radiation, visible light, and in-
frared have increasingly longer wave.
lengths. Since the regions overlap, an
exposed person may suffer effects of
more than one region - x-ray and
ultraviolet for example.
Exposure to ultraviolet radiation
can produce photophobia, photo.
phthalmia (arc-eye), edema of the
eyelids, and erythema of the skin. Ex-
posure to gamma and x-radiation can
provide a strong general weakness,
anorexia, nausea, vomiting, apathy,
"vere headache, sleeplessness, and
-ziness.
The symptoms provide a clue to
the type of radiation exposure. The
degree of illness depends upon the
type and energy of the radiation, the
Vickie Landrum: Photophobia Eye Condition
Vickie Landrum: Sores Persist After 8 Months
dose, amount of exposure, and a num-
ber of other variables.
However.
there is no type of radiation that is not
potentially dangerous to the eye. Cer-
tainly most of the listed symptoms
can be found in the Cash/Landrum in-
cident.
The Helicopters
All the witnesses were interrogated
separately for information about the
helicopters. They all agreed there
were at least 20, Illumination from
he glowing object clearly shower
letails of the helicopters even thougl
the night was dark and the moon was
in the third quarter. At least two dif-
ferent helicopter models were pres.
ent, but they referred also to the one
large thing amidst the helicopters.
Through use of helicopter iden.
tification charts one model was clear-
ly identified as the Boeing CH-47
(continued on next page)
5

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 4195, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Radiation, Continued
Chinook. Another was identified as
being similar to the Bell Huey model,
but not positively identified as such.
Each of the witnesses not only
identified the shape and main charac-
teristics of the Chinook, they also
pointed out details such as the wheels,
lighting pattern, and sounds.
Contact with the Houston Interna.
tional Airport FAA representative
provided the following:
• 350-400 helicopters operate com-
mercially in the Houston area.
• All are single. rotor types (no
"Chinooks).
• Helicopter traffic flies Visual
Flight Rules (VFR), consequently they
do riot contact the tower.
• Beyond 15 miles from the airport
they must stay below 1,800 feet.
• The Houston radar is limited to
2,000-2,200 feet around Lake
Houston due to the location of an-
tenna.
Contact with military installations
vas of little help. Fort Polk, Fort
Hood, Dallas Naval Air Station, and
England AFB stated they did not fly
into the Houston area that evening.
The unit operating out of Ellington
AFB in Houston had landed before
the sighting time. Robert Gray Field
had 100 helicopters come in from the
field at one time "for effect," but
claimed to have avoided the Houston
area. Hence, no one claims the heli-
copters that filled the Huffman area
sky that winter night.
Conclusion
This incident clearly points up
several serious conditions. First, when
a person is involved in a close en-
counter with a UFO they find it near-
ly impossible to obtain immediate
assistance. The police, newspapers,
and even doctors receive their plea
for help with tongue in cheek. The
as a standard treatment
method has never been defined.
Second, military organizations
could better serve the citizens of the
6
-
Distinctive Silhouette of CH-47 Helicopter
United States if they were prepared
assist the Houston-based. Project
to relate the nature of objects such as
VISIT to conduct the investigation by
the one at Huffman and others where
providing consultants, recommenda-
public safety is at stake. Belty and
tions, and data pertaining to similar
Vickie have never said the Huffman
cases. Such cooperation is in the best
UFO was a flying saucer with little
interest of all parties involved.
green men. 'They believe it was a
The investigation continues. The
government-sponsored operation of
future health state of Betty, Vickie,
some kind. Others that saw and heard
and Colby is yet to be determined.
the helicopters that evening have the
However, séveral radiation specialists
same feeling.
have given freely of their time and
Third, UFO organizations usually
talents to establish a program of
do not cooperate to the fullest to help
rehabilitation and care. Full treatment
the witnesses. The Huffman incident
is still lacking because the data on the
is an exception. The Mutual UFO
source of the problem, the UFO, is
Network of Seguin, Texas, the Center
still not available.
for UFO Studies of Evanston, Illinois,
Project-VISIT members are avail-
and the Aerial Phenomena Research
able on call for consultation. The ad-
Organization of Tucson, Arizona, all
dress of VISIT is Post Office Box 877,
cooperated in a responsible manner to
Friendswood, Texas 77546. •
(Photographs provided by John Schuessler)
MEDICAL NETWORK
Project UFOMD - a network of
doctors to intensively study UFO.
related injury cases - has been
organized by radiologist Richard C
Niemtzow. Before being called to ac
tive duty in the Air Force, Dr. Niemt.
zow was active in MUFON and Proj
ect VISIT in the Houston, Texas, area.
Doctors in the MUFON network are
invited to contact Dr. Niemizow and
Over about a 2-year period he
¡and assess a
medical injuries incurred during UFO
close encounters, and possibly pro.
duce a catalogue correlating the
resulting data. Investigators aware of
such cases are urged to have the
witness consult a physician, of their
own choice, and Dr. Niemtzow will
be available as a consultant to the
primary physician. Clinical and
laboratory tests should be conducted
on the witness in each case. '
Interested physicians, including
doctors working with patients report.
ing UFO-related injuries, should con-
tact Dr. Niemtzow at (707) 446-5050
or write to him at 532 Merchant St.,
Vacaville, CA 95688.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1250, "chars": 7613, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
State, private agencies probing
claim of UFO "encounter
BY CINDY HORSWELL
Chronicle Staff
Dr. Janses Easley, a Houston radinorist, examined the
The Texas Department of Health and three privale agencies
-Along an uninhabifed stretch of
now more than six months afler Lhe incident but sax his
cals were nol conclusive because he saw the women so faie.
are investigating reports that iwo Dayton women and a child
schuessier has two theuries about the sighting, Either the
entered radiation exposure as restled lying object and
FM 1485, about 30 miles north
object came from another planel or il was an experimenal.
cutered radiation exposure as a result.
top-secret U.S. government project.
I was a cold, cloudy evening on Dec. 29 when Vickie Lan
wes
drid, s7, a wallress, and her former employer. Betty Cash. 52
-or Houston near Huffman
» To substantiale the trio's story, Schuessler has gatherei
reports from several persons in' the area, who also tay they savi
then owner of a cafe in Dayton, and Mrs. Landrum's 7-year-old
something strange."
andson, Colby Landrum, were driving from New Caney to
and about 15. miles west of Day.
On that same night, Angie Staniey, 26, a Dayton postal clerk
• was coming home from New Carey on FM 1485 about mues.
forthwest of Houston near Hullman and about 15 miles west of
"ton, they "spotted. something
west of Dayton:,
«Lsaw a really bright light in the sky pretty
far away," she said set ooked like the bright berdletusat?
thing io tbe sky about three miles ahead.
Hang to be seaboure miles trade alo
"Ivas trying to figure out what it was."
strange. "I saw a long, red thing
- car on an oval-staped thing 1609
›emy Melonal, 21, an all Deld roughneck, aiso-witnesser
somelhing strange, that night from his home in Daylon t1
she said that within minutes the object was in front of them
Mis. Lapdawn said she screamed at Hrs. Cash to stop the car
in the sky about three miles.
beard a sound like a rumble, and I thought it was the Goodyeat
blimp.". he said "It was kind of triangular or diamond sha
and he all Dimped out.
calby, who lives with Mrs. Tandribm: ran back to the car a
ahead," said Vickie Landrum. "1
and bad two twin forches that were sbooung brian!
flames cut the back he sald L also had two britis
mimir balee and hid in the loorboard, seld Mrs. Tandom.
She said she rematned oulside about four mingles and Mrs.
cash begaver gothe closest to the objec arE watched it
was trying to figure: out what it
The red it in the center ast pase a 05.
Bale Masse, Sous bakery clerk, was in beribarne in East
"twas diamond shaped and as tali as a waler tower." Mrs
Landrum said. "i was a dall, gray metallie color, and is tus
was.""
gale, about tight miles west of Dayton, when she looked out
and
brigtz Light beading in the direction of New Caney.
Light of a football delayba
Loated there."
The trio broke their secrecy pact then and told doctors about.
4a quit to
c salo red-orange mames were intermittenty spewi
from the bottom and
I tiproduced a noise she will ne
the inster. irs. Landrum also se
to Dayton Police
hief Tommy warne
forge!: "It made a roarin: sound like a flame thrower and then
varing sala tie 1i25 known Mrs. Landrum for about 30 yest
chapliched beeps. IT
•helicopte
and "aller talking to her for 35 or 40 minutes, you knew sbe
she said. The beat, she said, was so mense diat i
me, bat tank
caused sweat 10 pour liber and her companions
was reporting what she thought she saw. She appeared highly
been Dec. 23
herious and upset."
Wi was so brari, tibe glow it everything up li was as if the
To jog
whole woods was on tire.
"She said.
strs. Landrum said ber hatr began to "come out in wads"
and her eveshi began taun a bone is weeks alet die
Incident. She then sought medical alication Her talE has soce
the Unte
As the object began heading to the northwest, said Mrs.
Landrim,
rubo have repa
sigtein
she saw large, double-rotary hellcoplers following;
regrown, though she says it now has a burnt, frizzied
it she said she and her grandson counted abouts heucopters
"I be object was a monstrous thing. Il seemed nken was
The the have bee i trove wed at a Sues:
havinę trouble Oving and sott would leT out thosetimesTADL
¿ mechanical engineer employed as MCDonnel-Douglas' project.
den Shoot up again while making that shrill beeping sound."
manager for space flight operations in Clear Lake City. He is
*dar Cash & divorcee wid 1 now staying with her elderly
invesugaung ber case in his capaçly as a volunteer with the
Mutual UFO Network.
colber in Fairfield, Ala.
Mts, Cash went to Alabama recently to recuperate irom
He and Dr. J. Allen Hynek, founder of the Cenler for UFO-*
burns, blisters, weakness, diarrhea, headaches, eve problems
Studies tri Evanston, Ill., say the Dayton incident is the most
toloss olhair = all problems she attribute to it encounter
a the lying object. Sirs. Cash lost about 50 percent of ber
significant sighting that has occured to the busted area ina
out
ГОСТИ!
air and had to be hospitalized twice alter Citizilin.
said she had similar symptoms, but to a
le dare Colby was nauseated and a in a bad
inburn." They say the degree of ulness corresponded to the
"It (the object) wassa monstrous
Broader
s Bureauat Radiation Contra
thing It seemed like it was hav...
'ing trouble flying, and so"#?
would let out those flames and
then shoot up again while mak-
ing that shrill beeping sound*
said: Betty Cash, a divorcee who..
isnow: staying with her.elderly
mother in Fairfield, Ala.
On Sept. 16, he drove the stretch of road where La
is supposed to have occurred. His radiation detection cont
ment did pot find any traces of remarant radiaton Dipe are!
He also took soli samples, but lesting of them is tol comple
yeLi
"If there-had been radioactive contamination In larg
amounts, some would still be leil bert be said. However
said certain lypescof radiation
-such as alleype
- nightion
Meyer has recommended that the trio's medicat r
reviewed by the state bealth department's medica
board. Specialists, he saloo-could ditterent ate betr
« tion and symptoms that; could, be attributed to suct
chemical toxins
rears. "Thal's because there is somelhing you can actuall
examine aflerward → the physical injuries,'
aid Schessier
DcPR. Catin a specialist in cardiolory and internal medt
gine, said he and his colleagues hospitalized Mrs
at Parkway Hospilar in Houston for a total of ato
"She definitely had a bad burn on her face
ouf in clumps In TWO Or tu
He said consultants we
a5y 85-1000
yanda National Gi
of which
helicopters in the Housion area, Said
no records of mistasy helicopters being flown on Lec
Allorney Peler Gersten of the Bronx, N.i.. Tep
senting
Br. Sieve Chandler, a Liberty optometrist, trealed Mrs.
"sio weeks ago, he sent lelters to the National Guard an
ord U.S. Air Force
eadquarters requesting information on bel
copters which may have been involved with-the - Marin
encounter of a UFO" near Dayton and requesting all t
they might possess on the subject."
their legal departments. f
beliesy depbetmees.ld tie letter has been formed!
-Vickie Landrum, a 57-year-old, Dayton waitress,
says she and two other Dayton residents saw a
strange object in the sky nine months ago. Since
then; the three have experience symptoms similar
to the effects of radiation exposure.
length of time each was outside the car and bathed in the
bright light.
Mrs Cach calT
Tell so hot inside, as it was burning from the inside sat
Dayton Police: "Chief Tommy
Waring said he has known Mrs:
Landrum for about. 30 years and
"after talking, to her for 35 or 40.
minutes, you knew she was re
CHRONICLE, Houston, IX - Sept. 25,
1981
