{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:45:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 340087, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125024-cash-landrum-question.pdf", "source_sha256": "5697fef2b94ecea835e3dcaeed506098263d6fc945f8d426cacb325de0d8b1f7"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 3113, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subject: Re: Cash Landrum Incident questions
Date: Sun, Feb 17, 2019 9:25 am
I just wanted to ask if you could address the questions below regarding the Cash Landrum
Incident (see attached file).
1) Obviously, the Cash Landrum craft was a man-made vehicle. Was this a part of the
"WASP II" program?
- NO. Completely different. The only thing that is similar is the duct in the middle. I believe
the wasp was a turbofan. The rhomb which you are referring to was
2) Who was the primary contractor for the craft? I am unaware. Only one prototype was
made though. it was a french concept.
3) What propulsion system did it use? Simliar to the coanda effect since it had an intake
and an outtake and an internal duct in the middle.
4) Where did the craft originate from? Gray Army Airfield in Texas?
- It originated from Ft. Hood but for emergency purposes was taken to Ellington Field.
5) Where did the 23 CH-47 twin-rotor helicopters originate from? Ft. Hood. If they all came
from Ft. Hood than they would have had to have refueled. Depends on how much they
wanted to bring other elements into their activities. If they notified the Texas National Guard
who is closer in Houston or ellington they could get to the craft faster. But to keep it all in
their wheelhouse and internal without bringing more people in they would have to stay with
their wing at Ft. Hood but to do so would have required refueling for all of the hueys. They
would not be capable of making a trip from Ft. Hood all the way to Huffman texas outside of
houston without refueling all of them. The most common sense answer would be ellington
but ellington would have been closed at that timeframe and wouldn't have access to 23
hueys.
6) Was this craft connected to the NEPA program in any way?
- There were all experimental and they could do anything they wanted without worrying
about environmental policies because they "officially" do not exist. Adhering to policies and
laws would mean that they do exist. They were merely unacknowledged and they stayed
that way. In the event of dumping barium it was supposed to be dumped in forested areas
and not on roads. In the event that there was an emergency - you bet your sweet ass they'd
fix a road because that would be too much liability for them to leave it there so researchers
or whoever could come by and do tests on what we were using - which forces the hand of
these agencies to not only reveal their cards but draws unwanted attention onto what we are
researching and working on. When cases like this happen i am a proponent of squaring up
with families or those involved and making them sign strict NDA's and giving them a
settlement to hush them but doing so validates that their account was true and that this
happened. And remember what i told you in previous emails, their job is to minimize liability
and speculation so avoiding it is going to always be their greatest card to play. I feel sorry for
the family because this event and account really happened but admitting it makes them
liable for programs that had very little funding in very unsuccessful programs. This happened

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 3911, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
at night. A decade after this we had another incident in Houston that happened during the
day. And in houston we are known as the bayou city so neighborhoods have bayous around
them that funnel our flood waters into them so that streets do not flood. When this
emergency happened outside of houston we had one of our most advanced craft that was
forced to fly through the bayous in an adjacent neighborhood to get back to ellington
because it was unable to make it back. Instead of calling out police, military and protective
aircraft like helicopters the pilots, two, were instructed to fly it back just feet above the bayou.
And to do so the bayous were disrupted by a street which was one lane each way. And
houses alligned both sides of the bayou. It rode through the bayou all the way back to
ellington and while raising up 20-25 feet to clear the road and pass over they saw a car
stopped and watching them, a lady, they waved to let her know that it was human pilots
operating it and she was hesistant but waved back. hahahaha There wasn't any material
being ejected in that case but that is a case where they should have found out who that lady
was and made her sign something. They could have described what type of car it was and
security could have narrowed it down within an hour who she was or where she lived. I'm
assuming she never said anything because there wasn't a major release about anything. So
mistakes happen and they happen all the time but they usually happen in the dark of night.
7) What is the significance of the "double ice-cream cone" configuration of the craft.
- Not an ice cream cone - it's a rhombus. It's a duel system that sounded great in theory
but put into actual production and flight put the pilot into a strange position that made flying
very uncomfortable. It was never meant to be a piloted flying capsule. The original concept
was for a duct to be in the center. As i have said with many variations as things evolve they
have to try and do everything they can and pimp out every design to see what is possible
and not possible. This was never intended to be piloted by a pilot. Due to our constraints and
lack of technology back then it was fitted with a pilot. For 50 years we played around with the
inner column of german designs. The concepts which were successful had the pilots seated
around an inner column. The column not only housed their seats (all backed up to eachother
around the pole but the pole operated as a magnetic pole. The germans housed their
internal engine inside the pole which rotated. It was highly dangerous and when they had
accidents it was nasty because the 3 pilots were hooked up to the pole and could not eject.
Once we recovered and took over the projects we implemented hatches at the tops where
all 3 could eject safely. The craft produced an incredible charge so in the very early models
back in the late 40's and early 50's you saw an antenna that stuck up through the middle of
the craft straight up. That was to get communications into the craft since the charge was so
powerful. To be able to eject though the charge had to be off. It was a very dangerous
experimental program.
8) What was the source of the blue colored flame which was seen coming out of the
bottom of the craft?
- If they saw a blue flame than that was them switching to their secondary engine. This
event was ongoing for hours before they saw it. The pilot would have had to wait for the
helicopters to arrive before he could be escorted to the nearest base. So, if true, they would
have only seen blue just before they left and were escorted away. Which means, if they
were there an hour or 15 minutes waiting they wouldn't have seen the blue at all until the
end before it was escorted away or told to leave. This engine would have been his primary
and his secondary would have been the testing. He would have had to switch back to
primary.
rianianin

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1428, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9) What was the purpose of the "beeping" sound associated with this craft? Was it a
proximity locator?
- An emergency radiation alarm.
10) Why did the United States government refuse to pay the medical bills of all three
witnesses since they were exposed to radiation poisoning?
- Answered this above. Doing so would have acknowledged and compromised the
program, craft and event. Their purpose is to mimimize any and all liabilities.
On Eri. Feb 15, 2019 at 10:11 PM
te:
I just wanted to ask if you could address the questions below regarding the Cash Landrum
Incident (see attached file).
1) Obviously, the Cash Landrum craft was a man-made vehicle. Was this a part of the "WASP II"
program?
2) Who was the primary contractor for the craft?
3) What propulsion system did it use?
4) Where did the craft originate from? Gray Army Airfield in Texas?
5) Where did the 23 CH-47 twin-rotor helicopters originate from?
6) Was this craft connected to the NEPA program in any way?
7) What is the significance of the "double ice-cream cone" configuration of the craft.
8) What was the source of the blue colored flame which was seen coming out of the bottom of
the craft?
9) What was the purpose of the "beeping" sound associated with this craft? Was it a proximity
locator?
10) Why did the United States government refuse to pay the medical bills of all three witnesses
since they were exposed to radiation poisoning?
Thanks,
nininnin
