{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T07:15:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2549263, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125198-cejka-measuring-subtle-energy.pdf", "source_sha256": "7cdbc77f0364acdb8f3e495a23799c4d8e0ca1b14ef40e28cd786eddbfaaf0ca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2074, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Driver
1
The following is a description of a project aimed at
developing a more direct way of measuring subtle energy. Various
forms of indirect measures are available, all of which have
various large measures of error or uncertainty. As a starting
place, dowsing was chosen as an indirect measure for comparison
and in general, to work with a subtle energy source.
Dowsing is indirect in that the operator is part of the
instrument with the process subject to high levels of 'experimenter
effect'. A direct measure then is one where there is no operator
only an observer, one that can be removed in space and time from
the experiment. The 'experimenter effect' can then be greatly
reduced, to something like 'observer effect'. This will be
discussed later because it is important in calibrating the instru-
ment.
Another aspect of 'indirectness' is the interfaceability
of the active measuring element to subtle energy. Electro-magnetic
interactions seem removed from subtle energy. For example, in
Kirlian photography it seems as though the ionization process is
not as important as film emulsion reaction. Hence it is difficult
to determine exactly where and when the subtle energy interfacing
is occurring.
To consider what does constitute a more direct interface,
the source of subtle energy to be measured must be considered.
A principle of synthetic geometry based accumulators is primarily
that a precise form in space and time is in a state of harmonic
relationship with the space time manifold and in some manner
subtle energy is 'accumulated'. No kinetic energy is transfered
to the accumulator yet it undergoes a 'change of state' which
challenges conservation of energy, especially if the accumulator
puts out kinetic energy and performs work. This suggests another
dimensional avenue of exchange for kinetic energy and would seem
to satisfy some theories of multi-dimensional universes and is
important in considering the manifold.
The space time manifold can be thought of as the sum total
of the potential energy of the universe. In that sense it represents

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2123, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Driver
2
the archetype form of the sum total vectors of the potential,
in other words the 4th dimension is generated by the 3 dimensions.
Holisms that evolve in the manifold have a potential energy
relationship with the 4th dimension or manifold.
This "potential relativity' between micro-cosmic holism
and the universe archetype can be thought of as a hologram like
seed pattern in the 4th dimension along which holisms evolve.
Subtle energy can then be seen as changes in state of potential
energy relationships or the invisible exchange of energy through
or between an alternative dimensional space. In dowsing, the
operator is the holism that is sensitive to the potential patter.
The potential relationship of a single atom is a 'form'
of probabilities or tendencies in and around the atom in 4 dimensions,
giving rise to its structure.
A simple way of approaching this is to look at the aton in
a 'Newtonian' sense, in that the particles are orbiting and can
be found in many possible configurations. Some of the possible
configurations are geometrically resonant with the manifold. When
the atom reaches one of these configurations it is open to explicate
effects. More specifically, when the particles transit the resonant
configuration shear waves are generated opening other dimensional
paths to the atom. This process can be seen as the trigger in
spontaneous events in the atom like radioactive decay or spontaneous
transitions. Alternately, an interstitial path is formed when
an electron emits light or a nucleus emits a decay product.
Since it is not possible to predict an event it is said to
be random and a half life of a particular population of atoms is
a constant. However, an atom can be externally triggered if the
potentia probabilities are changed i.e., if it is exposed to external
subtle energy or if it is involved geometrically with a larger
holism, it will change its half life by some degree proportionally
to the change in subtle energy. This principle also opens the
possibility of some periodicity in an isotope's output, an amount
that would loosely reflect the geometry of the manifold.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2055, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Driver
3
Measuring the change or variance of an isotope's output
is somewhat more direct in that it responds to the manifold
through a mediator to be measured.
An isotope standing alone responds to the manifold directly
and yields what we observe as random with a hint at some periodicity.
Receiving meaningful data about a modifier can be accomplished
with 2 isotopes, one as a control (interfaced to background) the
other involved with a modifier, in essence yielding data about the
differences in the relationship of an isotope to the manifold and
an isotope through a modifier to the manifold. The variance
detector is just this, a differential geiger counter. This
principle was first used by Helmut Schmidt as a test for PK.
He and others have found a variation proportional to PK.
In order to develop a better understanding I chose to work
with the Genesa crystals as the source of subtle energy. Cognitive
information about the manifold is inherent in the Genesa system
and it is possible to explore a modifier's (Cenesa crystal)
relationship to the manifold in a much more detailed way than a
complex PK source because the crystal can be accessed in several
specific ways (i.e., along different rays), yielding more information
about the manifold.
During the development of the instrument it became apparent
that before any serious Genesa crystal studies could be done an
extensive calibration and background study had to be performed.
Also this needs to be done separately for alpha, beta, and gamma
based detectors.
My work to date with beta and gamma have shown some peculiar
background data. For one, the 'observer effect' is readily
demonstrable. If I am anywhere near the detectors during a prolonged
zero differential reading, the average zero reading is higher than
if I am not present. Also periodicities come and go and seem
affected by my presence.
other considerations that seem to affect zero reading are:
sum and moon positions, weather (other than just humidity a factor
in alpha attenuation) and the relative positions of the two

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Driver
4
detectors (including distance from each other).
Preliminary results of the Genesa Crystal testing are
favorable. The first experiments were simply to try and verify
a dowsing reading of a ray of the crystal. The variance detector
yields as much as a 2% differential with zero being established
at no greater than •8%. This is in keeping with the results of
Schmidt's PK testing•
Before proceeding with Genesa crystal testing a thorough
accounting of the background and more refining of the detectors
is required. Since the hardware that supports the isotope and
GM tube is itself a modifier, an accounting of the interfaceability
of its hardware needs to be considered. Selection of isotopes
and baffles is a subject in the refinement of detectors. The
purity of the type of radiation to be observed is important in
the elimination of 'noise' and in accurate zero calibration.
Calibration to offset the average isotope output differences is
accomplished by adjusting the source distance to the GM tube.
This can be a source of noise if different types of particles
are mixed, in that air attenuation is different for each type.
Other sources of noise to be reckoned with include cosmic ray
intrusion, GM tube characterisitics and possible subtle energy
effects in the tube.
It is hoped that the refinement of this technique will lead
to some interesting experimental possibilities. It is significant
alone that a radio isotope can be affected without some specific
kinetic interaction like particle collisions as in a fission
reactor. Further there is hope of developing an accurate tool
for the study and development of psychotronic technology.
