{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T02:24:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3296945, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125196-cejka-ussr-new-energy-beam-possible.pdf", "source_sha256": "6db883ad7756635d2729523082e6a513d0d0c4656714be3c16dc48e4413fdffb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 782, "chars": 5266, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tuerday, June 12, 1984
Defense &
Foreign Affairs
The Daily Report on Defense and Strategic Issues Worldwide
Daily
Volume XIII, Number 111
Technology Report
USSR: New Beam Energy Possible:
US ArMan
By La Cal TE Bearin, tSAF (Ra)
The following paper, due to be presented at a USPA (United
States Psycbotronics Association) annual symposium in
Georgia iater ther month, was written by I.E. Bearden, a
nuclear engineer and a retired Li. Col, in the US, Air" Force.
The views expressed in the paper are entirely bis own, and
the Editor wishes to state bat the paper is presented bere er:
tirely on its merit as an interesting discussion — and argu
ment - about a widely noted pbenomenon.
Shortly betore the death of Leonid Brezhnev, the
Soviet Union began "adjusting-in" a scalar in-
terferometry grid across North America. The purpose
of the grid, produced by interfering scalar beams from
gant scalar wave transmitters in the USSR, was to direct-
ly intluence the weather over the North American
The adjustments left a signature: a series of micro-
quakes in the earth and a series of anomalous "airquakes"
across the country. The grid adjustment was apparent-
ly completed by February-March 1983.
With completion of the scalar grid, direct influence
on North American weather began in earnest. Storm
after storm hammered the California coast, then mov-
ed across the Rockies, dipped sharply down across Texas
and Oklahoma, moved across Lousiana, Mississippi, and
Alabama/Tennessee, and turned in to Georgia to move
along the Adirondack chain, wrecking havoc all along
the way. The giant jet streams dipped down in the center
of the US with a classic bend thar was repeated over
and over again.
Then in the summer, drought conditions struck much
of the US heartland. Abour half the nation's corn crop
was lost, for example.
The winter of 1983-84 was particularly enlightening
Classic signatures appeared in the clouds at many places
throughout che nation. Three major signatures were
identified:
• 1) A "cross-ploughed field" type partern, where
clouds formed straight lines, reaching trom bonzon
to horizon east and west, and also from horizon
to horizon north and south. A spectacular exam-
ple of chis condition was seen over Huntsville,
Alabama by the author and a personal friend.
• 2) A "giant radial," where abour two-chirds of
a narrow-rimmed ring of cloud formed, about
three to five miles in diameter. Outside the circle,
long thin radial lines of clouds ran straight out.
focused from the center of the ring. These thin,
straight radials were 15-20 miles long, and one
could directiy see entire huge cloud systems cap-
cured and controlled by the gant radial. The giant
radial strongly resembles the old Japanese "Ris-
ing Sun" symbol of World War II. Several spec-
tacular examples of this formation were seen by
the author and others in Florida, Southern
Alabama, Northern Alabama, California and at
30,000 feet some 400 miles west of Memphis,
Tennessee, Other persons observed giant radials
an numerous locations over the US. An lowa
tarmer reported that such a radial had occurred
over his farm several times, each time severely
disturbing all his chickens.
• 3) A "win giant radial" pattern, where two giant
radials hook up at the arm extremities. In chis case,
che circular ring at the center disappears, and the
radials are about three times as thick, with their
inner ends boatrailed. Two cases of such win giant
radials were again witnessed over Huntsville,
During Christmas, cold records were broken in some
21 states and 60 cities. At least a dozen cities reported
all-time low December temperatures. Over a hundred
deaths were attributed to the frigid weather, and millions
of dollars of citrus fruits and other crops were lost. Yer
in Europe it was unseasonably warm, with December
temperatures reaching as high as 70 degrees in Paris, for
example. Storm activities across the US were unusual
and included floods, extra heavy snow, extreme low
temperatures and so forth.
El Niño is a famous warming disturbance in che waters
of the Pacific Ocean. It usually occurs every decade and
brings heavy rains to parts of South America. In April
Defined Formign Again Daily and che monthly Defense de Formign Affair are successors to Define Newleen and are published by Defense & Foreign Affairs.
Lad. Editorial and publishing coordinating office 1777 T St NW, Washington DC, 20009. Telephone: (202) 223-4914, Intenacional Toet: 64l6l. • United
Kingdom Dudiey Masters, Defense & Foreign Affairs, 28 Perowne Sc., Cambridge, UK. Telephone: 227-315932 Telen: $17672, * Subscription Rater Suoscrip
tion Rase: $597 per annum, induding Dpire e Formign Afain Dally (5 diys a week, 50 weeks a yeur), and Doerare Forgo A (monthly magazine) •Eator-Che
• Pablinben Gregory Gopley, Edior: David Harvey Anare Eder: Dr Sofan T. Rosson: Senior Edits: Jacquelyn 5, Porth. Dr Michael Collins Dunn: Asenatr
Abinker, Enrope Dudley Masters, Warbingom Edisria! Suff Rick Marshall: Admiration Manug: Michele Depune; Circulacion Coordinator: Carolyn Mar
rin. Circularion Enquiries: (202)223-4934. Associaced Publieutions Dein e Frign Affa Werkiy. Doime d Forign Afair (monthly magazine), Doin
* Formigm Affin Hamaboat (annual • Copyrigh @ Defense de Foreign Affirs Ltd., 1984,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 923, "chars": 5958, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE TWO - Defense é Foreign Affairs Daily
1983 the New York Times reported that ElNine was
much more extensive than usual. The entire eastern
Pacific was affected, reaching from Alaska on the north
to Chile on the south. This EINizo appeared much earlier
than in any of its previous appearances. While it nor-
mally follows a period of unusually strong trade winds,
in this appearance it did not. And normally it is much
further out in the Pacific — this time it was displaced
far to the east of its normal location.
The drastic change in ElViño displaced storms for hun-
dreds of miles from their normal tracks, and barometric
pressure over the Aleutians reached a low that occurs
only "once in a century or so." Elvine itself, according
to the Washington Post, was a hundred-year magnitude
event, and it actually stalled the equatorial trade winds
that normally blow from east to west. The stalling of
the trade winds caused torrential rains in Peru, and severe
drought in Australia, Great ocean currents of warm
water were reversed from their normal movement
roward Asia and backed up off the West Coast of South
America. The giant jet streams over North America were
shifted, and cold Arctic air spilled down, deep into the
central and eastern US. A giant flip-flop of much of the
world's weather occurred, with particularly severe results
experienced in North America and Australia.
In early 1984 the floods began again, with spring
flooding in Utah and Wyoming reaching record levels.
Again, the remnant of a giant radial pactern was
photographed over Huntsville, Alahama by the author.
Anomalous airquakes over a large area of Tennessee and
Alabama again occurred, possibly as a result of addicional
Soviet adjustments of the scalar grid.
In a one year period, the lowest pressure and highest
pressure ever recorded both occurred - an unusual
"coincidence," to say the least.
Only the fundamental concepts of scalar elec-
tromagnetic theory are presented here. Basic scalar
mechanisms have existed in the literature for 25 years,
and have been experimentally proven for 24 years. The
mechanisms and effects occur even in the presence of
zero electric and magnetic fields, and so do not occur
in classical electromagnetics theory.
The Bohm-Ahafpov (BA) Effect
These effects are lumped together in what is called
the "Bohm-Aharonov Effect" in quantum physics. The
first seminal paper was published by Aharonor and
Bohm in 1959, and Chambers published the resulrs of
his experimental proof shortly thereafter in 1960. Since
then some experiments have continued to be run and
papers have continued co be written, but the effect is
largely ignored by the vast mainstream of Western
science.
The Bohm-Aharonov effects are absolutely required
by quantum mechanics. But since they do not occur
in ordinary EM theory, they are presency unknown
to conventional Western scientists and engineers, who
have ignored the zero-field effects. For example, it ap-
Tuesday, June 12, 1984
pears that a statement of the weapons implications of
the BA effect did not even exist in the Western literature
prior to papers written by this author. Obviously, with
such a gap our intelligence analysts have not known of
the effects and their implications. They also have not
collated a picture of the Soviet scalar weapon
developments, testing, and overt use against the US as
hostile action.
It must be pointed out that an artificial potential can
be produced by deliberately opposing electric or magnetic
fields so that they vectorially sum to zero. The result
becomes a "zero-vector field" insofar as resultant or
"envelope" fields and exernal observers are concern-
ed. This field has no electric or magnetic field, yet it
possesses a multi-field substructure. It is a stress in
spacetime vacuum itself. By varying the substructure vec-
tor components, with the resultants always summing to
zero, a pure scalar potential wave — spatiotemporal stress
wave - can be produced.
Each of che component electric and magnetic force
fields in the zero summation are still incisely present,
though not exchively present to an external observer.
All the component energies are "infolded" against each
other and locked-in as stress energy of vacuum, even
though the wave possesses no "envelope" force field
magnitude and hence no ordinary electromagnetic
By interfering two beams of such scalar waves ar a
distance, a scalar interferometer is produced. Energy
may be produced at the distant interference site, or it may
be extracted from that distant site. No electromagnetic
energy, as such, flows in the intervening space between
the transmitters and the distant target site. This is Teslas
old "transmission of energy ar a discance without losses,"
and scalar interferometry was his secret.
By adding energy at a distant interference site — say
over North America — a high pressure area results at
the target site. by extracting energy from the distant in-
terference site, a low pressure area results at the targer.
By slow rotation of che transmitters, the entire distant
interference zones — and the highs and lows - can be
moved along. This allows the capturing and movement
of huge cloud masses, direct manipulation of high and
low pressure areas, diversion of jet streams, and exten-
sive Soviet control over the weather patterns of North
Since scalar waves can travel through the ocean or
through the earth with only limited attenuation, it is
likely that Sovier transmitters were responsible for the
highly anomalous location, appearance, and intensity of
ElViño in 1982-1983. There is extensive evidence in
the open literature of Soviet resting of scalar elec-
rromagneuc weapons on a global scale during the last
two decades. Massive instancerof sudden cooling of large
arens have occurred as near-explosions of cold, up to 150
miles in diameter, at least 78 times 1974. A recent ex-
ample occurred off the coast of Japan, 200 miles from
downtown Tokyo, on April 9, 1984.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 573, "chars": 3916, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reached the end of its rope. With the stakes mounting to potential megabucks
in the next five years, the race is on to come up with a better, faster chip
tester.....and BREAKTHROUGH believes we've spotted a likely winner. The
winner's edge: Instead of inspecting small parts of each chip in a long series
of operations (requires constant cross-referencing of data), the new breed of
chip tester is able to look at very complex chips in one shot.....so much less
time and money are spent on testing, and much more creative freedon is given to
chip designers.
The first machines are being delivered now.
Cost: About $2.5
million. BREAKTHROUGH expects to see installations in the top chip nanufao-
turing companies by January 1985. The next step: Incorporating the tester
into computer-aided design centers to speed gustomized chip manufacturing (see
the special report in this issue). Out in front: MegaTest,* 1321 Ridder Park
Dr., San Jose, CA 59131.
BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY Stiff Competition for Old-Style Floppies: New
breed of floppy disk system stores as much as 40 times more data than today's
standard, bringing computer users the power and convenience of hard disk
systema without their tremendous cost. Imagine: New technology permita
storage, on a single disk, of all the programs (word processing, spreadsheets,
graphies, etc.) necessary for conducting business... with enough room left
over to accommodate a list of 25,000 names and addresses.....even enough blank
apace to accept hundreds of pazes of notes.
The new system not only
stores far more data, it also proceses this infornation faster and with fewer
mistakes. Paves the way for an onslaught of easier-to-use and more powerful
software programs. Key: Newly developed techniques for recording and re-
calling disk data.
first high-oapacity floppy disk systems, available as
add-on equipment within the next few weeks, will have a capacity of 3.3
megabytes (that's 10 times the capacity of today's average disk). Within 10
months capacity should rocket to 13.2 merapytes-
Prediotion: The new disk
systems will be standard equipment on most personal computers and minicomputers
by 1986. Cost:
Disk drives about $350; disks $15 each, Disk developer:
Physios (subsidiary of Kodak), 11633 Sorrento Valley Rd., San Diego, CA 92121.
Disk drive developer: Drivetec, Inc.,* 2140 Bering Dr., San Jose, CA 95131.
Self-Tunine Antennas:/
Shrink the size, out the cost and increase the range
and accuracy of cellular telephones, military teleconmunications equipment, car
-radios, satellite dishes, high-fidelity receivers --Liust about anything
Ult/receiving or broadoasting radio and microware signals. The situation: Over $2
billion is spent on antennas every year.....but despite the huge market.
antenna design remains orude (basically unchanged for dscaden) and amazingly
inefficient.
Only very large or very expensive electronio amplifiers and
filters can pull in a strong, stable signal with today's antennas. Better way:
ew technology heightens sensitivity and compensates for changes in signal
strength, background noise, eto. Key: A segond conductor (the "pipe" that
channeis the signal) allows the antenna to vary its reception capability
automatically Result: A constantly balanced signal. And a super-antenna has
100 tines the rance of present models. So one antenna could handle several
applications Example: A single car aerial could pick up AM/EM, cellular and
CB radios. No need to drill new holes and wire more aerials. And retrofitting
is no problem -- the new antennas work great with existine equipnent. Expected
cost to consumer: $10 to $2,000, depending on the function. Licensing oppor-
tunity: Wes Olson, Snyder Antenna,* 250 E. 17 St., Costa Mesa, CA 22627.
New Springtime: Coiled steel springs are about to be declared dead. They
have been used as shock absorbers in everything from automobiles to factory
@ 1984 Boardroom Reports, Inc.
