{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T08:01:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 400867, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125197-cejka-patent-3239772.pdf", "source_sha256": "dd26474c6a85717b9f08371ba3913b6a2f6735fb9c7b44d2ef6571a1c8ab8713"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 290, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
March 8, 1966 T. L. DENNIS, JR 3,239,772

HIGHLY EFFICIENT SEMICONDUCTOR SWITCHING AMPLIFIER

Filed Feb. 6, 1963 & Sheets—Sheet 1

DRIVING
SOURCE

SATURATION RESISTANCE — Rg — OHMS

2 4 6 .B 1,0
BASE CURRENT—Ig— AMPERES

WITNESSE INVENTOR
Se 9) ran Tom L. Dennis, ur.

BY
Ales of Cast l Kp

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 437, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
March 8, 1966 T. L. DENNIS, JR 3,239,772

HIGHLY EFFICIENT SEMICONDUCTOR SWITCHING AMPLIFIER

Filed Feb. 6, 1963 2 Sheets—Sheet 2

OVERDRIVEN UNDERDRIVEN OPTI irae
DRIVING
|
ot |
70 |

i
|
j |
aa
. ete °
f

DRIVING SOURCE SIGNAL

| |
VOLTAGE ACROSS TANK CIRCUIT AT JUNCTION 35 |

| | yeel

|
{ ]
CURRENT THROUGH TRANSISTOR 10
O ; CURRENT THROUGH TRANSISTOR 12 | ;
67 | X<, | | |
6B
[-

CURRENT THROUGH TANK CIRCUIT I6 AND LOAD 30

Fig.2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1065, "chars": 7299, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,239,772
Patented Mar. 8, 1966
Briefly, the present invention accomplishes the above-
cited objects by providing an RF amplifier comprising at
HIGHLY EFFICIENT SEMICONDUCIOR
SWITCHING AMPLIFIER
Tom L. Dennis, Ji., Cedar Rapids, Iowa, assignor to West-
inghouse Electric Corporation,
Pittsburgh, Pa., a cor-
poration of Pennsylvania
Filed Feb. 6, 1963, Ser. No. 256,701
(Cl. 330-18)
least one pair of transistors operating in a switching mode
of operation.
The transistors are coupled to a network,
which provides a low impedance to the frequency to be
amplified but a high impedance to all harmonics and an
amplified output signal is provided in accordance with a
current which flows in the network as the transistors are
switched from one operating state to another.
This invention relates to semiconductor amplifier cir- 10
sistors are driven such that they have mutually opposite
cuitry and more particularly to a solid state tadio fre-
operating states and are switched alternately between non-
quency (RF) amplifier which utilizes transistors operated
conducting and saturated states from a driving source pro-
in a switching mode of operation in combination with a
viding an input signal which drives the respective tran-
network having a low impedance to fundamental fre-
sistors with just enough base current during conduction to
quencies and a high impedance to harmonics to provide 15
reach saturation over its entire conduction period with-
an overall operating efficiency greater than 90%.
out overdriving it at any point.
This has the effect of
There has long existed a need for an RF amplifier hav-
maintaining the saturation resistance at a minimum pos-
ing a high efficiency particularly at high power levels such
sible value at all times when conducting. The input
as would be encountered in radio frequency power ampli-
signal, moreover, is periodic and has a gradually increas-
fiers associated with radio transmitters.
Moreover, there 20
ing and decreasing waveform for reasons which will here-
has been a need for a high efficiency RF amplifier which
utilizes solid state devices such as transistors.
It is well known to those skilled in the art that radio
frequency amplifiers, as used in transmitters, invariably
fall into the "power" classification and employ vacuum
operate into tuned
smooth out irregularities in the current wave form to give
a comparatively pure sine wave input.
In addition, more
efficient conditions of operation are employed than for
Further objects and advantages of the invention will be-
come apparent as the following description proceeds.
For a better understanding of the invention, reference
may be had to the accompanying drawings, in which:
FIGURE 1 shows a schematic diagram illustrative of
an embodiment of the present invention;
FIG. 2 including curves a, b, e, d and e are diagrams
illustrating the waveforms exhibited by the embodiment
conventional audio amplifier operation.
Class B and
class C amplifiers fall into this grouping; however, they
utilize parallel resonant tank circuits to obtain the high
plate circuit impedance necessary for proper operation.
A class B RF amplifier is used where the power level of
a signal is to be increased but with a linear relationship
between the input and output voltages.
A class C RF
amplifier is more efficient than a class B amplifier but a
linear relationship between the input and output voltage
does not exist.
The maximum theoretical plate efficiency
for the linear or class B RE amplifier is the same as for
a class B audio amplifier that is 78.5%.
Usual peak oper-
ating efficiencies are between 60 and 70%.
Although
plate circuit power efficiencies as high as 85% are possible
in class C RF amplifier, most class C amplifiers are de-
signed to operate at efficiencies of the order of 75% since
there must be a very significant increase in the grid driv-
ing power to increase the plate efficiency from 75 to 85%.
In summation therefore where electron tubes are utilized
to provide RF amplification, the tube for most efficient
operation is operating class C into a parallel resonant
PIG. 3 is a graphic illustration of transistor saturation
resistance variation with base current drive.
Referring
to FIG. 1, there is illustrated a pair of
35
N-P-N transistors 10 and 12 connected in series between
terminal 24 and a point of common reference potential
shown as ground.
Terminal 24 is adapted to be con-
nected to a suitable source of positive supply voltage
not shown
whose
40
ground.
negative terminal
is connected
to
The transistors 10 and 12 are adapted to be
driven by means of input signals applied to bases 42
and 46, respectively.
These input signals are supplied
from a driving source 14 and are coupled to the bases
42 and 46 by means of the transformer 20.
More par-
ticularly, the primary winding 21 is connected to the
driving source
14 and the secondary windings 22 and
23 are connected to the bases 42 and 46 by means of
base resistors 26 and 28, respectively.
The windings 21, 22 and 23 are wound in a predeter-
mined manner so that the voltages appearing across these
have predetermined relative polarities.
The terminals of like instantaneous polarity are indicated
There have been attempts to employ semiconductor
by the dots located at one end of the respective windings.
devices such as transistors to provide more efficient RF
As such, the secondary windings 22 and 23 provide mu-
amplifiers; however, these attempts have been relatively
tually opposite polarity signals to the bases 42 and 46.
unsuccessful due to the fact that the techniques known in
55 The secondary winding 22 is connected to transistor 10
the electron tube art were simply extended to include
such that the terminal indicated by the dot is connected
As such parallel resonant tank circuits
to the base electrode 42 through base resistor 26.
have been used. It should be pointed out, however, that
opposite terminal of secondary winding 22 is connected
the use of the parallel tank circuit, while providing a high
to the emitter electrode 43 at junction 35.
impedance across the circuit, provides a low impedance
ary winding 23 is connected to transistor 12 such that
current path for harmonic currents of the resonant fre-
the terminal having the dot is returned to ground while
quency of the tank circuit.
These currents flow in the
the opposite terminal is connected to the base 46 through
circuit causing a corresponding power loss which reduces
base resistor 28.
the overall efficiency of operation.
As previously indicated, transistors 10 and 12 are con-
Accordingly, a primary object of the present invention
nected in series.
The common connection between tran-
is to provide a new and improved RF amplifier.
sistors 10 and 12 is between the emitter 43 of transistor
Another object is to provide an RF amplifier utilizing
10 and the collector 45 of transistor 12 at junction 35.
solid state devices, such as transistors.
The emitter 47 of transistor
12 is returned to ground
It is still a further object of the present invention to
while the collector of transistor 10 is connected to ter-
provide an RE amplifier utilizing transistors and which
minal 24 where a positive supply voltage, not shown, is
has an overall operating efficiency greater than 90%.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1238, "chars": 8073, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,772
Connected to the common junction 35 between tran-
sistors 10 and 12 is a network 16 which provides a low
impedance to current flow for a predetermined funda-
mental frequency
but a high impedance to all bar-
monics.
One example of such a network 16 is a series
resonant circuit illustrated in FIG. 1 as comprising a
capacitance 17 and an inductor 18.
networks will be readily apparent to those skilled in the
art.
Although shown as fixed
capacitance 17 or the inductor 18 or both may be vari-
able if desired to provide a selective tuning thereof.
opposite end of the network 16 is connected in
with a suitable load impedance 30.
One end of the load
30 is returned to the reference or ground potential while
the other end is connected to an output terminal 32.
load impedance 30 for example might represent the radi-
ation resistance of an antenna.
32 would tie into the antenna through a suitable im-
pedance matching transformer or network,
In any case the load would be reflected back as an equiva-
lent impedance which is represented as a load impedance
30 shown in FIG. 1.
In operation, the transistors 10 and
12 operate as
switches to alternately charge and discharge the seres
resonant network 16 at a frequency equal to its resonant
frequency as determined by the selected values of the
capacitance 17 and the inductor 18.
In one half cycle
of operation transistor 10 acts as a closed switch to
charge the tank circuit 16 by applying the positive sup-
ply voltage source, not shown, connected to terminal 24
to one end of the tank circuit while the other end is
returned to ground through the load impedance 30 thus
completing a current path suitable for charging.
ing the aforementioned half cycle transistor 12 acts as
an open switch thereby remaining inoperative.
In the other half cycle of operation transistor 12 acts
as
a closed switch while transistor 10 is open.
action of transistor 12 provides a discharge path for the
network 16 through the transistor to ground and back
through the load 30.
series resonant circuit in the manner described estab-
lishes a sine wave of current in the network 16, the load
30, and the respective transistor which is conducting.
The sine wave
of current, moreover, will have a fre-
quency which is equal to the resonant frequency of the
network 16.
The circuit operates such that during the
first half cycle when the network 16 changes the current
flows in
one direction through transistor 10 as a half
sine wave of collector-to-emitter current 10.
During the
other half cycle of operation the current flow reverses
in the network 16 and a half sine wave of collector cur-
rent flows through transistor 12. This action will be
subsequently explained more fully.
It should be pointed out that the network 16 restricts
the collector current flowing through the transistors 10
and 12 during respective half cycles of operation to a
half sine wave due to the inherent characteristic
of a
resonant circuit.
Since the network 16 is illustrated by
way of example as a series resonant circuit, it character-
istically provides a low impedance to current flow at the
fundamental or resonant frequency.
However, for all
harmonies or multiples of the fundamental a relatively
large impedance is provided restricting substantially all
current fiow.
This being the case all harmonic currents
tending to flow during respective
charge and
discharge
periods will see a high reactive impedance and therefore
will be suppressed.
Since these currents do not flow they
will not cause a corresponding power loss within the cir-
cuit.
Therefore, the overall operating efficiency of the
circuit increases to a level heretofore unobtainable in
prior art apparatus.
This is due to the fact that sub-
stantially all prior art apparatus utilizes parallel resonant
circuits allowing harmonic currents to flow through the
devices.
Power is necessarily lost due to the flow of
these harmonic currents.
Das evident that since harmon arents are reven
from flowing in the applicant's invention there
within the transistors except the small internal power loss
due to the current flowing at the fundamental or resonant
frequency of the series resonant network 15.
sistors 10 and 12 were perfect devices, they would act as
perfect switches when saturated and the internal imped-
ance or saturation resistance of the devices at that time
Consequently, there would be no inter-
nal power loss associated with the transistors and the ap-
paratus would have an efficiency in the vicinity of 100%
except for the small power losses due to the almost negli-
distributed resistance in the capacitor 17 and the
As a practical matter this is not attainable,
15 however it is possible to drive the transistors 10 and 12
so that the least possible internal resistance is attained
over respective conduction periods.
Accordingly, it is a
second feature of the present invention to provide means
for accomplishing this last mentioned result.
It is well known to those skilled in the art that tran-
sistors when operated in a switching mode are normally
driven into saturation for most efficient operation.
tion may be defined as that point where a further increase
in input signal does not substantially provide any increase
25 in the output signal.
For a common emitter configura-
tion, saturation occurs when an increase in base current
does not cause an appreciable increase in collector current.
Although little change of output occurs in the saturated
region the transistors can be driven into various degrees
30 of saturation depending on how far into saturation region
the transistor is made to operate.
Deep saturation is gen-
erally avoided because of its effect on the transient re-
By this is meant that when the
input current Ig is cut off, the output lo does not immedi-
ately fall to zero, but remains almost at its maximum
value for a length of time before falling to zero.
This
period is called the storage time, or saturation delay time.
Storage time results from injected minority carriers being
in the base region of the transistor at the moment when
the input current is cut off.
These carriers require a
definite length of time to be collected and therefore the
length of storage time and cut off time is essentially gov-
erned by the degree of saturation into which the transistor
The point at which saturation is reached varies in
accordance with the operating parameters imposed on the
transistor, and its associated internal resistive impedance
or saturation resistance is not constant for all points of
saturation, but decreases where saturation is reached when
50 operated with relatively large values of base current and
collector current.
FIG. 3 is an illustrative diagram of
the variation of the saturation resistance with respect to
base current of a typical transistor.
saturation resistance decreases for increased base current.
55
This is true not only for the particular transistor illus-
trated but for all transistors. This diagram results from
measuring the slope in the saturation region of the charac-
teristic curves showing the relationship of collector cur-
rent with respect to the collector voltage for constant
60
values of base current for a common emitter configuration.
In normal switching modes of operation the collector
current follows the base current input and the transistors
are generally driven by means of a square wave input or
trigger pulse into the saturation region
as quickly as
65
possible to reach a point of maximum collector current
and lowest possible value of saturation resistance.
It has been discovered, however, that optimum effi-
ciency is not achieved by driving the transistors 10 and
12 by means of a square wave due to the fact that the
70 transistors as utilized in the present invention do not
behave as transistors in an ordinary switching operation.
The reason for this is the network 16.
As previously
indicated since the network 16 is at a resonant condition
a sine wave of current at the resonant frequency will flow
75
provided a current path is provided.
Since transistor 10

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1259, "chars": 8302, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,772
5
conducts during one half cycle while transistor 12 con-
work 16 and in the load 30 and represents the output
ducts on the other half cycle, a half sine wave of collector
signal.
current flows through transistors 10 and 12 during respec-
As previously mentioned, the transistors 10 and 12
tive half cycles.
It is at this point that the operation of
operate in push-pull fashion to alternately charge and dis-
the transistors 10 and 12 differ from conventionally oper- 5
charge the network 16.
'The driving source moreover,
ated switching transistors.
In the instant invention, al-
has a frequency of operation substantially equal to the
though transistors
10 and 12 must be rendered "ON"
resonant frequency network as determined by values of
(conducting) and "OFF" (non-conducting) by means of
the capacitance 17 and the inductance 18.
an input signal applied to respective bases, the collector
ner the transistors 10 and 12 are made to switch at the
current during the conducting period is restricted by the
10
resonant frequency of the network 16.
series resonant network 16.
Therefore, if a relatively
By reference to FIG. 2 curves c, d and e, the collector
large instantaneous base current is provided to the respec-
current in transistor 10, when turned "ON" by means of
tive base when the value of the collector current can only
the sine wave signal from the driving source 14, flows as
be a low value, such as when the tank is completely
the positive half sine wave 62 of curve c whereas during
charged or discharged, power losses would occur due to
the period when transistor 12 conducts network 16 dis-
the fact that the transistor is overdriven into deep satura-
charges and the current flows in the opposite direction and
tion at that point.
It has been discovered that the opti-
appears as the negative half-cycle of the sine wave 63 of
mum efficiency of operation of the transistors occurs in
By the combined action of the switching tran-
the present inyention when an input signal is applied to
sistors I0 and 12 the output signal appearing across the
the base which has a gradually increasing wavefront and
20 load 30 will appear as a full sine wave at the frequency
decreasing trailing edge in comparison relative to a square
of the driving source as indicated by curve e.
wave which provides a step function.
Further the ampli-
Consider the operation of the embodiment shown in
tude is
of a predetermined magnitude such
that only
FIG. 1 when a driving signal is utilized having a wave-
enough base current is provided at any instant of time
form substantially different from a sine wave such as a
during conduction to minimally saturate the transistor
It can be seen by observing the respective
for the corresponding amount of collector current that
wave forms of FIG. 2 curves a and b that a square wave
could flow in the transistor due to the restrictive effect
of voltage is not produced at junction 35 when either a
placed on collector current by the tank circuit 16.
By
large square wave 70 or a small square wave 75 is used to
driving the base in this manner, the transisters 10 and 12
drive the transistors 10 and 12 but voltage waveforms 71
when conducting provide the minimum possible reactive
and 75 respectively are produced instead.
impedance to current flow in the charge and discharge
70 is illustrative of a driving source signal in the form of
circuits.
In other words, over the conduction period each
a square wave which would be sufficient to turn "ON"
transistor appears as a resistance having a value subsian-
and saturate the transistors 10 and 12 over all of their Ie-
tially equal to the minimum possible saturation resistance,
spective conduction periods and provide maximum power
the value of which is determined by the magnitude of the
35
output; however, the action of the series resonant circuit
sine wave of collector current at any instant.
One con-
16 restricts the collector current such that only a small
venient driving source meeting the requirements herein-
value of collector current can flow at the beginning and
before stated is a sine wave source.
By driving the tran-
end of the respective conduction period in each half cycle
sistors 10 and 12 with a sine wave optimum operation is
of operation.
This being the case the transistors 10 and
achieved providing an overall efficiency of operation in
40 12 are overdriven into
deep saturation at the crossover
the order of 95%.
Although a sine wave is mentioned
points by waveform 70 causing a storage time delay in
by way of example, it is not meant to be a limitation since
switching.
This allows both transistors to be "ON" at
any waveform approximating a sine wave may be used.
the same time putting a momentary short across the supply
Considering the operation of the transistors 10 and 12
voltage causing a high transient current spike 67, as illus-
as semiconductor switches in greater detail, as transistors 45
trated in curve c and d, to occur in the collector current
10 and 12 are alternately switched
between the "ON"
which can be of sufficient magnitude to destroy the tran-
and the "OFF" state such that transistor 10 is saturated
sistors.
This detrimental effect is also present in the volt-
while transistor 12 is non-conducting and vice versa, the
age waveform at junction 35 as evidenced by the transient
voltage at junction 35 will tend to rise to the supply volt-
voltage 73 illustrated in curve b.
These spikes also in-
age applied to terminal 24 when transistor 10 is "ON" and 50
crease power dissipation but most important, they can
will tend to fall to ground potential when transistor 12 is
cause destructive breakdown of the transistors.
"ON."
Therefore, the voltage wave form at junction 35
Decreasing the magnitude of the square wave driving
approaches a step function as the transistor switches 10
signal to a level where the transient ceases as indicated by
and 12 are turned "ON" and "OFF," respectively.
The
waveform 75 of curve a of FIG. 2, the transistors are not
maximum efficiency of the overall circuit will occur where 55
overdriven, however, at the point where maximum power
the voltage waveform at junction 35 most nearly ap-
output is required, that being at the peak of the sine wave
proaches a step function or square wave varying between
of current, the transistors never reach saturation or to
the positive supply voltage and ground.
It is under these
the extent desired as indicated by the voltage waveform
76 of curve b and the accompanying dip 78 at the maxi-
conditions that the resistance to current fiow presented by
mum current value.
the transistors is at a minimum value at all times.
The efficiency of the overall circuit
is reduced because the magnitude of the base drive is not
deviations from the square
wave indicates a reduction
sufficient to reach saturation where the internal resistance
in efficiency away from the optimum condition.
(saturation resistance) of either transistor 10 or 12 is a
Reference to curves a to e of FIGURE 2 illustrates the
minimum value.
manner in which different driving source signals applied to
Whereas the driving signal 70 is sufficient to reach satu-
the transistors 10 and 12 affect the overall efficiency of
ration during the period of maximum current flow or the
the circuit shown in FIG. 1. Curve a represents various
period of maximum power,
the driving signal wave form
types of driving source signals that can be applied to the
75 is insufficient and the magnitude of the sine wave 69
respective bases of transistors 10 and 12 from source 14.
across the load 30 is reduced.
By applying a substantially
Curve b is illustrative of the voltage waveform that ap- To sine wave driving source signal of proper magnitude, a
pears at junction 35 for the various driving signals having
minimum possible saturation resistance is maintained over
the characteristics shown in curve a. Curves c and
the entire period when either transistor 10 or transistor 12
illustrate the collector current flowing through transistors
Consequently, the waveform at junction 35 be-
10 and 12, respectively, for the driving signals of curve a.
comes substantially a square wave 61 indicative of maxi-
Curve e is illustrative of the current flowing in the net- 75 mum power and maximum efficiency. Therefore, a sub-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1206, "chars": 8329, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,772
8
stantially sinusoidal waveform overcomes both of the in-
and a point of reference potential, the combination com-
herent difficulties of the square wave driving source signal
prising; at least two transistors of like conductivity hav-
which is on one hand too great as indicated by the wave
ing a common connection and being connected between
form 70 and too small as indicated by waveform 75.
It
said supply voltage and said point of reference potential;
is quite possible, however, that a wave shape in the form
of a stair step could be utilized compromising between
5
an input signal source providing a driving signal to said
transistors for operating said transistors as
a pair of
waveforms 70 and 75 to approach or even achieve opti-
semiconductor switches having mutually opposite operat-
mum
efficiency of operation; however, such a driving
ing states, said input signal having a predetermined fre-
source is relatively difficult to achieve considering the ease
of acquiring a sine wave driving source signal 60.
For
quency and waveshape to operate said transistors alter-
10
nately between conducting and non-conducting
states,
this reason a sine wave of predetermined magnitude is the
said conducting state being in the saturation region of
most desirable method of driving transistors 10 and 12.
the current voltage characteristic of said transistors, said
Although the sine wave drive source signal has been illus-
input current signal providing only enough current to
trated it is not meant to be interpreted in a limiting sense.
Any driving source waveform approximating the
maintain saturation, when conductive; a tuned network
sine
wave or capable of maintaining a minimum saturation
15
providing a low impedance to a preselected resonant fre-
quency and a high impedance to harmonic frequencies,
resistance over the conduction period when a sinusoidal
said preselected resonant frequency being
substantially
current is flowing therein is meant to be included.
equal to said predetermined frequency of said input sig-
Since the fundamental component of a square wave
nal, said network being connected to said common con-
is 1.27 times the amplitude of the square wave,
the sine
20 nection between
said transistors and being
alternately
wave of voltage appearing across the load 30 is larger in
charged and discharged therethrough so that one of said
peak to peak amplitude than the D.C. voltage applied to
at least two transistors provides a charging path and the
the circuit, thus providing the required amplification.
other of said at least two pair of transistors provides a
As an example of the overall efficiencies obtainable,
discharging path wherein a half sine wave of current of
the present invention has been practiced using a pair of
25 a first polarity flows through said one transistor during
Pacific Semiconductor Industry 2N1900 transistors with
charging and a half sine wave of current of a second
a D.C. supply voltage of +97.3 volts and an input power
polarity flows through said other transistor during said
of 302 watts.
A power output of 275.3 watts was ob-
discharging; and output means operatively connected to
tained with a measured power loss of 12.6 watts, in the
said resonant circuit for detecting current flow through
tuned circuit thereby providing an overall efficiency of
30 said tuned network during said charging and discharging
91.1%. In another practical embodiment, using a pair of
to provide an output signal in accordance therewith.
RCA TA2111 transistors with a D.C. supply voltage of
2. In a solid state radio frequency amplifier having an
+130 volts and an input power of 312 watts, a power
overall efficiency greater than 90% and operative with
output of 299 watts was obtained with a measured loss
a predetermined voltage source: a first transistor and a
in the tuned circuit of 7.6 watts.
The overall efficiency in
35 second transistor, each having like semiconductivity and
this embodiment was 95.8%.
In both cases the transistor
each having a base, a collector and an emitter; circuit
efficiency was greater than 90%.
means connecting the emitter of said first transistor with
In summation therefore what has been described is
the collector of said second transistor and means connect-
an RF amplifier using a plurality of like conductivity
transistors
having mutually
opposite operating
states
40
ing the collector of said first transistor to said voltage
source and the emitter of said second transistor to a point
operating in a switching
mode of operation
and being
of reference potential; a network having low impedance
driven from a signal source providing a signal gradually
increasing and decreasing magnitude over the period of
to a predetermined resonant frequency and a bigh im-
pedance to harmonic frequencies thereof; said network
operation to maintain saturation of the transistors during
coupled to said emitter of said first transistor and said
conduction at a minimum level over substantially all of
the respective conduction periods.
The transistors more-
45
collector of said second transistor; load means connected
between said network and a point of reference potential;
over act to charge and discharge a resonant network at
input means including a driving source for said first and
a rate which is equal to the resonant frequency of the net-
said second transistor having a frequency substantially
work. By means of the resonant network and the driving
equal to said predetermined frequency of said network
source providing the required
input signal an overall
50
and providing an input signal current to said base of said
efficiency of operation is obtainable which is greater than
first and said second transistor for operating said first and
90%, far surpassing the efficiency attainable by vacuum
said second transistor in a switching mode of operation
tubes and presently known semiconductor art.
such that mutually opposite operating states exist while
Although the present invention has been described with
each is being alternately switched between conducting
respect to a preferred embodiment thereof which gives
55
and non-conducting states, said network being charged by
satisfactory results, it should be understood that the pres-
the voltage source through said first transistor when con-
ent disclosure has been made only by way of example
ducting and discharged to said reference potential by
and that numerous changes in the detail of circuitry by
means of said second transistor when conducting thereby
way of the combination or arrangement of elements may
providing a collector current in said first and said second
be resorted to without departing from the scope and spirit
of the present invention.
60
transistor varying in accordance with a sine wave at said
For example, PNP type tran-
resonant frequency, said input current signal to said bases
sistors may be employed in the subject invention when
being of a predetermined magnitude and wave shape to
accompanied by a corresponding rearrangement of volt-
saturate said first and said second transistor, when con-
age polarities.
This is well known to those skilled in the
ducting alternately to a minimum degree
of saturation
art.
Also where a greater power handling capabability
is required a parallel arrangement of a plurality of semi-
65
for the magnitude of sinusoidal current flowing at any in-
stant during conduction.
conductor devices may be resorted to.
In addition, the
3. The apparatus substantially as claimed in claim 2
resonant network illustrated as a simple series
circuit
wherein said input current signal comprises substantially
may be replaced by a suitable filter, such as a low pass or
a sine wave of input current of predetermined magnitude.
band pass filter,
when desired.
Any network providing
70
4. A power amplifier
comprising, in combination;
the disclosed frequency response is meant to be included
semiconductor means utilized in a switching mode; a
in the teachings of this invention.
resonant network having a low impedance to a funda-
I claim as my invention:
mental frequency and a high impedance to harmonic
1. In a semiconductor amplifier having an efficiency
frequencies thereof connected to
said semiconductor
greater than 90% and operative with a voltage source 75 means to be charged and discharged therethrough; said

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1690, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,772
9
resonant circuit allowing only a sine wave of current at
said fundamental frequency to be switched by said semi-
conductor means; and means driving said semiconductor
means with a sine wave input signal at said fundamental
frequency and having an instantaneous magnitude only 5
sufficient to minimally saturate the semiconductor means
to allow the instantaneous magnitude of sine wave cur-
ing a magnitude sufficient to reduce the saturation resist-
ance to a minimum whereby underdriving and overdriv.
ing will be precluded when the transistor means is in its
ON mode of operation.
References Cited by the Examiner
UNITED STATES PATENTS
rent through said semiconductor means.
5. In a power amplifier, the combination comprising;
a resonant network, including a load resistor, having a 10
Plogstedt et al.
low impedance to a fundamental frequency and a high
330-18 X
impedance to harmonic frequencies thereof; means, in-
cluding first transistor means, connected to said resonant
FOREIGN PATENTS
network for charging said network; means, including sec-
ond transistor means, connected to said resonant network 15
7/1961 Germany.
for discharging said network; means for alternately ren-
dering said first and said second transistor means con-
OTHER REFERENCES
ducting and non-conducting respectively in a switching
Ryder: Network, Lines and Fields, Prentice Hall, New
mode as the resonant current in said network changes
Jersey, 1955, page 61 relied on.
polarity; said means for rendering driving said transistor 20
means with a waveform in phase with the waveform of
ROY LAKE, Primary Examiner.
the resonant current of said network; said waveform hay-
NATHAN KAUFMAN, Examiner.
