{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T06:39:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2498919, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125191-cejka-electrifying-plastics.pdf", "source_sha256": "7a08c4985764e524b1ef4f3f06de661230908c7d8e758ed342a2073125ba46dc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3566, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that che
!! +
dent
4/09
BY GARY TAUBES
Polyacatylene's shimmer shows off
its amazing metal-like properties
he experiment
ist Hideki Shiran.
tronic components made of plastic.
one of his students in sne
The exotic material defied all the
Tokyo Institute of Technol-
conventional wisdom about plas-
ogy to perform was routine: turn a
ties. Ever since John Hyst, an
tiny amount of ammon acetylene
American inventor, created the
welding ras into an organic poly.
irst synthetic polymer, celluloid, in
mer, a plastic consisting of a long.
1868, plastics have been known for
chain of carbon-based molecules.
their highly useful characteristics.
But the student, a Korean with a
They are lightweight, pliable, easy
limited Japanese vocabulary, mis-
CHEMISTRY
to mold, and excellent electrical in-
understood his professor and wed
sulators. For these reasons, plastics
far too much of a crucial chemical
have long been used to coat electri-
ingredient. Instend of' obtaining o black powder, the
cal wires and to make exterior parts of such com-
usual result in the experiment, he got a silvery film
mon electrical equipment as telephones, power
that looked like nothing so much as a metal.
tools, and computer terminals.
The strange material born of that botched experi-
MaeDiarmid and other scientists quickly recog-
ment in 1970 might have remained a simple labora-
nised the technological promise of plastics that were
tory curiosity had not Alan MacDiarmid, a Universi-
also electrical conductors. Such materials, they
ty of Pennsylvania chemist, traveled to Japen five
thought, might rewdily lend themselves to a host of
years later. When Shirakawa showed him the met-
novel products. One application, in particular, has
al-like plastic, he was intrigued. "I had never seen
since drawn the attention of a number of manufac-
anything like it before," MacDiarmid says. He was
so curious, in fact, that be invited Shirakawa to join
turers: a super-lichtnight battery that might, at
long last, make electric cars both practical and eco-
him and a colleague, physicist Alan Heeger, for a
nomical. Until now, develapment of these quiet,
year in their Philadelphia laboratory to investigate
non-polluting vehicies has been hindered by their re-
the properties of the puzzling substance.
liance on conventional batteries, usually made of
This collaboration soon led to another surprising
lead, which quickly expend their energy and weigh
discovery. When a researcher intentionally contami-
as much as all the other parta of the car combined.
nated, or "daped," the new plastic with a small
Lured by the potential of a plastic battery and
amount of iodine-a standard chemical practice-the
ather plastie devices, chemists everywhere have
properties of the polymer were altered radically.
been busily looking into the new material The rum-
Thic doping had increased the plastie's ability to con
duct electricity ns much as a trillion-fald. Er the first
ber of scientifie papers on conducting plastics has
prolifernted from the orieinal offering hy MaeDiar.
time, scientists had created a plastic that was as good
mid and Heecer in 1977 to a food of more than 200
an electrical conductor as metal-and, in the process
last year In recent years, chemists at IBM, Allied
opened a nathway to n warld of electrical and elec-
Corporation, Cherren Chemical, Xerox, and several
ELECTRIFYING
PLASTICS
Plastics are not supposed to conduct
electricity, but the surprising discovery that
some can may open the door to battery-
powered cars and other futuristic technology
DISCOVER / JUNE 1904

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 784, "chars": 5063, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CHEMISTRY
In Alan MacDiarmid's laboratory, an experimental battery made of conducting plastic spins a
propeller. Such plastics could power electric cars of the future
laboratories overseas have concocted
their own variations of the polymers.
Many researchers have used these sub-
stances to buld experimental electronic
gadgetry, including diodes and other solid
Slate devices, Such components, usually
made either of silicon or other semicon-
ductors, are at the heart of microchips and
the computer revolution. American indus-
try alone is investing some 56 million to
$10 million a year in research and develop-
ment involving the remarkable plastics.
Unlike plastics, metals conduet essilu
because they have a surplus of free elec
trons that can readily be passed from one
ator to the nest, By contrast, the atoms of
an insulator hold their electrons very
tight. In the language of chemistry, the
electrons are chi hountathe nuclei of
the atoms Only a powerful jolt af external
-eberg wall Tree electrons so they can
move on to neighboring atoms. Simon Por-
ter, a chemist at MacDiarmid's laborato-
ry, compares conductivity to a parking lot
and electrons to cars: Uf the parking lot is
full, you bave nowhere to go; there is no
movement of cars. On the other hadri s
car leaves the lot by one exit, you can go in
from the other side and park Theres
morement of care through Aachet or If you-
will, electrons. That's conduction."
But plastics have tightly bound elec-
trons How does polvacetylene the plastic
derived from acetylene gas, mango tobe
48
come a conductor? One possible explana-
tion lies in its unique structure, the sim-
plest of any plastic, It is produced with the
aid of a specia cotalyst that encourages
the free-floating molecries in the cas to
Tink up in chains, or polymers, Excessive
amounts of this catalyst, as Shirakawa dis-
covered, result in longer polymers and im-
part the metallic look to the plastic.
ach of the identical, linked units in
the polymer consists of a carbon
atom and hydrogen atom. Along
the chain, the adjacent carbon at-
oma are bound to each other by shared
electrons. These bonds alternate: a single
bond, to which each carbon atom contrib-
utes one electron, is followed by a double
band, to which each contributes two elec-
As physicist Alan Heeger looks on, research-
er Joan Brennan, wearing rubber gloves, ma-
nipulates a piece of conducting plastic that
is protected in an atmosphere of pure argon
trons. In the double bonds, the electrons
are loosely held by the nuclei of the atoms,
and can be pried loose with the right
chemical crow bar.
For polyacetylene, the crowbar was the
deping substance, iodine, which can steal
extra electrons from other atoms. The re-
sult of this theft is an occasional carbon
atom in the chain that lacks n full comple
ment of electrons. The missing electrons
are in effect the empty parking spaces in
Porter's analogy! When an external elec:
trical field is upplied to the plastie, nearby.
electrons promptly jump into the vacant
slots, These in turn leave new vacancies
that are filled by atill other electrons. Sud-
denly, what was originally an insulator
has become a conductor, allowing the pas-
aage of an electrical current.
Taking advantage of this conductivity,
industrial researchers have already pro-
duced scaled-down experimental plastic
batteries that weigh a third less than com-
parable conventional batteries. Bqually
important, these plastic cells can be
charged and discharged much faster than
conventional lead-acid batteries Liran,
- Secure car, alich rapid delivery of power
would vastly improve acceleration and
hill-climhing ahilita, both sorely deficient:
_ in today's electric vehicles. In addition,
scientists report tast their prototype po-
Lyucetylene batteries are highly durable,
capable of being competely discharged
and recharzed more than i thousand
times Refore wearing out, A typical lead-
acid battery might not recover from even
a single complete discharge.
What makes the plastie batteries so ap
parently superior! Like water tumbling
down a mountainsidel electrical currents
flow through a battery because there is a
difference in potential or voltage
be-
tween its electrodes; this is comparableto
different elevations at either end of the
mountain stream. In ordinary batteries
the electrica. potential is created by dia-
similar materials-say, lead and lead ox-
ide separated by a solution, such as sui-
pauric acic, called an electrolite. When
The battery is discharged, the electrodes
gradually dissolve into postave ions (at-
amathat have lost electrons and tous have
a positive coarge that more back and
fort through the electrolyte. When the
battery is charged, the ions return to the
electrodes, pick up their missing chec
trons, and become full-fedged lead atome
again, replenishing the depleten elec.
trodes. Butafter repeated cycles, the elec-
Trodes become conted with i crust of lead
sulphate, and the battery tails.
By contrast, plastie betteries consist of
two strips of polymer immersed in the
DISCOVER / JUNE 1984

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2895, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
iodine atom
single bond
electron
double band
palyacetylene
carbon nucleus
electron jumps
hydrogen nucleus
copper wire
ELECTRONS PLAY MUSICAL CHAIRS
TO MAKE PLASTIC A CONDUCTOR
electroly Unlike the process in conven-
tional batteries, the electroite-rather
than the electrodes themselves-contrib-
-Hes the tons that shuttle between the two
Electrodes las the ions cling to the elec
trodes, they dope the polymer and change
ita potentini Licenuse the ions are drawn
from the electrolute, not from the poly:
mer, the electrodes have virtually no wear
_and tear and remain intact through count.
Jess changing and discharging cules Saut
chemist Fred Wudi, of the University of
California at Santa Barbars, "Theoreti-
cally, you should be able to go on using the
battery forever."
So far these plastie marvels have been
confined to the laboratory. But Allied Car
partico, which bought licensing righte
from the University of Pennsylvania in
DSCOVER / JUNE 1964
A polyacetylene mole-
cule conducts electric-
ity in this way: An io-
dine atom (1) draws off
a loosely held electron
from a double band be-
tween adjaining carbon
alams, (Carbon atoms
bind to each other by
sharing either two or
four electrons.) Nudged
1981 to manufacture plastie batteries.
nirsamarina commercini version to tae
market within the next several wears.
ars are not the only potential mar-
ket for the battery makers, They
see a full range of products, from
rechargeable batteries for appli-
ances like video cassette recorders to
huge storage batteries that could be used
by public utilities to store electricity from
wind or hydroelectric generating facili
ties during periods of low power demand
Industrial chemista are aiso thinking of
pensive solar panela that can convert sun
light dinstly into alectricity Up to now,
such panels have usually been made ef
much costlier materials. MacDiarmid en
ritions immense sheets of plastic solar
by the electrical field
between the wires, an
electron (2] from a
nearby carbon alam
hops into the vacated
slot. That one in turn is
replaced by a third
electron (3), and finally
a fourth (4), to produce
a current (5). Left:
polyacetylene strips
HARDTRTIGEST SOONE
cells and batteries rolling off production
lines and being cut to the desired size and
moltage by nothing more than menhe
nized cookie cutters
Indeed, as chemists learn to tailor-
make the plastics with specifie chemical
and physical properties, they should be
able to produce a host of new electrically
conducting polymers that could be used
in place of costlier metals in everything
from motors and wires to magnets and
generators. "Our dream," says Heeger,
"Is to make materials that will create a
whole new technology. After all, synthet.
ie fibers like nylon didn't exist ifty years
ago, and now they have replaced natural
fibers in many applications. These new
man-made metals may have the same
promising future."
