{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T16:26:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3772786, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125192-cejka-bio-effects-of-geotachyonic-disturbances-underground-noxious-raysand-electronic-smog-vince-wib.pdf", "source_sha256": "80950685963ef74b53a4f1f42d33ded05a8f7832d1cd4398dd97365c40cbae8e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 4164, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 1 1904
"INVESTITATING BIOEFPECTS OF GEOTACHYONIO DISTURBANCES, UNDERGROUND
NOXIOUS RAYS, and ELECTRONIO SMOG" by Vince Wiberg. TEL: (213) 461-9702
About 5000 years ago, the ancient Chinese were aware of the good and
evil influences, which inhabit the natural features of landscapes. They
used this knowledge to geomance sites for structures and other buildinga
of Importance, as well as determining the influences in selecting graves.
They still oall it 'feng-shul', pronounced fung-shwan. The two chinese
hieroglyphical soript characters denote 'wind-water'. Modern interpreters
contend that wind also meant spirit and that water 1s life. It 1s interest-
ing to stop with the genetics at this point, as mankind could never have
survived prehistorical eons of the foregoing facts, even berore manking
discovered the use of fire ---is last major contribution toward becoming a
humanoid. Our only separation between vertebrates and Invertebrates on this
plane is the recognition and acceptance of the 'spirit', thus elevating ag
a human--- a distinotive classification•
the purpose of this paper primerily, 1s to investigate more closely the
negative or "evil influences" and what can be done about then. avoidance 1a
a prerequieite, countermeasures are suggested and must be tailored to the
1na1vidual/group needs.
Tachyon 1a a new word, fashioned from the Greek prefix; tachys, mean-
ing 'awift'. To better understand some concluding remarks later, I offer to
you my conceptual model and theory. The poatulates of which I feel most
comfortable with, as it allows me to stretch my arms - so to speak - and
leavea room to add more unknowns to the unknowna at a future time. A tachyon
or tachion, le a subatomic particle or wave motion, referencedto 1te own
molecule,
travelling in an orbit well outside of all the so called physical
component boundarles of the molecule, faster than the speed of 1ight waves
186,000 m1le/sec.), 1s a closely knitted double- much like a binary star,
sach twin equal in 11ke charges ( probably zero ), polarities, yet spin in
opposite directions (left-right nelicals)• Tachyons enter, depart, other
atoms, moleculea, and otner realma at all times without changing its neigh-
identity in any manner. (Normally- as time is a factor). This 'awift'
elusive therefor will have to remain a recluse until our yardstick of all
phys1oa1 reality- 186,254 m1les/sec. 11m1tation - has been surpaased or
imagined. Surpassing 1s within reach now. Reloase and research UFO data
serioualy. Stop hiding it under the table. Research thought transference,
1t can exceed speed of light and arrive beforebeing sent. Launch an atomic
vehicle from space lab with many stages of mini-explosions to approach
critical speeds in a sun orbit. The imaged or thought process approach ie
aimpler, inexpensive, personal, with realistie applicable Information quickly
obtainable.
Geotachyonio disturbances also known as geopathogenic zones, pathogenic
etrese zones, noxious energyradiations, and noxious ley lines have been
written about in various publications the past 50 years as being a bane to
animals as well humans when confined to work or sleep in this stressed
enersy flelds, especially over a period of time. The body also becomes stress-
ed it seeds and weakened
ao as to incite ailments to enter. My model for
understanding this is as followa: The earth 1s constantly bombarded from
outer space with cosmic rays. These are not particularly bothersome, sinee
they also found at great depths even shielding cannot stop penetration. We
also know they travel near the speed of light waves and can be detected by
scientific instruments. However, underground water tables, mineral stratas,
crystal aligned formations, such
as lightning striking the ground previous
to house conatruction, earthquate faults and shears, coal stratas ete., seem
to reflect and refract with added speed into focused areas and are now
tachyonic (unable to detect by orthodox equipment). These multi-facited
reversed earthly emanations that have been altered in speed and polarity,
do not necessarily bounce back in any true vertical direction. Instead they
( continued next page)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 4074, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(continued)
are oblique radiations, that become focused (increased stress) and defocus
at various heights, as attested to my findings when overlaying each floor
recording in multi-etoried structures. What appears on the ground level does
not necessarily have to agree with each upper level. This phenomena could
-leo be the culprit of inexperienced dowers to misjudge the exact drill site.
noldentally, the molecular tachyon as I desoribed in the third paragraph, 1s
the adhesive bonding,
both homogenous and in harmony, especially with Ilke
molecules, that 'glues' this universe together.
When I am called upon to investigate the subject matter of this titled
paper, the following general format of what 1s expected from each or us, to
obtain maximum data and benefits, la as follows. I must come to you. If
dat-
ant, a prepala door-to-door round trip ticket 1a of prime importance as well
as housing and meals, or a complete dollar coat can be quoted. other than
name, address, phone
and E.Ț.A., please refrain from giving me any other
information until requested| after
completing my investigation) In which
questiona and advice are in order. Upon arrival, measurements will be taken
at the perimeter of property, then around perimeter of buildings, before
entering same,
then scanning each floor and rooms. Presently 3 distinet and
separate observations are notated: (1) a magnetic inductor operating in the
audible frequency range to deteot 50-120 cycles for A/O radlation leakages,
fluoreacent, microwave, improper electric grounds, faulty awitches, dimmers,
motors eto. (2) a standing wave ratio signal strength meter operating at
randon R.F. selections to denote any presence of microwave, communication, or
beamed radio pathways and probably the most important of all (3) the dows-
ing for geotachyonic or as some Fhyalcians refer to geopathogenio zones--
"stressed areas that apparently help to make genes unstable". When I am
referred to by a Doctor,
a man st detalling types of radiation
exposures, strengths, and directions when avallable are forwarded for con-
sideration with copy to client. When asked, I Will also enclose a copy of
personal auragram which must be performed prior to the question-answer phase.
he correctives naturally depend upon the findings. Power problems may entail
services of an eleotrician or notifying Power con
standing-waves by r.f.
shields, grounds, notification to station etc., whereas the geoenergies can
also be reduced,
sometimes diverted, and moat
times completely eliminated via
many experimental methoda- all dependant upon the findings once again.
Alternate methods can be avoiding zones, rearranging furniture or shielding,
consider the spare bedroom, move bed to other wall, eto.. My visit to you
includes instructing any non-skeptical person how fo detect and monitor the
"geos" for your protection. You w111 have one more committal. Two weete after
I have left you, you must promise to write a letter to your attending pro-
Teasional, newspaper, radio station, or best friend about your reactions to
my vialt. Good, bad, or indifference, state your honest opinions, and be sure
to forward me a carbon or xeroxed copy. Every letter to date has been favor-
able. (Note: The average time consumed to survey one house/apt family with
reporte takes 8 houra)
by Vince Wiberg 2159 Fern Dell Place Los Feliz H111s, Ca. 90068
References -
Far. /1 Erwin E. Stark " A History of Doweing and Enersy
Relationships " ISBN 0-89491-038-8. Feng-9hu1 definition- most any
unabridged dictionary
Far. #3 Hans A. Nieper Papers from the A, Keith Brewer Solence
Library, Admiral Ruge Archives, R1chland Center, W1. 53581
Par. #4 "Effecte of Harmful Radiations and
Noxious Rays" by
American Society of Dowsers, Inc., Danville, Vt. 05828.
" The Divining Hand"
0. Bird ISBN 0-525-09373-7.
. Dr. Hans A. Nieper tapes, Ambaasador Hotel,
May 19 1983, Los Angeles, obtainable from Cancer Control Society, Los AngeleB,
Ca., 9002T
Far. #5 Selence News "DNA Helix Found to Oscillate in Reson-
ance with Microwaves". Vo1.125, April 21 1984, page 248

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 885, "chars": 5760, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCIENKE NEWS®
The Weekly Newsmagazine of Science
A Scence Service Publicalion
Volume 125. No. 1, July 7, 1984
E. G. Sherburne.:
Joel Greenberg
Dietrick E, Thamsen
Pubashor
Senior Editor
Physical Sciences
Joanne Silberner
Laurie Jackson Philips
Managing Editor
6
7
Production.Design
Dilector
Bruca Bower
Behavoral Scienicas
7
Letters
Return of the giant bee
Thanks for your interest in Chalcodemo
pluto (SN: 5/12/84, p. 293). It is nice to know that
one's favorite animals hold some general inter•
est. I thought your readers might appreciate a
close-up of the lace of the female giant bee.
Adom Messer
Deersity o/ Georgia
Aliens, Ga
This Week
4
At the Heart of Blood Pressure Control
New solid-state vibrational laser
Protons spin a surprise for quantum chromodynamics theory
Mt. Wilson 100-inch telescope facing a future in mothballs?
Early liver cancer now detectable
Viral AIDS suspect stripped of alibi
Angel dust clobbers immune cells
Economic woes may harm health later
Pulsar with very hard gamma rays
Platinum enrichment in cosmic spheres
Oil breathing
Regarding the article entitled "Fight ozone
with a breath of Vitamin E7* (SN: 3/31/84, p. 197)
-I'm confused. It mentions that the vitamin
was administered by means of a mineral oil
aerosol base. I had thought that it was danger-
ous for humans to aspirate mineral oil —that it
could damage the lungs.
Los Ana Horowta, MA
Far Lown NJ
Mineral oil aos used for the animo/ studies the
researchers say a different aerosol would have
so be developed for use in odmmistering the ov-
tamin E to humans. — J. Raloit
Il might be very revealing (oncogenes aside)
to conduct a survey comparing the incidence of
cancer in areas adjacent to power lines versus
those that are not
Power lines
1 read the article "DNA helix lound to oscillate
in resonance with microwaves" (SN: 4/21/84, p.
248) with inderest because for the past two
years I have been a private duty nurse for
cancer patients in San Gabriel Valley and have
been fascinated that so many of these patients'
homes are very close to high voltage power
lines-
Mary Heussenstomar
Lo Crescenta, Cold
Just do serthe record straight, most power lines
operate a du herra, well below the bittion-hers
range of microwaves, Since the Drological ettects
of exposare to electromagnetic radiotion de
pend strongly on frequency, one connor draw e
concision from one bused on the other.
However, you are not alone in your concern
about possible health effects of high pologe
ironsmission fines. There hace been o number
of audies (see for example SN: 4/21/79, p 2M3)
suggesting possible laks bendeen leukenno and
proximity to power dines over the pass few vears
A recent repor by the Congressional Research
Service (CRS repor/ *84-579 STR, request
through your congressional representance)
summorizes she relevant sadies Like mow
epidemnlogical stadies, at dos Been ford to
drow deanihue conclusions, and so the urea is
embrored in controbers
-S Weisburd
307
MAY 19, 1984
ISSN 0036-8423
Letters
Up there in the microwaves
Steli Weisburd attempts to set the record
straight* in her reply to Mary Heussenstamm's
letter about cancer and power lines Power-
lines." SN: 5/19/84. p. 307). These lines do in fact
"operate" at 60 Hz in that they carry power at
that low Irequency, They do, however, radiate
energy at many higher frequencies Anyone who
does not believe this need only drive under a
high voltage line with his car radio turned on.
The source of the radio-frequency noise is
corona discharge. As the alternating line volt-
age passes near its maximum during each cycle,
the corona discharge begins abruptly It stops
uptiy as the voltage swings back toward zero
-er the peak is passed. This nonlinear current
Bow causes energy to be radiated not just at S0
Ha, but also at all harmonie multiples of 60 H2
far into the RF range. How far up the spectrum
this radiation goes is certainly subject to meas-
urement. If the corona's risetime is very short.
ice. less than i nonosecond, there is likely to be
HILLY 7. 1984
quite a bit of energy in the microwave spectrum.
Availability of energy from corona discharge
af very short wavelengths is suggested by the
fact that carona discharges in power linest)
ionize the air nearby and (2) emit visible light.
Consider further that a power line operating al
60 Hz with a nonlinear current flow caused by
corona discharge has blocked out a radio signal
four decades above it in the trequency spec-
trum at 600 Kz. Another lour decades and we
are at 6 GHa. right up there in the microwaves
I fully agree with Ms. Heussenstamm. and I
think she's right about suggesting this belooked
into. Hound it very interesting that page 306 ol
the same issue had an article about tallout-
caused cancers, a subjeet that had received
similar neglect as recently as 10 years ago
Douglas W. Raymond
Slinky speculations
Scientific work is sometimes slightly
loreshadowed by speculations, An example is
the work on vibrations of DNA by EW. Proholsky
who began thinking about the topic a decade
ago ("Dissecting the Dance in DNA," SN: 6/9/84,
The metaphysical question "Does con-
sclousness depend on the helical DNA
molecules, vibrating like the toy called Staky?
was asked by me in Zuntru(1967, Hilary term p.
16) ZenitH is a scientific journal published by
Oxford undergraduates. And Hilary term in the
semester that begins in January| A sugeestion
was made by Peter Fong (PHysior, CHEM. AND
Puss. 1. 1969. 24-41), that memories might be
coded along RA molecules by bases project-
ing from the coils of the helix, and he suppested
• fairly specific mechanism for Uns: These pro-
jections would allect the modes of vibration ol
the molecule, and the proteins to which it could
Dept of Sanste
ka Polaechme inst ond Store Unle
Blacksburg Ni

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 2047, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I. I. PENROCK.
AFPAELTOB TOE COLLECTIO ELLCTEICAL ISEROT.
1,014,719.
AFALICATIOS FILED JAR. 4, 1911.
7
Patented Jan 18, 1912
56
ICT 1.
3
Big 2
3
608
35
159-1
58
35.
8
40
Fig. 1.
21 d
50% 52
2025 0091909
• 25%
27 k
(2дi0))
Sig4.
22
20
2L
54
15.5
+088
43.-
F2
2491
52
7:50
51
28
30
1I-a4 Int
TESLA
Desegha
15 lug dia or dad
Tad mine at patt
2
•7
4.84 MNZ QUARTER
WAVELENOTH FREQUENCY
TRInAKy CENTERED IN 2 uARy
DC
I-
gert
REE ENEROT DEVICE DRAWING
rom researcher with background 1
Horay a
davice dald....
wad are deter
Fig. 3.
Where can I Buy A Teala Coil ? Several concerna have
periodically put themout, Current adderses luclude :
laformation Unlimited, Box 716, Anheral, N. H 03931
(pat out a catolog for 52 with varlous descriptiome )
Professional Sound Syatema, UHV Dir. 49l4 Baldwin A
Temple City, CA. 91780 (10 modela lor sale - free Nyer)
Nick Basurs. 1414 Alice St, L, A.
CA 90065 | Wide range
osa in thia field for rescarchera,
ked the DOE for
fusion reactor
to the sum and e
the energy in a large spheric
Tocusing at least
four laser beams on the marble side fir
the cases will
heat to a million a hall depreco & creat continuous emere
Press clippings show last project of the invemtar was a hog
Teala coll lightening maker set up outaide Weadover. Utah.
Thia cily wan about to eviet him for back reat on a banger.
1 See: Teala Times, Box 22, Burton, B, C. Canada, VoG IED
PRODIGAL GENIUS
The Life of Nikola Tesla
Inventor Extraordinary
By JOHN J. O'NEILL
+7.12
- F0
325 Pages
"Nacia Tesia stalks through Mr ONells pages, the fantasin
figure thal he was in ide - a colbate reclose who sought suprett
control over maller and energy, a Dr Faustas who cared noining
for Marguentes: a pruosopner Med mih a vost disconient d
poet who toyed wit ancial ligning
O Nails book is it
one full-lengie brography and lhe end appreciation of Tesia pia
* have il does honor bour to Teara andsts author, and it Saght
lo be read by engune who loses Ine Sighilest interest in thes
highly eleciatied world of ours"
- Waicemar Kaemoiler
in The New York Times
