{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-08T14:50:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 29, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 17704256, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304266087141515, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125190-health-secrets-from-europe-cejka-bee-pollen.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541072020000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125190-health-secrets-from-europe-cejka-bee-pollen.pdf", "source_sha256": "0262778c02f4eb8743ab494f8bd6a07533664a27f84aa518e23cc7d9439b67cc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1465, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Health
Secrets
from
Europe
Paavo O. Airola, N. D.
Foreword by
Jern Hamberg, M.D.
ARCO PUBLISHING, INC.
NEW YORK
14
How to Keep Young
with Miracle Foods from the Bees
From their bellies (the bees)
comes a liquor which is medicine for man.
-The Kiran
There are 21,708 people in the Soviet Union who are over 100
years old, according to the 1959 census. And there are quite a few
who have reached the respectable age of 150 and over.
Some years ago the famed Russian scientist, biologist and ex-
perimental botanist, Dr. Nicolai Tsitsin, was engaged in research on
longevity. The aim of his inquiry was to find out ways of prolonging
human life.
"We decided to send letters to 200 people claiming to be over
100 years old with the request to answer the following three ques-
tions: what was their age, how had they earned their living most of
their lives, and what had been their principle foodiại
Dr. Taitsin received 150 replies to his 200 letters.
"We made a very interesting discovery. The answers showed that
a large number of them were bee-keepers. And all of them, without
exception, said that their principal food always had been honeyẠi
But as sensational as this discovery was, this was not all!
"We found," continued Dr. Tsitsin, "that in each case it wasn't
really honey these people ate, but the waste matter in the bottom of
the bechive. They were poor and they sold all the pure honey on the
market, and kept only the dirty residue for themselvesiạ
170

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4246, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
After a series of laboratory experiments and tests, Dr. Tsimin
discovered that the "dirty residue" of the honey scrap was neither
dirt nor honey, but almost pure pollen, which falls off the bees' legs
while they deposit their honey. Tsitsin was on the verge of a great
nutritional discover yl
HONEY AND POLLEN-HEAVENLY FOODS!
Since time immemorial man has regarded honey and pollen
as ambrosia-the food of the gods. Honey is mentioned in the Bible
as a specially blessed food. In cave paintings from the Neolithic age
(about 15,000 years ago) are illustrations of honey combs being
gathered for food. Honey has been found in 5,000-year-old Egyptian
yramids. Pythagoras, a great Greek scientist (600 в.с.), recom-
mended honey for health and long life. Throughout the ages honey
has been regarded as a divine food with age-retarding and rejuvenat-
ing properties.
The miraculous powers of pollen were also recognited by man
in the early ages. Ancient texts from Egypt, Persia and China refer to
it. Greek philosophers claimed that pollen held the secret of eternal
youth. Pollen was revered as nature's own propagator of life. Raw,
unstrained honey, with large proportions of pollen, was used by the
original Olympic athletes for extra energy and vitality.
WHAT IS POLLEN?
Pollen is the male germ cells of the plant kingdom. Pollen in
the bechive in two ways: it attaches itself to the legs of honey-collect-
ing bees and then falls off their legs while they deposit their honey:
also it is believed that it is deliberately collected by the bees to feed
the young working bees which produce royal jelly-another amazing
substance on which the queen bee lives exclusively.
Analysis of pollen has shown that it is indeed a food for gods-it
is the richest and most complete food in naturel
Pollen contains 20 percent protein; all the water-soluble vita-
mins (with the exception of Bia) : a rich supply of minerals and
trace elements, and enzymes and coenzymes. The other vital sub-
stances are so-called deoxiribosides and sterines, plus traces of steroid
172
hormone substances and other plant hormones. Most researchers
believe, however, that there must be some other as yet undiscovered
substances in pollen which must share the credit for its acknowledged
prophylactic and therapeutic value. It has been demonstrated that
and rejuvenates glandular activity.
Pollen for prostate trouble
Extensive studies were made by three Swedish doctors, Professor
Gösta Jonsson, Dr. Gösta Leander and Professor H. Palmstierna.
They reported that strictly controlled tests on 179 cases of chronic
prostate inflammation showed that Cernilton, a pollen preparation,
together with conventional treatments gives in 60 to 80 percent of
the cases better results than conventional therapy alone. By 1965
their studies included over 1,100 cates, with the same positive results.
Pollen for hemmorrboids
Dr. Lars-Erik Essén from Sweden reports that he has used a
pollen preparation, Cernitory, for the treatment of hemorroids. He
said that in many cases where treatments with the traditional chemi-
cal suppositories were ineffective, the pollen preparation brought
about fast relief, even in avanced cases. The preparation is available
without prescription in Swedish drug stores.
Pollen for a bealthier digestive tract
Many researchers suggest that pollen has an extremely benchicial
effect on the digestive tract and intestines. A French researcher, Dr.
Remy Chauvin, reports that pollen seems to have an anti-putrefac-
tive factor. It destroys harmful bacteria in the intestines and im-
proves assimilation and elimination. In clinical tests the administra-
tion of pollen has relieved chronic constipation and colonic infec-
tion. Patients suffering from chronic diarrhea have also showed
improvement,
It has been suggested that Bulgarians, Rumanians, Russians, and
other East European peoples known for their enviable record of
longevity have to thank lactic acid for their excellent health and
youthful vitality. Their diets are high in soured foods (rich in lactic
acid), such as sour milk, yogurt, black sour-dough bread, sauerkraut,
and the like. Lactic acid has a beneficial anti-putrefactive effect on
intestines and keeps the digestive tract in good health.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 675, "chars": 4258, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
173
Probably the most beneficial effect of pollen is that, taken in-
ternally, it quickly produces the same anti-putrefactive effect as lactic-
acid foods, and thus contributes to a healthy digestive system and
good assimilation of nutrients-absolute prerequisites for good health
and long life.
Other indications
Pollen in pure form or in the form of Swedish Cernitin prepara-
tions has also been used successfully for the following conditions:
• As a general tonic, especially in convalescence and in condi-
tions of neurasthenia."
• In chronic bronchitis, asthaa, multiple sclerosis, gastric ul-
cers, and arthritis.!
• In hay fever.!
• In treatment of symptoms of aging.*.
Pollen completely harmless
French doctor Remy Chauvin fed hundreds of experimental
mice nothing but pollen for two years to discover possible harmful
through several generations of mice there were increasing vitality
and greater reproduction. He continued similiar experiments with
children, adults, and old people. There has never been reported any
example of the possible harmful effect of pollen on human beings.
TWO REMARKABLE CASES OF RECOVERY
Mrs. Jytte Elmgaard, 35, from Denmark, was stricken by leuco-
encephatalis-an organic nerve disease with epileptic attacks-in
1950. The disease is considered incurable. During the next ten years
her condition grew progressively worse, until by 1961 she was totally
paralyzed and bedridden. She had up to 40 epileptic attacks a day.
became blind and could not move any part of her body. She lost
weight and was fading away fast. No one expected her to survive
... except her husband who didn't want to give up.
A Danish doctor suggested trying pollen. He obtained a German
pollen preparation in liquid form. Mrs. Elmgaard felt some im-
provement, but not much. A Swedish specialist was consulted and he
advised trying Cernitin T.60 in the form of injections. Injection
121
treatments started in May, 1963, first given by the doctor, then con
tinued by Mr. Elmgaard. The Danish Medical Society gave permis
sion to use these injections and the treatment was at all times undet
her doctor's supervision. Later, several other pollen preparations
were included in the treatment, such as Cernimult, Cernilton, Pol
litabs, Polloton 25.
Swedish health magazine Tidskrift för Hilsa, reported three
years later that Mrs, Elmgaard has miraculously returned to life. Her
condition has been steadily improving. Her vision has returned, she
can sit up in her bed and talk, and her paralysis has becn disappear-
ing gradually from various parts of her body. Even her weight has
become normal. She has to continue with the pollen injections,
diabetic. The injections keep her free from attacks and improve her
general condition.
Doctors were amazed by the "miracle." They could not believe
that she was still alive. Her case was reported and widely discussed in
• medical literature. Doctors suggested, of course, thatỗcertain cases of
leucoencephatalis for some unknown reason can heal spontaneouslyiại
Another case is the dramatic case of U.S. Air Force Lt. Col.
Thomas J. Tretheway. During World War II, Col. Tretheway
spent nine months in a Japanese prison camp as a prisoner of war.
His health was in a deplorable state and his weight dropped from 175
pounds to only 85 pounds.
One night he managed to escape. But he was lost in the jungle
and finally, after about three days of wandering and with gangrene
on his feet, he succumbed to weakness and malnutrition. He was
found unconscious by natives of a Chinese jungle tribe.
The natives brought him to the village and treated him for
several weeks with a diet rich in pollen and honey. They also coated
his feet with pollen and honey. After a few weeks his strength was
restored and he was able to walk. The natives guided him to the
English lines. An English doctor in Calcutta told him that it was
pollen and honey he was to thank for his life and the use of his
Col. Tretheway reported that the natives who saved his life col
lected pollen from the surface of the water where it had been carried
by the wind. They made cakes from it, mixing it with honey-this
was their staple diet. They were tall and lean, had perfect teeth, and
both children and adults seemed to be in excellent health,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 3882, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ind sientific evidence of pollen's the
creative and rejuvenating electiạ she
ided
Active Against Malnutrition
Prof Chattas,
pediatrist at the
Universidad Naclonal de Cordaba.
repots. for example, that use of the
pure pollen extract made a alpnificant
improvenient in children muffering from
malnutsition
In tests with M childen under twa
years of age. over a period of 20 days,
appetites improved in 25 cases, colour
of skin improved in 5 cases. urine
Inercase in total proteins in 19 cases.
Prof. Clattas also referred toạithe
favourable action of the use of flower
pollen in the treatment of children
with influenra or with post-infection
lack of appetiteại Commenting on the
chemical comportion of the pollen
Drug Testing
Institute
(Araneimittelwessen) of East Berlin,
showed that after realment a nunber
of men developed a preater sex drive
and no longer suffered Inpotency and
other scaual disturlaaces They were
relieved of difficult and persistent
prostatis that did not respond ta
earlier forms of treatmentiỊạthe medical
publication reported.
Perhaps
the
most
sensational
example of the curative and energising
effects of the Swedish pollen extract is
the case of Mrs. Jyite Elmgaard, care-
fully checked by doctors and reported
In such diverse publications at Good
NealiA, the Toronto Telegraph, Oggi
Mustrato In Italy, Abstravana Politica
In Yugoslavia, the Sunday Inferendent
In freland and other publications from
Turkey t0 California.
Doctors had given Mrs. Elingaard,
a 34-year-old housewife only about
amino scids it containt asparagine and
rate
brain Infection, diagnosed as
aspartie
•cHI
known
fatigue-
leucnencephalils with recurrent attacks
relieving action
of epilepsy, she slowly lost her sense of
In Germany 11. Klapsch, M.D., •
feeling. She became deaf, dumb, blind,
director in the department of Industrial
a human skeleton for whom doctors
medicine of a leary industrial conce,
had lost all hope.
Hales that tablets containing pollen
Then AD Cemelle offered to give
extraci from AH Cerelle
served
her experimental Injectiong containing
electively
an
anti-Influenza
pore pollen extract. Today her
medicine.
recovery -
.. a near complete relurn of
ạiWhen the intake of these tablets
all sensations . . . has astounded
tabled 98 per cent of those of our
medieal researchers. "Pollen saved my
employees infering from Influenza to
lifeiạirald Mis. Eligaard. And a good
continue working on heavy Industrial
number of responsible Scandinavian
production, relieving them of the
doctors agree with her.
necessity of taking time off because of
# Now
scientists are Investigating
sickness, the result appears to be quile
pollen as a meant of Improving
remarkalde." Do Klapsch repotted
memory. and with its RNA and DNA
There is contiderable support for
factors, perhaps as a means of tuming
such clains
For example, Medical
back the human clock itself.
Neus. commenting on recent die-
It's not surprising that in a recent
chures loflawing extensive lests, noted
report In Dritain onạiThe Search for
that the pollen extract is being used in
Youth", the News of the World sug-
Japan as a treatment for chronic
prostatilis
"the simplest, most natural youth
elisir of all".
Reprinted from
'REVENTION,, July 1969
© THE NODALE PRESS
BERKHAHSTED, HERTS.
U.K. Sole Distributers of Crinelle
preparations.
CLINELLE UK 1LTO..
SCANDIA HOUSL.
WHITFMORE RO
GIRL DI ORD, SURRI Y
Beauty
and the
Bees
HON KENNER
THE STORY of leauty and the
Bees la no fairy tale
Pollen, the mysterious plant sub.
stance credited with making the Orcen
Bee grow twice as large and live ten
times as long at oiler bees, is now
being used as a nutrient and beauty
aid in cosmetica
The discovery in recent years of
DNA and RNA is revoltionising
modern science. DNA determines the
shape and development of all living
creatures, and these same RNA and
DNA molecules determine the function
of all living cells

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 991, "chars": 6340, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For years
researchers In many
countles had been trying to obtain
significant amounts of pollen, but its
collection had been a tedious process
left mainly to the bees. Then, after
leaming that 200 penple In the 11.55.R.
-all more than 100 years old-
and stimufates
supply to
skin cells. Applied un the skin in a
good cream.
explained. Ilie
pollen extract
penaltie
•geing of the cells
res the
growth of new skin tissue
In Sweden
the amazing recuperation of 1l Hall
of honey, Gosta Carlson, a Swedish
was widely reported Madh, who was
Inventor whn had spent ycars studying
not expected to live but who has since
the bees, began his own pollen
flown again. v
ras treated by Dr. Per
collection.
Sjosirom at the Engelhol Hospital.
it was an enormous fob, baly b
using an ointment with pollen extract
whole summer to store up only
after cleaning the wounts with sulla
grams, but I felt that It was importantạ
In Turkey,
Makki
wald Carsion, now owner of AB
Salman. M.D
I the Hospital for
Cemelle.
Children, Istan!
described
the
Carlsson began seeking a way to
piniment asẠỊa
dy for atonic
ulcerative won
mechanise pollen collection, and, after
years of effort, finally succeeded In
of 12 atonic ul
ve leg wounds. in
developing a method of collecting great
ID the wounds have become smaller
quantitles that amared the sclentific
more quickly and the constitution of
world and brought him the title of
normal akin tissue was seen in a degree
Sweden's pollen
Eventually
which couldn't be seen in any ather
Carlson developed a method not only
forin of therapy up to that date".
1le
of collecting greai quantitles but aho
noted that there were mo side effects
of removing the pollen's husk, leaving
The use of pollen extract in nint
a pure, non allergie pollen extract.
ments and coselica in renew damaged •
Now Carlton's
golden
hoard,
or ageing skin cells and in bring a
collected from specially selected plants
heahly, youthful appeasance, is only
In Sweden.
welphs an eulmated 40
one of many benefits scientists and
others have attributed in this unique
tons and is belng sent in the form of
pills, fonker, ointments and lotions to
product.
chemists shops and hosplials around
Evelyn Forbes, travelling In Sweden
the world.
for LondonạẠs Sunday Timer, noted that
pollen extracts are being prescribed in
Skin Protector and Rejuvenator
Sweden by many doctors.
Confirming reports that the pure
"There are published reaults In auch
pollen extract.
while rich In body
discases as bronchits cheumation
nutrients is both non-allergle and with-
prostathis and senility. A natural
out side effects, have come from such
remedy with no side effects, It provides
varied
spokesmen
Dr.
concentrated nourishment for cell. und
Palmstlerna, lecturer of the Depart-
improves the body's resistance
ment of Bacteriology at the Karolinka
diseaseại she winie in The Sunder
Institute, Sweden, and Dr. Allerto
Chattas, Chair of Pediutry, Universidad
Times.
"The story sounds like a folk tale.
Naclanal de Cordaba, Argentina.
but it Is actually backed by docters and
Now Cernelle chemists assert that
scientist, and rescarch conducted by
crepins
offers protection against
ment of Sucial Hygiene In Osle feas
found sientifie
evidence of pollen's
creative and rejuvenating effectsiẠạthe
mailed
Active Against Malnubillion
Prof
Challas.
pediatrist at the
Universidad
Naclinal de Crudoba,
reports, for cample, that use of the
pure pollen eattact made a significant
improvement in children suffering from
the
Testing
Institute
(Arneimittelwessen) of Fast Heilin.
showed that after treulment a tomber
of men developed a preater sex drive
and no longer infered intpilency and
other sexual distmlaaces They were
relieved of difficult and persistent
prostatitle that did not respond to
caulier forms of treatmentạthe medical
publication reported.
Perhaps
the
sensational
In tests with
It chillen ander twa
example of the curative and energiting
years of oge.
over a perind of 20 days,
effects of the Swedish pollen extract is
appetites Improved in 25 cases, color
the case of Mas, Jyle Elinguard, care-
of skin in
ved in 5 cases. urine
fully checked by dictars and reported
cases, and there was an
In such diverte publications at Goat
ase in fotal proteins in 19 cases.
Health, the Taronto Telegraph, Orri
Prof. Chattas also referred to "the
Mitrate In Italy, Muttravana PolitiCa
favourable
of the use of lower
In Voposlavis, the Sunday Independen
pollen in
freatment of ehildren
In freland and other publications from
with
with past-infection
Turkcy to Californla.
lack of
Commenting on the
Doctors had given Mrs. Elmgaard,
chemical
rosition of the pollen
• 14 year-old housewife only about
extract, he noted that ame
ng the basic
four months to live. Suffe
amino acids it contains as
ach.
known
relieving action
of epilepsy, she slowly lost her sense of
In Ge
any It. Klapich.
MD.
feeling. She became deaf, dumb, lind,
director in the department of Industrial
a human skeleton for whion doctors
medicine of a heavy Industrial concern,
had lost all hope.
states that tablets containing pollen
Then All Cerelle offered to give
extract from AB Cerelle served
her experimental Injectiong containing
effectively
an
anti-Influenza
pure
pollen extract.
Today her
medicine.
recovery... a near complete setum of
ạWhen the Intake of tlicie tablets
all sentations ..: has astounded
enabled 98 per cent of those of our
medical researchers. ẠPollen saved my
emplayces suffering from Influenza to
lifeirald Mrs. Elugaard. And a good
continue working on heavy Industrial
number of responsible Scandinavian
production,
relieving them of the
doctors agree with her.
necessity of taking time oil because of
* Now scientists are
Investigating
sickness, the result appears to be quite
pollen as a means
of Improving
remarkabde." Dr Klapsch repated.
memory, and with is R.NA and DNA
There is contiderable umpport for
factors, perhaps as a means of tuming
such claims
For example, Afedirel
back the human clock itself
Nears, canenting on
recent dis
It's not surprising that in a recent
chaures following extensive tests, noted
report in Dritain on "The Search Int
that the pollen extract is being used in
Youthại, the News of the Would sup
Fat Germany, Sweden, Belgium and
gested that Pollen King Carson found
Japan at a treatment for chronic
Ạhe simplest, mont nataral youth
prostatitis
elisie of all*.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1706, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
POLLITABS SPORT SPURS U.S.
GYMNASTS TO OLYMPIC VICTORY
ollitabs Sport has created a sensation among athletes
everywhere who watched Olympic stars capture
those medals!
More than 2 billion people worldwide tuned into the
L.A. XXIII Olympics to watch the U.S. earn 174 medals, 83
of them gold. And several of those medal winners' perfor-
mances were strengthened by Poll/tabs Sport.
Mary Lold framn, the 16-
year-old from west Vir
ginia who vaulted her way
to win the all-around gold
medal in women's gymnastics,
is now considered by many
as the most powerful woman
in world gymnastics, She
trained on Pollitabs Sport.
vilenne McNamara, the 18.
vear-old wno brough
home the gold medal on the
uneven parallel bars and the
silver for floor exercise, trained
With Karolyi in Houston
"Her strength improved
quickly when she started
training on Politabs Sport:"
Karolyı sald.
Bad Karayl, the Romaniar
detector who molder
Nadia Comaneci and now
coacnes both Mary Lou Ret-
ton and Julianne McNamara,
makes Pollitabs Sport an
essential part of both wom-
en's training
ạẠỊI firmly belleve Pollitabs
Sport is the ultimate food
supplement in sports nutri-
tlon. As a gymnastic coach,
having had the honor to
train Nadia Comaneci, and
other world-class gymnasts.
I'm so Impressed with this
product that I recommend it
for all gymnasts. Once you
have tried Pollitabs Sport
you will be as convinced as
1 am.
-Bela Karolyı
Gymnastics in the United
States nas advanced tremen-
dously in the last few years.
According to Newsweek
much of the improvement in
U.S. women's gymnastic per-
formance can be attributed
to Karolyi. And the future
looks even brighter. Five
hundred girls have enrolled
in karolyi's school in
Houston.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 974, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
129 Dayton Street
Yellow Springs. OH 45387
(513| 767-7281 • Telex: 3775206
March 30, 1984
Bob Bode
24 Village Park Way
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Dear Bob:
BeneFitter".
I am looking for Heidelberg Press article, Also,
the Contract for Cernelle is not for release.
Athletes using Pollitabs Sport in Europe:
FOOTBALL
(Europe Finalist in 1982).
Lasse Viren in Finland.
BOXING -- Muhammed Ali, the Greatest.
JAVELINạo Tiina Lillack, Finland (World-Champion).
BASKETBALL -- Kfum, Uppsala, Sweden.
DISCUS -- Ricky Bruch, Sweden (Ex-European Chaapion)
Finland.
Athletes using Pollitabs Sport in America:
FOOTBALL
MIKE HAYNES, LA Raiders
M.L. HARRIS, Cincinnati Bengals
RAY GRIFFIN, Cincinnati Bengals
ROBERT JACKSON, Cincinnati Bengals
JOHN JEFFERSON, Green Bay Packers
BOB BRUENING, Dallas Cowboys
Seattle Seahawks (several team members)
TRACK & FIELD
JIMMY HOWARD,
nigh jump
BALLY OLSEN, Pole vault
marathoner
EARL BELL, pole vault
STEVE RIDDICK, 100 meter run

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 729, "chars": 4709, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Athletes across the USA are using Policads Sport
to increase their derformance These atriater duc
adrass the foil toestrum of iport-hom track stars
priming for the 1964 Olymo d Games, to saskes
aall playert in Kansas City, Missour Names ike
Bill Waiton. Dave Collins, and Jonn Jefferton
are included among these achieces
In coming issues of Network, well be taking
a croser look at each of these athietes and their
sports Who are they? W/nat nave they accom
plished in chair reids? The stature of these athietes.
wno are now training on Pollitabs Sport, can
help you spread the word spout our wonderful
energy-boasting product.
Calvin Smith. 100 meter and 200 meter runs-
Warld record holder in the 100 meter run 9.94 sec.
ands).. member of the wondrecord 400 meter
relay team...consideredithe fastest human in the
world" ranked el in 200 meter run. considered
the favorite for Gold Medais in the 100 and 200
mecer runs and 400 mecer relay evenc
Bert Cameron, 400 meter run-World record
nolder in his event (44.6 seconds)... four-time
NOAA champion...lost only one race in last four
years. bom in Jamaica in 1957, he starred for
the perennal NCAA champions at the University
of Texas-El Paso... a 1984 Olympic favorce.
Blily Oisen, pole vault-Former world record
hoider... hoics ane USA pole vault record, an awe-
some 19 feet, ¼ inch.. ranked at in the world
for three (3) years before this season.. considered
a good bet for Gold, sure bet for a Medal,
Nu-saiance Track Club, Oakland, Callfornia-
A newly formed cuo, lour members starred on
World Cup team...several Olympic hopefuls,
inducing Dennis Lewis, run for the cub,
Gayie Oilnekova, maratnon-ihis female super-
star is a former winner of the Boston Marathon
and a good bet to win a Gold for her native
country of Canada... featured in a 10-page layout
in Sports Illustrated magazine
FOOTBALL
MIKE HAYNES, LA Raiders
M.L. HARRIS, Cincinnati Bengals
RAY GRIFFIN. Cincinnat Bengals
ROBERT JACKSON, Cincinnati Bengais
JOHN JEFFERSON, Green Bay Packers
BOB BRUENING, Dallas Cowoeys
Seattle Seahawks /several team members
BASKETBALL
JOHNNY DAVIS, Adarta Hawks
BILL WALTON, San Diego Clippers
Kansas City Kings (Several seam Mempert)
BASEBALL
DAVE COLLINS, Toronto Blue Jays
FOWERLIFTING
LARRY PACIFICO, 9-cme world chame
TIM MARTIN
in the issue. we re going to take a brief look
at the many crock stars training or Politabs Sport
Some of the names wide famier to you some
won't, out all are among the elice in their refped
tive events
And -just for the record-chese athletes are
not deing paid to use the produc, They were to
impressed by past performers, they thed the produc
-and so excted ay the results cney experlented
Iney continue to use it Remember it works the
sarne for the average consumer as it does for the
world class achieces: the key, of course, is getting
them to first try the praduct. The product will
do the resc
Treg Scact, 1000 yard run-Another champion
in his event at the prestigious Ameraan Indoor
Championships,
Ploneer Track Club, Philadeiphia, Pennsylvania
-Perhaps the best known and most established
tract club in the USA...many Olympic medaliso
have run for the Ploneer Club over the years.
current stars include Herman Frazier (Gold medal-
ist in 1600 meter relay and aronze medalist in
400 meter run in 1976 Clympics), Ron Livers
American triple jump record holder and chree-
time national and NCAA champ), Charles Foster
(record holder in 110 hurcles and a 1976 Olympian)
prespgious club and coach, Alex woodley.
Dennis Lewis, high jump-deat leng-time USA
favorte Dwigne Stones to win the Amencan In-
door Championships at Madison Scuare Garden,
neld February 24 this year.
Ton Brown, 100 meter run-Cained nationa
attention wren he curned down a million-dollar
offer from pro football's Cleveland Browns to
chase a Gold Medal in Los Angeles. Gefeated
renowned runner and long Jumper Car Lewis in
the 100 meter run earlier this year this Argon
State University runner is considered a good
det to score a medal (maybe a Goldi) at the
34 Olympics
Steve Riddick, 100 meter run-Former Olympic
Goid Medal winner. considered the word's fasten
human a few years back. setting sights on a
second Gold in Las Angels. an outspoken pro-
ponent of Flower Pollen. an Loser victory in 84
would pring nim woricwide attention.
TRACK & FIELD
JIMMY HOWARD, high, ume
GAYLE QUNEKOVA, marathoner
BILLY OLSEN, pale vault
BARL BELL, pole vauit
STEVE RIDDICK, 100 meter run
BRADY CRAIN, 200 meter run
ESTHER MA-R, 400 meter nurdies
RON BROWN, 100 meter run
CALVIN SMITH, 100 meter and 250 meter runs
TREG SCOTT, 1000 yard rur
BERT CAMERON, 400 meter run
DENNIS LEWIS, nIGhUmO
LEFTY" DENISE, woman': Bacus
Nu-Balance Track Clud
Ponser Track CiLe

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 905, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AB Cerelle
Ạozcholm. Engelhoin
Surden
Tel. 012/692 30
TRANSLATION OF STATEMENT
Fran
THE LIGHT ANTLETIC FEDERATION OF THE USSR
Moscow 69
Skaternujy Perculock 4
Telegran: Moscow Sportkommitet USSR
Phone: 290-29-40
To
The Representative of Oy Cernelle
Mr Göran Wegelius
Helsinki, Finland
Cear Mr Wegelius,
The preparation which we received from you have been used in the
training of Soviet light athlets for very demanding competitions.
We must state that the products Stark Protein, Pollitabs Sport
also later. In addition, Pollitabs and Cernitol are very good adapto-
genes and they increase sportmens recistence to unfavourable factors.
In case you have some additionally information concerning these
matters, we ask you to kindly inform us.
Yours very truly
Physician of the Light Athletic Federation of the USSR
Dr. A. Vorobjev
Chief Trainer of the Light Athletic Sports Theme in the USSR
N.E. Politiko

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2956, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nutritionist,
Dr.
David
Allen, Founder of Cer-
nitin America, will be
speaking at the Whole
Life Expo on "Sports
Nutrition and
High-
Level Wellness"*
as
well as participating in
a panel discussion on
sports, health and fit-
ness.
Dr. Alen is the nutri-
tional adviser for many
top Olympic contenders
and
professional ath-
letes.
Gregory, the featured speaker,
praised Cernitin America's commit-
ment to nutritional excellence and
lauded Allen's humanitarian
approach to Hich-Level Wellness.
And Dr. Allen is a man you can feel
good about as the head of your com-
pany. He has all the credentials
needed to make this company a suc-
cess. And, believe me, he is the most
ethical person I've met in my life."
Gregory said.
Previousty unknown Finish runner Lasse Viren
astounded the world with a feat unparalleled in
Clymaic nistory - four gold medals. Soon stones of a
Supernatural Supplement from Sweden spread
Cernitin America
Presents
A New and Exclusive
Swedish Health Discovery
Designed to Deliver
HIGH-LEVEL
WELLNESS
Cernitin
represents the discovery and
release of AMBROSIA - legendary food of
the gods! This heretofore inaccessible
discover food of
natural nutrient source, whose powertul,
life-giving forces have been unlocked in
Sweden, are now available to us here in
America...
This natural and organic cellular concen-
trate can catapult your body up to HIGH-
LEVEL WELLNESS!!! More than 30 years
research throughout Europe has yielded
"Nature's most perfect food. It is in a form
which can be easily absorbed and used by
every cell in your body; and it contains
everything necessary for lite, in Nature's
own periect balance.
Come discover what Cernitin can mean to
your health and well-being. You really owe it
to yourself.
Health activist, DICK
GREGORY, who
• once
ran across the U.S.,
says "Pollitabs Sport...
can give you lightning-
fast speed! I have en-
ergy to burn - and Pol-
litabs Sport is the
reason why! I rec-
ommend this remark-
able Swedish product
for all folks who want
more energy. I am con-
vinced (it) is the best
natural source of en-
ergy you'll find any-
where in the world!"
"Cernatin Flower Pollen products
are safe, natural, healthful product
- the kund of product all Americans
need to use. This is the typeof product
you can feel good about using and
sharing with your friendsiẠỊi
221
and finaily it has arrived!
THE
ISUPER-NATURALI SUPPLEMENTS
FROM CERNITIN
For Increased
Health And Energy
Use
Cernitin
Products
THE ONES THAT MAKE
THE DIFFERENCE!
Distributors being accepted for ex
citing marketing opportunities. For
further information contact: Robert
Bode or Lynca Ratt, State Training
Directors (213) 450-3993.
24 Village Park Way
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Muhammed Ali got
More Punch Per Pollitab
throughout his prime
with Cernitin!!
All displaying a burst of
"CERNITIN ENERGY"* with founder.
Dr, David Alien, and president
Larry Sparks. Ali and Dick Gregory
were featured speakers at the
recent Cernitin Kickolt.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 649, "chars": 3924, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
not 23 no 78150
Prevention
AME?
FADING HATE VAG-IN
THE U.S. MALE
NER ANINTES FOR
HASON PREsENS
THE HEALTH
SC0OP ON
ICE CREAM
FOODS TO
HELP LOWER
YOUR BLOOD
PRESSURE
New Frontiers
In Preventive Medicine
I se
wo the most important elements in prev
a P. Carter of Talane, they weald be diet, exercise and failk.
PREVENTION: You're also interested in
some of the new supplements, aren't
you? Like evening primrose oil and fish
DR CARTER: Yes, and pollen extract.
too. There's a lady who was here this
morning who travels a lot with her hus-
band. She is trying to lose some weight.
She is overweight, has a little high blood
pressure, and she has late onset diabe-
tes. So, we work with her, and one of the
things we do is give her evening prim-
rose oil, because it seems to work best
for weight loss in people who come from
a family with a strong history of obesity.
It will also lower her blood pressure, and
since her hypertension is mild, this, to
gether with exercise, may be all that is
required to control it
PREVENTION: What does it do?
DR. CARTER: It's a precursor of pros-
taglandin Ep And E, helps break down
fat, and it's also a vasodilator, so it helps
your circulation.
Prostaglandins are hormonelike sub-
stances produced in the body. It tums
out that certain dietary constituents, by
influencing the levels of some prosta-
glandins, can have an effect on the lipid
concentrations in your blood, on your
A prominent physician and professor
speaks his mind on American medical education,
supplements and nutrition research.
BY TOM VOSS
ment of Nutrition, Tulane University
Medicine, and clinical professor of pe
dratries, Talaae University School of
Medicine. He earned his M.D. from
Northwestern University in 1967 and his
doctorate in public health from Colum-
bia University in 1966, Dr. Carter has
authored more than 35 professional pa-
pers as well as the popular book Keep-
ing Your Famy Healthy Overseas
PREVENTION: Dr. Carter, you've testi-
fied before senate committees on nutri-
tion, haven't you?
DR. CARTER: Yes. Seaatar Mc-
Govern's committee wanted to know why
we don't teach nutrition in American
medical schools. But what they were
really asking was why there isn't any
emphasis on prevention in medical
schools
PREVENTION: Why isn't there?
DR. CARTER: Largely for historical
reasons. In an earlier part of this cen-
tury, because of a document known as
the Flexner Report, there was a re-
vamping of the curriculum of medical
schools. Basically what happened was
that emphasis came to be placed on
medicine as pure science, not as art.
Of course, you must always think about
the acute, critical-care needs of peo-
ple-curative medicine as opposed to
preventive medicine. It's when people
are hurting that they're actually moti-
vated to seek help. But with the empha-
sis on pure science, and with the major
source of income to physicians coming
from providing curative medicine, it was
only natural that emphasis on preven-
tive médicine be given short shrift.
PREVENTION: What exactly is preven-
tive medicine?
DE. CARTER: If someone asked me to
pin down the most important elements
in prevention, they would be diet, ex-
immune system, and on the peripheral
resistance in the blood vessels. And aiso
on whether or not you break down fat
into energy. That's what evening prim-
rose oil seems to do in some people.
Fish oils, like EPA, in some way lower
your blood lipids. And the extract of
Hower pollen, ceritin, seems to boost
your immune system and increase your
energy level and/or sense of well-being
You see, until now we haven't had the
opportunity of maaipulating the im-
mune system or your lipids just by pre-
scribing supplements, and it's very
exciting
PREVENTION: Just how far along is the
science of nutrition today?
DR. CARTER: It's really in its infancy.
The so-called hard scientists the phys
leists and some of the medical special-
ists-think that nutrition is a soft science

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 1258, "chars": 8106, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Opportunity21
'Clean' pollen marketed by Cernitin
Not many network marketias com-
promises to attract thousands of die
Cornitin Ameries will kick off
panies can promise all of the follow-
weeks.
Dea 24 with a "Fouoder's Conven
* A pollosophy that puts people be-
What would you call a setwork don" and folice with a nanosal tour
fore profite.
marketing compasy that can make by the corporate team beginning in
+ A product, backed by over 20 years these claimaf
mid-January
of research, that's new to Asserics bot
a proven success weridide.
A compensation plan that is th
lost generous one offered la the it
lavid Allen, founder and chief exace over staged is te lad aes
Live of Cornita Alasciss Ine
ạiAn exciting kiekaff is important t
Cersitin Ameries la the exclusive cal Allen said We vant our distrib
United States Importer of Cornitin
ators to koom - right from the start -
Flower Pollan products; a revolution-
• thac we're committed to excellence
ary pollen product from Sweden that
And, most importanty, we want them
countries
• A cash commitment that makes it
perhaps the beat-financed compauy
ever to enter the batwork marketing
naustry.
try and Sandy Sparke
• A kick-off campaign so exciting it
En йонс an fa
Cernitin America launched ...
contam insted products that can cause
ee pollen products, be said, are And i couldnt apres mare.
merica wee the perfect combinatio
Many new and exciting producu-
including a complete skin care line
allergie resetiona. Most importantly.
Allen discovered Cernitin Flower
will be introduced in the bear future
Allen has founded his company on a
unique philosophy that stressesipee-
Allen said
and her effectively. At Ceritin Au
папа
ạiOur pallosophy is people first, then
and paycholony, explains why
product. with pront following as a
"Pirat, bee pollen la collected from
natural result. Our entire operation ia
beehives, where pollutants such au
based on this principleẠạihe said.
fund, bacteria, rodent dang and in-
Larry O. Sparka, president of Ceral-
seet eggr collect. This makes bee pol-
tin America, echoes Allen. "The only
len a contaminated product
usels of a networt marketing com
Second, bea pollas is consumed in
pany are its people. And, sa any good
a row state with its outer buak still
businessman knows, ifyou don't hand-
intact. This husk cannot be dipested
la your saves properly, you're goingto
by the human body. As a result, bee
be in resi trouble. Thace why our dia-
poilen greins will pass through the
ributors are the most important peo
body with the potent, pure pollen still
pie in the world to usiẠạ
ancased in the grain.
Cernitin (pronounced Sur-na-teen)
"Why should cassumers pay for a
Flover Pollen is a unique prodaci -
product that ean harm them at worst
one that could revolutionise the pol-
and is never fully utilized at best?
len industry in this country.
Especially when there is a better
" For the feat time. consumers are
alternative.*
going to have to seriously question the
Alien cites over 30 years of uss and
quality and purity of the pollen pro
research throughoul Europe and Asia
ducts theyare taking." Allenseid "We
to back his elaims for Cernitin Flower
believe Cernitin Flower Pollen pro-
Pollen
ducts will set the indastray standard
"Our Nutrition and Medical Ad-
reden, where be met the confoun
One reason Allen feels Cernitis ica, we're committed to providins
marketing opportuaily is the com-
marketing operate a the com diaributon grow. Spartana
discributons grew
pany's generous compensation plan.
Cernitin America expecia ra
"No otber networa markeung com
growth - and is prepared for it So
pany has combined to many attain
financial backing enables the c
able goals inte one plan. Our consul pany to develop leng-range goalsw
the bollatie, all-naturel approach
sed in produeing product
be Cemitin America product lin
Includes:
tants and staff have thoroughly ro
our fear of overextending itself.
searched the industry to create a pian
ạOur growth is carefully plann
that is innovative and profitable for
Allen said, ạẠ¿e've made a pois
our distributors."
learn from the mistakes of other c
"Distributors will se especially in
DADiCa."
terested in our special achievemens
Allen would not reveal the de
Ta very pable that were the best f
nanded company ever to enter the nervork
bonuses. This is a spectal fund of 2
avestment behind the Company,
percent of the company BV that la se
cept to suy, "It's very possible w
alide for special achievers. Distrib
the best-financed company ever t
otors can share in this fund as soon as
ter the network marketing indust
they reach the level of two-star mana-
Cernitin America's kick-off e
+ Pollitabs Sport - energy for
ger. By the time they reach five-star
paign will include a whirlwind tou
athletes and accive people. Pollitabs
manager, the bonus becomes very.
the Leited States, lenturing rallic
is a unique pollen formula used by
very excitine."
key citles hosted by merabers of
sading Olympic athletes around th
Allen continuedẠiOur plan encour
corporate saff. The route will incl
vorld. Lasse Viran, the heraided Pin
sees downline growth.
buc alto re-
stops in 15 cities between a
nish long distance runner who won
wards retail sales And. bostor all. dia-
January and the first of Moren
Cold Medals in the 5,000 and 10,000
tributors can begin earning bonuses
A lifetime Ohioan, Dr. Allen ch
meter runs in both 1972 and 1578 clym
an soon as they begin working the pro
the village of Yellow Springs, Ohio
the standard for pollen products in
frem the United States and Europe
other countries for over 30 yearsẠạỊ
who will verify the potency and purity
What makes Cernitin Flower Pollen
of Carnitio product. I am writine a
ditTerent from other pollen producti?
definitive work on Cernitin Flower
First is the way Cernitin pollen is col
Pollen that will be distributed in ma
ected. Alles said. "Our pollen is col-
jor bookstores nationwide next year
acted directly from flowers grown in
Allen emphasited that Ceraitin
pollution-free Southern Sweden. This
America producta which are manu.
guarantees pure, satural pollen, Cer-
factured by the AB Cernelle Company
milin is the world's only pure flower
in Engelholm. Sweden, will beạiexciu.
pollen productiẠỊ
sively distributed in the United
A secend major difference is the
States by Cernitin America.
let scientife standards set for all
ẠỊThe company founders have been
mitin Flower Pollen products.
waiting for the right person. the right
*Our pollen la scientifieally proven
company and the righi marketing plan
to be safe and eifective for every mem-
before introdueing their products to
ber of the family,i Allen said. He America. They knew that Cernitin
paused, then added, ạẠAnd that's a
statement no bee pollen producer can
cake."
pics, trained on Pollitabs Sport Sedid gram, Is a compensation plan that
the site for Cernith America's ser
Beavyweight champion Muhammad
will'appeal to the part-time distric
rateheadquarters. Yellow Springs
AIL
utors as well as the beavy hitters."
village of a few thousand residants
• Cernitin (pronousced Sur-na-
Sparks, a veteran of network
cated betwees Dayton and Columb
tonel - energ for dieters and people marketing and an authority on haw in
Why Yellow Springs
over 40. Thiaestra-strength formula la build a doweline organization, will
iBecause Yellow Springa i
the perfect subsutute for eaffeine or oresee training for Cerritin America
unique village where people sh
*A company has the resporaibility
common coneeras for health. au
• Ventria-Acido - vital farthe good 19 make sure their distributars knos
lion and nature. It alse borders en
what to do ta promote cheir busiseas
health oftbe intestinal tract Ventrus* We're responsible for training him
be green space sema of thi
Acide supplies the beneficial, live
"Besidesibe added with a chu
bacteria needed fer good digestion
"not many people knew of Ada. N
Ventrux-Acido works three times fast-
before Amway, did theyt
er than Lactobacillur acidophilus
• Cernitin Skin Ointment - relieffor
minor skin irritationa and disorder
Juch as rashes, minor scrapes, etc.
POLLEN POWER
frothe FLOWER
CERNITIN AMERICA INC

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3878, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
All, Gregory headline Cernitin America kickoff
Both the nutrition feld and network
needed to make this company a suc
this summer. The onetime Boston
including much of Europe, Scandina-
marketing received a big boost recent-
cess. And, believe me, he is the most
Marathon champion praised Cernitin
via, the USSR and the Far East, Allen
ly when Cernitin America held its
ethical person Ive met in my lifeạẠạ
Flower Pollen products for being
said.
natioaal "Kick-Off Convention" In Los
Gregory said.
"natural and healthful." She add, "Na-
In anticipation of high volume sales
Angeles.
Also speaking at the opening-night
ture's way is always the besti
and to ensure rapid delivery, Cernitin
Over 300 industry leaders attended
ceremonies were three world-class
Mahr is also training on Pollitabs
America has distribution centers in
the grand opening ceremonies at the
athletes: Olympic champion Steve
Sport for the upcoming Olympic
Ohio, Illinois and California, with
LA. Airport Marriott Hotel. Featured
Riddick, Canadian marathoner Gayle
Games. She is a recent American re-
more centers to be established soon
speakers were Muhammad Ali and
Olinekova and track star Esther Mahr.
cord holder in the 400 hurdles and is
Cernitin America will have training
- Dick Gregory.
Riddick, known as the 'ạworld's fas
following a nutritional program cre-
teams in each of the country's major
Dr. David Allen, founder and chief
test humaniẠạa few years ago, is train-
ated by Allen, an accomplished sports
metropolitan areas, teaching the com-
executive of Cernitin America, called
Ing on Pollitabs Sport in his quest for
nutritionist.
pany's marketing plan, ordering proc-
Cernitin America the "beginning of a
another Gold Medal at the 1984 Olym-
Cernitin (SUR-na-teen) is the Swed
edures, product background and basic
new era in nelwork marketing."
pics. Riddick called Cernitin Flower
ish brand name for a pure and natural
product presentation. Each training
We're committed to setting new
Pollen "better than bee pollen. The
active substance derived from nower
team will be supported by a regional
standards for integrity, service end
speedster added, "I've seen the light
pollen. Cernitin produels are back-
training director and the corporate
product quality," Allen said. "Net-
- flower pollen is the bestiại
ed by more than 30 years ofresearch
training team, which will travel and
work marketing remains the last
Olinekova is one of Canada's bright-
including 50 double-blind tests - and
meet with Cernitin representalives
and most important - frontier for the
est hopes for in Olympic Gold Medal
are distributed in over 50 countries,
throughout the country.
independent businessman and
businesswoman in this country."
Cernitin America - the exclusive
North American importers of the
world famous Cernitin Flower Pollen
products - opened the three-day con-
vention with a gala banquet.
Ali, who trained on Cernitin pro-
duets in his prime, and Gregory
headed an all-star cast of speakers.
Ali signed autographs and chatted
with his admirers for more than a half
hour before giving a short talk. He
wished Cernitin America the best of
Juek in coming years.
Gregory, the featured speaker,
praised Cernitin America's commit-
ment to nutritional excellence aad
lauded Allen's humanitarian
approach to High Level Wellness.
"Cernitin Flower Pollen products
are safe, natural, healthful products
- the kind of product all Americans
need to use. This is the type of product
you can feel good about using and
sharing with your friends.
*And Dr. Allen is a man you can feel
good about as the head of your com
Dr. David Alle, left, founder of Cernitin America, and Larry Sparks, presi
deni, clown with Muhammad All at the company's national "Kick-Off Conven-
tion" I Los Angeles. All and Dick Gregory were featured apeakers. See story
on papa 21.
Photo by Rick Marrog
pany.
has all the credentials

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3510, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Celebrities attending the reception includea, from left, Cernitin head Dr. David Allen
. starstruck
tin America pollen wagon
distributors.
Lionel Hollins, with the Detroit Pistons, has also become a new Cernitin
distributor.
• Tve been taking the Pollitab Sport for about one monthi he said re-
cently:. He added that he "never begins the day without it."
about recruiting professional athletes and public figures to promote and
tract with comedian and political activist Dick Gregory to market his
-Bahamian Diet reducing powder.
Gregory, who has practically fasted himselfto death in the past to draw
attention to the world's hungry, developed the diet over a period of years
lo keep hir
going during his fasts. The diet powder is made from
vegetable sources, and will sell for $19.95.
contract will go to 12 organizations for
the study of fasting, hunger, starvation
and nutrition.
Gregory also has plans for a televi-
sion network dedicated to educating
youth about nutrition, caffeine, drugs,
nicotine aad alcohol. Ten percent of
his contract is earmarked to educate
the elderly about good health and
nutrition.
But although Cernitin has some big
names backing up its products, it
hasn't forgotten to build a strong dis-
tributor recruitment and training
base.
Bob Bode and Lynda Raff of Santa
Monica are training directors for the
state of California, and recently
helped 170 new distributors become
managers in one month.
"Beyond having the right company
and products, the most important
thing one should instill in their new
distributo is the vital importance of
training." Raff d. "A sponsor should
help new distributors make a commit-
ment to succeed. This commitment
must be in alignment with their goals.
"Map out the plan in detail. Once the
basic components of success are in
place, it's time to roll up your sleeves
and get to work - learning, develop-
ing and practicing the provem skills
and techniques that form the basisofa
"training and support system.*
Raff and Bode said they've de
veloped a sound support system for
Cernitin distributors.
others to become successful, which i:
done by helping still others to become
successful, which is done by helping
still others help others, etc.," Bod
saidạẠDuplication is the key. First you
learn how, then you teach others how
and teach them how to teach other!
how. The goal, the dream, is para
mount. Belief, commitment and per
sistence can make it happen.
"Training should be designed so
they can provide and generate enthu
siasm for your company and its pro
ducts, Bode said, as well as for net
work marketing as a free enterprise
vehicle to bring them and theis
friends financial security or ever
great wealth. All of these aspects of
network marketing should be pre
sented in the context of putting in lots
of time and effort up front for finan
cial security and freedom within a few
years.
"The get-rich quick altitude that
many people have should be tem-
pered by the fact that for most new
distributors, a good, strong organiza-
tion takes a year or two to build."
"New distributors should make a
commitment to themselves and their
sponsor that they will do what it takes
to build themselves such an organiza
tion." Raff added. "They should really
know that it definitely will happen for
them, if they just persist. The sponsor
and distributor should form a plan
that they will follow. Consistency of
action toward a goal is more produc-
tive than a furry of activity followed
by inactionạ
POLLEN POWER
frothe FLOWER
CERNITIN AMERICA INC

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1202, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DICK GREGORY REVEALS DETAILS
OF LANDMARK S100 MILLION CONTRACT
WITH CERNITIN AMERICA, INC.
Dick Gregory, whose reputation as a brilliant comedian is
paralleled only by his dedication to health and nutrition,
outlined the details of the history-making $100 million
contract he signed with the Ohio-based Cernitin America,
product, Dick Gregory's Slim-Safe Bahamian Diet. The
Hyatt Regency in Chicago.
Gregory was joined at the press conference by
Dr. David Allen, chief executive officer of
Cernitin America, Inc., and Chuck Thomas, who represents
Skane-Gripen, a multi-million dollar holding company in
Sweden. Dr. Allen revealed that the contract, which was
the culmination of years of research.
To augment the agreement, 12 organizations will be granted
Tulane University, Dr. Joseph Allain and Dr. Jonathan Lief
of Boston, a graduate of Harvard Medical School, are among
the first recipients of the grants. Through the stipends,
researchers will study fasting, hunger, starvation,
malnutrition and good nutrition. Subsequent $l million
grants will be awarded annually by Mr. Gregory.
Mr. Gregory, whose interest and advocacy efforts on behalf
into an offensive designed to education young people in

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1371, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
America to the horrors of drug addiction, alcoholism and
alcoholism addiction, and nicotine and caffeine addiction.
In addition to a multi-media blitz, Mr. Gregory will
crisscross the country lecturing to youth. He will be
joined on the circuit by an array of celebrities equally
committed to young people.
limousine that was shaped like a 747 airplane, the official
"mascot" of the campaign. Inscribed on the vehicle are the
words "I used to be a 747 until I got on Dick Gregory's
Weight Loss Program."
Dick Gregory's Slim-Safe Bahamian Diet is a natural,
concentrated powder that is free from drugs and chemicals.
It is billed as the "first safe, natural and nutritional way
to lose weight."
This is the first product ever to carry Mr. Gregory's nane.
of Cernitin America, Inc., as well as through mail order.
The diet features his 4X Formula, which has never before been
available to the general public.
Among those health devotees who have been on this, and other
Chicago, actress Susan Blakely, Bill Walton, Mayor
Andy Young of Atlanta, Muhammad Ali, Michael Jackson,
marathon runner Alberto Salazar, Willie Stargell and Olympic
gold medal winner and 400 meter world record holder,
Lee Evans.
Mr. Gregory announced that he has been beseiged with
market his formula but refused. He agreed to this
precedent-setting contract because of the "integrity of the
company."

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 487, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Dick Gregory gained fame in Che early 1950s as a comedian on
the night club circuit. In those days he weighed over 300
pounds, As Mr, Gregory was introduced to the value of
mutrition, he rejected the night club scene because of his
aversion to alcoholic beverages, Since his health
awakening, Mr. Gregory has gained worldwide fame for
championing health, physical fitness and weight loss and for
his fasts and cross country runs.

Cernitin America, Inc. ie 4 subsidiary of Skane-Gripen.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 669, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAHAMIAN
DIET
STUDY
SHEET
Dick Gregory's 4X Formula
Ingredients.
1. Seeds:
a. Sesame
b. Pumpkin
c. Chia
d. Sunflower
2. Herbal powders:
a. Wheat grass
b. Alfalfa
c. Comfrey
d. Acerola
e. Date
f. Carob
3. Sea Vegetation:
ar Kelp
b. Dulse
c. Chlorophyll
- -
4. Grasswheat bran extract
b. Rice bran extract
Sesamum indicum
Cucurbita peop
Salvia columbariae
Helianthus annus
Agropyron triticeum
Medicago
Symphytum officinale
Malpighia glabra
Phoenix dactylifera
Ceratonia siliqua
Fucus vesiculosus
-nodymenia palmata
chlorophyll
Triticum aestioum
Oryza sativa
- Benefits.
1. Energy
2. Balanced nutrition
3. Trace elements
- Condensed explanation.
herbs and sea vegetation.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 599, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sesame seeds, pumpkin seeds, chia seeds and sunflower seeds
are excellent sources of protein, roughage, vitamins B, E, F
pumpkin seeds are noted for their rich supply of zinc --
excellent for the prostate, as an antioxidant, and to
• been used for building the adrenal/kidney system and
wheatgrass (7-10 inch tall) is taken from a report
Nutrient
1lligrams Per Poun
Chlorophyll
Choline
Vitamin C
(Ascorbic Acid)
Vitamin A
(Carotene)
Vitamin E
Vitamin F
Vitamin K
Niacin
Vitamin B-2
(Riboflavin)
Vitamin B-1
(Thiamine)
Pantothenic Acid
Vitamin B-6
5,000 mg.
4,000
2,000
360
120
120
120
120
24
12
8
4

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1094, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Wheatgrass chlorophyll helps to cleanse the blood, organs
and gastrointestinal tract of debris. It stimulates
protective alkalization of the blood.
and minerals, including B-12, than any other plant substance
except some sea vegetables.
Comfrey generally contains 22 percent protein, 18 percent
calcium (both more than most other substances, including
animal products), B-12 and Allantoin, an agent which
promotes cell proliferation.
Acerola is a rich natural source of vitamin C.
Date powder contains valuable mineral salts and a
considerable amount of vitamins A, B and C. It is a
concentrate of nutritious natural sugar.
Carob powder is nutritious, very tasty and helps regulate
some endorphins, thus producing an emotional state of
well-being. Carob is sometimes called "St. John's Bread" as
the desert.
inch every hour, this brown algae snakes up from the ocean
bottom, often growing up to 200 feet or more. To support
this growth, the plant draws in an abundance of nutrients
from the mineral-rich ocean. One of those nutrients is
iodine, a trace mineral ('trace" because only very small

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 687, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
amounts are required for health) necessary for the
prevention of goiter, a disease of the thyroid gland.
It supplies some calcium, iron, zinc and magnesium, The
content. It provides small amounts of thiamine, niacin,
riboflavin and vitamins A and C.
and extremely nutritious, containing an abundance of
vitamins, minerals (especially iodine) and other nutrients.
any known food source, dulse is very rich in potassium for
Chlorophyll is the "blood" of the plant. It is the protein
color. When compared to a molecule of hemoglobin, the
oxygen carrier in human blood, chlorophyll is almost
identical. The major difference, as you can see in Table i,
whereas hemoglobin contains iron (Fe).

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 160, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Hemopgiohern

(Chlerach yll

Wheat bran extract and rice bran extract is a unique grain
oil concentrate containing prote

in, vitamins, lipids and
fatcy acids.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 476, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAHAMIAN DIET
STUDY SHEET
Helpful Hints
- Drink a lot of water.
- Never skip breakfast.
- Keep "crispy nibblers' in the refrigerator to satisfy "snac attacks'.
- Really loving the taste is more important than a few extra
calories so if necessary, "doctor up" the drink with
fruit or sweeteners.
- For a smoother drink, try mixing the powder with water before
blending with the juice.
- Keep a close watch on salt intake. Diet sodas have considerable salt.
- Your suggestions:

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1969, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The
Situation
HEADACHE
and some suggestions for solution.
Possible Causes
1. Caffein detoxification.
2. Hunger headache.
3. General detoxification.
CONSTIPATION
STOMACH
DISCOMFORT
HUNGER
PANGS
WATER
RETENSION
LOW
ENERGY
PLATEAUING
SLOW
WEIGHT LOSS
DISLIKE
THE TASTE
Suggested Solutions
1. More gradual reduction
of caffein intake.
2. Have 1/2 Cerni-Bar or
raw vegetable snack.
3. Take natural pain
relievers such as white
willow bark.
1. Less food & fiber
1. Take fiber tablets or
intake.
mix bran w/drink, Or
add 2-3 oz prune juice.
2. Not eating a daily salad 2. Eat a salad daily.
for roughage.
3. Not drinking enough
3. Drink at Teast 8 glasses
water.
of water daily.
4. Not enough intestinal
4. Use more Ventrux Acido.
flora.
1. Difficulty in digesting 1. Take protein digestion
tablets (betaine HCl).
2. Using the wrong juice
2. Try different juices
for you.
and add 1/2 banana.
stomach hasn/t shrunk
yet.
2. Digesting your drink
or have 1/2 Cerni-Bar.
2. Add 1 tsp of vegetable
oil to the drink.
1. Salt sneaking into your
2. Your body chemistry.
3. Drinking too many diet
or carbonated sodas.
1. Become more aware of
2. Try natural dieuretics.
9. Sodas contain salt, omit.
.. Detoxification.
• Not metabolizing drin
properly.
1. wait it out.
2. Increase Pollitabs
and/or Ventrux.
1. Normal reaction for
These rafifE weight
2. The body's basal
metabolism slows down
as a result of fewer
than normal calories.
1. Wait it out. If the
plateauing continues
ror a week or more
try getting off the
diet for one day.
2. Excercise is the best
way to increase your
metabolism.
1. Probably not sticking
to the diet.
2. Carbohydrate intake
3. Fat intake too low
1. Not used to protein
powder drinks.
2. Too chaulky or not
sweet enough.
1. Reaffirm weight loss
goal & commitment.
2. Mix drink 1/2 each of
water & juice.
3. Add 1-2 tsp of oil.
1. Start with 1/2 scoop
2. Add Powder and increase.
1/2 banana or add
sweetener or mix powder
in water before blending
with Juice,

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 4063, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. Site's
HANDBOOK OF NATURAL HEALING
How det Wen
by PAAVO AIROLA,
N.D.,Ph.D
Since chronic constipation is considered a major cause of
Coll :- i tablets or 2 tsp. crude pollen
hemorrholds, the anti-constipation diet should be the first consideration
A - o 1 50,000 units
(see section on Courstiparion).
Bone. al - 2 to 3 grams
Venous stasis, liver damage or sluggishness are other common causes.
D - up to 10,000 units (after a few weeks, reduce to 2,000 units)
Pregnancy often aggravates hemorrhoids or causes them. A diet rich in
Garlic capsules - 3 with each meal
fresh, raw fruits and vegetables and raw and sprouted seeds will improve
Alfalfa and comfrey tablets
circulation; an avoidance of animal proteins will help to correct venous
Pantothenic acid - 100 mg.
Bg - 50 mg. (Bg is a natural antihistamine)
Foods rich in vitamin C, bioflavonolds and vitamin Eare estential -
fresh raw fruits and vegetables, especially cabbage, green peppers, citrus
fruits, rose hips and black currants, and whole grains, seeds and nuts are
Plenty of liquids: water, herb teas, Juices. HEMORRHOIDS
Avoid all refined foods and sugars.
BIOLOGICAL TREATMENTS
1. Achieving regular, frequent, soft and easy bowel movements is of
essence. Proper diet (see above) and training can help to accomplish
this.
2. Plenty of regular exercise, particularly walking, is imperative.
Sedentary life, particularly lots of sitting, is one of the contributory
Pollen suppositories, Cernitory, were shown to, be effective in
bringing relief even in advanced cases. Cernitory is ayailable in
Sweden and other European countries, According to a recent report,
* is now imported into the United States.
VITAMINS & SUPPLEMF!ITS (Daily)
Bioflavonoid complex (citrin 100 mg., hesporidin 50 mg., rutin
50 mg.1 12-15 tablets
B-complex, high potency, natural
8g - 25 mg. after each meal
Lecithin - 1 tbsp.
C - 1,000 to 2,000 mg.
E - 6O0 IU
Pollen or pollen extract
A - 25,000 units
Collinsonia tablets, 3-6 tablets or more K - especially in bleeding hamorrhoids
JUICES
Lemon, orange, grapefruit, papaya, pineapple.
Collinsonia root (tea, tablets or capsules), witch hazel (to be rubbed
externally), pollen, rose hips, yarrow, white oak bark.
SPECIFICS
Vitamins P (bioflavonoids) and Ba, pollen, collinsonia rout.
Cernitory (pollen suppository), raw garlic or raw potato suppository.
/ of exercise, particularly walking.
Bataine hydrochloride - 1 tablet after each meal
Honey
JUICES
The best juices for asthma are: lime, comfrey, horseradish and garlic.
Garlic and horseradish juices can be taken In small amounts mixed with
the juices of carrols and red beets. Lime (or lemon) juice Is best taken
diluted with water first thing in the morning. Asthma patients should
also take lime juice plain, 1 tsp. 2-3 times during the day, between meals.
Comfrey (as tea, or comfrey leaves can be chewed fresh), mullein,
sweet marjoram, lobella, valerian root, ginseng, camomile, myrrh,
coltsfoot, golden seal, hyssop, anise, wild plum.
Garlic, comfrey, manganese, vitamins C, Be and E, pollen, honey.
Juice fast, vegetarian diet.
REFERENTIAL READING
Kamimura, Mitzva, Journal of Vitaminology. 18.1971, pp. 204.209.
Reich, Carl J., Prevention September, 1970.
Abrahanuon, E. M., Body, Mind, and Sugar, Henry Holl and Co., N.Y., 1951,
Encyclopedh of Commow Diseaser, Rodale Books, Inc., Emmaus, Penna.
Nittler, Alan H., A New Freed of Doctor, Pyramid House, Publish., N.Y. 1971.
Küschner, H. E., Nature's Jealing Graster, H.C. While Publications, Yuccaips,
Calif., 1960.
Warmbrand, Max., The Encyclopedia of Natural Health, Groton Press, Inc. 1962.
Brather, G. W., "Infantile Asthma: Early Recognition and Management", Texer
Medicine, Val. 68, Nov., 1972.
Although pollen is considered one of the commonest allergens of
asthmatics, taken orally it has been shown to be an excellent remedy for
asthma. Start with small doses and gradually increase to as much as
possible, even several teaspoonfuls a day. Pollen is also available in tablet
HAYFEVER: Pollen (granules or tablets), pollen-rich (unprocessed, raw)
honev.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 856, "chars": 5399, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pollen As A Treatment In Prostatitis FROM THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF COMMON DISEASES
Prostate trouble is a common occurrence in men as they grow
older-in faet it is almost taken for granted. An estimated 60
percent of North American men over age 60 have some enlarge-
ment of the prostite, and by age 80 the proportion rises to 95
percent. In short, prostatic hypertrophy (enlargement) appears to
be one of those unpleasant physiologic changes that inevitably
occur in people as they grow older.
Yet this has not always been the case, according to a paper
poblished in 1960 in Grana Palynologica by Erik Ask-Upmark,
M.D., of the University of Upsala in Sweden. Titled "On A New
Treatment of Prostatitis," Dr. Ask-Upmark's paper starts with the
intriguing statement that: "Prostatitis represents a relatively new
pathologic entity. When I was studying medicine, one heard of
its existence, but chiefly as a patho-anatomic curiosity. It was not,
on the other hand, seen in the clinics, at any rate not in medical
onesiẠỊi
It would seem clear that within the past century there has
come about some fundamental change in our way of living
that has made alarmingly commonplace what was once a rare
disease. Most of us know that the most fundamental change in
way of life during this period has been the shift in eating patt-ens
from the consumption of fresh whole foods to the use of canned
or highly processed foods which, in the course of commercial
handling, are robbed of much of their nutritional virtue. There
are indeed a range of nutrients processed out of our food that are
vital to prostatic health. Prominent among them is magnesium,
whose deficiency in the American diet ix estimated at 200
milligrams a day. Vitamin F. the essential fatty acids, is com-
monly converted into hydrogennted fats thut are damaging to the
human system. Zinc is removed from flour by processing and has
become generally deficient in our diets as well.
Thus it is really unnecessary to look any further than our
change in eating habits, which has robbed the prostate gland of
some of the nutrients it requires most for health, to understand
"why prostatitis has become generally deficient in our diets as
well.
Thus it is really unnecessary to look any further than our
change in eating habits, which has robbed the prostate gland of
some of the nutrients it requires most for health, to understand
why prostatis has become something close to a universal afflic-
tion of aging men.
Pollen Contains Nutrients Important To The Prostate
This understanding also provides insight into why it is that
pollen should have been found to have u particularly beneficial
in alleviating prostatic infection and hypertrophy. Al-
though there has never been anything like a complete analysis of
the remarkably complex components of a grain of pollen, it is
certainly rich in essential fatty acids and in minerals, some of
which occur only In unbelievably small traces, but among which
zine and magnesium are relatively plentiful.
The possibilities of pollen in this regard first emerged in 1957.
In that year, Dr. Ask-Upmark had a patient with a particularly
Intractable prostatic infection that he had been trying to treat for
five years. "
*... at intervals of six to eight weeks, sometimes more
often, an acute exacerbation occurred, with fever and marked
local symptoms. Chloromycetin proved to be the only antibiotic
capable of overcoming the scute attacks. It was not, however,
able to prevent recurrences, despite the fact that on one occasion
as much as 150 grams was administered in the course of two
months."
Dr. Ask-Upmark goes on to describe how this patient decided
that he needed something to improve his general strength, and
on his own initiative began to take six tablets a day of pollen
extract. The improvement was like a miracle. "Since then-thus
for three years at the time of writing-he has had only a single
recurrence. This was in the beginning when, in connection with
a journey, he neglected to take the pollen preparation for two
weeks. Otherwise, he has taken the preparation daily." And
taking the pollen, this patlent had no trouble with his prostate.
Prostatitis Can Be Chronic Or Acute
As Dr. Ask-Upmark describes prostitis, it occursiboth in an
acute form and as a chronic disease, in which acute exacerbations
are highly characteristle. The local symptoms can most simply be
described as those of cystitis, l.e., a continual urge to void, and
discomfort on urination, Prostatitis has, however, certain typical
features. Firstly, the discomfort on urination consists far more of
pain than of burning. Secondly, this pain is often referred to the
tip of the penis, approximately as in the presence of an advanced
vesical calculus (stone). Thirdly, the patient may have a sensa-
tion of fullness in the rectum, which can reasonably be ascribed
to bulging of the swollen prostate gland into it. This makes the
patient try to relieve his discomfort by (unsuccessful) defeca-
fion. These local symptoms are accompanied, in the acute phase,
by systemic disturbances in the form of fever....
The ahove remarks by Dr. Ask-Upmark led another Swedish
physician, Costa Leander, to uncertake a fuller investigation. Dr.
Leander studied 179 cases, all of verified prostatic infection. The
study was set up as a double-blind test, using both pollen extract
and placebos with neither the patients nor the doctors -
re

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 835, "chars": 5489, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This question was examined by La. Denis, a urologist at the
military hospital in Antwerp, Belgium. His report was published
in Acto Urologico Belgica (January, 1966).
Dr. Denis started his study with 31 patients diagnosed as
suffering from chronic prostatitis. Their conditions were care-
fully evalated by chemical analysis and microscopic studies of
their urine and prostatic secretions. Out of the 31, only ten were
selected as showing no signs of bacterial infection whatsoever,
yet still suffering from the symptoms of chronic prostatitis. These
ten were treated with four tablets a day of pollen extract,
Describing the prostate patients in whomẠno evidence of
infection was detected," Dr. Denis says: "The mean age was 36.
Slight urinary problems were present in each instance which
was mainly the reason for their reference. These included
frequency (4), urgency (4), hesitation (2), discomfort when urinat-
ing (7). None of them complaîned of urcthral discharge. Three of
them complained of loss of sexual desire and four had regular.
pain in one of the testicles, groin or perineumiại
Subjective rellef that is, the patients themselves believed
they had improved and no longer complained of the same
symptoms-was obtained in all cases.
It would, of course, be extremely difficult and probably impos-
sible to conduct a study of whether the regular consumption of
pollen will prevent prostatitis from ever occurring. Such a study
could only be made on a statistical basis, comparing the inci-
dence of prostate difficulties among pollen takers as contrasted
with those who do not take It. It would involve enormous
*numbers of people followed up over a period of perhaps twenty
years. It is beyond the scope of any capability that we know of.
Nevertheless, when a material has proven of substantial benefit
to prostatic health, both in permitting the gland to fight off
infection and improving the noninfected condition that is gener-
ally known as benign prostatle hypertrophy, it seems reasonable
to suppose that the same material, included as a regular part of
the diet, might well forestall and prevent prostate problems.
FROM THE PRACTICAL ENCYCLOPEDIA OF NATURAL HEALING BY
MARK BRICKLIN, EXECUTIVE EDITOR, PREVENTION MAGAZINE
In men over 40, the prostate needs looking after. This may
mean a yearly rectal examination. Certainly, if there are any prob-
lems with the urinary system, a urologist must be relied upon, It
takes careful medical evaluation to determine whether discomfort
involves an active infection, an inflammation where infection is not
present, or even cancer.
The most frequent problems do not involve active infections
or progrestive diseases, but rather inflammation or enlargement of the
gland, which interferes with urination and intercourse. Digital mas-
sage of the gland by a doctorẠs gloved finger often brings temporary
relief, and this must be considered a good conservative measure
in many cases.
There is some evidence indicating that supplements of zine may
help prostate problems not involving infection or other serious abnor-
malities. The importance of zine to the prostate is reflected in the
fact that this gland contains a concentration of zine some 10 times
greater than most other organs of the body. In any event, Dr. Irving
M. Bush and colleagues at the Center for the Study of Prostatic
Disenses at Cook County Hospital in Chicago, and a number of other
institutions, found that daily supplements of zine ranging from 50 to
100 mg, a day improved or abolished symptoms in the majority of
men complaining of chronic prostatitis (without infection) or benign
prostatic enlargement. Their results, although written up in the carly
seventies, have not to my knowledge been published in a journal,
and they must still be regarded as suggestive rather than definitive.
The use of pollen for chronic prostatitis would appear even
more controversial then the use of zinc, but a substantial number of
articles reporting good responses have been published, although not in
American or British journals. One such report was written by Gösta
Jönsson, M.D., in the Swedish Medical Journal (58:2487, 1961).
Dr. Jonsson, of the Urological Unit of the University of Lund,
Sweden, used a proprietary preparation known as Cernilton.
With
len patients who were seen for at least a year, five became largely
free of symptoms, and the inflammatory changes of the prostate
regressed, No side effects were observed. It was also noticed that
results were best when the preparation was taken daily (four tablets).
A similar study was reported by Yutaka Saito, M.D., of the
Department of Urology at the Nagasaki University School of Medi-
cine (Clinical and Experimental Medicine, June 1967). Dr. Saito,
using the same pollen preparation on 30 patients diagnosed as suffer-
ing from chronic prostatitis, said the treatment wasạẠỗmarkedly effec-
live" in 16 cases, "effective" in 13 cases, and ineffective in just one
case. No drugs were given, and no side effects were observed. Dr.
Saito used a dosage of six tablets a day.
Although Cernilton is basically pollen (largely timothy, maize,,
and rye), it also contains small amounts of a few other substances
said to be microbiological extracts obtained from pollen. Whether
other pollen extracts would have a similar effect, I cannot say. And
Cernilton, which is manufactured in Sweden, is not to my knowledge
availablo in the United States at present. It is now av lable
only through Cernitin America Ine.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1293, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROPER PRODUCT PRESENTATIONS ARE PRIMARY!
In front of your prospects, pop your pollen pills, and
ask them to participate by partaking of the potent, pure,
'pristine pollen particles from the posies. This powerful
and perfect food is high in protein and pleasantly palatable,
perhaps even a panacea, Its puny price is a mere pittance
for prevention. Its patented process is protected, and
the protective husk is peeled off precisely in the prepar-
ation of our pure pollen products. Prostaglandin precursors
can keep you in the pink and in your prime by providing
plenty of powerful protection, Paavo Airola praises pollen.
Ali pursued the pinnacle with more punch per pollitab!
And the pioneering pied piper of pollen, Pollitab popping
powerlifting pro larry Pacifico promptly pumps and presses
plenty of pounds with peak performance predominantly
perpetuated and propelled by plenty of pollen products.
Remind people to please promptly partake of precious
pollen's power which profusely proliferates and promulgates
peculiarly potent and particularly positive preventative
properties. Our pollen is prepared and produced through
processes perfected and patented to protect our precious
and pure and most prized possession from possible and
probable prying, pirating plagiarism and pollution.

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1565, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
48 HOUR PLANNER
[One¿on-one: within first 48 hours of
sponsorahip - a very cricical period]
Answer ell questions (it's fine if you don't know the aaswers)
a) If you don't know, tell them you'll find out the answer if you can.
a) Imphasize kay points (the exclusive; extensive funding, etc)
b) Make sure they understand the multi-level concept (2X2 example)
to plan, you plan to fail.
but sometines negative friends and relatives)
b) Don't forget referrals (whenever you calk to anycne)
Schedule them into a 5-star program of opportunity seminar
b) Group dynamics are powerful at opportunity seminars, as are testimonials
a) Teach them to teach others to teach (duplication equals huge incomes)
b) Earn as you learn concept (vs years of schooling that costs, not pays)
a) Communication and support are the key basics of the business
Teach basic techniques for calling or inviting (Babe Ruth example)
a) Opinion inviting; using a script: 10-bean technique (game)
a) Custoner cash coupon
10. Start chen on che products (though should be already)
a) Have than do the paperwork (with your guidance)
b) Share your testimonial and pertinent product criteria
DISCUSS KEY CONCEPTS (all part of a win-win people-oriented philosophy)
2.
3.
4.
5.
with ochers)
7.
Persistence (winners never quit and quitters never win)
Duplication (people will watch what you da and do the sane)
Communication (stay in touch with your people and support their goals)
Positivs attitude (be a problem-solver and enjoy the game)
10.
Do it now!
And do the most important ching first! (prioritize).
