{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T21:48:20Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5441508, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125129-raytheon-whistleblower-claims-faster-than-light-communication-directed-energy-weapons-exist-at-south-pole.pdf", "source_sha256": "715f63f6d926c296eefac51a99209d12783e8c7ecba76de596efcaf33eca739e"}

Raytheon Whistleblower Claims Faster Than
Light Communication & Directed Energy
Weapons Exist At South Pole
Making sense of whistleblower claims within a more holistic picture of the UFO
pehnomenon.

             JOE MARTINO
             JUN 15, 2023


      62                16                                                                          Share


Set Your Pulse: Take a breath. Turn your attention to your body and release
any tension. Breathe slowly into the area of your heart for 60 seconds, focusing
on feeling a sense of ease. Stay connected to your body as you read. Click here to
learn why we suggest this.


Dr. Steven Greer is an important figure in UFO disclosure for many reasons.
Not only has he pressed on over the years, while taking much ridicule, to
bring forth legitimate testimony around UFOs, he does not shy away from the
ever important conversation around consciousness, which is linked with the
phenomenon.

On June 12th, 2023, Greer held a press conference at the National Press Club
that contained all-new military and government whistleblower testimony on
the subject of the UFO/UAP phenomenon.

In particular, I wanted to draw your attention to one piece of testimony from
Eric Hecker, a Raytheon Contractor who was based out of the United States
built Amundsen–Scott South Pole station.

Hecker states off the top that all documentation and proof of his testimony
have been passed off to Congress for consideration.

During his testimony, Hecker discusses a piece of technology called the
IceCube Neutrino Observatory. It was built to explore and understand more
about neutrinos, the most abundant particles that have mass in the universe.
In simple terms, it looks at spectrums of light we cannot detect optically to
understand more about the nature of our reality.


                                          IceCube Neutrino Observatory, South Pole


Research at the facility also includes glaciology, geophysics, meteorology,
upper atmosphere physics, astronomy, astrophysics, and biomedical research.
However, Hecker claims more is going on.

Hecker claims the IceCube indeed does what its primary purposes are, but
also claims the technology can also be used as a directed energy weapon. This
is because the 5160 Digital Optical Modules (DOMs) embedded into the ice
can transmit at 2047 volts of power each.


                                                     Digital Optical Modules


He claims the technology can also provide faster-than-light communication,
and is essentially an air traffic controlling system from highly advanced
spacecraft (perhaps some human but mostly non-human) not disclosed to the
public.


                                 The Pulse is a reader-supported publication. To
                                       receive new posts and support our work,
                                     consider becoming a free or paid subscriber.


                                     Type your email...                          Subscribe


With such huge power outputs, Hecker questions what the sources of power
may be. Perhaps it is a non-sanctioned Nuclear Station that’s being kept
under wrap. But he claims it’s likely an exotic and highly advanced power
generation unit.

If this is true, it would mean that for the last 13 years as this technology has
been fully operational, the US government may have been using a highly
advanced energy technology at this facility.

This would be problematic given the US government claims the only way
forward in solving our energy and climate woes is to tax citizens via a carbon
tax while we move to wind and solar.

Worse, Hecker claims the use of this technology could have been linked to
earthquakes, and the technology may have been used for nefarious purposes.

Have a look at part of his testimony below:


As mentioned, he has provided documentation to US Congress to support his
claims. It will be interesting to see what comes of this. I want to be clear I am
not asking you to believe everything this man is saying, but to consider it and
not withdraw it simply because “it’s too hard to believe.”

Over the last 15 years, our team has been highly engaged in researching new
energy devices. We have worked with and helped fund a couple of inventors,
and I have seen one of these technologies with my own eyes. To be honest, my
first reaction to seeing one live was fairly emotional.

These technologies, regardless of the naysayers online who simply can’t
believe they exist, are here and are being hidden from the public. This is not
speculation to me, it’s a fact.

Here’s an example of one machine we’ve been following for years. It is not the
one I’ve seen with my own eyes, that one I signed an NDA prior to seeing and
don’t have any video to release.

Back in 2016, I had a meeting with a member of Robert F Kennedy Jr’s team to
discuss the technology. In 2019, it was presented to Dr. Steven Greer for
further consideration as well.

A complex mix of emotions arrived for me upon seeing the technology for the
first time. I’d like to share some of what I felt.

     To watch as other engineers turned into highly inspired people while
     seeing these technologies was incredible. A light turned on inside them
     that you rarely see in the zombified modern life so many of us live. These
     people had a deep belief in possibility again. Creativity came over them
     that is a birthright to us as humans, a birthright being taken away by our
     lack of belief and by giving our power to a system run by nefarious elites
     who want to hold the masses down. To see other humans in pure
     inspiration brought a tear to my eye.

     So much of our collective story and suffering is 100% man-made. We
     have, and have had, the technological ability to make humans thrive for
     decades. Instead, the goodwill of people is being directed at supporting
     things like a carbon tax to “save the planet,” all while we could have walked
     away from carbon-emitting tech decades ago. It’s troubling to truly see
     the impact of lies.

     Finally, to witness something that could truly expand humanity was
     incredible. In those moments floods of feelings that felt like “where we
     could be” collectively raced through my being.

Looking back, I feel like that experience should bring about emotion.


                                 The Pulse is a reader-supported publication. To
                                       receive new posts and support our work,
                                     consider becoming a free or paid subscriber.


                                     Type your email...                          Subscribe


Gary McKinnon
As a final note, Hecker mentions Gary McKinnon during his testimony, a man
we reported on many years ago at Collective Evolution for those that
remember.

Between February 2001 and March 2002, McKinnon hacked 97 US military
computers, operated by the US Navy, the Pentagon and NASA. His motivation
was to find evidence of an ET and UFO coverup.

While there, McKinnon found documents and images suggesting the United
States has “non-terrestrial officers” of rank, non-terrestrial vehicles, and
knowledge of, what he felt, was non-human craft.

If the first bit is true, that the US has non-terrestrial officers, it would mean
that this personnel are in space, somewhere, and for a long enough period of
time for them to be acknowledged as ‘non-terrestrial in location.’ Where could
they be? What are they doing?

Below is McKinnon describing how the US charged him and what he saw
when he hacked the computers.


           Gary McKinnon Hacks Department of Defense & Finds UFO & Off-Worl…
                                                                                                 Copy link


 Watch on


Further, another video is below from 2010. It’s of a press conference between
David Cameron and Barrack Obama at the White House. They discuss the
Mckinnon case.

Obama mentions “the increasing challenge we face as a consequence of the
internet.” The need for cybersecurity is growing he said. It’s chilling to hear
this being discussed back then when we know where we stand today having
seen the greatest moment of censorship in modern history from 2020 - 2023.
Censorship that protected government mistakes and corporate profit while
harming the masses.

Furthermore, looking at how McKinnon was treated for revealing secrets back
then, it’s notable to see it still happening with Julian Assange and Edward
Snowden today.


           President Obama and Prime Minister Cameron at the White House
                                                                                                 Copy link


 Watch on


Final Thoughts
One challenge navigating the UFO/UAP story here in 2023 is coming to terms
with the varying degrees of knowledge the average person holds on the
subject. It’s tough to get on the same page.

Some believe there never has been any reasonable evidence to support the
UFO hypothesis.

Others feel it’s a fabrication by the US government to somehow manipulate
us. For what reason exactly? Who knows.

Others feel “Project Blue Beam” is being used to create a new enemy and
threat via ETs. In this scenario, holographic technology will be used to make
UFOs “appear.” This would apparently create more legitimacy around an “ET
threat” so the elites can manipulate us. But this story doesn’t track well when
you take a look at the totality of the evidence.

The truth is, a well-rounded and honest look at the evidence available,
including stories like McKinnon’s, paints a picture of a power structure
desperately trying to cover up knowledge about the phenomenon and the
technology that goes with it. That is the most likely scenario when taking a
holistic picture.

But it’s hard to land there without deeper inquiry.

With COVID vaccines, many complained about the lack of informed consent
around the subject. How could someone make a proper decision to take the
vaccine without the right amount of information coming from people who are
supposed to be ‘experts’ and advise? Without accurate information, one can’t
make a decision.

The same can be said for the UFO phenomenon, there is a lack of ‘informed
consent,’ (honest information from experts) thus the public is unable to have
an informed opinion on the matter because they don’t know what they don’t
know.

We’re in a time where mainstream media outlets are just now waking up to
the phenomenon, yet are still decades behind the times. With article titles like
“How the Pentagon Started Taking U.F.O.s Seriously” from 2021, MSM outlets
ignore the evidence that has long been public for many decades. We already
know that the DoD and other government institutions have been taking the
UFO subject seriously for almost 100 years, why haven’t they figured this out
yet? Or maybe their job is simply to deceive.

It’s for this reason I believe the MSM will help bring more collective attention
and legitimacy to the UFO/UAP conversation, but are not avenues we should
trust for an accurate or complete picture. They only create permission space
for people to “feel OK” exploring this subject without ridicule. And for that we
can be grateful. But it’s best not to get lost in believing we will get the truth
from them. The same can be said about governments. They have lied for
decades about this subject, why would we expect the truth now?

Finally, I write this as an invitation to hold wonder and possibility in your
worldview. I’m not suggesting that curiously exploring this subject means
believing everything you hear about it on faith, but instead to truly examine
the subject holistically, with all aspects of our knowing from intellect, felt
sense, and intuition.

The UFO/UAP story may not be one that can be readily explored by those of
us that have so many immediate stresses to overcome as we navigate life. I’m
saddened by that societal reality.

But this phenomenon truly does push us to question the nature of our reality,
who we are, and what our place is within the universe. Further, the
technological implications could be that the constant struggle our existing
systems impose on citizens would not have to be.

We could truly thrive, and sometimes I believe this to be one of the biggest
reasons why this subject is so heavily ridiculed and kept quiet. Can we return
to this subject with an excited sense of curiosity? Or has our collective
jadedness suppressed our wonderous sense of curiosity?

                                                              Share


                                 The Pulse is a reader-supported publication. To
                                       receive new posts and support our work,
                                     consider becoming a free or paid subscriber.


                                     Type your email...                          Subscribe


                                     62 Likes · 2 Restacks


      62                16                                                                          Share


      Previous                                                                                    Next


16 Comments

          Write a comment...


       Robert Smith PhD Writes Truth Addict Jun 17
       It seems blatantly obvious that these UFO whistleblowers are all CIA plants. If they are not plants
       then they would be treated like Edward Snowden or Julien Assange. The CIA pharma government
       military complex absolutely loves wars, and what better than a War on Aliens, they will need all our
       money to fight this one!

       More here; https://wakeuppeople.substack.com/p/forever-wars-are-highly-profitable
             LIKE        REPLY         SHARE


       Maureen Mehlman Jun 15
       The other questions that seem obvious are:

       If this is even half true, why will it take another decade to reach Mars?

       Why the coordinated disclosure by various governments at this time?
             LIKE (1)        REPLY       SHARE


14 more comments...


   Top          New           Community


 How We Are Being Misled
 The person who wrote a hit-piece about me ended up exactly where I thought they
 would - maintaining the status quo.
     FEB 17 • JOE MARTINO


 We’re Not Living in Ordinary Times
 What do we do when the old ways don't seem to make sense?
     JUN 30 • JOE MARTINO


 A New Worldview Is Emerging That Can Change Our Entire
 Perspective On Reality
 We're in a time of deep transition. The space between our current worldview and an
 emerging one can be uncomfortable, but it's an evolutionary pressure…
     AUG 16, 2022 • JOE MARTINO


     67                                              23


   See all


                                                   Ready for more?

                                         Type your email...                  Subscribe


                                     © 2023 The Pulse ∙ Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice


                                                    Start Writing      Get the app


                                               Substack is the home for great writing
