{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T23:37:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 158103, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125150-aliens-suspected-in-building-271-at-wpafb.pdf", "source_sha256": "26ca7e1f474fc31452bb4772a92b2f8f6b6a367a2b44c27748bbf6ee7d61d6de"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3367, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12/7/23, 4:27 PM
XXXX
SIRUS DICLOSURE
Aliens suspected in Building 271 at WPAFB
3 messages
- Aliens suspected in Building 271 at WPAFB
Dear Dr Steven Greer,
I am a huge fan of your work and disclosure project. I hope to meet you one day soon. Keep the good fight of
faith. I pray daily that we will win over these deep blackops traiters to the constitution.
I highly doubt this is news to you and i thought I'd say it anyway just in case...
I was an Air Force Telecommunications Engineer with a Top Secret clearance. I had full access to all
communications closets of every building on WPAFB.
In the 6 years i worked in building 262 (AFMC headquarters), I heard constant rumors that recovered Alien
bodies were being stored deep under building 271. It is an obsure building wirh no windows and high security.
One day a communications circuit went out in bldg 271 and i was tasked to fix it. I found it odd that such a low
profile building had coded access to entry and that i could not freely walk into the communications closets like
every other building on that base.
I had to be signed into the building access log and despite my top secret clearance, I had to be escorted directly
to the comm closet, perform my fix action and was escorted directly out with no discussion between me and my
escort. He was eerily quiet.
I found the building to be particularly peculiar because the hallways were very dark and barely lit. The escort said
nothing to me. It was indeed the most unusual encounter in my 6 years on WPAFB.
When I got back to the base central test facility office in the basement of building 262, i was asked if I saw any
aliens. Unfortunately i did not, but the rumors were high on their existence in that building.
I apologize i dont have more concrete evidence. I would absolutely love to be a part of your mission. Im a 80%
disabled veteran on 100% unemployability with nothing but free time to help. I am very talented online in digital
marketing. I can drum up free internet traffic thru strategic social media posting on every platform and contribute
to getting the word out.
Please feel free to use me. Im at your disposal. I educate my children and grandchildren on the facts you present
to the world. I want to do my part to get the true message of the limited alien presence/encounters and massive
American super tech as far out there as possible.
Thank you for taking the time to read my email. Please give me some acknowledgement that you received this
message so I know it was not hijacked and deleted by the evil blackops traitors of our constitution who plague our
world with chaos, poverty, pain, and suffering.
I want a better more advanced world as you do. Im a futurist and a super scyfi tech geek. I know without a doubt
that deep black projects have the most superior tech that can bring peace, prosperity, and harmony to our world
but choose destruction, wars, money, and power. Heck, we used hydrogen gas to power many vehicles in the
late 80s with hydrogen gas stations. That still hasnt happened in our fake archaic world.
I hope to hear back from you. It would be an honor to receive a message from you directly. You are my hero and
life champion. I aspire to be as vital to our country as you are. I want a mission that allows me to contribute to
your cause.
Goodluck in achieving ultimate success for us all and Godspeed
1/2
