{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-15T13:40:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7456788, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125199-cejka-the-ultimate-compound-lithium-by-haroldin.pdf", "source_sha256": "4b7ba098fc2fc3a46b836b86c1255341d620126f8e7b28f86edf73de19633c82"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2609, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ULTIMATE COMPOUND -- LITHIUM
(in solid matter/crystals)
By Haroldine
We are "front seat" witnesses to the rapidly approaching
dawn of a New Age upon this planet; I feel this lithium information
is both very important and essential to be shared now as it shall
ease research work for many of you by providing short cuts and
more complete explanations that weren't as clearly available before.
So many times, what would seem to benefit us the most if we had
known first, we seem to learn last.
Learn Last.
I greatly feel this is so of
lithiun and its vast balancing results when appropriately utilized.
I take full responsibility for the theories, conjectures and con-
text cffered in this presentation.
The majority of the information shared with you today is very
generalized.
Should you choose to later utilize in your own research
RECHECK--there is no single blanket coverage for everything.
There-
after, though association and appropriate application, you can garner
only very beneficial results.
The success of the "lithium project" was made possible by
mutual co-operation of over twenty-five independent researchers, each
working separately, yet mutually as a team, many who are in this
very audience today.
I am humbly grateful to each of you and wish
to acknowledge all with heartfelt deep appreciation.
The foundation of Lithium Project was basically structured
through gleanings of the discoveries/writings of Dr. George Crile,
J.G. Gallimore, Dinshah P. Ghadiali, Prof. Louis C. Kervran,
DE. Wilhelm Reich and Viktor Schauberger.
I have worked in (energy) research part-time for over 20 years
and began full time practice in 1979. I act as Director of Research
for Lithium Labs. Led., San Luis Rey, California.
Lithium was discovered in 1817 by A. Arfvedson in Sweden, who
while analyzing the mineral petalite, found that the sodium compounds
which he separated were contaminated by an alkali which did not
respond to the chemical tests for the only other known alkali,
potassium. The name lithium (from the Greek, lithos,
"stone") was
proposed by J.J. Berzelius.
First isolation in quantity was in 1855
by R.
Bunsen and A. Matthiessen who electrolyzed fused lithium
chloride.
Lithium is a white non-metallic metal occupying position #3
following hydrogen and helium on the Periodic Chart of chemical
elements.
The atom has three protons (positive charges) in its
nucleus
and three electrons (negative charges) in orbit around the
nucleus.
One of the electrons is alone in the outer orbital and so
is readily lost to interactions with other atoms. When it is lost,
July-August 1984 RR, Page 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2626, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the lithium atom has three positive charges in its nucleus and
two negative charges in its electron shell and is hence a cation:
a positively charged ion that interacts with anions or negatively
charged ions.
In the synthesis of heavier chemical elements out
of lighter ones in the universe, lithium is not on the main pathway:
therefore on the earth it is present in smaller quantities compared
with its chemical relatives sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium.
At ordinary temperatures lithium has a higher
specific heat than
any other substance except water.
It is unusual in that it is the
lightest of all solid elements.
Its boiling pt. is 1336°C. It is
never found free in nature, though traces of it occur in nearly all
igneous rocks and in the waters of many mineral springs.
Its atomic
wgt. is 6.939.
In the flame test for lithium, a brilliant magenta
color is given.
Lithium is found widely distributed in the earth's crust as
lithium minerals in deposits, largely silicates, of pegmatites
dikes on specific ley lines of the Planetary Grid surrounding the
globe. Location sources of lithium minerals in order of importance
are:
1.
North America and Canada
2.
Africa
3. South America
4.
Australia
5. Europe
Calculated to be approximately 0.0049 or a comparison of lead
as 0.002* and tin 0.0006₺.
The major lithium minerals of commercial
interest are:
1.
Tourmaline (approximately 1-1ke Lig0)
2.
Lepidolite approximately 3-5%
I120)
3.
Spodumene
approximately 8-849 I120)
4.
Amblygonite (approximately 8-10% I1g0)
5.
Petalite (approximately 2-48
5.
Desert lake brines (approximately 228 Li,0)
10.038
IL,0 in brine)
7. Eucryptite (approximately 88
L120)
The commercial use of lithium in earlier years was mainly in
ceramic industry for producing glazes and specific grades of glass.
In the automotive industry as an additive to keep oil from breaking
During Ww II lithium was used on submarines to neutralize
possible escaping chlorine gas. Lithium has been used for many years
in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, such as the antihistamines
because of its stability advantage and as a reagent to produce syn-
thetic vitamins. To a limited extent, lithium is used in the metal
industry in various alloys increasing tensile strength and resistance
to corrosion.
It is also used as a desulphurizer and dioxidizer in
copper and as an additional agent to magnesium,
aluminum, and zinc
based alloys as well as a hardening agent in lead alloys. It is used
to purify helium and argon by removing nitrogen and oxygen. Lithium
is now being utilized in batteries for wrist watches, pacemakers and
July-August 1984 RR, Page 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3157, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
testings done for automobile batteries. Improvement of 1/4 the wat. and
4 to 5 times the shelf life. In early 1940, "Seven Ups" soda pop
use to add it to their soft drink with advertised caption: "Takes
the 'Ouch' out of the grouch!!"
In the medical field, the use of lithium carbonate for treat-
ment of manic-depression has been reported very successful. Within
the last three weeks
(June 93) there have also been large successes
reported for treatment of individuals addicted to alcohol via appli-
cation of lithium carbonate.
American physicians were excessively
cautious because of disasterous results when applications of lithiun
were substituted for sodium in treatment of congestive heart failure.
Several patients had died before physicians had realized the toxicity
of lithium in a patient deprived of sodium.
Because of this misfor-
tune, lithium's use in the United States was delayed approximately
ten years though it was used in Europe and Australia earlier.
In esoteric writings, it's stated that Planet Neptune rules the
3rd Eye (6th chakra) and its metal is lithium. This opens the path-
way to higher consciousness or more "human potential release".
Lithium is an essential constitute of every cell in a healthy human
body. It is utilized in the building fibre of cell walls of every
cell and is one of the main ingredients in the covering sheath of
outgoing nerve endings.
Lithium is primary ingredient of crossover
from etheric to physical in human formation via the conception and
governing meridians.
This has been checked and confirmed by several
radionic practioners.
This is newly discovered information for
Acupuncture though this Art has been practiced over 5,000 years.
How many of you are aware when the hydrogen bombs were dropped over
Japan in 1945--the residue product remaining after the hydrogen and
oxygen atoms were smashed together at great pressure was lithium?
Is it possible the success of Japan's technical progress could have
been influenced by the lithium materials floating downward thru
space to their islands?
Lithium ore dust is being used as
materials for dental fillings, it assists to keep patients, part of
dians aligned in dental research.
Towards the very ending of I.V. Program I was watching early
one Saturday P.M. almost five vears ago, a statement was made that
strongly called my attention, "that fresh water pools rose up out
of the salt water in an area around Bimini.
Folks who bathed in
these fresh water pools had their skin cancer healed within days.
When the fresh water was analyzed, it was noted it contained a high
percentage of lithium."
Til that moment in time, had never even heard the word -
LITHIUM - and had no idea what it meant.
That began the quest to
know and understand lithium:
First the dictionary and then a visit
to local rock shops.
The greatest surprise of all then happened...
there a was large lithium mine located
in mountains only twenty
miles from the town in which I've dwelled twenty eight years on
off, located on an Indian Reservation.
Seasonal tours were conducted
each Saturday and Sunday and I signed up for one. Part of the tour,
July-August 1984 RR, Page 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 536, "chars": 3377, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
one was allowed to dig in the tailings dump. The main attraction
at the tailings dump was the search for tourmaline - a precious
gemstone containing 1-14 lithium.
I later found out tourmaline
was used in atomic submarines and
nuclear warheads as well as
jewelry.
Tourmaline is the second fastest conductor of electricity
upon the planet being surpassed only by
the Human Mind. There were
huge piles of lovely blue/violet "rocks" all around the tailing
dump that everyone seemed to ignore.
The color of their beauty
strongly attracted me and so began my love affair with lithium
crystals/ores/minerals.
Brought varying samples home and had
Kirilian photographs taken.
The ore's energy was strong enough
to show up on finished printed photograph as three tiny magenta
color,
heart shaped figures from the sample of blue/violet ore called
lepidolite.
(Having remembered from reading in a book called
"Vibrations" that told of color teachings/writings of Dinshah and
special value of color, MAGENTA:
"The two remaining colors, green and magenta, form the 'North'
and 'South' polies respectively of the circle and constitute not
affinities but dual primal forces of the same energy working as a
single factor, like the poles of a magnet.
Dr. Mac Naughton refers
to them as
representing the 'Primary Force' and "Kundalini' respec-
tively.")
This was silent signal there was something very special
about this ore energy and so began the "lithium project"
• Magenta
color represented "primal ground force vital energy"!!!] During
the first mine tour visit, I also observed the foliage around the
mine and trilings dump was exceptionally tall, large, and very
green.
Whereas other plant growth was similar high desert 12"-14"
stubbles.
The young miners who lived close to their work in trailers
had planted a garden.
The tomato plants were over ten feet tall and
the corn plant stalks towered at twelve feet.
This was in lacter
part of October when normal growing season had long since ceased.
Watermelons harvested in December though small in size were sweet
and tender. Decided something special had to be affecting ground
for this type plant growth to occur.
Started using some of the
lepidolite crystals as type fertilizer on my patio and sent similar
crystals to fellow researchers around the U.S. to note affects in
their area.
A dear friend in Chicago who had received several
batches greeted me at Dayton USA Conference with loving comment:
"For--sakes, don't send me any more of those purple rocks"
that he understands more of their workings, feel he may have changed
his mind.
At same time, recorded research data for work done with
avocado groves in Fallbrook, California.
The lishium ore were
encased in cloth wrappings and secured 360° outside around the
irrigation pipes that watered the groves. One grove was watered
separate with different pipe and kept as a control.
The water
rushing through the pipes created an energy current that picked up
the "frequency" charge from the lithium crystals.
The main import-
ant changes noted was the blossom set increased
from 75 to 90%.
The nutrition of fruit improved approximately 228 in just a three-
month
period.
The grove that was not treated and used as control
became pleasantly contaminated in positive way as the healthy charge
from treated groves leeched over into untreated groves. This was
July-August 1984 RR, Page 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3002, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
e
our first recorded experiment of lithium crystals contribution
to agriculture.
Concurrently, appropriate application with lepidolite crystals
were tested with human energy and beginning affects were noted that
greatly contributed toward balancing or centering. Because lithium
has both left or sight polarity swing.
a multitude of report results
were noted merely by carrying crystals in left pocket.
sort of
like filling in several different blanks, depending upon specific
need of the individual.
Hyperactive children acted more relaxed or
calm, as crystals afforded more grounding energy support. Some of
the lepidolite crystals were ground into dust-type substance and
sprinkled on drop of colorless nail polish in center of each toe
nail and allowed a grounding support
two weeks.
energy for individual for up to
Fragmented type personaltiy Individuals blended more
towards center/baiancing with the lepidolite crystal grounding
support, also. Some of the lepidolite ore was sewn inside 1k"
Cloth squares and research volunteers carried on their person or
slept with packet tucked under their pillow. ( suggest maximum
exposure to any crystal no more than 18 hours a day in your aura or
maximum of 8 hours exposure if sleeping with crystal's radiation.
The body needs a certain amount of time every day to be totally
alone with itself.) One research volunteer, female approximately
55 years of age insists, wearing
caring the essen saket
the cloth packet in her left bra cup
cured her constipation problem.
Another volunteer, male, age 42
that pocket bede more g unded, relaxed and baranced an his every-
day function via occupation and home family life.
From writings of J.G. Gallimore I noted, "one out of three
people are born
"sensitives'
Very few folks
have understanding
-
of this happening and few who are affected realize little about it.
It's as if certain folks have DC wiring and sense all energy flow
with no filter whereas the other two of the three are born with AC
current. Use of the cloth cover lithium crystal packets tucked in
left bra cup of two ladies naturally born sensitives gave grounding
support and they no longer felt hyper.
Wm. Conners who had done vast research work with tone and number
harmonics found that lithium has a fundamental harmonic that resonates
with every note of the musical scale.
I feel this is why lithium
offers such diversity in its many varied areas of application.
Lepidolite the blue/violet "rocks"--a lithium crystal I found so
attractive in color my first visit to a lithium mine was found to
resonate with 5th or throat chakra. (The thyroid/throat area is
where all the electric potential is stored for the physical body.)
An eight year old psychic
male child shared lepidolite "calls the
healing angels for
'human beings"; quartz crystals "call the healing
angels for plants".
Am not sure how many of you may be familiar with Professor Louis
C. Kervran's research work done in France over the last twenty five
July-August 1984 BR, Page 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3282, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
years, which he referred to as "biological transmutation"- (Prof.
Kervran died Feb "83)
He discovered that in nature, a property of
matter is the phenomenon that transmutation occurs.
One natural
element can change into another.
The results obtained huve nothing
to do with the reaction of nucleat physics since biological trans-
mutation involves neither fusion nor fission.
Kervran referred to
it as a science different from chemistry, it precedes chemistry or
molecular state.
Prof. Kervran's hypothesis of transmutation
realized there is always a modification (in the nucleus of the atom)
equal to the displacement of a hydrogen nucleus or an oxygen nucleus
suggests new incite into the role of both these vital elements.
Those familiar with Dinshah's discoveries and writings, know that
over 50 years ago he expressed his theory that the only two true
elements were oxygen and hydrogen; at that time Dinshah was not
1008 sure that even hydrogen was a true element.
After working with lithium crystal and observing affects, I
feel hydrogen is more a transitory state and not an element in our
present known definition of an element.
I strongly feel, again
mention that lithium is the main connection from etheric on into
the physical plane and is primary formation of human life via our
nervous system--the
"entrance in" so to speak.
The "entrance back
out" is adequate lithium supply in system to allow the natural
opening of 31d Eve--our pathway to higher consciousness or more
"human potential release"
"Hang ups"
or subconscious "fears"
Lessen the lithium production by the anatomy and various forms of
self-destruction replace the higher consciousness possibilities.
I liken the ingredient lithium to human body, as a wick to a candle.
One still has to light the flame, however the basic ingredients must
first be available for flame to burn. Aldous Huxley's "Doors of
Perception" may offer incite to research specialists presently
working in this area.
It has to do with how adrenochrome is broken
down and transmuted by the body. Those of you familiar with Nicola
Tesla and may have read his biography, "Prodigal Genius"--were you
not curious why lesla developed his habit of hyperventalating in
early youth and continued doing so all of his adult life??
Tesla was transmuting his own lithium manufacture to keep his higher
consciousness pathway door clear and open. Somehow, I feel by his
hyperventalating,
burned up impure carbons and sulphurs that othez-
wise might mineralize, causing complications and collect in physical
anatomy, creating "short circuits""
I forwarned at the very beginning of presentation--am offering
very general information.
Those of vou who are specialists and
experts snouto now have some very specific "seeds" to burgue answers
which will greatly benefit many of mankind. Lithium offers many,
many solutions to a very vast range of human inbalances--it can
restore balance and health.
During the four-plus years of "lithium project" we found seven
individual lithium crystals that could mechanically activate the
seven major chakras.
These lithium crystals also assisted she vol-
unteer researchers
in specific areas to problems they'd not before
been able to solve. (Seldom is there a single problem in physical
July-August 1984 RR, Page 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 2086, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOE.
15
body, very subtlely its but on indication of inter-connection to
misaligned nerve connections and the most severely afflicted areas
focus
first.)
Chakra and Lithium crystal(s)
7th - Rose-lepidolite
6th - Iryphane
5th - Lepidolite
4th - Kunzite, (Pala Pink) tourmaline
3rd - Petalite
2nd - Royal Azel
1st - Hiddenite
The research with each of these specific lithium crystals was
applied in many different ways. Will share single reporting of each:
Tryphane:
By sleeping with crystal during nite time restora-
tion of body.
Its affect was found to erase the action-track patterns
held in the white matrix area of brain that were no longer essential
for the highest good of the individual.
Royal Azel: Activated with spleen area and assists the inter-
connection contact to again activate the thymus gland (youth gland)
which greatly disolves excess friction and supports whole nervous
Lepidolite:
Earlier mentioned as contact to 5th chakra reduces
(stress takes many forms, high blood pressure is one of the
greater offenders).
This area is seat of human emotions and these
lithiun crystal creates more balance or allows more "humaness".
greatly eases depression for those who suffer from mood-swing chemical
imbalancés in anatomy.
Hiddenite:
Affects the Ist (roct or base) chakra traveling
downward to minor chakras in leg(s) and knee (s) plus upward contact
to the parotid gland located in cheek area of the face. (The parotid
is where human anger is stored) this lithium crystal eases relief in
small puffs rather than huge smoke explosions.
Tourmaline (Pala Pink): Was found to bring balance to emotional
body of heart chamber, much as one could imagine two velvet gloved
hands stroking and soothing.
Petalite: Activated 3rd Chakra which brings in the "Christ
Consciousness"
or "Faith" area. Its centering action is via gut
area.
Kunzite: Strongly tied in with 4th Chakra. It's frequency
centers.
Rose colored translucent lepidolite (Brasil): Toned in the 7tn
Chakra and biended the other individual six lithium crystals into
major chakra alignment.
July-August 1984 RR, Page

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3366, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approximately three months after completing the series of
individual lithium crystals to mechanically active the seven
chakras, a singie crystal came forth that did the work of all
sever lithium crystals within a twenty-four hour period. It 15
called "Golden C!"
It is a combination of both lithium and beryllium
and from Freak deposit in nature.
It was named by lady in San Anselmo
for its rarity; it cannot be found discribed in any gem stone book.
Its radiation color is pure gold light.
It also affords marvelous
assistance to rid aura of "Uninvited Guests" and releases them to
"LIGHT". Is does similar for radionic instruments.
The last part of June 1983, entered two more lithium crystals -
Polylithionite: works via base/root chakra and adrenals and when
utilizied with radionic instruments protects patient from becoming
striped of minerals in treatment.
Much more research testing is
required before
this lithium crystal can be made available.
other new crystal is Amplyconite: facetable material ILIst wore
located in Brasil in 1975 in new found deposits.
This contains an
extremely high vibration--possibly around 13th chakra--there has not
been enough research work done yet to share any more about this
crystal therefore it is not available for others use at this time.
are many more uses and applications for lithium/crystals--
today, I wished to present general over-view of what is available
already as
"tools"
that may assist the suffering human towards
balance, naturally!
There is vast range to be explored in lithium
research which will bring forth almost immediate solutions compared
to "tools" we've had to work with in the past.
Specialists in the
field of research will be aided greatly by allowing lithium to €111
in some of their blanks.
Along with the crystal research during "lithium project", we
also worked with AQUALITHIA, a natural mineral water formed 800-1,000
fs. below sea level in the earth.
It has many unusual properties.
When it was biomagnetically analyzed the only complete element found
was neon.
AQUALITHIA is diamagnetically negatively charged high
grade tellurian water.
It remains stable after long exposure to
light though storage away from heat and metals insures even longer
shell life.
A few drops (pendulum checked) added to 8 oz. glass of
regular water; wait 5 minutes and then drink; causes body to become
almost like a sponge chat absorbs more natural healing color rays
from the sun. It acts as a natural chelator for the body dislodging
lead, cadium and other toxic metals from system.
It removes plaque
from the arteries and waste ig
discharged naturally, with no side
affects.
It unlocks the "gates" for crace minerals residing dor-
mantly within body to again activate so they may complete their
natural intended
functions. Sprayed upon aching joint or heat burn.
immediately removes the pain. Almost immediately removes des lag
from weery traveler by realigning all the body meridians.
has consumed too much alcohol in happy celebration, the alcoholic
affects can be removed and individual
totally sober in five minutes;
this, of course, eliminates hangovers.
Spray mist of AQUALITHIA in
"natural higb".
Delays break down/decay of fruit/veg.
additional 3-5 days or longer.
It revitalizes kitchen cooking oil--
yes, this water and oil mix!!! Neutralizes allergies to cosmetics
July-August 1984 RR, Page 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1442, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'en
911
--Um
k.
for men and women. Provides a natural deodorizer for room freshner
and even cat boxes. When encased in smali pyrex bulb and stroked
2-3 days advance growth. Sprayed in mouth, clears onion and garlic
breath.
Both lithium crystals/ores/minerals and AQUALITHIA display
some very unusual nitrogen fixing properties that eliminate the
need for artificial fertilizers and pesticides in agriculture.
the same time applications benefit growth and nutrition of the plant,
it also is balancing soil for future use. (With use of lithium
"cools", what naturally would reguire one full year from Mother
Nature can be completed in three months).
Because of lithium's ability to interact with normally iner:
nitgrogen and its interaction with hydrogen, I've chosen to consider
LITHIUM - THE ULTIMATE COMPOUND via its workings with matter.
Thank you for your kind attention and allowing me to share with
you today.
I again wish to acknowledge all the individual researchers
who made today's presentation possible! There is now 5-minute
question/answer period available before she "lithium crystal (s)/
chakra demo"!!! lithium Labs, PO Box 96, San Luis Rey, Cal. 92068
Most Lithium Crystals
are Ring Sili-
cates
Packing
Model
Packing Model
IDEAL 6-MEMBERED
RING (Si,Oia) -"
Tetrahedral
Model
Tetrahedral Model
IDEAL 3-MEMBERED
RING (Si,O+)*
Stubby
Priam
Flat
Frism
Slander
Prism
TOURMALINE CRYSTALS
3 fold
Symmetry
July-August 1984 RR, Page 9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 703, "chars": 4704, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ULTIMATE COMPOUND - LITHIUM
(in solid matter/crystals)
(in solid matter/crystals)
by Haroldine, Director of Research, Lithium Labs, Ltd., P.O. Box 96, San Luis Rey, CA 92068
Presented at the 1983 U.S. Psychotronies Conference in Portland, Oregon
We are "front seat" witnesses to the rapidly
approaching dawn of a New Age upon this planet: I
feel this lithium information is both very important
and essential to be shared now as it shall ease
research work for many of you by providing short
cuts and more complete explanations that weren't as
clearly avallable before. So many times, what would
seem to benefit us the most if we had known first, we
seem to learn last. I greatly feel this is so of lithium
and its vast balancing results when appropriately
utilized. I take full responsibility for the theories.
conjectures and context offered in this presentation.
The majority of the information shared with you
today is very generalized. Should you choose to later
Periodic Chart of chemical elements. The atom has
three protons (positive charges) in its nucleus and
three electrons (negative charges) in orbit around
the nucleus. One of the electrons is alone in the outer
orbital and so is readily lost to interactions with
other atoms. When it is lost, the lithium atom has
three positive charges in its nucleus and twe
negative charges in its electron shell and is hence a
cation - a positively charged ion that interacts with
anions or negatively charged ions. In the synthesis of
heavier chemical elements out of lighter ones in the
universe. lithium is not on the main pathway:
therefore. on the earth is is present in smaller
quantities compared with its chemical relatives
sodium, potassium, magnesium and calcium. At
ordinary temperatures lithium has a higher specific
slightly different, much as is each pant in the
heat than any other substance except water. It is
garden. CHECK and RECHECK - there is no single
unusual in that it is the lightest of all sold elements
blanket coverage for everything Thereafter.
Its boiling point is 1336°C. It is never found free in
though association and appropriate application you
nature, though traces of it occur in nearly all igneous
can garner only very beneficial results.
rocks and in the waters of many mineral springs Its
The success of the "lithium project"
was made
atomic weight is 6.939. In the flame test for lithium, a
possible by mutual co-operation of over twenty-five
brilliant magenta color is given.
independent researchers, each working separately
Lithium is found widely distributed in the earth's
vet mutually as a team, many who are in this very
crust as lithium minerals in deposits, large y
audience today. I am humbly grateful to each of you
silicates. of pegmatites dikes on specific ley lines oi
and wish to acknowledge all with heartfelt deep
the Planetary Grid surrounding the globe. Location
sources of lithium minerals in order of importance
The foundation of Lithium Project was basically
are:
structured through gleanings of the discoveries/
1. North America and Canada
writings of Dr. George Crile, J.G.
Gallimore.
2. Africa
Dinshah P. Ghadiali, Prof. Louis C. Kervran, Dr.
3. South America
Wilhelm Reich and Viktor Schauberger
4. Australia
I have worked in (energy) research part-time for
5. Europe
over 20 years and began full time practice in 1979. I
Caleulated to be approximately 0.0045 or a
act as Director of Research for Lithium Labs, Ltd.,
comparison of lead as 0.002% and tin 0.0006% The
San Luis Rey, California.
major lithium minerals of commercial interest are:
Lithium was discovered in 1817 by A. Arivedson in
1. Tourmaline (approximately 1-1165 Li*0)
Sweden, who, while analyzing the mineral petalite,
2 Lepidolite (approximately 3-5% Li0)
found
that the sodium compounds which he
3. Spodumene (approximately 8-8/25 Li-0)
separated were contaminated by an alkali which did
4. Amblygonite (approximately 8-10% LIFO)
not respond to the chemical tests for the only other
5. Petalite (approximately 2-4% LIO)
known alkall, potassium. The name lithium (from
6. Desert lake brines (approximately 22% L/ª0)
the Greek word lithos, "stone") was proposed by J.J
(0.039 Li-O in brine)
Berzelius. First isolation in quantity was in 1855 by
7. Eucryptite (approximately 8% Li)
R. Bunsen and A. Matthiessen, who electrolyzed
The commercial use of lithium in earlier vears
fused lithium chloride.
wes mainly in the ceramic industry for producing
Lithium is a white non-metallie metal occupying
giazes and specific grades of glass and in the
position #3 following hydrogen and helium on the
automotive industry as an additive to keep oil from
ENERGY UNLIMITED #15, POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM. 87176
Page 15

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 901, "chars": 5685, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
breaking down. During WWII lithium was used on
submarines to neutralize possible escaping chlorine
gas. Lithium has been used for many years in the
manufacture of pharmaceuticals.
such as the
antihistamines, because of its stability advantage
and as a reagent to produce synthetie vitamins. Toa
limited extent, lithium is used in the metal industry
in various alloys increasing tensile strength and
resistance to corrosion.
is also used
desulphurizer and dioxidizer in copper and as an
additional agent to magnesium, aluminum, and zine
based alloys as well as a hardening agent in lead
alloys. It is used to purify helium and argon by
removing nitrogen and oxygen. Lithium is now
being utilized in batteries for wrist
watches,
pacemakers and testings done for automobile
batteries with improvement of 1/4 the weight and 4
to 5 times the shelf life. In early 1940. "Seven-Up"
soda pop manufacturers used to addit to that soft
drink with the advertised caption: "Takes the Ouch'
out of the grouch!!"
In the medical field, the use of lithium carbonate
for treatment of manic-depression has been re
ported very successful. Within the last three weeks
(June 83) there have also been large successes
reported for treatment of individuals addicted to
alconol via application of lithium
erican physicians were excessively cautious
ause of disastrous results when applications of
ithium were substituted for sodium in treatment of
congestive heart failure. Several patients had died
before physicians had realized the toxicity of
ithium in a patient deprived of sodium. Because of
his misfortune, lithium's use in the United States
vas delayed approximately ten years, though it was
Ised in Europe and Australia earlier.
In esoteric writings, it's stated that Planet
Teptune rules the 3rd Eye (6th chakra) and its metal
+ lithium. This opens the pathway to higher
onsciousness or more "human potential release."
ithium is an essential constituent of every cell in a
ealthy human body. It is utilized in the building
bre of cell walls of every cell and is one of the main
gredients in the covering sheath of outgoing nerve
ndings. Lithium is the primary ingredient of
ossover from etheric to physical in human
via the conception
and governing
teridians. This has been checked and confirmed by
radionic practitioners.
scovered information for acupuncture, though
lis art has been practiced over 5,000 years. How
any of you are aware that when the hydrogen
ambs were dropped over Japan in 1945, the residue
roduet remaining after the hydrogen and oxygen
oms were smashed together at great pressure was
ium? Is it possible the success of Japan's
anical progress could have been influenced by
le lithium materials floating downward through
space to their islands? Lithium ore dust is being used
as part of materials for dental fillings; it assists to
keep patients' meridians aligned in dental research.
Towards the very end of a T.V. program I was
watching early one Saturday P.M. almost five years
ago, a statement was made that strongly called my
attention: "that fresh water pools rose up out of the
salt water in an area around Bimini. Folks who
bathed in these fresh water pools had their skin
cancer healed within days. When the fresh water
was analyzed, it was
percentage of lithium, noted it contained a high
Until that moment in time, I had never even heard
the word LITHIUM and had no idea what it meant.
That began the quest to know and understand
lithium — first the dictionary and then a visit to local
rock shops. The greatest surprise of all then
happened... there was a large lithium mine iocated
in the mountains on an Indian reservation only
twenty miles from the town in which I've dwelled
for twenty-eight years on and off. Seasonal tours
were conducted each Saturday and Sunday and I
signed up for one. As part of the tour, one was
allowed to dig in
the tailings dump. The main
actraction at the tailings dump was the search for
tourmaline — a precious gemstone containing 1-141%6
lithium. I later found out tourmaline was used in
atomic submarines and nuclear warheads as well as
jeweiry. Tourmaline is the second fastest conductor
of electricity upon the planet, being surpassed only
by the numan mind. There were huge piles oflovely
blue/violet " rocks" all around the tailing dump that
everyone seemed toignore. The color of their beauty
strongly attracted me and so began my love affair
with lithium crystals/ores/minerals. I brought
varying samples home and had Kirilian photo-
graphs taken. The ore's energy was strong enough to
show up on the finished printed photograph as three
tiny magenta colored, heart-shaped figures from the
sample of blue/violet ore called lepidolite. I
remembered reading in a book called "Vibrations"
that told of color teachings/ writings of Dinshah and
of the special value of the color MAGENTA: "The
two remaining colors, green and magenta, form the
"North' and 'South' poles respectively of the circle
and constitute not affinities but dual primal forces of
the same energy working as a single factor, like the
poles of a magnet. Dr. Mae Naughton refers to them
as representing the 'Primary Force' and 'Kundalini"
respectively."
Chis was the silent signal there was something
very special about this ore energy and so began the
"lithium project." (Magenta color
represented
"primal ground force vital energy!!!") During the
first mine tour visit. I also observed the foliage
around the mine and tailings dump was exception-
ally tall, large, and very green. Whereas other
similar plant growth was high desert 12"-14*
stubbie. The young miners who lived close to their
age 16
ENERGY UNLIMITED #15, POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 898, "chars": 5720, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
work in trailers had planted a garden. The tomato
plants were over ten feet tall and the corn plant
stalks towered at twelve feet. THis was in the latter
part of October when the normal growing season
had long since ceased. Watermelons harvested in
December, though small in size, were sweet and
tender.
I decided something special had to be affecting the
ground for this type of plant growth to occur. 1
started using some of the lepidolite crystals as a type
of fertilizer on my patio and sent similar crystals to
fellow researchers around the U.S. to note effects in
their area.
A dear
friend in Chicago, who had received
several batebes, greeted me at the Dayton USPA
Conference with loving comment: "For - sakes,
don't send me any more of those purple rocks"
that he understands more of their workings. I feel he
may have changed his mind
At the same time. recorded research data was
obtained for work done with avocado groves in
Fallbrook. California. The lithium ore was encased
in cloth wrappings and secured all around the
outside of the irrigation pipes that watered the
groves. One grove was watered separately with a
different pipe and kept as a control. The water
rushing through the pipes created
an energy
current that picked up the "frquency" charge from
the lithium crystals. The main important changes
noted were: 1) the blossom set increased from 75% to
90%. 2) the nutrition
of the fruit improved
approximately 22% in just a three-month period
The grove that was not treated and which was used
as a control became pleasantly contaminated in a
positive way as the healthy charge from the treated
groves leeched over into the untreated grove. This
was our first recorded experiment of the lithium
crystals' contribution to agriculture,
Concurrently, appropriate application with lepid-
olite crystals was tested with human energy and
beginning affects were noted that greatly con-
tributed toward balancing or centering. Because
lithium has both left or right polarity swing. a
multitude of report results were noted merely by
carrying crystais in left pocket, sort of like filling in
several different blanks, depending upor the
specific need of the individual. Hyperactive children
acted more relaxed or calm, as crystals afforded
more grounding energy support.
Some of the
lepidolite crystals were ground into dust-type
substance and sprinkled on drop of coloriess nail
polish in the center of each toe nail and allowed a
grounding support energy for individual for up to
two weeks. Fragmented type personality individ-
uals blended more towards center/balancing with
the lepidolite crystal grounding support also. Some
of the lepidolite ore was sewn inside 14" cloth
squares which research volunteers carried on their
person or tucked under their pillow during sleep. (I
suggest a maximum exposure to any crystal no more
than 18 hours a day in your aura or a maximum of g
hours exposure
• if sleeping with the crystal's
radiation. The body needs a certain amount of time
every day to be totally alone with itself.) One
research volunteer, female, approximately 55 years
of age, insists wearing the cloth packet in her left bra
cup cured her constipation probiem. Another
volunteer, male, age 42, who truly fitted the title of
"Space Cadet." upon carrying a packet in his left
became more
grounded, relaxed and
balanced in his everyday function via occupatior.
and home family life.
From the writings of J.G. Gallimore, I noted. "one
out of three peole are born 'sensitives'." Very few
folks have understanding of this happening and the
few who are affected realize little about it. It's as if
certain folks have DC wiring and sense all energy
flow with no filter whereas the other two of the
three are born with AC current Use of the cloth
covered lithium crystal packets tucked in the left bra
cup of two ladies naturally born sensitive gave
grounding support and they no longer felt hyper.
William Conners, who has done vast research
work with tone and number harmonics, found thai
lithium has a fundamental harmonic that resonates
with every note of the musical scale. I feel thisis why
lithium offers such diversity in its many varied
areas of application
Lepidolite, the blue/violet "rock" (the lithium
crystal I found so attractive in color during my first
visit to a lithium mine), was found to resonate with
5th or throat chakra. (The thyroid/throat area is
where all the electric potential is stored for the
physica] body.) An eight-year-old psychic male child
shared that lepidolite "calls the healing angels for
human beings:
angels for plants quartz crysias "call the healing
I am not sure how many of you may be familiar
with Professor Louis C. Kervran's research work
done in France over the last twenty-five years.
which he referred to as "biological transmutation."
(Prof. Kervran died Feb. "83.) He discovered that in
nature transmutation occurs. One natural element
can change into another, The results obtained have
nothing to do with the reaction of nuelear physics
since biological transmutation involves neither
fusion nor fission. Kervran referred to it as a science
different from chemistry; it precedes chemistry or
molecular state. Prof. Kervran's hypothesis of
transmutation, which realized there is always a
modification (in the nucleus of the atom) equal to
the displacement of a hydrogen nucleus or an
oxygen nucleus, suggests new insight into the role of
both these vital elements. Those familiar with
Dinshah's discoveries and writings know that over
50 years ago he expressed his theory that the only
two true elements were oxygen and hydrogen; at
that time Dinshah was not 100% sure that even
ENERGY UNLIMITED +15, POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176
Page 17

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 3790, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hydrogen was a true element.
After working with lithium crystal and observing
its effects. I feel hydrogen is more a transitory state
and not an element in our present known definition
of an element. I strongly feel that lithium is the main
connection from the etheric plane on into the
physical piane and thatit is the primary formation of
tuman life via our nervous system — the entrance
in," so to speak. The "entrance back out" is adequate
lithium suply in our system to allow the natural
opening of the 3rd Eye (our pathway to higher
consciousness or to more
"human potential
release." "Hang-ups" or subconscious fears lessen
the lithium production by the anatomy and various
forms of self-destruction replace the higher con-
possibilities. I liken the ingredient
lithium to the numan body. as a wick to a candle
One still has to lignt the flame: however. the basic
ingredients must first be available for the flame to
burn. Aldous Huxley's "Doors of Perception"
offer insight to research specialists presently
working in this area. It has to do with how
adrenochrome is broken down and transmuted by
the body. Those of you familiar with Nicola Tesla
and who may have read his biography "Prodigal
Genius
- were you not curious why Tesla
developed his habit of hyperventilating in early
ith and why he continued doing so all of his adult
29? I feel Tesla was transmuting his own lithium
manufacture to keep his higher consciousness
pathway door clear and open. Somehow, I feel his
hyperventilating burned up impure carbons and
sulphurs that otherwise might mineralize, causing
complications and collecting in the physical ana-
tomy, creating "short circuits."
I forewarned at
beginning of this
presentation that I am offering very general
information. Those of you who are specialists and
experts should now have some very specific "seeds"
to pursue answers which will greatly benefit many
of mankind. Lithium offers many, many solutions to
• very vast range of human imbalances - it can
estore balance and health.
the four-plus years of the "lithium
" we found seven individual lithium crystals
hat could mechanically activate the seven major
These lithium crystals also assisted the
blunteer researchers in specific areas with prob-
ems they'd not before been able to solve. (Seldom is
here a single problem in the physical body. Very
ubtlely it is but an indication of inter-connection to
lisaligned nerve connections and the most severely
fflicted areas focus üirst.)
The research with each of these specific lithium
ystals was applied in many different ways. I will
are single reporting of each:
ryphane: By sleeping with the crystal during
ght-time restoration of the body occurred. Its
5
4
Tth - Rose-lepidolite
6th - Tryphane
5th - Lepidolite
2
4th - Kunzite.
(Pala Pink)
tourmaline
3rd - Petalite
2nd - Royal Azel
1st - Hiddenite
Chakra and Lithium crystal(s)
effect was found to erase the action-track patterns
held in the white matrix area of brain that were no
longer essential for the highest good of the
individual
Royal Azel: It activated the spleen area and
assisted the
interconnection contact to again
activate the thymus gland (youth gland) which
greatly dissolves excess friction and supports whole
nervous system.
Lepidolite: Earlier mentioned as a contact to the
5th chakra, it reduces stress (stress takes many
forms; high blood pressure is one of the greater
offenders). This area is the seat of the human
emotions and these lithium crystals created more
balance or allowed more "humaness." It greatly
eases depression for those who suffer from mood-
swing chemical imbalances in anatomy.
Hiddenite: It affects the Ist (root or base) chakra
cravelling downward to minor chakras in the leg(s)
age 18
ENERGY UNLIMITED •15, POB 35631 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. 87176

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 872, "chars": 5510, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and knees), plus upward contact to the parotid
gland located in the cheek area of the face. (The
parotid is where human anger is stored.) This
lithium crystal eases relief in small puffs rather than
huge smoke explosions.
Tourmaline (Pala Pink): It was found to bring
balance to the emotional body of the heart chamber,
much as one could imagine two velvet gloved hands
stroking and soothing
Petalite: It activated the 3rd Chakra which brings
in the "Christ Consciousness" or "Faith" area. Its
centering action is via the gut area.
Kunzite: His strongly tied in with the 4th Chakra.
Its frequency also assisted to align the heart, throat
and ajana (mid-brow) centers. It gives very strong
supportive energy to the heart chambers
Rose colored
translucent lepidolite (Brasil):
Honed the 7th Chakra and blended the other
individual six lithium crystals into major chakra
alignment.
Approximately three months after completing the
series of seven indivdiual lithium crystals to
mechanically activate the seven major chakras. a
single crystal came forth that did the work of all
seven lithium crystals within a twenty-four hour
period. It is called *Golden C!" It is a combination of
both lithium and beryllium and comes from freak
deposit in nature. It was named by a lady in San
Anselmo for its rarity; it cannot be found described
in any gemstone book. Its radiation color is pure gold
light. It also affords marvelous assistance to rid the
aura of "Uninvited Guests" and it releases them to
the "LIGHT."
It does the same for radionic
instruments.
The last part of June 1983 dealt with two more
lithium crystals. Polylithionite
works via the
base/root chakra and the adrenals and. when
utilized with radionic instruments, protects the
patient from becoming stripped of minerals in
treatment. Much more research testing is required
before this lithium crystal can be made available.
The other new crystal is Amblygonite, a facetable
material first located in Brazil in 1975 in newly found
deposits. This contains an extremely high vibration
- possibly around the 13th chakra. There has not
been enough research work done yet to share any
more about this erystal. Therefore, it is not available
for others to use at this time
There are many more uses and applications for
lithium crystals today. I wished to present a general
over-view of what is available already as "tools" that
may assist the suffering human towards balance
naturally! There is a vast range to be explored in
lithium research which will bring forth almost
immediate solutions compared to the "tools" we've
had to work with in the past. Specialists in the field
of research will be aided greatly by allowing lithium
to fill in some of their blanks.
Along with the crystal research during the
"lithium project." we also worked with AQUAL
ITHIA is diamagnetically negatively charged high
grade tellurian water. I1 remains stable after long
exposure to light, though storage away from heat
and metals insures even longer shelf life. A few
drops (pendulum checked) is added to an 8 oz. glass
of regular water; wait 5 minutes and then drink. It
causes the body to become almost like a sponge that
absorbs more natural healing color rays from the
sun. It acts as a natural chelator for the body
dislodging lead, cadium and other toxic metals from
system. It removes plaque from the arteries and
waste is discharged naturally, with no side affects. It
unlocks the "gates" for trace minerals residing
dormantly within the body to again activate so they
may complete their natural intended functions.
Sprayed upon aching joints or
heat burn, it
immediately removes the pain. It almost imme
diately removes jet lag from the weary traveler by
realigning all the body meridians If one has
consumed too much alcohol in happy celebration.
the alcoholic affects can be removed and the
individual will be totally sober in five minutes; this.
of course, eliminates hangovers. Spray mist of
AQUALITHIA in the face creates a "natural high."
It delays the break down/decay of fruit/vegetable
an additional 3-5 days or longer. İt revitalizes kitchen
cooking oil - yes. this water and oil mix!!! I1
neutralizes allergies to cosmetics for men and
women. It provides a natural deodorizer for room
freshener and even for cat boxes. When encased in a
small pyrex bulb and stroked across the mid-throat
area, it acts as a stress reducer. When transplanting
seedlings for replanting in ground, it prevents shock
so the plant is allowed 2-3 days advance growth.
Sprayed in the mouth, it clears onion and
Both lithium crystals/ores/minerals and AQUAL-
ITHIA display some very unusual nitrogen-fixing
properties that eliminate the need for artificial
fertilizers and pesticides in agriculture. Althe same
time that applications benefit growth and nutrition
of the plant, it also is balancing soil for future use
(With use of lithium "tools,
" what naturally would
require one full year from Mother Nature can be
completed in three months.)
Because of lithium's ability to interact with
normally inert nitrogen and its interaction with
hydrogen. I've chosen to consider LITHIUM - THE
ULTIMATE COMPOUND via its workings with
Thank you for your kind attention and for
allowing me to share with you today. I again wish to
acknowledge all the individual researchers who
made today's presentation possible! There is now a 5-
minute question/answer period available before the
"lithium crystal(s)/chakra demo!!!
ENERGY UNLIMITED #15. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. 87176
Page 19
