{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:20:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1150771, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125139-south-african-air-force-ufo-crash-1989.pdf", "source_sha256": "c8b8386a35def5784321ae667fc27990456cca1d87496dfa6551579de854bace"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 447, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8. 001-0584
SOUTH AFRIÇAN AIR FORCE
CLASSIESKR IRE BEGRET - D2 NOT ETULDE
DEPARTHENT OF SPECIAL INVESTIOATIOIS AID RESEARCH '(031R)
DEPARTMENT OF AIR FORCE INTELLIGCICE (DAPS)
1 May 1508
Unfantites Flying doject.
SJECT
CODE
HAKE
FILE NAGER:
DESTINATIOS:
0092
SMATED CINDIE
RCETRICTED ACCESS:
- Pratorta
SOUTH AFRICAR:
AIR FORCE
RED/TOP BEERIT
11Tuefnated Bine
ROCITY CODE:
SPEETACH LOT
DEIZUCE COMPUTER PASS CODE - PROCEED NETA CAUTION
CONTENTE C

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2752, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'puring the firat week in July I recelved corespondence from Me.X
which stated that & UPO had crashed in the Kalahari Desert and had
been recovered by a
team of South African Military personnel to a
secret A1r force base. He also informed me that two live allen
entities had been found in the craft. The Information also stated that
a group of American Military personnel had arrived and had taken over
investigation. He stated that he would forward a copy of the
offietal South African Top Secret document to me but would send
it
later in a letter which would not contain any detalls of the sender int
case the letter was intercepted. (S11de 2)
A week later I received the document which consisted of five pages and
was headed with the South African Air force crest. Every page of the
document was marked Top Secret. (Slide 3)
The stosy told by the document was as follows:
(Slide 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
At 1.45pm. on the 7th. May, 1989 a Naval Frigate of the South Africar
navy
waS
at sea when it contacted Naval Headquarters to report an
unidentified flying object on their radar scope, heading towarda the
South African continent in a North Westerly direction at a calculated
speed of • 5746 nautical miles per hour. This message was. acknowledged
and confirmed that the object was also being tracked by airborn radar
and military ground radar installations.
The object entered South African airspace at 1.52pm. and at this time
radio contact was attempted but to no avail. As a result tvo Mirage
jet fighters were scrambled on an intercept course.
At 1.59pm. Squadron leader ------- the pilot of one of the Mirage
fighters stated over the intercom
that they had radar and visual.
confirmation. of the craft. The order was given to arm and fire the
Thor 2 experimental laser canon. This was done..
(Thor 2 is a Top Secret experimental beam weapon)
The Squadron Leader reported several blinding flashes eminating from
the object which had started wavering and it started to decrease speed
and altitude at the rate of
feet per minute. It eventually
crashed at a 25 degree angle into the dessert in Botswana
A recovery team was dispatched to the crash site where, it was found
that the UFO was embedded in the side of a large crater in the sand.
The sand in the vicinity of the object was fused together due to. the
Intense heat. One telescopic leg protruded from the side of the craft
as if caused
by the impact..
Large recovery helecopters were flown to the site and the first one
reaching the scene overflew the object at a height of 500
feet and
Immediately stalled and crashed. Five crew members were killed. It was
found that vehicles approaching the object also developed engine
trouble due to an intense electro magnetie field coming froa the
object.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2046, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ventually a paint like compound was received at the Site and painted
on-the object which appeared to neutralise the magnetic field.
the object was eventually conveyed to an Air Force Base and was taken
to the dixth level underground. At this time 1 was totally intact.
wallet this was going on the American Team from Wright Patterson APB
argives.
Whilet the recovary team and scientlats were mulling over the object
their attention was suddenly attracted to a noise from the side of
the
craft. They noticed that an opening had appeared in the side. It was a
doorway but had only opened to a small gap. Attempts were made to open
, door but without success so hydraulic pressure gear was used
once the door open•
As soon as the d.or opened two small allen entitles staggered out and
vere immediately arrested by security personnel
present: A makeshift
medical holding area was set up. One of the entities appeared to be
seriously injured but doctors withdrew when one of them was attacked
by.: one
of
the aliens.
The attacked doctor received severe deep
cratches to the face and chest from the clave ot the alien. (Slide 8
grangements vere made for the Fo and the aliens to be transported to
gne Patterson AFB, Dayton Ohio; USA.
le cargo was flown out in two Galaxy C2 Aircraft on the 23rd. June
989 accompanied by the American Air Force personnel,
a result of this information a person who will remain unnamed
telephoned
the South African
AFB where the Mirage Fighters had been
scrambled.
This man was a Private Investigator in America for many
years and
therefore well versed in speaking American. He asked to be
connected
to Squadron Leader
...
conversation went as
follows:
that Squadron Leader....
Yes.
QUESTION.
This is General Brunel speaking from Wright Patterson. I
have the document in front of me code named
••
REBLY. Yes.
QUESTION. I am confused, this document does not say how many times
you fired at the object.
BPLY. Who did you say you were air.
QUESTION.
forward question, how many toes did you froe at dee darn ching.
a straight

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 1998, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REPLY.
I fired once sir, could you hang on so that I can go to a
life phone.
bURSTION. That won't be recessary Squadron Leader, you have told me
hat I wanted to know goodbye.
the meantime military personnel were contacted in America to try to
ind out what was happening at Wright. Patterson AFB.
REPLY.
Can't get
any information about arrival of UFO but
atablished that Wright Patterson was put on Red Alert on 23rd. June,
1989. (This 1s the day the UFO was proported to be shipped to Wright
Patterson.)
July 31st, this year our informant arrived in this country and by
arrangement took up temporary residence with Dr. Henry. He
formed us that he was on route to Wright Patterson AFB on a military
ssion and would depart on the 6th.August. He contacted the South
rican Embassy from Dr Henry's home to let them know where he was
aying in case they needed
to contact him.
cement to us confirming his story. (Slide 9)
He later made a sworn
had photographs taken with us (Slide 10. 11. 12.)
vere informed that various hiroglyphics were found inside the craft
nd stated that the military had been able to decipher them. (Slide
" Dr. Will talk about this.
also did a drawing of the interior of the craft and the general
yout
+ DIA
also showed us and permitted us to photograph two NASA passes which
, for his use at Wright Patterson AFB
this time we made contact with a second intelligence offider in
outh Africa who spoke to Dr. Henry personally. This officer told
us
hat he had
seen and had access to
series of black and white
hotographs of the captured aliens and their craft and a 50 page telex
sage from Wright Patterson AFB relating to the recovery of the UFO:
atressed how dangerous it would be to get the papers but stated
hat he would forward a set of the black and white photographs and a
opy: of the telex as soon as he was able.
of the named American personnel who was present at the retrieval
later spoken to at Wright Patterson
AFB by Dr Henry at the
gEtment. (Henry Will speak about this)
