{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T20:06:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5905406, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125276-cejka-hmit-vector-potential-research.pdf", "source_sha256": "6abe08f1479d69019ed42087ee91884f9a7a0ff9f56c3f49c6531c2419791f50"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 246, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
8204-2)

HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE
OF
HOME YWELL/MIT VECTOR POTENTIAL RESEARCH

Ay

Raymond C. Gelinas
and
J. Bostock

April 1982

Bac’.yground Material For DARPA Presentation

Honeywell

ELECTRO-OFPTICS OPERATIONS
2 Forbes Rd.

Lexington, MA 02173

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 2102, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Early theories of electricity and magnetism rested on the classical
experiments of Oersted, Faraday, Ampere, Bfot, and Savart, Ohm, and Volta.
These early theories postulated that electromagnetic potentials exist and that
these quantities have physical significance. Such a view seemed natural at the
time and provided the most direct approach to developing theoretical models to
explain experimental results. For example, Ohm's law states that the conduc-
tion current in a closed circuit is proportional to a definable and calculable
scalar potential difference.
Faraday made the crucial discovery that electrical fields could be
induced by changing magnetic fields. Earlier, he had observed the orderly
patterns that fron filings made on a sheet of paper which is placed near a bar
magnet. He concluded that the presence of a magnetized (or electrified) body
creates a physical distortion in the space surrounding the body. Faraday held
the view that the "lines of force" in the space surrounding the magnet consti-
tuted a physically real field. He also held that the potentials, from which
this field could be derived, had physical significance much as a gravitational
potential was considered as having physical significance.
Thus, in the early 19th century theoretical physicists perceived the
scalar and vector potentials as the source, or cause, of the phenomenon of
electricity and magnetsm.
Until 1860 the physics of electric and magnetic phenomena were
expressed in several scattered equations. These were: Coulomb's law which
modeled the force between two charged bodies, Ampere's law which modeled the
relation between electric currents and magnetic fields, and Faraday's law which
expressed the dynamic relation between a changing magnetic field and an elec-
tromotive force. In addition, the more general Gauss's law and expressions for
the divergence and curl of flow parameters were avalable fron hydrodynamic
theory. It had also been observed that for closed circuits magnetic flux lines
always close on themselves (toe. the divergence of a magnetic field is always
zero).
1
8204-21

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1964, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In 1860 James Clerk Maxwell organized this disparate set of equations
into a unified system of differential equations. The Maxwell equations consist
of:
• Gauss's law of electrostatics,
• Faraday's law,
• zero divergence of the magnetic field, and
• a modified form of Ampere's law whereby Maxwell added a new
"displacement current" term that generalized Ampere's Taw to
include effects of changing electric fields.
The Maxwell system not only summarizes all that was known about electric and
magnetic effects at that time but also predicts an enormous number of phenomena
not then explained, including electromagnetic radiation. Needless to say,
practical application of Maxwell's equations has had a profound economic and
social impact since their formulation.
Given Maxwell's equations, the modeling of electromagnetic effects
reduces to the mathematical problem of finding solutions for Maxwell's equa-
tions under appropriate boundary conditions. The process of finding such solu-
tions can be approached either by solving Maxwell's equations directly for the
fields or by first casting them into potential form, solving these potential
equations and then finding the fields by differentiating. In the latter case
where the boundary conditions involve a source distribution of currents, a
vector potential is used and in the last stage of the calculation the magnetic
field is found from the vector potential by applying the differential operation
of curl. Also, in this method of solution a scalar potential is used for
expressing conditions of a distribution of source charges, and in the last
stage of the calculation the electrostatic field is found from the scalar
potental by applying the differentfal operation of gradient.
From the outset, solutions using the potentials played a dominant
role in electromagnetic theory primartly because their use often served to
reduce the computational problem to a purely mathematical exercise. However,
2
8204-21

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2628, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
since the basts of Maxwell's equations rested on direct observations of elec-
tric and magnetic fields and not on the potentials, for a very long time the
primary concern of classical electromagnetic theory was the modeling of elec-
tromagnetic fields; the potentfals were regarded as strictly mathematical
objects. Giving a clear interpretation to the potentials was not felt to be
important in classical electromagnette theory despite the fact that they were
used frequently, and that for a large class of source conditfons, the Maxwell
model predicts local electromagnetic field-free regions that have calculable,
non-zero potentials. Note that in these local regions of electromagnetic
field-free potentials, a classical charged test body will not be subject to
forces of electromagnetie origin; only in those regions of space where a poten-
tial yelds an electromagnetic field will a charged classical test body be sub-
ject to a force. On an observational basis, then, classical electromagnetic
theory ascribes physical significance only to those symbols in its model that
refer to effects of force on classical charged test bodies. This restriction
grounds the model firmly in the experimental results displayed by classical
test bodies. Thus, so long
as the electromagnetic potentials had no experi-
mental basis for their physical significance their existence as simple mathe-
matical tools represented a rather satisfactory interpretation of theory.
However, from a different point of view, relegating the potentials
to the limbo of mere mathematical convenience had then, as also today, implica-
tions that are far from satisfactory. This difficulty arises when Maxwell's
system of equations is reduced to a form consistent with classical mechanies.
Since Maxwell's equations predicted effects of force on a charged test body.
then the field equations should be able to yield such basic mechanical quanti-
ties as momentum, energy, torque, angular momentum, etc. Following such a pro-
gram yields the result that in a consistent treatment the classical mechanical
momentum of a charged particle must be replaced by a "dynamical momentum" that
involves the vector potential in a direct and unavoidable way. In particular,
the dynamical momentum consists of the ordinary mechanical momentum of the test
body to which is added the product of the vector potential and the test body
charge. Now, in classical mechanics the momentum is the most basic of physi-
cally significant quantities. If the vector potential is a mere mathematical
artifice, then what is the physical significance of the dynamical momentum
3
8204-21

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2486, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
which is composed of the sum of a clearly physically meaningful quantity (i.e.
the ordinary momentum) and a mathematical device (fe. the vector potential)?
This question cannot be resolved within the framework of classical theories
since the results of classical mechanical calculations can always be framed in
terms of electric and magnetic field effects. From this position one can only
hold fast to the classical experimental results that in electromagnetic field-
free regions the vector potential will not produce a force on a classical test
body-
Starting at the turn of the century a "new" mechanics, quantum
mechanics, was developed. This new mechanies is more general than classical
mechanics and predicts a wide range of phenomena that have no classical
analogs. In a certain sense as pointed out by Brillouin, quantum mechanics
extends, at least in mathematical structure, classical mechanics fn a way
rather similar to the way in which wave optics extends classical geometric
optics. Since quantum mechanics is above all a mechanics, a quantum treatment
of electromagnetic phenomena must be expressed in terms of the dynamical momen-
tum involving the vector potential. In general, quantum theories of elec-
tromagnetic effects require the explicit representation of the electromagnetic
potentials, and every effort to replace the potentials by Maxwell's field vari-
ables in a consistent way has resulted in failure. Indeed, quantum mechanics
has predicted a number of effects that, while experimentally observable, cannot
be interpreted fn terms of classical forces.
Quantum mechanics, therefore,
offers the possibility of models in which the electromagnetic potentials have
physical significance in quantum processes even though they would not be
observable by classical means.
The issue was brought into sharp focus in a paper by Ehrenberg and
Siday that appeared in the 1949 Proceedings of the (London) Physical Society.
Ehrenberg and Siday realized that the development of electron microscopy tech-
nology required a theory that would predict the "electron index of refraction".
To this end they set about establishing a theory of the electron refractive
index from quantum mechanics in which the electrons were treated as an ensemble
of DeBroglie waves. One of the conclustons they drew was that in electron-
optics the vector potential plays a significant role in determining the
electron refractive index and that it could not be replaced by the magnetic
4
8204-21

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2273, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
field and still maintain a consistent theory. They also pointed out that the
phase of the DeBroglie wave of the electron should be affected by the vector
potential in a region of space without magnetic field*
• and suggested an
electron interference experiment which could confirm this prediction.
In this proposed experiment the DeBroglie waves of the electrons
would be split by wavefront, or amplitude, division and later be recombined.
Between the interferometer legs a magnetic flux bundle would be placed such
that only the field-free vector potential, circulating around the flux bundle
could interact with the electron waves. The basic idea is that the field-free
vector potential passing through one of the interferometer legs would shift the
phase of the DeBroglie wave differentially with respect to those in the other
interferometer leg. This would result in a shift in the placement of the elec-
tron interference pattern much like the optical effect of a wedge placed across
a Young's two slit interferometer affects the fringe placement.
Ten years later Aharonov and Bohm observed that Ehrenberg and Siday's
work implied that, contrary to the results of classical theory, the vector
potential has physical significance albeit only in the quantum domain. They
devoted considerable discussion to the proposition that the physical signifi-
cance of the electromagnetic potentials in the quantum domain follows from
first principles, and proposed a number of experiments to prove this. A
variety of field-free vector potential experiments was subsequently performed,
all using electron beam interferometer devices. While the results of these
experiments seemed to confirm Aharanov and Bohm's thesis, they are not
considered conclusive; 1.e. the electron beam interferometer type of experiment
is very difficult to do primarily because the DeBroglie wavelength of the
electrons is very small, and stray magnetic field can interfere with the
result.
The possibility that the electromagnetic potentials have physical
significance was suggested by another development. Following the discovery of
superconductivity by Kamerlingh-Onnes, London proposed a quantum theory of
* Such a situation will, herein, be designated as a "field-free vector poten-
tial".
8204-21
5

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2398, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
superconductivity fn which the vector potential plays a dominant role. The
inftial task of London's theory was to provide an explanation for two remark-
able effects found in superconductors. The first effect is the disappearance
of ordinary electrical resistance and the second is that superconductors wf11
expel an externally applied magnetic field in what appears to be a display of
perfect diamagnetism (Meissner effect) -
London approached the problem of superconductivity by considering the
possibility that at sufficiently low temperatures the conduction electrons of
some metals can become organized into a Bose-like condensate. Under these con-
ditions the electrons form a collective entity and move as a single unit in
momentum space. Using a quasi-classical formalism, London was then able to
construct a phenomenological model of the superconducting state that explained
many of its properties. In London's model, a superconductor can accommodate a
magnetic field only on its surface to a depth of about a thousand angstroms;
thus, a supercurrent can flow only on a thin layer of surface of the supercon-
ductor. But, according to London's model such a supercurrent density is
proportional to the vector potential and not (as in Ohm's Taw) to an electric
field. A consequence of this result is that if a circulating supercurrent 1s
started in a ring shaped superconductor by placing it in an external magnetic
field, for example, then the supercurrent will persist indefinitely,
circulating around the surface of the ring. Effects thought to be due to such
persistent supercurrents have been experimentally observed.
London's model also explains the Meissner effect. For a bulk super-
conductor the presence of a magnetic field will induce surface supercurrents in
such a way as to exclude the magnetic field from the superconductor volume.
For a superconducting ring one would expect that a magnetic flux threading
through the center of the ring would be trapped by the induced supercurrents on
the ring surface. This effect does occur as predicted by London but in a way
that requires a quantum theory for its explanation: what happens is that the
magnetic flux is trapped only in quantized units of h/2e. (The transport
carrfers in the Bose-like state are pairs of electrons of charge 2e.) Since
the superconductor expels magnetic flux from fts interfor, the supercurrent
8204-21
6

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2478, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
flows on the ring surface, not in the interior of the ring. However, in the
body of the ring there can exist a curl-free vector potential. London's theory
shows that throughout this region the curl-free vector potential is related to
the phase of the quantum wave function that describes the state of the electron
condensate. Since the quantum wave function is pertodic, the quantum relation
requires that the line integral of the curl-free vector potential taken around
the ring back to its starting point must yield the wave function phase in
multiples of 2. Such a closed line integral of vector potential yields the
magnetic flux that is enclosed in the ring. Thus, in order for the quantum
phase to exist in a stable configuration, the trapped flux may exist only in
whole multiples of a basic quantum unit of magnetic flux.
Summarizing, from the point of view of London's quantum model, the
Meissner effect is just a consequence of the supercurrent density being pro-
portional to the vector potential together with the general requtrement that
the difference between the vector potential at a point in the superconductor
and its average value at neighboring points (i.e. 72) be proportional to the
vector potential (A) itself.
This leads to the existence of surface
supercurrents and the exclusion of bulk supercurrents. That is, magnetic flux
quantization and persistent supercurrents in rings are both modeled as a
consequence of the vector potential and not of classical electromagnetic
fields. This result, which appears to be well confirmed expertmentally, gives
additional support to Aharanov and Bohm's thesis that the electromagnetic
potentials have physical significance in the quantum domain.
In another development in the early 1960s Josephson proposed the
possibility of superconducting pair tunneling between two superconductors
separated by a thin layer made of normal metal or insulating material. This
tunneling occurs because of an overlap of the bulk wavefunctions on either side
of the junction. Because the Josephson current arises as a result of a dif-
ference in phase between the two quantum wavefunctions on either side of the
Junctfon, this supercurrent occurs without a voltage developing across the
junction - a behavior in sharp contrast to normal ohmic conduction. According
to Josephson's model, the supercurrent density through the Junction is propor-
tional to the sine of a phase argument. This phase argument includes the line
7
8204-21

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2279, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
integral of the vector potential across the junction thickness, which must be
added if gauge invariance of the wavefunction is to be preserved. The effect
of a vector potential is to alter the Josephson current density in a periodic
manner with a monotonic change in vector potential. Thus, in the Josephson
process the vector potential from an external source passing through the
Josephson junction plays a major role. Whether or not this fs due to the
existence of vector potential, per se, however, is not clear since experiment-
ally the confirmation of Josephson's predictions has been accomplished by
immersing junctions in a magnetic field (and monitoring the periodic variation
of the zero-bias current) so that the line integral of the vector potential
yields the flux cutting the Junctfon.
A very elegant example of this type of experiment was performed in
the mid 1960s by Jaklevic, Lambe, Mercereau and Silver. In this experiment two
Josephson junctions were connected by superconducting ring segments. Such a
configuration, called a double junction superconducting interferometer, can be
regarded as a superconducting ring that is interrupted by two Josephson junc-
tions or, alternatively, as a single large Josephson junction with a hole taken
out of its center. Placing this device in a uniform magnetic field they
observed a diffraction modulated interference pattern in the zero-bias inter-
ferometer current with the interference peaks separated by the basic quantum
flux unit. Not only did this experiment confirm the Josephson relation but it
also demonstrated the single valuedness and long range coherence of the
superconducting pair wavefunction.
Long before the advent of Josephson junctions but following on the
work of Ehrenberg and Siday, Onsager commented (1953) that multiply-connected
superconductors such as the superconducting ring with its macroscopic quantiza-
tion of enclosed flux was another example of a system in which the behavior of
charged particles depends on magnetic flux which does not act directly on the
charge carriers. Jaklevic and coworkers realized that to the extent that their
interferometer approximated a superconducting ring, they could verify this
remark as well as perform a "clean" Aharonov-Bohm experiment.
8204-21
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2534, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To do this, a long thin solenoid was placed through the hole of the
Josephson Junction interferometer. As current was supplied to the solenoid a
magnetic flux was established inside the solenoid, and a field-free vector
potential was established outside the solenoid, but inside the interferometio
ring. The configuration was such that only the field-free vector potential
interacted with the Josephson Junctions; the junctions were isolated from
direct interaction with the magnetic flux from the solenoid. An external or
bias current was applied across the Josephson interferometer. Then, as the
current to the solenoid was increased, the zero-bias, or critical, current of
the interferometer rose and fell periodically. The experiment consisted of
exploring this value of critical current as a function of magnetic flux in the
solenoid, or, more directly, as a function of the vector potential circulating
outside the solenoid. The effect predicted and observed in this experiment was
a non-diffraction modulated interference pattern of the interferometer's criti-
cal current produced directly by the static vector potential. The cause of the
critical current pattern is a circulating supercurrent set up by the supercon-
ductor, itself, when placed in the vector potential field.
It is often said of this experiment that, since the electron pairs
not in a region of magnetic field still sense the vector potential of the
enclosed magnetic field, their quantum state (and therefore the induced ring
current) depend directly upon the vector potential; fe. the pair eigenstates
of the superconductor depend directly on the vector potential which, thus, must
have physical significance. On the other hand, ft should be remembered that
because the solenoid was surrounded by the interferometer loop, the line inte-
gral of the vector potential around the superconducting ring is equivalent,
just as in the classical Faraday experiment, to the enclosed flux cutting the
superconducting circuit. Thus, it is not clear if the static vector potential
or the enclosed flux is the primary causative agent in the observed interferom-
eter characteristic.
The key to understanding the response of the interferometer's criti-
cal current, and to seeing that this experiment is significantly different than
the (Aharanov-Bohm) electron beam interferometer experiments, is the circulat-
ing supercurrent generated by the superconductor, itself, when placed in the
vector potential field. Irrespective of the mathematical model used to
8204-21
9

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1666, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
describe this experiment (two interfering junctions or a superconducting ring),
It appears as if it is simply the differential of field-free vector potential
across the interferometer junctions which gives rise to this circulating cur-
rent. If this is fndeed the case, then an interferometer placed in a spatially
varying curl-free vector potential field should also show the characteristie
interferometer pattern as the amplitude of this field is increased and
decreased. Needless to say this would eliminate flux cutting as the causative
factor in the effect, and prove that a direct specification of the vector
potential is requfred to define the superconductor efgenstates.
The current experiments undertaken by Honeywell/MIT are designed to
test this hypothesis. In the experimental configuration a toroidal coil will
be placed far from the superconducting interferometer, thus providing a source
of nearly pure curl-free vector potential which varies across the interferom-
eter. Given an adequate self-inductance, the interferometer should generate a
circulating supercurrent, and thus its own magnetic flux inside the loop, caus-
ing the interferometer's critical current to exhibit an interference pattern as
a function of changing differential in vector potential field. As a cross-
check on the validity of the measurement, the "popped" flux in the loop will
also be monitored and correlated with these changes in the critical current.
Such an experiment should clarify the mechanism behind the persistent currents
in superconductors
as well as validating our current understanding of the
Josephson relations and their practical applications.
8204-21
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 516, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HONEIWELL CURL-FREE VECTOR POTENTIAL PATENTS
4,429,280
Apparatus and method for Demodulation of
a Modulated Curl-Free Magnetio Vector
Potential Field
4,429,288
Apparatus and Method for Modulation of a
Curl-Free Magnetic Vector Potent1al
Field
4,432,098
Apparatus and Method for Transfer of
Information by Means of a Curl-Free
Magnetic Vector Potential Fleld
4,447,779
Apparatus and Method for Determination
of a Receiving Device Relative to a
Tranemitting Device Utilizing a
Curl-Free Magnetic Vetor Potential
Field
