{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T12:00:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4681896, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125244-cejka-misc.pdf", "source_sha256": "bfbe15100c285941bcdf09a34a9f3d8c5c52a3f8aa50705ce6d74b0d06971685"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 657, "chars": 3846, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Power Fences EAt
The basic principle is simple:
Oppesite electric charges attract
one another when separated
they try to get back together. The
charges in this case are carried
on tiny water jets, which act as
conductors in the same way
copper wires de. When the fine
tubes that make up the fence's
mesh are filled with water, the
pressure forces some water out
microscopic holes in the tubes.
The lence is itsell electrically
charged: the charge causes elec.
trons in an exiting jet to move
back along the water and into
the fence. The jet breaks up into
droplets, which are now positive
since the electrons carry nega-
tive charges.
The force propeiling the posi-
live dropiets away from their
negative electrons is the wind.
When the water droplets fall to
Earth and out of the wind's path,
their charge flows through the
Microtube
Water dropiets
e power fence generates electricity
im the wind; electrically charged water
b are blown away from the fence.
all to Earth. Their positive charge
xt returns to the fence underground,
mpleting a circult that can be tapped.
[vin Marks has an idea for producing
energy that is novel, to say the least.
wants to build a metal mesh fence
100 miles long and over 300 feet high
I use it to draw power from the wind.
e power fence will, he claims, reduce
pollution and acid rain, make deserts
om, cool off the greenhouse effect and
wide jobs for the unemployed. Let him
Id 10 of them, and hell supply all the
ver the United States needs.
The surprising thing is that the propos
nakes sense. It is based on established
s of physics, and the fence can be built
1 conventional technology,
"Of course.
"says Marks.
"a six-thou-
d-mile fence is impractical. I'd advise
ng a plot sixty miles square and build.
a hundred parallel fences, each sixty
es long and separated by six-tenths of a
•" Asked how it will look, he replies:
will be like a suspension bridge. which
be beautiful."
Earth
ground and back to the fence-complet-
ing a circuit. It is this circuit that is tapped
"I've calculated that if the wind aver-
aged as much as twenty-five miles per
hour, every mile of lence could put out for-
ty megawatts," says Marks. "That mile
would cost about sixteen million dollars to
build." A conventional coal-fired power
plant produces 500 megawatts-the
equivalent of 12.5 miles. or $200 million
of fence-and can easily cost more than
half a billion dollars.
"After you build the power fence," says
Marks, "your fuel is free." Power now
costs from 10 to 30 cents per kilowalt-
hour, he says.
"With the power fence, it
would cost about a cent. If you sold the
power at the going rate, the profit would
make the fence self-financing after the first
few miles. All you have to pay for is main-
tenance and interest on the money you
borrowed to build it."
Some design details: The structure is
held up by towers that are 500 feet high, or
nearly as tall as the Washington Monu-
ment. Strung between them is a grid of
steel bars, which form rectangles. Each is
subdivided into a lattice of 4-inch squares,
and these are further divided—into sec-
tions four-tenths of an inch on a side-by
the mesh of perforated tubules the water
flows through and out of.
Making the Desert Bloom
What keeps the water flowing is gravity:
the water flows down from holding tanks
at the top of the fence. But how does
Marks propose to get the water up into the
tanks in the first place? He plans to use so-
lar-powered evaporators at the base. Ris-
ing through pipes, the water vapor con-
denses at the top.
"That means you can
use seawater," says Marks, "and vou get
distilled water coming out." This is how he
proposes to make the desert bloom.
Marks is not much of a capitalist. He
has donated the rights to his patent on the
power fence-and several other inven-
tions—to the nonprofit World Energy
Foundation.
-Michae! Lemonick

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3207, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ATRIuve of many wichties towards Any number of designers of when this law apparently
ве во-called "вирегатити)" їв чегу талус.
If a showily happening or poltergeistic
perpetual-motion machines
breaks down, unexpectedly,
poepondon is brought te their astention
think that they have heaten
in front of a large audience
they are inclised to smile eundescendingly
the second law of
as if in kympathy with lhoe who adorit
of engineers, more serious
that the event might have really happened
thermodynamics. Usually
attention is surcly warranted
They ture theit backs on the evidence; 'the flaw is obvious. But
bey just don't want to know; it dnesn't
fe their tidy paitem of physical laws.
Gone is the natural cariosity which
should surely be the birthright of every
light on this attirude, for ihere has been a
strong sendency, at any airca time, for
the scientis of the day to believe that
they knew nearly all of it, and that they
hoped to complete the rest within theit
In such a climale there is no room for
the supernatimal It does not esist. 1
Unexplained
phenomenon at
Savoy Place
by Prof. E. R. Laithwaite, DSC. PAD, FATEEE, CEc. FLEE
and the noise of the
t in the water, for it mea
magpeliam alone, but pever more than
man for the job rather
ike Gideoe chose the 200 men whe
ueady overthrew a whoi amy. I
When the time came so demonstrate
1f an event occurs it is, by delination, •
narural evest Whether or not kientists
can 'esplain" it using only wall esiablished
laws is another matier. If a phenomenon
occurs which looks as if a might extend
our knomledge of the universe just a
little further, no effers will be spared to
invesigne it. It is obviously a respectable
phenomenon. Rot if an event it observed
as a matter of policy and have demon
cylinder, so that it became simply she
sirated some preity asid pieces ef atsior of a conventional induction motor.
mould be made to roll continuously in a
will i hope that rraders will alie recog
He she T
ty when finding reysell in a sicuation
He same stater wincing
pumerotalion of metal objecte withle
approached a groap of final-year students
, at all, i asked each
class of degree he expected
The majoricy said botlom seccod
(we are a gregarious race
man for 1 was asking him to look far the
, to fighs the unbeatable foe
Contrailable quantities
We decided that there were at kall
four quantities which we could cretrol,
the his would streat arianty afet
the washer as the
i range of the malc
reltage which had a lig
need of the master al annichoff.
creatures mighs think of or do 1o him
There it a force in mature which
blackbird with while feathers has them
peinfully pecked out by ocher blackbirds
or is erta killed by hit own kind. We
much closer to the birds and
rel Lalthwaite at his In-
may have him cerised inue
travelling Beld, roll uprirsam': ie. in the
opposite direction to thar of ihe field
But suppose a happening it observed
beveral hundred people one
SATE
le might end his project with po more
ood for this part of his
oald also need courage. I had insied him
we had measured the room
preseetation of may inaugural address so
cater to th
et to tain but pair o
Ichrenica 2 Power Octeber 1971
the greatest was the kinetic energy of

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 784, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ok x 4P TGEE s2yyeepgsy. ettTE EGE: eH Lee i se
i Git GAT GE vienna oes ae a
$y +E fies gti cat? Ser eaiti Ge cirdattiesitey asi22! SH ite
et fait ity He ea pa
RANE i= fry \ ita re Hate ; EE as +3 tris ; |
aL: x siGsi fife st cyaabs 2e eg es = qs38 oti pc fiteiitpss . crag itis 3
if Hupeeh : : TE rezg2GE) a Piigt2ss ~EELGRS3 5-435 eFie Eites=
Ten ee gall
i HH Hh uj Lays hin iil Hild LFA Hila ny
i veri eda let ell Ht
HH ATH Whibley plas sspliche dguedpigt €32
Re pith HELE pr BnnRaH
Hib BAEC HBL ‘HHEHHED en tetelitiays tid 23 ifiiz ati abe ie
ii bz2¥eaz1233 Pet eb paca 22 p22 02 gegaeg voz Es JAETE Pigegeutegay
Hila iedatdi releet ti ad A RIe Rr Ret
nai ediagid THE bniilntel Hperieh ny
balghedigecesgssbe Gots! 23 ahuedite: GULhe te ete
HE ESHHNGnIE oT HITH HT Ha : UAH TH TEE

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3426, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Get 43
MAGNETIZER and DEMAGNETIZER
Is Fasily Built from Old Loudspeaker Coil
By WALTER E. BURTON
A SIMPLE magnetizer and demagnetizer operating
from & standard 115 volt A.C. line will make strong
magneta of files. screwdrivers. hammer heads, and
other toois in which magnetic properties are desir-
able. As a demagnetizer, it will erase all traces of
magnetism from lathe bits and other tools that some.
times become magnetized and pick up steel chips.
The unit consists of a solenoid, or a hollow coil of
wire, and a momentary-contact switch to control the
current. For the unit shown, the 6-volt field coil from
an old electrodynamic radio speaker was used with-
mit the iron core. which was driven out.
Any coil
that draws no more than 5 or 6 amp. on the 115-volt
lice and is of wire heavy enough to carry this current
for 30 seconds will do. In testing such a coil, connect
it in series with a 10-amp. fuse or an electric iron or
The photograph above shows the first step in
making
the magnetizer-demagnetizer.
The
core ai a disossemblad
loudipecker coil i
driven cut, leaving a hole 1's"
in diameter
heater to avoid blowing the line fuses.
If no coil is available, you can wind your own
sojenoid with salvaged magnet wire.
A satistactory
one can be made o! No. 18 enameled copper wire
wound in & coil 23," long and 1 deep on a thin-
walled tiber tube 1'" in diameter.
A momentary-contact switch that closes the circuit
only when depressed is required, as the coll must be
energized only 1/120 second-for half a ercle of the
60-cycle current-to magnetize a piece of steel, and
only a few seconds to demagnetize one.
To make this switch, cut a plece of broomstick to
fit easily inside a surface-mounting lamp socket and
to protrude about !." above the socket. Bend a !."
strip of copper or brass arnund one end forcing the
ends of the strip into slots in the wood. This will
short-circuit the contacts when inserted in the socket.
To the projecting end of the plug, fasten a disk of
plastic or wood, or a nonmetallic bottle cap. Slip a
short compressic spring over the plug against the
head. Insert the plug so that the spring rests on the
Insulated top of the socket. Pressure downward
A fiber or sheet-metal strip anchors the coil
to a base.
Note the plug that short-circuits
the socket and energizes the cail when pressed
makes contact, and the spring forces the piug up
when pressure is released, breaking the contact. Con-
nect this switch in series with the solenoid
Anchor the coll. ao that the hole is horizontal, with
Beiew, the unit being
used to demagnetize a
screwdriver.
The switch is hoid down so that
current flows steadily. and the tool withdrown
a strip of fber or metal bent around it and screwed
fast to a baseboard. If the strip is metal, put a layer
of asbestos or cardboard between it and the coil.
To magnetize s piece of steel, insert it in the coll
and press the button. A single, swift tap is enough.
To demagnetize a tool hold the button down and
draw out the piece while the current Is still Howing
Be sure all connections are soldered or clamped and
all terminals, joints, and wires adequately insulated.
Contacts are closed in
the improvised switch
at right when a wooden
WASHER TO
piug with a metal tip
SUPPORT
depressed.
A light
SORING
spring atherwise keeps
STRIP DO CAD
the plug out of contact
OF BRASS O7
COOPER
- CAD
1O SPRING
WOOD
LE CYLINDER
• SOCKET
N
LT
is
h
L:
15
ti
d
d.
- 00 00 5

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2519, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SYSTENS ENGINEERING: THE REICH ANSWER TO NUCLEAR WEAPONS, REACTORS, AND WASTE
The research of Wilhelm Reich describes the reaction of Orgone Energy to nuclear
materials--that 1s, 1t increases tremendously the rate of decay (half I1fe) of the
nuclear materials.
Thus, a nuclear weapons system, reactor pile, or waste area bom-
barded by Reich Orgone Energy would fall safe by losing its radioactivity potential
and becoming an inert mass. Fifteen minutes of exposure to Orgone Energy would re-
duce the core of a typical nuclear reactor to lead. This process would normally
take millions of years. Orgone Energy and nuclear radiation energy are perfect
ant1thet1cal systems and cancel each other out without harmful human or environmental
side effects of any kind.
The Orgone Energy Immersion system that would be most applicable to deactivating
nuclear systems of all types would be the Reich Accumulator Cloudbuster System. The
design for Cloudbusters 1s attached. The range of a large Cloudbuster 1s almost in-
finite, limited only by line of sight problems. The energy transfer functlons are
near linear unity and not the square of the distance losses of ordinary energy systems.
Simple construction and testing of a Cloudbuster on a nuclear sample w1ll convince
even the hardest skeptic that there 1s no real nuclear problem.
There was only a
technology gap between pro-nukes and ant1-nukes. Now that knowledge gap has diminished
to zero.
A secondary Issue that portable Cloudbusters would settle is the Government's
denial of the existence of UFOs, or flying saucers.
The Cloudbuster can shoot down
these officially nonexistent objects with ease.
Reich himself proved this fact thirty
years ago; the Government knows this. The saucers are very real and very earthly in
origin.
Their primary power 1s a nuclear reactor--thus the Cloudbuster can deactivate
them •
The Russian spy satellite with 1ts nuclear reactor powered radar over the Malvinas
1s typical of the nuclear farce. All the major powers are fully aware of the effect
of Orgone Energy on nuclear material.
An Orgone Energy sheld, easy and cheap to build, would render any country 1n-
vulnerable to nuclear attack.
Perhaps now the lying Government-financial-scient1f1c control elite will have to
face
and openly discuss reality.
THE NUCLEAR AGE IS ENDED.
I hereby give anyone permission to publish or copy all or any part of the above data.
4015 Grown Point Drive, P-3
San Diego, CA 92109
Richard LeFors Clark, Ph.D.
May 20, 1982
Richarde Fone Chale, Ah

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 442, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BX
CABLE
10 TUBE
CLOUD BUSTER
IRON OR BRASS PIPES
ORACES
Box
2 FT. 59,
BX CABLE
WATER
GROUND
NEVER-ToucH THE BARE METAL
USE ALUMINIM, USE MACHINE
UNEROUNDED TO WATER.
1 HOuR MAXIMUM WARKIE TiME
ORGaNE
ENERGY ACCUmULATOR
(ORACES)
ORACC
Box
MULTILAYERED
LAYERS OF:
WEED AR CELOTEX
Catten oR Rack weaL
FURTHER LAYERS oF
SAME SEÇAENCE OF
THESE MATERIALS
FOR GREATEA POTENTiALS
BARREL DESiG
ORIGINAL MODELS USED
TEN.
12 FT, LoNE, I$"
BRÁSS TUBES.
