{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:32:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 228069, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125240-cejka-patent-3783550.pdf", "source_sha256": "8f2723c09caa1551e8fd0b2319e4e5c6fe3786ddabcbb1c404b0adbab0605cff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1381, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent 1191
Andrews
[11]
1451
3,783,550
Jan. 8, 1974
[54] NOVELTY ELECTRIC MOTOR
[76] Inventor: Roger Wayne Andrews, 4190
Oakman St., South, Salem, Oreg.
97302
122] Filed:
Apr. 21, 1972
[21] Appl. No.: 246,454
[52] U.S. CI.
[51] Int. Cl..
[58] Field of Search.
46/45, 46/234
... A63h 33/26
46/45,234,235
156]
312,178
1,226,835
1,966,686
2,583,741
2,774,185
2,974,265
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
2/1885 Bacon..
5/1917
Wilder
7/1934
Russ.
1/1952
Kiler
12/1956
Kosch
3/1961
Thoma
46/234
46/45
46/235
46/235
46/235
46/235 UX
Primary Examiner- Antonio F. Guida
Assistant Examiner-Robert F. Cutting
Attorney-Oliver D. Olson
[57]
ABSTRACT
A permanent magnet armature is
arranged to be
moved initially in spaced proximity to an induction
coil connected in an electric circuit including a source
of electric potential and an electronic switch such that
when the moving magnetic field of the magnet cuts
the coil turns the resuiting induced current operates
the switch momentarily to connect the source of elec-
tric potential across the coil. The resulting
current
flow through the coil produces a magnetic field which
is imposed upon the moving magnet such as to accel-
erate its movement. The magnet may take many
forms, such as a spinning top, a motor rotor, a pendu-
Ium or other reciprocating member, and others.
14 Claims, I1 Drawing Figures
24
-22
12'
16
20

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 494, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTED 8874 (itt:ti‘“‘é‘ité*‘«éS#«#T “LO

FIG. I, are ‘ay,  FliGe FIGS -
\ Zs Gy je = § 30 | ee

| | 4 oe | ——
FIG. 6 FIG. 7 FIG. 4

6 | WZ,

Liz

42

f '
. ,
We WA WA SANA ASA NAA. AAAS.SS SRA SA ASA AA BA BRAMALL AR \Y
Ca
\\ | = Wns
OOo et a es eee ad! hi ee iki hi ai ni hihi ni dian dimidhihinina

NANA NAN

SASS!

NWN 4

x

8
9
N

N

MMURNRMRMNNEANTRMASN

| NS
LLALLLMLML MLA 4A
AUS AAAAAAVAMAAAAAAASAASSAA SSS SV ASS SS
i. __d

‘| Pre _|

PA AMA Mi MiMi MM hi Ae Mihi fit pdhitihh

88

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 974, "chars": 6139, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,783,550
1
2
NOVELTY ELECTRIC MOTOR
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
EMBODIMENTS
This invention relates to electric motors and more
In general, the novelty electric motor of this inven-
particularly to a novelty electric motor which appears 5 tion includes an inductance coil stator and a magnet ar-
to have no source of power.
mature spaced from and movable independently of and
Electric motors are generally characterized by a con-
in diverse directions relative to the stator. The stator
centric arrangement of a rotor and a stator which are
coil is connected to a source of electric potential by
relatively fixed against axial and radial displacement
which to produce a magnetic field for inducing rotation
while accommodating relative rotation. They are rec. 10 of the magnet armature. The electric circuit of the coil
ognized for their effective utilitarian purposes, but are
includes means controlled by movement of the magnet
not looked upon as attractive and interesting devices.
armature for alternately opening and closing the cir-
Novelty electric motors have been provided hereto-
fore in the form of the spinning tops which derive their
Referring first to the embodiment illustrated in FIG.
power from and are controlled by a source of alternat-
15 1, the novelty electric motor is in the form of an amus-
ing and interesting spinning top toy or conversation
ing current. The tops thus spin at a predetermined
piece. Thus, it includes a housing of non-magnetic ma-
speed and on a fixed axis or other fixed path, in a rather
uninteresting manner.
terial, such as wood or synthetic thermoplastic or ther-
mosetting resin. The housing is hollow and includes a
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
20 peripheral wall 10 and a dished top base 12 the outer
surface of which preferably is concave inwardly toward
In its basic concept, the novelty electric motor of this
a slightly convex central portion 12'. The bottom, open
invention involves a concealed stator ciruit which is
side of the housing is removably closed by a bottom
controlled by a magnet armature which is movable
freely and independently of the stator in diverse direc- 25
Within the holiow housing there is mounted an in-
duction coil 16, preferably of the iron core, electro-
It is by virtue of the foregoing basic concept that the
magnet type. The opposite ends of the coil are con-
principal objective of this invention is
nected across a source of direct current electric poten-
namely, to provide a novelty electric motor having no
tial, for example one or more conventional dry cells 18,
apparent source of power and constructed in the form 30 through a control switch. In the embodiment illustrated
of an attractive and amusing toy, conversation piece,
the control switch comprises a transistor 20 of the NPN
advertising display, object for scientific study and the
type. The base of the transistor is connected to one end
of the coll, the collector is connected to the positive
Another object of this invention is the provision of a
terminal of the battery and the negative terminal of the
novelty electric motor having a freely movable arma- 35 battery is connected to the opposite end of the coil.
ture which performs amusing and interesting motions.
The emitter is connected to an intermediate winding of
The foregoing and other objects and advantages of
this invention will appear from the following detailed
The armature of the motor illustrated in FIG. 1 is in
the form of a spinning top. As illustrated, the top has
description taken in connection with the accompanying 40 a hemispherical body 22 and a pivot shaft 24 projecting
drawing of preferred embodiments.
through the rotational axis thereof. The body contains
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWING
one or more magnets with the poles thereof disposed in
FIG. 1 is a view in cross section of a novelty electric
a plane extending perpendicular to the rotational axis.
The operation of the novelty electric motor illus-
same being in the form of a spinning top.
motor embodying the features of this invention, the 45 traated in FIG. 1 is as follows: The portion of the pivot
FIGS. 2, 3, 4 and 5 are perspective views of alterna-
shatt 24 extending upwardly from the body 22 of the
tive forms of spinning objects which may be utilized in
spinning top is grasped between the thumb and index
the novelty electric motor of FIG. 1.
finger and, while being held over the dished top base
12, is spun from the fingers onto said base. By virtue of
FIG. 6 is a view in cross section with a second form 50 the concave contour of the base, the spinning top gravi-
of novelty electric motor embodying the features of this
tates toward the central convex portion 12'. The mov-
FIG. 7 is a sectional view taken on the line 7-7 in
ing magnetic lines of force provided by the spinning
magnet top cuts the turns of the coil and thus induces
FIG. 8 is a front elevation of a third form of novelty ss a current in the coil. As is well known, the flow of cur-
rent through the coil is reversed when the turns are cut
electric motor embodying the features of this inven-
by the lines of force associated with the opposite poles
tion, parts thereof being broken away to disclose details
of the magnet. Thus, in one direction of current flow
through the base-emitter of the transistor switch, the
FIG. 9 is a plan view of the novelty electric motor
shown in FIG. 8.
FIG. 10 is a front elevation of a fourth form of nov-
elty electric motor embodying the features of this in-
transistor is turned on momentarily to connect the bat-
tery 18 across the coil 16. A pulse of battery current
thus is applied momentarily through the coil, where-
upon the latter produces a magnetic field which is im-
posed upon the spinning magnet top in such manner as
FIG. 11 is a view in elevation of a fifth form of nov-
6s to accelerate the spin of the top.
elty electric motor embodying the features of this in-
The magnetic field produced by the coil also influ-
vention, parts being broken away to disclose details of
ences other random motions of the spinning top, de-
pending upon the location of the spinning top relative

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1160, "chars": 7091, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,783,550
to the coil and to the positions of the magnet poles.
which provide a pair of laterally spaced, outwardly con-
Thus, the top may be flung outward of the central por-
cave support surfaces. In the embodiment illustrated,
tion of the dished base to varying distances and at vary-
these cradle members are formed of a pair of non-
ing speeds and angles, or it may be pulled toward the
magnetic wires having upstanding end portions 42' an-
center of the dished base. The spinning top also may be 5
chored in the housing and interconnected by an inter-
tilted slightly from vertical to varying degrees. The re-
mediate arcuate portion 42. A disc-shaped magnet ar-
sult of these variables is an amusing and interesting ran-
dom skittering of the spinning top over the area of the
mature 44, arranged to be interposed between the pair
of cradle members, is provided with oppositely extend-
base 12. The dished contour of the base functions to
ing axies 46 arranged for rolling support on the cradle
limit the extent of outward thrusting of the spinning top 10 members. The magnet disc may include one or more
and thus effectively confines the spinning top within
magnets arranged to provide alternate magnetic poles
the confines of the base.
about the periphery of the disc. In the embodiment il-
Accordingly, once the spinning top is put in motion
lustrated there are four such alternate poles.
upon the base, it continues to rotate and move about
In operation, the disc 44 is placed between the arcu-
the base in random fashion for as long as the battery 15 ate cradle members 42 to one side of the lowest portion
supply lasts. In this regard it has been found that with
thereof under which the induction coil 16 is located,
two pen light batteries connected in series, the magnet
and then released. The disc thereupon rolls along the
top will continue spinning for several days.
cradle members on its axles 46 and in doing so tra-
It will be understood that acceleration of the spinning
verses the coil. The moving magentic field thus pro-
top continues until a state of equilibrium is reached at 20 vided by the rolling magnet armature induces current
which frictional losses equal the energy input. Such
in the coil and consequent production of an accelerat-
losses are due in part air friction, in part to the area of
ing magnetic field by the coil which functions to accel-
contact between the top and base, and in part to the ex-
erate the movement of the disc.
tent to which the top is flung outward of the central
The disc ultimately comes to rest at some point along
portion of the base to areas of diminished influence.
the inclines of the cradle members and then begins roll-
Each time the rotating magnetic field of the appropri-
ing movement in the opposite direction. As it traverses
ate pole of the magnet cuts the coil turns, the spinning
the induction coil, it once again initiates operation of
magnet top is accelerated. At all other times, as when
the switch 20 and the consequent pulsing of the coil
the magnetic field of the opposite pole cuts the coil
and production of a magnetic field therefrom to accel-
turns, the transistor remains cut off and no current 30
erate the movement of the disc in said opposite direc-
flows in the electric circuit. When the spinning top is
removed from the base, the battery supply is effectively
The foregoing oscillatory motion of the disc may con-
open circuited and therefore is not wasted
tinue, if desired, until the battery supply is exhausted.
The novelty electric motor described hereinbefore in
In the embodiment illustrated in FIGS. 8 and 9, the
connection with FIG. I., thus may be utilized as an 35 housing 50 contains the induction coil stator 16 and as-
amusing and interesting toy or conversation piece since
sociated circuitry as previously described. The movable
it gives the appearance of a continuousiy spinning top
magnet armature 52 is illustrated in the form of a cross
with no apparent source of power.
member providing a plurality of alternate magnetic
Additional amusement may be achieved by putting
poles, in the manner of the disc 44 previously de-
two or more tops in spinning motion on the dished
scribed. The armature is disposed horizontally a spaced
base, as illustrated in FIG. 1. As the tops skitter about
distance above the housing, and is supported by at least
randomly over the base, they bump into each other on
one, but preferably by a pair of elongated strings 54 or
random occasions and under conditions such that one
other flexible members which depend downwardly in
of the tops may be toppled over, or may even be
laterally spaced relation from an arm 56 mounted at
ejected from the base. Thus, this mode of operation
the top end of a post 58 secured to and extending up-
provides the basis for an amusing game of chance.
wardly from a housing. The magnet armature may
The spinning magnet top may take various forms
serve as a support for advertising material and the like.
other than the form illustrated in FiG. I. Thus, it may
For example, it may support an upstanding hollow cyl-
take the form of a magnet ball 30 (FIG. 2); a flat disc
inder 60 upon which advertising material may be
32 (FIG. 3); an annular disc 34 (FIG. 4). An interesting
printed or otherwise supported. For example, the cylin-
arrangement is illustrated in FIG. 5, wherein the mag-
der may be painted or otherwise provided with spiral
net ball 30 of FIG. 2 is confined within a hollow ball 36
alternate colorings of a barber pole.
of non-magnetic material. As the magnet ball 30 is
In the embodiment illustrated, the lower ends of the
caused to rotate on the base 12, under the influence of
strings are secured to a cross piece 60' at the top end
the coil 16, its frictional engagement with the confining
of the cylinder 60, in order to keep the center of mass
ball 36 causes the latter to rotate also, but at a slower
below the strings. If the armature 52 is much heavier
speed. Occasionally, the magnet ball 30 is thrust about than the cylinder 60, or does not support a cylinder or
within the confining ball 36, thereby adding to the
other object, the strings may be attached directly to the
Referring now to the embodiment illustrated in FIGS, 60 armature. In any event the armature is supported by the
depending string or strings.
6 and 7, the novelty electric motor includes a hollow
In operation, with the magnet armature 52 initially in
housing 40 which, as in FIG. 1, contains an induction
coil 16 and a control circuit therefor. In this embodi-
the position illustrated in FIG. 8, rotation of the arma-
ture is started by hand. Continued and accelerated ro-
ment, however, the transistor 20 is of the PNP type and 65
tation in the initiated direction is effected by operation
the polarity of the battery is appropriately reversed.
of the induction coil circuit, as previously explained. As
Mounted upon the housing and extending upwardly
the armature continues its rotation, the spaced strings
therefrom are a pair of laterally spaced cradle members
54 are caused to wind about each other and thus be-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1081, "chars": 6876, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,783,550
un
come shortened. As a consequence, the rotating arma-
dent component. However; the armature housing may
ture is elevated progressively from the housing, until it
reaches an elevation at which the influence of the mag-
be secured to the stator housing, in which case the de-
vice 100 to be driven may be mounted in a fixed posi-
netic field of the induction coil is insufficient to further
tion independently of either or both housings.
rotate the armature. Thereupon, the force of gravity
5
In the operation of the motor of FIG. 1l, rotation of
acting upon the armature initiates unwinding of the
the armature 90 is initaited by hand. As the rotating
twisted strings, with simultaneous rotation of the arma-
magnetic field of the armature cuts the turns of the coil
ture in the opposite direction from which it was initially
74, the resulting induced current activates the PNP
rotated. As the strings unwind, the armature lowers
transistor 80 which, in turn, activates the NPN transis-
progressively toward the housing and once again initi- 10 tor 78, whereby momentarily to connect the battery
ates the intermittent operation of the coil circuit to ef-
supply 76 across the coil. The pulse of current through
fect acceleration of rotation of the armature. When the
the coil thus produces a magnetic field which is im-
rotating armature reaches the lowermost position illus-
posed upon the rotating magnet armature 90 in such
trated in FIG. 8, it continues further rotation to once
manner as to accelerate the latter.
again cause twisting of the strings, but in the opposite 15
Although the motor illustrated in FIG. 11 may have
direction.
more general utility than those of the previously de-
The foregoing operation may be continued as long as
scribed embodiments, which are primarily interesting
the battery supply lasts, producing simultaneous axial
and amusing toys and conversation pieces, it neverthe-
rotation and vertical reciprocation of the armature.
less is more interesting than a conventional electric
In FIG. 10 the novelty electric motor is in the form 20
motor by virtue of the removability of the armature
of a pendulum. The hollow 62 housing contains the in-
component and the appearance that the output shaft 92
duction coil 16 and associated elecric circuit, as in the
previous embodiments, and an upstanding post 64 on
rotates without a source of power.
It is to be noted in the electric circuits illustrated that
the housing mounts a pendulum arm 66 at its upper
end. as by means of a pivot shaft 68. The arm may be 2s not only do the transistors function as switches by
which to connect the battery supply across the coil, but
a rigid rod, as illustrated, or it may be a flexible string
in addition the circuits in which they are associated
or other form of line. The lower end of the arm sup.
form oscillators which provide amplification and regen-
ports a magnet armature 70, as indicated.
erative feedback during the portion of each cycle of
Oscillating of the pendulum is initiated by moving the
arm 66 and supported armature 70 to a position offset 30
movement of a magnet armature that causes activation
of the transistor. Thus, the number of oscillations that
angularly from vertical, as illustrated, and then releas
occur during said portion of each cycie depends upon
ing the arm for swinging motion. Oscillation of the pen-
dulum is maintained in the manner described in con-
the speed of rotation (FIGS. 1, 8 and 11) or reciproca-
nection with the previous embodiments, and may con-
tion (FIGS. 6 and 10) of the magnet armature. Interest-
tinue until the battery supply is exhausted.
35 ing and amusing effects of this are obtained, for exam-
When the arm 66 is rigid, the oscillation of the shaft
ple, by connecting the audio amplifier of a speaker
68 may function to drive an external device, as by con-
across the coil.
nection through a ratchet mechanism.
The single transistor circuits flustrated in FIGS. 1~10
FIG. 11 illustrates still another form of novelty elec-
are preferred for their simplicity and economy. How-
tric motor. In this embodiment the hollow housing 72 40 ever, the two transistor circuit illustrated in FIG. 11 of-
contains within it an induction coil in the form of an
fers the advantage, for certain applications, of enabling
electromagnet of the horseshoe type. One end of the
the driving of power transistors.
coil winding 74 is connected to the positive terminal of
It will be apparent to those skilled in the art that vari-
a battery source 76 of direct current potential. The
ous changes may be made in the size, shape, number,
negative terminal of the battery supply is connected to
45 type and arrangement of parts described hereinbefore
the emitter of an NPN transistor 78, the collector of
without departing from the spirit of this invention.
which is connected to the opposite end terminal of the
Having now described my invention and the manner
coil winding. The base of the transistor 78 is connected
in which it may be used, i claim:
to the collector of a PNP transistor 80 the base of
1. A novelty electric motor comprising
which also is connected to said other end terminal of SO a, a stator coil having a stationary magnetic metal
the coil winding. The emitter of the transistor 80 is con-
core and an electric circuit,
nected through resistors 82 and 84 to the end of the
b. a magnet armature,
coil winding connected to the positive terminal of the
c. means supporting the magnet armature in spaced
battery supply. A diode 86 is connected between the
proximity to and externally of the coil for move-
resistors and the base of the transistor for selectively
ment relative to and externally of the coil,
shorting the base-emitter circuit thereof.
d. a source of electric potential in the electric circuit
Supported freely upon the stator housing 72 is a hol-
of the coil, and
low armature housing 88. A rotary magent armature 90
e. means in said electric circuit operable by coil cur-
within the housing is secured to a rotary shaft 92 which
rent induced by movement of the magnet armature
60
extends upwardly through the housing and mounts a
for releasably connecting the source of electric po-
pulley 94. A belt 96 connects the pulley to a pulley 98
tential across the coil momentarily to impose a
on the input shaft of a device 100 to be driven. Said de-
magnetic field on the magnet armature to acceler-
vice is mounted on the armature housing as by means
ate the movement thereof.
of the bracket 102.
2. The novelty electric motor of claim I wherein the
65
It is to be noted that the armature housing 88 is com-
connecting means comprises an electric switch in the
pletely separate from the stator housing 72 and thus
electric circuit of the coil and responsive to current in-
may be removed therefrom as a completely indepen-
duced in the coil by movement of the magnet armature

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2844, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,783,550
8
to connect the source of electric potential across the
magnet member is an annular disc.
coil.
11. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the
3. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the
magnet armature is a magnet member capable of being
connecting means comprises a transistor the base-
rotated about its axis, and the supporting member
emitter circuit of which is connected across a portion 5 therefor comprises at least one flexible line mounted
of the coil and the emitter-collector circuit of which is
above and depending downward toward the coil and
connected across the remaining portion of the coil
supporting the magnet member
at the lower end
through the source of electric potential.
thereof.
4. The novelty electric motor of claim 3 wherein the
12. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the
base-collector circuit includes a second transistor the 10 magnet armature is a magnet member capable of being
base of which is connected to the collector of the first
rotated about an axis, and the supporting means there-
transistor and the emitter-collector circuit of which is
for comprises a base mounted removably adjacent the
connected across the coil through the source of electric
coil, a shaft mounting the magnet member and sup-
potential.
ported by the base for rotation with the magnet mem-
5. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the 15
ber on a fixed axis, and means interconnecting the shaft
magnet armature is a magnet member capable of being
and a device to be rotated thereby.
rotated about an axis, and the supporting means there-
13. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the
for comprises a non-magnetic base above the coil ar-
magnet armature is a magnet member capable of being
ranged to support the magnet member freely thereon
rotated about an axis, and the supporting means there-
for rotation in spaced proximity to the coil.
20 for comprises a pair of spaced cradle members support-
6. The novelty electric motor of claim 5 wherein the
ing the magnet member between them for rolling
magnet member is a spinning top.
movement on said axis above and reciprocatively rela-
7. The novelty electric motor of claim 5 wherein the
tive to the coil.
magnet member is a ball.
14. The novelty electric motor of claim 1 wherein the
8. The novelty electric motor of claim 5 wherein the 25
magnet armature is a magnet member, and the support-
magnet member is a ball confined within a hollow non-
ing means therefor comprises a pendulum arm sup-
magnetic ball.
ported at its upper end for swinging movement and sup-
9. The novelty electric motor of claim 5 wherein the
porting the magnet member at its lower end for recip-
magnet member is a disc.
rocative movement relative to the coil.
10. The novelty electric motor of claim 5 wherein the 30
*
*
*
*
35
40
45
50
55
60
65
