{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T04:22:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3384445, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125267-cejka-radiesthetic-readings-etc.pdf", "source_sha256": "49951b2230a9c40952a74afab18e601d2aacabc841de19ee847407a5c27b37b5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2693, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T* direction in which these readings are taken varies thems
miti
sat.
than circles around bodies.
sound bodie longs and selle sit or
these ellipses are at right angles.
exactly aligned to the Earth's, but is found to deviate to the
West of North.
This is not due to an experimental error as the
same angle of deviation is found at cach point of the compass
although this angle varies when measured for the same bodies
st different times. (Fig. 2).
is directed as in telepathic experiments, its direction can be
determined by the behaviour of this critical distance. A maxi-
mum impulse can be detected in a critical direction and at a
critical elevation that varies with the direction and distance of
the object of attention. (Fig. 8).
CASTICAL DIRECTEN
Tarte at sarsall foa
1. Bilipee defined around living bodies by plotting their radiesthetie
zeadings.
Beyond the maximum health reading of 80 centimeters, there
are found to be critical distances that vary in intensity during
peech and thought. The critical distance that varies durin
bought is situated over a meter from the body. When though
8. Director of thought in linked with the object to which attention in
being directed by • beam shown by the point of maximum modulation.
(a) The distance at which modulation is found is detected at approxi-
mately 110 cm.
(b) At this distance from the body, the direction is altered till a maximum
modulation in a critical direction in detected.
(c) The elroation is then varied till an optional point is found.
Between the normal readings at about 2 and 11 centimeters
and at about 00 centimeters from the body, adventitious readings
are found in certain diseases. In tuberculosis for example,
readings are found at 3j, 7, 10%, 14, 21 and 28 inches.
are similar to those measured from living cultures of tuberele
bacilli in vitro. Readings of 24, 5, 7} and 10 inches are recog-
nised as similar to those measured from living cultures of Staphy-
lococcus Albus.
Checking for identity can be done by comparing
• known sample with an unknown, and getting an interference
effect. This effect consists of an climination of the patient's
adventitious readings, with a restoration of the patient's health
readings towards normal.
The following experiment is given as an example of how a
single fact in radiesthesia con be established.
To be proved. That there is a detectable physical difference
between two objeets, which can be determined by radiesthetic
means and not by the use of all other special senses combined.
Melhod. A set of B blue stained T.B. slides, previously un-
opened, straight from a hospital pathological laboratory, were
examined for radiesthetic differences. (See Table).
-99-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 620, "chars": 4107, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table of radicsthetic readings obtained in the erperiment incoling
eight blue stuined T. B. slivirs.
Sample Na. 1
8.25
7.5
10.75
7
.. 3
..
7.5
13.75
Segative
14.5
Positive
7
5
+
3.5
8
7
10.5
11.5
10.5
14
•. 3.5
7
10
Confrol
N.B.-" Positive " readings-Easy to read.
11
Negative
Negative
18.5
Negalive
Negative
difference from each other.
As will be seen from the readings obtained. two samples
(numbers 3 and 7) were chosen for their radicsthetic difference
from each other, i.e., number 3 gave a strongly marked reading
of T.5 inches, while number 7 gave no reading whatsoever.
These
slides were then marked S and 7 respectively in ink but were
otherwise indistinguishable except by their radiesthetic rendings.
They were then compared with a view to distinguishing the one
from the other.
After bring shuffled, each in tura was placed in position, care-
fully shielded from observation.
taking the reudings nor the one placing thie slides in position
knew which was artually being examined. This precaution was
necessary r, ensure that the examiner was unaware telepathienily
of the raungs through the knowledge of someone else.
sperimen bring examined was placed touching the end of a
calibrated ruler and its radiesthetie reading taken. The observer
was recording a strong 7} inch reading from the one slide which
was not present with the other.
two slides were interclanged until certainty about this difference
was established. Such interchanging was limited to three times
and was actually necessary on three occasions. In coch test the
result was recorded, the specimen exurined and the correctness
of the readings checked.
one of them again placed in position for examination. Such
jumbling did not entail close proximity of the two specimens
so thest they did not effect ench other's readings by proximity
of radiation.
such radiesthetic experiments, and lack of such precautions
invulidates much so-culled scientific work on this subject.
This
ignorance of residual radiation being left on surrounding objects
obvious reason why controlled experiments by so-callei
scientifie observers fail to elucidate physical differences. By the
time the specimens have been thoroughly mixed up so as to
muddle the ubserver, their very physical properties have become
They will have absorved each other's radiations and
become indistinguishable.
In the above test, the person examining the radiesthetie
readings along the ruler, correctly determined the duft ence
between the two samples, just as certainly as if numini vision
were used. It was agreed that & tests should form the series
and in all 8 tests the results were correct.
There is a detectalile physienl difference between
two objeets which cun he determied by radir irtie means.
Although much can be learned from the penduiam. road or
the main problem firing these studying this
subjeet is that of replacing the human nervous system by an
instrument independent of the variation in sensitivity of the
at which an alteration in the reflex of a dowser occurs.
The
two instruments referred to are:—
1.
A Sodal Indientor designed by Father Glozewski and
made by JIr. F. J. Billington, n radio engineer.
This was demon-
strated to the Psychosomatic
Hestch Asociation during a
lecture by Father Glazewski on "The Gravitational Wave
December Ist. 1010, here in London, and again this year, to the
Medical Socirty for the Study of Radiestlicsin.
2. An instrument of my own design, still at the experimental
which was developed from the following experiments
A physiotherapist, who was also a water diviner or dowser,
howed me how a pendulum he was holding swung round anc
ound when he held it over a woman's palm, and up and dowr
when he held it over a man's palm. On seeing this phenomenon,
and to repeat the experiment with the limb of the subjeet lying
in the saline solution in which the current was cunning.
While
the current was switehed on, the pendulum went on swinging
before rather to my surprise, so I asked him to switch of
is he did so we both observed • kick in the swing of th
pendulum and then it went on swinging as before. This was
-100-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3316, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
414 1+1-
with direct current so I asked him to switeh over to a make and
break circuit. While this current was passing through the arm
bath, the distortion in the swing of the pendulum was maintained.
These experiments appeared to show:-
1. That a change in physical conditions was accompanied by
a change in dowsing reaction but that constant physial con-
ditions were not arcompanied by a change in dowsing resction.
That this change in dowsing reaction could be maintained
by a continuation of these changing physical conditions.
The feet that the speed of change in physical conditions could
be critical in its effects on the dowsing reaction, and that these
changes of speed were multiples of frequencies known to exist
in the human nervous systeni (i.e., Berger rhythm, de.) is illus-
trated in the next stage of our experiments.
Using a super-sonic and sunic frequency oscillator, its maker,
3r. H. V. Rogers, and I tried to find critical frequencies at which
a maximum effect on the dowsing reaction enuld be obtained.
At such critieal frequencies we could hear a beat in the head-
phones attached to the varinble oscillator, and on one occasion
a complete cessation of the note of the oscillator occurred, although
the machine was still running.
(Fig. 4). This was an interference
effect and was accompanied by a complete elimination of the
dowsing phenomenon over the patient round whom this frequency
was running in a rubber insulated coil. We had, in fuet, inter-
fered with the dowsing reaction at will and with precision, with
• variable oscillator whose frequencies were known.
We had
obtained evidence of certain critical frequencies in the sonic, sub-and
super-sonic ranges, and we concluded that we were measuring the
frequencies of living bodies against those of the oscillator used.
A pool of mereury or a sensitive flame could also be used to
detect nodes in the sir-borne waveform emitted by the micro-
phone of such an oscillator. For instance, we fitted a microphone
into a glass-sided box, together with a sensitive flame, and moved
the flame and microphone apart until a node was detected.
(Fig. 5).
In this case they were +-inch interrals from the
microphone when the oscillator was set at 30 kiloeyeles.
-Nodes
were felt by hand at the same 4-inch intervals from the micro-
phone with the oscillator set at 30 kilocycles but we who were
doing the experiment, both felt abdominal discomfort and a
slowing down our the reaction time. I wanted to cease the
experiment and switch off, yet I went on doing it and was angry
with my assistant for not switching off.
VARIABLE
ASCILLATOR
FLRETRCALY DANEN
TUNING FORK
ПП
"..
50
$0 10
FAT Or BON оредитоля
MALE CALIBRATED
I INCHES
LenDs To cars
TONE APJUSTREN
LAUNG BoDY
00000
31
33
19
9929920
HEADANONE : .
NoRes fACHES grAET WERE CONFAMED arA
see Four
AT some SPELES
Miti
DaLs
LENO DO NEAOPIONES MACRE
4S READ
4. Variable osciliator and living bodies. When the instrument is tuned
to a critical frequency, a beat frequency is heard in the headphones, the
dowser is inhibiled and the critical distance readings are distorted to tha
marimum extent.
4.
Variable cecilister tuned to 30,000 eyeles per second.
At 82,000
eycles my assistant detected nodal points with her tongue in the airborne
wave from the headphone. She was severely shocked.
- 101-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2543, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
If a sensitive flame or a megeury pool could be used to detect
such nodal points from the oscillator's microphone, they might
be used to detect the critical distances we could feel with our
hands round living bodies. We therefore tried them out and
found that the readings from the mercury pool were similar to
those taken by hand. We placed a dish of mercury on the floor
in the sunlight, and watched its reflection on the wall of my
eurgery As I brought my hand through a critical distance
above the mercury, my assistant Miss Smith, observed that the
pattern on the wall changed the direction in which it was rotating
When my hand was to one side or the other of this exact distance
the reflection of the mercury was observed to change from clock-
wise to anticlockwise, or vice versa, according to whether I was
too lar from or to near to the mercury.
The distance thus measured from bodies was that at which
the stimulus to the water divining or dowsing reflex occurs.
(Fig. 6).
Wan
ar SuBjecT
Eoçe or
Suspect
JUsTABLE DSTANCE
SurFact or MeRcuar Pool
6. Mereury pool detector of critical distances.
The following routine method is used to give evidence that
the critical distances measured from bodies by a mechanical
detertor is similar to that at which the dowsing reflex orcurs.
Measurements are taken with the mechanical detector and
confirmed or corrected by direct detection of critical distance
by hand. If a distance measured mechanically is the correct
one, then a stimulus will be felt in the hand as it pesses through
this point. We had previousiy found that the dowsing reaction
altered where this stimulus was located. With the mereury pool
we measured our own critien distances and confirmed them by
hand.
We also measured critical distances from living cultures
such as T.B. and Staphylococeus Alhus and found readings
appropriate to the specimen examined. (Fig. T)-
11 - 7-
Sternestes Acena
7. Critical distances messured from living cultures of bacteria.
When in 1947 I lectured to the Medical Society for the Study
of Radiestlicsia on this evidence concerning the physienl stimulus
responsible for radiesthetic phenomena, Father Glazcwski stated
that he had come to the same conclusion theoretically.
Also
that Dr. and Mme. Maury, of Paris, had made a detector of these
energies. Father Ginzewski gave me an uncut quartz crystal
the size of a pca, which I tested out as a detector.
We held the
quarts crystal in the hand, and felt an impulse when it passed
hrough critical distances from living bodies. We then held the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3243, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
crystal at the end of a metal contact and felt an impulse when
the crystal, and not the hand holding it, passed through a critical
distance. The crystal was therefore acting as a detector. During
these experiments, a critic of my work sent me a diagram of the
original circuit used in the classical experiment in the produc-
tion of super-sonic waves. In that experiment a high-frequency
alternating current was passed through • crystal, between
two metal contacts.
The crystal vibrated mechanically at the
speed of the alternating current used, and produced air-borne
wares of this frequency. I merely reversed the arrangement,
placing the crystal between two metal contacts, to pick up these
energies we were measuring, and to translute them back into an
electrical change between these two contacts.
The original detector consisted of a torch bulb, situated at the,
focal point of a metal reflector, in which the filament was divided,
the crystal being inserted between the two ends of the filament,
with these two making contact at two opposing surfaces of the
crystal. From these two contacts, two leuds formed a coil round
the handle of the instrument.
When this device was attached
as a pick-up to an amplifier, a change in note was heard when
the body being tested passed through its critical distance from
the detector.
This as a detector was improved by making the
coil attached to the crystal the length of the critical distance
that was to be detected. This can be done by tapping it just
Constmara Bit
as a violin string is stopped. The coil was then connected in
series with the crystal and a variable condenser. (Fig. 8).
This instrument is a crystal radio wave meter of standard
design, but with a coil shorter than that usually used in the
reception of radio waves. The latest modification of this circuit
is to earth one side of the crystal. When this detector is at
critical distances from bodies, passage of current is observed
through the crystal as movement.
When a quartz or suchlike crystal is moved through critical
distances from bodies, it vibrates mechanically and this vibra-
tion can be felt, transmitted up a single metal contact or crystal
holder.
This observation that energy could be felt from a single
contact onto the crystal, made it likely that the energy generated
by this detector is mechanical.
Mechanical vibration can be detected by connerting the
vibrating body to a mereury pool on a vibration proof support.
The crystal can be dipped into the increury and any mechanical
vibration is then seen as a deflection of a beam of light reflected
from the mereury's surface. Thus, the mercury pool and i
crystal detector of critical distance can be combined into a
mercury-crystal detector, in which cuse the critical distance is
measured from the nearest point of the ervstal to the body.
We have found experimentully that the effect con be maguified
by placing the crystal at the focal point of a parabuloid reflector,
which appears to act as a collector of these energics.
The mercury-crystal detector can be combined with the
standard wavemcter circuit of the crystal, coil and condenser.
Gen Tennes ar
PUTANCES
Con
* OUTer TERRITALS
-
8. Crystal radio wave metez.
e, l and sondener combination
-103-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 784, "chars": 5095, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The tip of the crystal used in this circuit can dip into the mereury
and resonance of the circuit umplifies the effeet prodnerd.
lie separate forus of a detector as dissimilur as a mereury pool,
a crystul surface or the lateral edge of a coil, have been combined
unfo the one mercury-crystal-coil and condenser combinition.
(Fig. 0). This is most satisfactory from the theoretical point of
view as euch picce of equipment confirms the evidence about
this energy, demonstrated by the rest of the apparatus.
mereury shows the mechanical vibration of the crystal and the
coil and condenser show the sccompanying cleetro-magnetic
component of the radiesthetic stimulus.
To give an example of the similarity between readings taken
by land and those taken instrumentally, a culture of T.B. was
found to have a reading of 7 inches and multiples of that 7 inches
when measured by hund. This reading was confirmed repeatedly
by other independent observers using a mereury pool and different
samples as controls. Finally, the same readings
were again
recorded when they were measured by means of Father Glazewski's
apparatus.
On another occasion un observer was taking his own readings
by means of Father Glazewski's appuratus, and he recorded
rendings of 2l. 5, T} and 10 inches.
These were recognised to
be similar to the wave pattern of Staphylococcus Albus, so I
sent away a specimen for autogenous vaccine.
the laborntory cultured Staphylococcus Albus.
The result was,
The diagnosis had thus been made instrumentally. The next
step was to measure the waveform emitted by an oscilloclast
when set to treat staphylococcus or to trent T.B. When the
oscilloclast was set to treat T.B. it gave a critical distance at
7 inches and when set to treat staphylorneei, gave a reading
somewint appropriate to that obtained from Staphylocuceus.
The subject was therefore treated with the oseilloclast set to give
an interference effect with his rendings, and he is now being
trenter instrumentally by a collegue who is experienced in the
use of this muchine.
While being so treated, the subject asked permission to be
allowed to listen to his portable radio. The sound of the make-
and-break on the oscilloclast could be heard in the radio, so we
connected him to his radio instead of the oscilloclast, and still
got an interference effect on his critical readings, although he
was no longer in direct contact with the machine.
Thus, entirely
instrumental dingnosis and treatment have been used in this
This fulfils six of the following postulates, namely:—
That a radiesthetic reading to be significant in a disease,
should be measurable in a patient suffering from that disease.
2. That the disease entity, independent of the patient, should
give a similar reading.
8. That identity hetween known disease entity samples and
the unknown but suspected disease in the patient, should give
an interference effect by resonance with the patient's readings.
4. That a culture of the disease entity giving readings simliar
to the known standard, should be preparable from the patient.
5. That a waveform sinular to that of the disease entity
should be instrumentally produced.
6. That this waveform should give an interference effect on
the patient's wavefor
7. That a beneficial effect on the patient should be thus
Summary
The detcation of the radiesthetic stimulus is crucial. Its
demonstration proves the existence of certain shells, energy lerels
or critical distances, arranged concentrically around bodies,
including that of man. The arrangement of these energy levels
varies with the nature of the body being examined and with
alterations in the physieni state of that body.
of diagnostie significance in medieine.
energy cells has ulso been correlated with mental and emotional
activity. These measurements are therefore of value in assessing
the mental ability and the emotional reaction type.
There are now instrunental detectors of this energy field which
establishes its existence beyond all reasonable doubt and the
pericction of these instruments can now safely be left to the
ter nical experts, who are already making great strides in this
dirretion.
The proved existence of these shells, energy levels or critical
distances which could now well be called G
"waves. if Father
Glazewski's Gravitational Wave hypothesis is confirmed, renoves
the limitations of materialism from seience. Reality will no
longer fit into existing scientific theory, and our theories must
give way before the remorseless logie of experimental fact
science can no longer turn a blind eve to the other half of the
truth.
We can no longer take a one-eyed view of our experiene
and exelude as suggestion, coincidence or merely unorthodox,
anything that in our pride we do not wish to admit.
If we are right in claiming that this energy field exists as an
objective reality, then the boundaries of science can be extended
to include much that has been hitherto unacceptable.
Iny reference to the medical application of these researcher i
surely incidental and no claim ja made that they are of immediat
practical applicatien.
104

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3470, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DISCUSSION
Mr. Churles: Hus Dr. Ash linked his work up with Dr. Kilner's
screen observations T
Answer: Though related, Dr. Ash's measurements were those
taken along a material path such as a rule, with its end touching
the finger tip of his patient.
Mr. Houghton-Bentley: What about the frequency of oscilla-
tion of the crystal used 1
Answer: The lack of official support in these rescarches had
made it impossible as yet to determine the best type of crystal
to use. Use had to be made of any crystals available.
Mr. Houghton-Bentley offered to help Dr. Ash to determine
the correct type and size of crystal.
3fr. Hydr-Parker: What about the orientation of critical
distance 1
Answer: The readings of actual distance were taken along •
rule and it was change in direction of this rule that altered
critical distance from the finger tip placed on the end of the rule.
Dr. Watson: What about the physical variation during sleep
and in death?
Answer: It is found that when a person is approsching death
the inner shell normally at 2 inches approximately and the outer
shell normally at 24 inches, have approached one another till they
almost meet at about 12 inches from the patient. As he rallies
they separate. During sleep a somewhat similar narrowing of
the space between these two readings occur.
Question on pregnancy.
Answer: Dr. Ash had studied this subjeet, when attempting
the determination of fertility in hen's eggs.
Fertility could be
determined with an 80 percent. accuracy but attempts at the
determination of sez in the egg ended in results no better than
could be accounted for by chance. Several hundreds of eggs
bad been exantined, their critical distances measured and the
alteration in these determined when the frequency in an insulated
coil around them was altered. At certain critical frequencies a
maxinum distortion in critical distance was recorded. One such
frequency was 40 cycles per second. The length of the critical
distance reading was greater in the fertile eggs than in the infertile.
Mr. Hooghton-Bentley: What is the energy given off by the
healer! Is it magnetic in a spiritual sense, as in the laying on
of hands 1
Answer: It is not ferro-maynetic, but is affected by the earth's
magnetic field. It is tbe energy used in the laying on of hands.
Nr. Hougliton Bentley: Does the hcaler get more energy?
Answer: The energy of the healer first goes dwn abruptly:
then graduully recovers to its normal level in about three-quarters
of an hour.
The permanent effect is that the healer gains in his
ability to discharge energy.
Mr. Naby described the distance between the first and second
shell readings as a zone that expands in heulth and contracts in
disease or death.
tude of the person's field.
The expanse of this zone represents the ampli-
This would correspond to the width
of a "dowsing band" as found by • water diviner over the
surface of the earth.
Mr. Burton: Do the energy zones of bacteria alter !
Answer: In normal henlth the zone between the first and
•second critical distance is elear of readings. Adventitious rendings
occur in disease. These may be recognised as those of a particulur
bacteria. This can be confirmed by testing the effect on the
patient's rendings of the presence of a known culture of the
and ecte beentiti If the patient's reading is restored to normal
. the adventitious readings are eliminated, then resonance
has occurred between the beeteria in the culture and the bacteria
in the patient.
105

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3290, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We know the tube was sterile, the water, was distilled and contained no min-
erals, and no mineral substance can penetrate the glass wall of the test tube.
The only logical explanation for these surprising results is of course the as-
sumption of the existence of formative or "etheric forces" which are able to
penetrate the "finer media" postulated by the esteemed Mr. Hieronymus, Around
1879, a German scientist named Von Herzeele had proved in more than 500
analysis that the mineral substances thus found in organic substances origi te
in a way comparably to alchemistic procedures. His published claims so out-
raged the scientifle, materialistic oligarchy of his day that his writings van-
Ished from the librarles - (shades of Dr. Wllhelm Reich) - It took a student of
Dr. Rudolf Steiner, a medical doctor named Dr. Rudolf Hauschka, many years
of intensive efforts to locate the writings of Von Herzeele in an obscure small
library in Berlin.
1ner
Shortly after WW-2, Dr. Hauschka proceeded to republish his own findings; and
he immediately received a joyous response in a letter from a Monsieur Spindler
In France, reporting jubilantly that he too had, independently, come to iden-
tical experimental conclusions as Dr. Hauschka. Monsteur Spindler was dir-
ector of the Laboratore Maritime de Dinard on the Bretonic Coast of France
and had investigated the origin of lodine in seaweed, utilizing carefully de-
signed "closed system"-type experiments which eliminated even the slightest
trace of lodine and other important trace elements from the very first beginning.
Here again, lodine showed up, surprisingly and 11ke a miracle, indicating the
ability of plants to manufacture elements from the "etherie formative forces."
Fortunately, Spindler had excellent connections to openminded French
scientists, among them the well-known Prof. Raranger, director of an Institute
on the famous Polytechnikum in Paris.
The postulate of "betherle space, " of a "dynamic space fluidum" has since
spread on the Continent and is gaining recognition. Although the terminology
in the fleld is still somewhat confused as can be expected, the Russians, for :
instance, decided to call it "bloplasmic energy;" and other nations have
colned still different terms--the basic facts remain always the same.
It can be readily shown that there exist obvious parallels of the observed as-
similation of etheric energles by organie plants to so-called "miracles."
As an example, there is the case of Theresa von Konnersreuth, a German
peasant girl who astonished people for decades in our century, not merely by
s peaking Aramaic when in a state of ecstasy, but much more so by her demon-
strated and verified ability to survive for many years without the intake of
food! Although she had a glass of water per day, meaning just some liquid,
the majority was inclined to discount the reports as "hoaxes, " disregarding,
as usual, the sworn statements of her physicians. However, all these reported
phenomena, whether of feeding or of healing, raise legitimate questions re-
garding the unknown and, therefore, have no connection with the pseudo-
sclences or what is sometimes termed "occultism.", If one is familiar with
ether-research, it should be the objective of the research efforts to eliminate
-108-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 3214, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the shadowy element of mystification in this fleld.
Unfortunately, the attempts to suppress and ignore scientifla findings which
run contrary to contemporary theorles are not limited to Europe, One of the
most disturbing examples of the boycott of the ruling oligarchy concerns a
native American scientist with full academic credentials whose blography 1s
lIsted in the Encyclopaedla Americana, but not in any other of the major en-
cyclopaedias or biographical dictionaries. Since the Initlal information con-
cerning this scientist came from overseas and the search for his papers is still
going on at this time, his identity cannot be revealed; but this much can be
stated about his life and his work: He was born in 1866 in Missouri and died
in 1962 in Californla, aged 96. He Joined the U.S. Navy In 1902 as an as-
tronomer and teacher of mathematics and from then on he regularly published
articles on astronomy untll 1914, when he first began to formulate his wave
theory of attractive forces in the ether, publishing articles on his theory at his
own expense in "Astronomische Nachrichten, " which were later republished in
his own, typewritten volumes. He presumably retired from his position in
1931, at age 65, and it was from then on that he continued his wave theory
research in contrast with the relativistic theories of Einstein and his asso-
clates.
But because no scientific journals would publish any articles that
opposed relativity except for the "Astronomische Nachrichten" to which he had
personal connections dating back to his academic years in Berlin, he was
forced to publish his work in 14 typewritten volumes between 1938 and 1954.
His work shows that he was refuting relativity in favor of the classical theorles
of Laplace and Newton, attributing the original train of thought to Newton's
"Opticks."
It would be easy to dismiss his efforts as those of an old-fashioned scientist
fighting a rear-guard action, if it were not for the fact that he was personally
endorsed during a Cayce reading concerning the development of an antigravity
device. During this reading, the suggestion was given that the works of this
scientist would be fundamental to an understanding of gravitation!
From'the few papers already in my possession at this time, it is clear that
this scientist was able to use his theory to account for the bending of light by
gravitational fields and the advance of the perthelion of Mercury, for which
Einstein used an older and erroneous value., The American-born sclentist,
(our Dr. .), explained the effect by a very slight absorption of gravitational
red shlft between galaxies (of light), which has been widely used as evidence
of a "universally expanding universe.
" The Ether wave Theory of Dr. X totals
about 4,000 pages because the volumes were not typeset but were reproduced
from a double-spaced typewritten manuscript and secondly because an enor-
mous amount of repetitive and historical and biographical material is contained
therein.
11.
However, there are also a number of disturbing faots turning up In connection
with these research papers and the work done, by Dr. X.:
1.) The dayce reading which specifically endorsed the work of Dr. X, by name
-109-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3178, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in detail is now "missing from the files" of the ARE Iibrary.
2) Because of the critical energy situation and the obvious need to search for
potential new energy sources, a frantic search for all Dr. X papers can
be expected, as is evident by a recent article in the ARE Journal wherein
a NASA scientist concludes his writeup on some energy aspects of the
legendary Atlantis with a request to the readers "to make comments or
suggestions, particularly with regard to the avallabllity of the rare coples
of the works" of our Dr. X.
3. Finally, the original articles published by Dr. X in the German " Astro-
nomische Nachrichten, " If they still should exist in their archives and
should have survived the bombings of WW-2, are not within the territory
of West Germany, since the editorial office of this particular scientific
Journal is now located in the East.
It 1s known that Dr. X was a personal friend of Sir Oliver Ledge in England,
who has always endorsed the existence of the ether. It is also known that Dr.
X research provided a physical explanation for the existence of radionic ener-
gles because he was able to prove that, quote, "each body carries with It a
wave fleld, " thus providing a solld clue for something radionic researchers
have been looking for since ages, Dr. X claims that these fundamental en-
ergles of nature are due to waves propagated with the velocity of light but move
more slowly through solld masses--whence arses also refraction, dispersion,
and perhaps absorptlon of part of the wave energy--all facts long confirmed in
radionic research and certainly not explainable as part of the properties of the
electromagnetle spectrum.
The openminded reassessment of Einstein's theory of relativity (the general
as well as the special theory of relativity) abroad is now in greater evidence,
as seen by Prof, Selkl's book, Principles of Ultrarelativity, which contains
a section titled, "Elasticity of Electromagnetic Ether, " (Japan,) the book of a
German university prof. named Tirala called Mass-psychosis In the Sciences,
which also deals with Einstein's theories. Finally there is a major work in
preparation by Dr. Pulitzer. D.Sc., of Pulltzer family fame in London, England,
which will deal extensively with "para-physics" and the ether concept. More
should be done, however, and this writer will be happy to provide a research
enalysis on the conclusions of the above mentioned foreign authors, including
extensive source materlal, if there exist sufficient interest for this topic and
funding for such an undertaking can be secured, "There is a tremendous chal-
lenge with incalculable benefits in such a project; and the traditional American
zest for pleneering in new fields would certainly seem to justify it, especially
In view of the potential benefits not merely in the fleld of medicine, but also
in subatomic particle physics, space travel, nuclear chemistry, cosmology,
and many other flelds.
At a time when our esteemed friend and senior researcher, Galen T. Hierony-
mus, whom many consider as the foremost authority with the widest experlence
in American radionic research, conducted the historic Apollo space flight ex-
-110-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
periments and decided to publish his experimental research results on a private
basis, I felt honored for the privilege to write a short introductory paragraph for
his report. Today, I would like to repeat a concerned warning which concluded
this introduction:
DV7
"There is a
very urgent message to the American people in this experi-
ment. If we don't pursue this exciting fleld of research, other natlons
and ideologies will certainly do so!"
It is my opinion that radionics is today where acupuncture was shortly before
Dr. Paul Dudley White's visit to the Republic of China, Acupuncture was known
for hundreds of years, but it was simply tabu to mention even the word in
sclentific circles, Today, acupuncture is practiced by licensed physicians in
our country!
At the moment, radionics is still a sleeping giant in the world of science; and
therę still might be some hope to expect a research grant from the National
Science Foundation or another federal agency based upon the splendid work
done by Prof. Tiller and others in the world of academia,
Sen, William Proxmire has repeatedly questioned the modus operandi of the
activitles of the National Science Foundation, awardings its grants to the large
universities which always turned out to be strongholds of absolute sclentific
a terility. In one of his statements, Sen. Proxmire said:
• "The National Sclence Foundation continues to pour its support into the
açademic oligarchy of the large universities. The so-called advisory
o panels that review NSF programs and projects are, in turn, packed with
representatives from these universitles that get the grants. "
"I think it is high time the NSF looked past the East and West
Coast academic monopolies to find other important contributors to our
basic and applied research technology."
For example, he listed, some of these projects:
A one-year, $15, 870 project in "Hitchhiking - a viable addition to a
multimodal transportation system."
A one-year, $27, 600 study into "The social behavior of Alaskan Brown
bears,"
L. 1
Or a year-long, $112, study study into "The climate in Africa during the Ice-
age, "
Maybe the time has come to take a bold and independent step forward and to in-
vest a fraction of these funds into sleeping giants of real potential 11ke the
research of Dr. X, in conjunction with the independent findings of the Delawarr
labs, of Galen T. Hieronymus, of the Italian Prof. Todeschint, the German
Prof. I. G. Tirala, the Japanese Prof, Selki, the British Dr. Pulitzer, and
others, It would seem wise to concentrate on a sclentist who was specifically
-111-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1585, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
endorsed by the greatest American prophet in our time, Edgar Cayce.
11, 3a
The time is ripe for such a step, and it has to be undertaken nowif America does
not want to come in second best in this field I
monstel
And at this point, Mr. Chairman, may I recommend that the motton be made we
e stablish a society in this interest to be known as the g
"American Radionic Research Soclety."
Thank you.!
***
100 300
ATTN: The content of this paper is copyrighted and no authorized version or
reproduction is permitted without special approval by the author.
General Information
#CUI
It is generally accepted that the body has an energy fleld around it. ' This
bellef is held even without the proof of science, although vast research is
being conducted.
A small group of people belleve that this energy may be conducted along a
wire or conductor into a device which will allow measurement in a subjective
manner, that is by using the human body response to this energy to determine
a result.
Generally without indicatlon of the intensity of energy, Information 1s
determined by "frequency" changes of this energy.
Radionics is the utilization of an unusual energy or form of energy to pro-
duce desired effects.
The energy is pre-physical in that it is the force field around matter, thus
detection, tuning, and transmission comprise the art of radionics.
The energy Itself has two polaritles which are spiral twined together, or
may exist separate. These energies may divide into two more which are gen-
erally locked into matter.
Magic, Alchemy, Astrology all use this form of energy.
-112-
