{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T09:29:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2659286, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125286-cejka-the-omnar-flat-driver.pdf", "source_sha256": "75ca917798e6455660f16b5de78e12c3b83f7198c42685dd6882572cbc4d3f5a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1105, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ENGINEERING GUIDE
Rev. 3-13-85
FINAL
The OMNAR Flat Driver
A Breakthrough
In Audio Technology
(Photo of OMNAR Driver showing sides and front)
The OMNAR Flat Driver is a significant development in
audio technology that will have substantial impact on how
speaker systems and other products are designed. It
offers an outstanding combination of benefits which have
been sought by audio engineers for many years. This new
driver, now in the final stages of development, will be
brought to market precisely at a time when other
innovations in audio and video are pushing conventional
drivers beyond the ultimate limits of their capabilities.
A brief review of some of these developments reveals why
a radically different transducer concept like the OMNAR
Flat Driver is so urgently needed now and in the years to
come.
(Photo of Compact Disc player and Compact Discs)
1. WIDE DYNAMIC RANGE RECORDINGS AND ELECTRONICS. To an
ever increasing degree music is being recorded with
progressively greater and greater dynamic range. For
today's direct-to-disc and digitally encoded recordings,
Manuscript Sheet No. 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2150, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dynamic range exceeding 85 dB is commonplace. The result
is that persons owning Compact Disc players or many other
digitally encoded analog discs are finding that their
speakers systems are either grossly distorting or
selt-destructing when they try to cope with the Herculean
signals that have been captured by the latest recording
technology. What's more this problem, no doubt, 15 going
to worsen as such devastating dynanic range finds its way
onto cartridges for Beta and VHS Stereo Hi-Fi VCRs. The
conventional cone-type drivers used in TVs will not
handle this kind of power.
(Photo of high-end audio components)
2. ULTRA-LOW-DISTORTION ELECTRONICS. As the years have
measurable forms of distortion have gradually been
have rated THD and IM distortions as low as 0.001%. And
contemporary power amplifiers have distortion ratings as
low as 0.0027 at full output. Since most speakers systems
introduce 5% or more distortion, they are responsible for
as much as B0%-95% of the total distortion delivered by
many high-end stereo component systems. The fact is that
electromechanical transducers have not kept pace with
electronics in the race to banish distortion and enhance
fidelity.
(Photo of Stereo TV and/or projection TV)
3. STEREO, PROJECTION, AND FLAT SCREEN TVS. Anyone who
keeps tabs on the consumer electronics marketplace can't
help but be impressed by the flurry of developments being
introduced for video enthusiasts. Stereo television
receivers and stereo VCRs are finally bringing to the TV
medium the same sonic excitement that audio enthusiasts
have been enjoying for some time. And not only is the
signal encoded in stereo, but, by virtue of the latest
digital technology, it will ultimately feature low
distortion and vastly expanded dynamic range. In order
for flat screen TV to become a reality, speaker
technology is going to have to make substantial
progress. virtually overnight! All such factors are
combining to create a growing need in the television
industry for compact, narrow, shallow draft, low
distortion, audio drivers with high efficiency and
markedly higher power handling capabilities.
Manuscript Sheet No. 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2139, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Photo of high-end car stereo components)
4. HIGH-END CAR STEREO ELECTRONICS. The advent of high
quality car stereo head amps, power amps, equalizers,
electronic crossovers, wide-range speakers systems, and
other such components have brought to the automobile the
kind of sophisticated audio reproduction which, until
recent years, was available only in the home. However,
due to space limitations and other restraints inherent in
the automotive environment, driver designers and
manufacturers have found it challenging to keep up with
the escalating performance capabilities of car stereo
equipment. The result has been a great many blown drivers
and frustrated customers. And now that Compact Disc
players, with their awesome dynamic range, have become
available for automobiles, the situation can only worsen.
Myriad audio equipment manufacturers, particularly the
automotive DEMs, are being required by the demands of the
marketplace to implement two diametrically opposite goals
simultaneously. They are being asked to reduce driver
depth significantly (which means reducing cone depth)
and, at the same time, increase driver performance,
including power handling. The crux of the problem is that
the standard structural element of conventional
drivers--the cone--is most rigid in a deep draw
configuration. As a cone is flattened or reduced in
depth, it loses strength exponentially and, therefore,
sounds worse, not better. It also handles less power.
Since such conflicting market demands cannot possibly be
satisfied by cone driver technology, this situation
1_ poses
a serious problem for present and future product
applications. There exists a critical need in this
industry for a compact, shallow draft, low impedance, Iow
'ar ver that
inductance, economical driver that combines high power
handling with smooth response, low distortion, and high
efficiency-
Having explored some recent audio developments and
desirable transducer characteristics, let us examine the
OMNAR Flat Driver to see how it works and how it compares
with other kinds of drivers in terms of benefits to the
end user.
HOW IT WORKS
Manuscript Sheet No. 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2121, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Cutaway drawing or photo of OMNAR Driver)
The OMNAR Driver is markedly different from conventional
cone drivers and their cousins, the Japanese planar
drivers (Sony and others), in how the motor force is
generated and distributed to the sound radiating
surface.
The driving element or structure of this unusual
electro-acoustic transducer is formed from a sheet of
thin film material which bears a pattern of conductive
tracks. When the diaphragm is formed these conductive
tracks constitute a set of linear voice coils on an array
of projecting fins or vanes. A flat, rectangular, thin,
extremely rigid aluminum honeycomb membrane is attached
to the top of this thin film structure to serve as the
sound producing diaphragm. The resulting membrane
assembly is extremely lightweight and rigid. The magnet
assembly is designed so that the voice coil projections
are suspended in a series of corresponding linear
magnetic gaps.
alone)
(Photo of OMNAR Driver diaphragm/voice coil assemoly
Due to its unique linear design, the OMNAR Driver is able
to take advantage of the principle of DISTRIBUTED DRIVE.
Unlike a conventional cone driver, which must disperse
the force generated by the voice coil up the cone, the
OMNAR Driver generates the force over a much wider area
relative to the total driving surface of the diaphragm.
HOW IT COMPARES
In an 8-inch conventional driver with a large 2-inch
voice coil, the 6.75-inch cone has an area of
approximately 38 square inches and this area is driven
essentially by the b-inch circumference of the voice
coil. This means that about 6.33
square inches of
radiating area is driven by each linear inch of driving
element. In the case of the OMNAR Driver. a radiating
surface of 16 square inches is driven by 30 inches of
linear driving element. Therefore, only about 1/2 square
inch of radiating surface is driven by each linear inch
of driving element. The result, in this instance, is that
the OMNAR Driver distributes its drive 12.66 times more
effectively than does a conventional cone driver! In
comparisons between larger cone drivers and larger OMNAR
Manuscript Sheet No. 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2056, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Drivers, the differences are even more dramatic. In
addition, because it is modular in concept, the OMNAR
membrane maintains the same density of support structures
no matter how large the membrane is made for different
size drivers. Thus, the structural integrity of the
membrane remains constant, even as its size increases.
However, such is not at all the case with conventional
drivers. Larger cones have a much larger ratio of
radiating surface to drive element than do smaller ones.
But that's not all. The diaphragm also has about
two-thirds the mass of an B-inch driver cone. So it is
much easier to put into motion and to reverse direction.
Low mass is one of the factors which gives the OMNAR
Driver its excellent efficiency, relative to other flat
driver concepts (to be discussed later). The combination
of DIRECT DISTRIBUTED DRIVE and low mass creates a driver
which approaches the textbook ideal of an acoustic
piston.
(Illustration showing out-of-phase signals emanating from
the cavity of a cone-type driver versus in-phase signals
emanating from the flat membrane of an OMNAR Driver.)
Inherent within conventional cone drivers is a phenomenon
referred to as "Cavity Effect" distortion. Sound waves
emanating from the inner part of a cone have farther to
travel to the ear than do those generated by the same
electrical impulse but which emanate from the outer edge
of the cone. Since they travel different distances, they
reach the ear at different times, creating undesirable
phase cancellations as well as the smearing of subtle
musical details. The total absence of this effect is a
key factor responsible for the superb clarity exhibited
by the OMNAR Driver (and by electrostatic headphones as
well).
(Drawing or photo of dome-type driver)
Likewise, dome drivers are not without problems and
shortcomings. Some of these shortcomings include their
mechanical and electrical fragility, and their general
vulnerability to vandalism or mischief. In terms of mass
per driven area, the OMNAR Driver membrane compares
Manuscript Sheet No. S

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2143, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
favorably with the best dome tweeters and features a
flat, durable surface which is far more resistant to both
physical and electrical
abuse. The use of dome drivers
also necessarily involves crossaver and mounting problems
which result in complicated interference patterns and
irregular frequency response throughout most listening
positions.
While there are a number of speaker systems currently on
the market which feature planar-type drivers, none
provide high fidelity sound reproduction at a low
manufactured cost. Unlike the OMNAR Driver, they do not
lend themselves to high volume mass production techniques
vital to cost minimization. Unfortunately, for them, they
also share a variety of other deficiencies.
(Drawing or photo of Magnepan speaker systems)
Magnepan speaker systems offer respectable sound
reproduction, but they are expensive, large, and
extremely inefficient. Being bipolar radiators, they must
be placed at least 5 feet away from any walls, and they
are notably deficient in bass response. Because they
utilize a tensioned, flexible mylar sheet as the
diaphragm, this sheet can develop nodes and instabilities
and does not behave as a rigid piston.
(Photo or drawing of QUAD electrostatic speaker systems)
Electrostatic speaker systems have placement problems
similar to those of the Magnepans. And although they
don't necessarily need 200-watt-per-channel amplifiers
that the Magnepans require, they do need amplifiers that
are very tolerant of high capacitive loads, and such
amplifiers also are expensive. Electrostatic speaker
systems tend to collect dust and must be specially
cleaned periodically. Also, since they have separate
panels to radiate the high and low frequencies, they
cannot offer the advantage of smocth, evenly dispersed
frequency response, which is inherent in the full-range
OMNAR Driver.
Sony, Technics, Onkyo, and Hitachi have all made a
commitment to the flat driver concept. Because the round
voice coil/bobbin/magnet is the most convenient mode of
motor assembly, all of these companies have chosen to use
the round voice coil as their driving mechanism. So their
Manuscript Sheet No. 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2156, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
driver designs are based on mounting a flat surface to
the voice coil. To work properly, this surface must
remain rigid. To keep it rigid, the Japanese
manufacturers have incorporated multiple structural
supports which serve to couple the voice coil to the
planar surface and to transmit and disperse the force
produced by the voice coil. Instead of finding a way to
drive the flat membrane evenly, as is the case with
OMNAR's DIRECT DISTRIBUTED DRIVE technology, they have
concentrated their efforts on trying to keep the membrane
flat when driven unevenly. That this approach has not
worked is evidenced by flat driver systems which
sound
mediocre, are selling slowly, and are expensive.
(Photo or drawing of Technics flat driver and/or flat
driver speaker systems)
Sony comes closest to DISTRIBUTED DRIVE because they use
four voice coils to drive each large woofer membrane.
However, while the result is a distinguished high-end
speaker system, it costs thousands of dollars per pair.
Consequently, this approach is much too expensive to
become practical or popular. In addition, Sony's approach
does not provide the important advantages of a full-range
driver.
A careful review of cone, dome and planar driver designs
has lead us to the conclusion that the action of the
diaphragm of the OMNAR Driver much more closely
HERR Driven that
approaches the theoretical ideal of a true flat piston
than that of any other driver. Only DIRECT DISTRIBUTED
DRIVE together with the meticulous selection of high
performance, low-mass materials and a geometrically rigid
design of the driver membrane makes this achievement
possible. (See Patent No. 4,491,6981
BENEFITS AND ADVANTAgES
The OMAR Driver with its principle of DIRECT DISTRIBUTED
DRIVE and its associated manufacturing technology offers
a host of benefits and advantages. These dividends extend
to audio engineers, audio and video equipment
manufacturers, retail stores, and certainly to the
ultimate consumer-
1. HIGH ACCURACY AND LOW DISTORTION. Refined OMNAR Driver
designs should provide demonstrably better performance as
compared to conventional drivers. Being a full-range
Manuscript Sheet No. 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 2288, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
transducer, the OMNAR Driver offers substantial sonic
advantages over arrangements involving the use of
multiple narrow-range drivers. Aside from having
crossovers and associated problems (see below), most
speaker systems incorporating multiple narrow-range
conventional drivers suffer from inherently irregular
Off-axis frequency response due to constructive and
destructive interference effects. Such drivers cannot be
placed close enough together to eliminate these effects.
With respect to distortion, the open back of the OMNAR
Driver permits easy treatment of the back wave and
optimum loading to control excursion and minimize low
2222
frequency distortion. (This is not possible with most
types of planar drivers.) Likewise, high frequency
distortion measurements made on crude prototypes of this
driver yielded results that were below the residual
distortion of the test equipment of a major speaker
system manufacturer. The audible difference is
immediately discernable, even to the uneducated
ear.
(Graph of the OMNAR Driver's frequency response or
distortion. Curve must be extremely good to be adequately
impressive.)
2. HIGH EFFICIENCY, POWER HANDLING AND DYNAMIC RANGE
CAPABILITY. Because the voice coil of the OMNAR Driver is
in the magnetic gap, the electrical to mechanical energy
conversion is quite efficient. This is in sharp contrast
to virtually all other types of planar drivers which do
not use gap-driven voice coils and suffer very low
efficiency as a result. Power handling of machine-formed
membranes should be unusually high due to their
DISTRIBUTED DRIVE structural design, and high
heat-resistant materials. Furthermore, the driver is
designed to provide convection cooling (see below). Since
dynamic range capability is a function of both efficiency
and power handling capacity, both of which are high, the
OMNAR Driver should easily provide the dynamic range
which today's Compact Discs and other digitally encoded
program sources demand. In fact, due to its unique DIRECT
DISTRIBUTED DRIVE design, the OMNAR Driver should be able
to achieve a mimimum of 10 times the power handling or
dynamic range capabilities of the best conventional
drivers made today.
(Photo of back side of OMNAR Driver showing ventilated
magnet structurel
Manuscript Sheet No. 8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2235, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3. LOW HEAT OPERATION. The OMNAR Driver resists heat
build up and driver failure due to overheating because
the harder the driver is made to work, the more
effectively it cools its conductive tracks to insure
consistent performance and longevity. It has no
restricted chamber,
but rather is open front and rear to
permit air circulation and convection cooling. Other
factors which contribute to the cool running operation of
the OMNAR Driver are a well-ventilated magnet structure
which allows more air circulation; wide, thin flat
conductors, which offer much more surface area for heat
dissipation than do the tightly stacked and
multiple-layered wires within a conventional voice coil;
and wider spacing between adjacent conductors. The high
temperature structural film materials melt at 750 degrees
Fahrenheit and, therefore, will withstand the most severe
environmental temperature extremes.
(Photo or drawing of crossover components)
4- ELIMINATION OF CROSSOVER AND ASSOCIATED PROBLEMS.
Crossovers have always posed severe problems for speaker
system designers. Not only are crossovers expensive, but
they contribute to impedance/frequency response
irregularities. Crossovers often cause impedance dips
which are extremely low and potentially damaging to
amplifiers. This is particularly true if level controls
are incorporated into speaker systems in order to
compensate for differing driver efficiency. Likewise,
crossovers generally increase distortion. In particular,
the low impedances that can occur in 12 dB per octave
crossovers can greatly boost amplifier intermodulation
distortion. However, since the OMNAR Driver can be used
as a full-range driver, no crossover is necessary and all
these associated problems can be eliminated. Even in
space-restrictive environments where use of
two-way
systems is desirable--such as in automotive
applications--greatly simplified first order crossovers
could be deployed which would limit their expense and
minimize their negative effects on the systems function.
(Graph of the OMNAR Driver"s impedance curve. If not
flawless, should be omitted.)
5. LOW, SMOOTH IMPEDANCE WITH RELATIVELY LOW INDUCTANCE.
The OMNAR Driver can be designed in most any impedance
Manuscript Sheet No. 9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2093, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
configuration desired, making it ideal for design
applications. If offers the advantage of very low
inductance.
In fact, it is almost purely. resistive in
nature, and its impedance curve is reasonably flat and
smooth throughout the entire audio frequency range.
Because of these characteristics, it can be put in series
or parallel to the engineer's preference, and it allows
series/parallel combinations that would be impossible
with conventional drivers. Law impedance, low inductance
systems, which are very desirable in certain design
applications (such as in automobile stereo systems where
power is at a premium), are a simple matter to design.
6. DUTSTANDING TRANSIENT RESPONSE. Because of the very
short distance between the driving element (voice coil)
and every part of the sound radiating surface, the
machine-formed membrane should be driven essentially
instantaneously to frequencies beyond 40 kHz. Since, in
this instance, there is virtually no propagation delay,
the OMNAR Driver should exhibit an extraordinarily fast
rise time and extremely good transient response. In this
regard, the design of the OMNAR Driver is inherently
superior to that of any cone driver and is matched only
by electrostatic drivers, which suffer from other serious
problems.
(Photo or drawing of the front and side views of the
OMNAR Driver)
7. SHALLOW DRAFT AND LONG, NARROW SILHOUETTE. The
production version of the OMNAR Driver will measure about
1-5 inches deep, 14 inches long, and 4.25 inches wide,
and much smaller drivers (about
1 x 5 × 3.5) are
possible. Therefore, it can easily be applied to
automotive applications, especially those involving
shallower bodies such as compacts and sports cars. With
their long, narrow silhouette, OMNAR Drivers are a
natural for use in Stereo TVs and may prove even more
popular for flat screen TVs. Custom versions of the
driver can be produced with depths of 0.5 inch or less,
and with different lenoth-to-width ratios in order to
accommodate specialized applications.
(Photos or drawings of sports cars, airplanes, boats,
etc.)
Manuscript Sheet No. 10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2170, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8. ENORMOUS DIVERSITY OF POTENTIAL APPLICATIONS. As the
wide ranging advantages of the OMNAR Driver become well
known to product designers, there may be few applications
for which they will not be considered and deemed
preferable. For instance, membrane sizes could range from
miniaturized cells 0.5 inch deep or less, to huge 30-1nch
square woofers capable of 1.5-inch excursions and
generating awesome loudness levels. Because the
diaphragm/voice coil assembly is impervious to moisture,
they can be used outdoors and will be welcomed on boats
and planes. Possibilities for portable applications
abound. Very few transducers since the development of the
original conventional cone driver have held so much
promise.
9. MAXIMUM FLEXIBILITY FOR DESIGNERS AND ENGINEERS.
Because of its compactness, ideal impedance
characteristics, economy, and other factors, designers
are freer to innovate and decide how best to capitalize
on its many advantages. Use of the OMNAR Driver may well
permit high fidelity reproduction to be brought to places
it has never been before. Strikingly new speaker system
shapes and styles are a virtually a certainty. For
engineers and designers alike, the OMNAR Driver overcomes
a multitude of aggravations and limitations.
(Photo of OMNAR Speaker System)
10. UNIQUE MARKETING LOOK. When marketing people think of
selling consumers on something entirely new they know
that their products must LOOK new to demand the attention
of büyers. The long, narrow, flat radiating surface. of
the OMNAR Driver has a unique, high-tech appearance that
cannot be mistaken for anything else in the marketplace.
Orie glance tells the buyer that this is no common
speaker--that this is different. In addition, its
perfectly flat membrane will prompt recall of the many
advertisements by credible audio firms (such as Sony and
Technics), promoting the flat driver as the ultimate
audio speaker system.
(Drawings or photos of cutaway side views of speaker
system containing conventional drivers and one having
OMNAR Drivers)
11. COMPETITIVE PRICING. Attractive system pricing makes
this driver extremely competitive with other high quality
Manuscript Sheet No. 11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1959, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
audio drivers which cannot offer a fraction of its
advantages and benefits. The fact that this driver can
sound better while replacing multiple drivers of
different sizes, crossover components and wiring (with
economic and space savings in the bargain), suggests it
should meet with widespread acceptance.
12. OUTSTANDING MANUFACTURABILITY. Since the design of
the OMNAR Driver represents such a substantial departure
from current conventional driver design, OMNAR
TECHNOLOGIES is developing an entirely new manufacturing
process that will assure production quantities sufficient
to meet market demands. At present, driver manufacturing
involves considerable numbers of components and a great
deal of hand labor in assembly. Because of the nature of
the materials used in the OMNAR Driver and the design of
the driver, most of the manufacturing process can be
automated using equipment designed by OMNAR TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. This equipment, which is proprietary, involves the
thermo-forming of plastic sheets upon which a conductive
circuit has been printed. The machine tooling likewise is
capable of producing a variety of cell sizes and
configurations.
(Photo or drawing of a pensive designer or engineer
holding the OMNAR Driver and happily pondering how he is
going to make use of it.)
The OMNAR Driver is a development whose time has come.
Each passing day brings forth new demands which cannot be
resolved within the limitations of current technology-
Experience and common sense are compelling audio
engineers to turn to flat driver technology for future
driver applications.
The OMNAR Technology offers a logical, viable alternative
which, if brought to fruition in a timely manner, has the
potential to establish itself as the new standard for
acoustic drivers. At the same time, it should also make
extended-range high fidelity reproduction available and
affordable to a much wider audience than previously has
been possible.
Manuscript Sheet No. 12
