{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T03:09:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 23, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13013524, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304287642284374, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125222-cejka-design-construction-and-operating-principles-of-electromagnetics-for-attracting-copper-aluminum.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541085430000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125222-cejka-design-construction-and-operating-principles-of-electromagnetics-for-attracting-copper-aluminum.pdf", "source_sha256": "d1fc63d61fd6e6a9b86c9b6fe7fab1b9eef9476109307ab084e8764ba160595e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION & OPERATING
PRINCIPLES OF ELECTROMAGNETS FOR
ATTRACTING COPPER, ALUMINUM &
OTHER NON-FERROUS METALS
by
Leonard R. Crow
EDUCATIONAL SPECIALIST
In Development of
Electrical Instruction
DIRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
OF
Universal Scientific Company, Inc.
THE SCIENTIFIC BOOK PUBLISHING CO.
VINCENNES, INDIANA
1951

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1276, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTRICAL BOOKS
BY
Leonard R. Crow
SATURATING CORE DEVICES
OPERATING PRINCIPLES AND APPLICATIONS
2.
LEARNING ELECTRICITY AND ELECTRONICS
EXPERIMENTALLY
3.
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES
OF ELECTROMAGNETS FOR ATTRACTING
COPPER, ALUMINUM & OTHER NON-FERKOUS METALS
SYNCHROS, SELF-SYNCHRONOUS DEVICES
AND
ELECTRICAL SERVO-MECHANISMS
5.
METALLIC RECTIFIERS
PRINCIPLES AND APPLICATIONS
Published My
THE SCIENTIFIC BOOR PUDLISHING COMPANY
VINCENNES. INDIANA
Copyright 1951
Leonard R. Crow
Lind in A
EDWARDS BROTHERS, INC.
ANN ARKOS, MICHIGAN
1951
1940-1451
Loak for Polnts
PREFACE
Back in 1935 I gave a public lecture demonstration
at the physics department of Illinois University in
which I used an electrical training ald of my own de-
sign and construction lo show that an electromagnet
could be used to attract non ferromagnetic metals
of good electrical conductivity.
In the following five years I devoled much thought,
time, aad effort to making various types, styles and
sizes of electromagnets with which I could produce
attraction of non ferrous-metals effectively.
Following is a description of, and basic fundamental
operaling principles pertaining to the type of elec-
tromagnet that I have found most effective for the
attraction of non ferrous-metals,

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 705, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTICE
Some of the devices and constructions illustrated
and described in this book are covered by letters
patent. Designers and manufacturers are warned
to check the patent situation thoroughly, before in-
corporating any of the embodiments described
herewith into their own designs or constructions.
Illustration or description in this book must not
be construed to imply that a device, system or con-
struction shown herein is common property avail-
able for public use by anyone. Accordingly, there-
fore, the publishers or author will not assume any
responsibility for damages arising out of litigation
involving infringement suits relative to any system,
construction or apparatus described herein.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1288, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTROMAGNETS OF SPECIAL CONSTRUCTION FOR THE
ATTRACTION OF NON-FERROMAGNETIC METALS
Magnetiam is one of the most interesting and mysterlous as
well as one of the most importaat physical phenomena known.
Through its action we generate and utilize the enormous quan-
tities of electrical power which make possible modern industry
and modern living. Many important principles of electromag-
netism can be understood from the study of an electromagnet,
Invented and designed by the author, which attracts non-ferro-
magnetic metals.
Everyone has experimented with magnets and observed their
attraction for fron filings, nails, and other small articles of
Iron and steel. Some of you will have seen large electromag-
nets attached to cranes pick up tons of scrap steel and move it
about with ease. Tons of iron are held firmly to the magnet
with an invisible force and are released by the flip of a switch.
You have also observed that while iron is attracted with such
force, other metals such as aluminum, copper, and silver are
unaffected. This principle is often used to separate iron from
non-ferrous metals. No doubt you have used a magnet to defer-
mine whether a nickel plated screw had an tron or brass base.
You may also have noticed that If alternating current is applied
Figure 1

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1940, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTROMAGNETS
Figure 2
to an ordinary electromagnet, non-magnetic metals of good
electrical conductivity will actually be repelled. In view of all
of the above it will be most interesting to learn how magnetism
can be used to attract non-ferromagnetic metals.
In 1934 the author designed equipment with which it was pos-
sible to demonstrate principles whereby non-ferromagnetic
metals might be attracted by a special magnet. In 1940 the
aathor completed the development and construction of an elec-
tromagnet which would actually attract metals such as alumi-
num, copper and silver. In fact the magnet would attract any
metal of fair or good electrical conduetivity. Toward the end
of 1947 the author completed the design and construction of a
much Improved electromagnet for the attraction of non-ferrous
metals, the detalls and description of which are Included in this
article. The special electromagnet is Illustrated in Figure 1.
In Figure 2 the magnet, with its axis horizontal, is shown
supporting a heavy piece of copper. In Figure 3 two pieces of
aluminum have been added to the original piece of copper.
Figure 4 shows the magnet supporting two silver dollars. The
size of the magnet is illustrated by comparison with the silver
dollars. That the magnet may also be used to attract iron is
Indicated clearly in Figure 5.
Before considering the details of construction and principles
of operation of the special electromagnet, let us review some
of the baste principles of magnetism and electromagnetism.
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 3
Figure 3
We will not only observe that non-ferromagnetic metals can be
attracted to an clectromagnet but will also gain the pleasure of
understanding Its principles of action.
Oersted in 1819 was the first to show that a current carrying
wire was surrounded by a magnetic field. He discovered that a
compass needle aligas itself at right angles to a wire carrying!
Figure 4

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 981, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FLECTROMAGNETS
Fipire 5
an electric current. Thus it is known that in a circuit similar
Lo that in Piguro 6, there will be a magnetle field about the wire
in the direction shown. The current direction is in accordance
SWITCH
DRY
CELL
Figura 6
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 5
with the conventional explanation that current flow is from posi-
tive to negative.
If a compass is placed above the wire it will point in the di-
rection shown in Figure 7-A, pointing at right angles to the cur-
rent carrying conductor, The compass needle will point in the
direction that the flux lines are moving. If the current is re-
versed as in Figure T-B the compass will point in the opposite
direction as shown and we know the flux lines have reversed
their direction.
+ 0=
Figure 7
If we place a number of magnetle needles or compasses about
a current carrying conductor in the manner shown in Figure 8
the compass needles will point in the directions illustrated.
B
+
Figure 8

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 1989, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
ELECTROMAGNETS
This indicates very elearly that the magnetle lines of force are
directed in a circular path around the conductor and that their
direction reverses with a reversal of current in the conductor.
To determine the direction of the flux lines we grasp the
conductor in the right hand with the thumb pointing in the direc-
tion of the current. Then the fingers encircle the wire in the
direction of the flux lines (see Figure 9). This is known as the
Right Hand Rule,
CONDUCTOR
- THUMB POINTED
IN DIRECTION
OF CURRENT
DIRECTION
OF MAGNETIC
FLUX
Figure 9
Now let two parallel wires carrying current in the same di-
rection be placed near each other as in Figure 10. The compass
will point in the direction shown In Figure 10-A if placed above
either wire and will also point in the same direction if shifted
to any position above the two wires. However, it will reverse
Its direction when placed underneath either or both of the wires
(Figure 10-B). Thus we conclude that flux lines encirele each
wire and also that there are lines extending around or encircling
both wires.
We can now deduce two important properties of flux lines.
It is to be observed by experiment that parallel wires such as
those illustrated in Figure 11 are attracted by the magnetie ac-
tion of the two currents flowing in the same direction. This at-
traction can be explained by saying that the lines of flux are
under tension like stretched rubber bands, that is, they tend to
shorten. Those lines which encirele both wires will, then, tend
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 7
Figure 10
to pull the wires together. Note that the flux lines between the
wires are opposite in direction. We may also say that in a re-
gion such as the space between the wires where the lines of flux
are In opposite directions, there is attraction between the con-
ductors.
Now let the two parallel wires carry currents in opposite di-
rections as in Figure 12. The flux lines about No. 1 conductor
Figure 11

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2419, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTROMAGNETS
No.l
No. 2
Figure 12
will be opposite to the flux lines about No. 2 conductor and there
are no flux lines encireling both conductors.
The two conductors
will ropel each other. Thus we see that flux lines which travel
in the same direction, as in the space between the wiree, Pro-
duce repulsion.
From the foregoing we see that such non-ferromagnetic
metals as copper conductors can be moved about in magnetic
fields because of the magnetic lines of force that are produced
by currents flowing in the conductors (metals) themselves. This
does not, necessarily, indicate that it is possible to magnetize
non-ferromagetle metals (such as copper or aluminum) in the
manner that we do a plece of stel or other ferromagnetic metal;
however, it is quite interesting to note the striking similarity
of attraction and repulsion as shown by Figures 13 and 14.
In Figure 13, by the use of conventianal symbols, two con-
ductors are shown carrying current. The circles with a plus
(+ at their centers represent the cross section of two conduc-
tors carrying current away from the observer. The direction
of the mugnetle flux about the conductors is also shown in rela-
tion to the direction of current flow. Just below the two conduc-
tors are two permanent magnets with an indication of the direc-
lion of flux lines of each magnet in relation to its' palarity.
Note the similarity in the direction of the flux lines betweon the
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 0
ATTRACTION
Figure 13
magnets and belween the conductors carrying current. It le
Show in the drawint and can easily he demonstrated that there Art?
Is attraction between the two copper (non-ferrous) conductors
when the flux lines between them are in opposito directions;
likewise, there is attraction between the two pleces of steel
(permanent magnets) when the flux lines between them are in
opposite directions.
In Figure 14, Illustration is made of the same two conductors
and pormanent magnels except here the current in the right hand
conductor is represented as flowing toward the observer, such
designation being a dot (-) at the center of the circle (conductor).
Also, it is to be noted that the right hand permanent magnet las
Its polarity reversed to that of Figure 13. Here the magnetic
lines of force between the lwo conductora are in the same direc-
Hon thereby producing repulaion botween the two copper
REPULSION
Figure 14

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 2176, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
ELECTROMAGNETS
(non-ferrous) conductors. Likewise the magnetic lines of force
between the two permanent magnets are in the same direction
and repulsion is produced between the two (ferrous) steel mag-
nets.
From the foregoing illustrations we see that magnetic lines
of force flowing in opposite directions between current carrying
conductors or between magnets (between non-ferrous or between
ferrous metals) produce attraction. And that magnetic lines of
force flowing in the same direction between current aarrying
conductors or between magnels (between non-ferrous or between
ferrous metals) produce repulsion,
The magnetic force about a current carrying conductor is
quite small unless a very large current is set up in it. In order
to produce quite striking demonstrations to further illustrate
basic laws of magnetiam and their relation to and association
with electrical currents we shall utilize a conveniently arranged
electrical training aid as an efficient and inexpensive means of
supplying a very laige current to a single conductor at a low
voltage and low power consumption.
This device (shown in Figure 15) Is a specially desimed dis-
sectible transformer. The two turn seconaary provides a cur-
rent source of more than 400 amperes at less than 3 volts po-
tential and when short circuited by the single copper loop fU con-
ductor), provides the conductor with an extremely heavy current.
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES I1
This U conductor when carrying a current of approximately 400
amperes can be used to produce (with small power consumption)
some striking experiments to illustrate important basic mag-
netic phenomena.
Figure 15 illustrales how a current of 400 amperes will pro-
duce a very strong magnelic field about a conductor. In fact,
the magnetie field about the conductor in this instance is so
great that a layman might easily mistake the conductor for a
magnet, Although it does actually look like the copper conductor
has become a magnet, we know, of course, that the small nails
are magnetized by the strong magnetic feld produced as a re-
sult of the large current flow through the copper (U) wire.
Pizure 16
Figure 15

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3100, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
ELECTROMAGNETS
To further illustrate the effect of the magnetic field produced
by the current flow through this U loop conductor, Figure 16
shows a large nail suspended within and at the center of the
loop. The large current flow through the loop conductor pro-
duces a magnetic field about the loop which magnetizes the large
nall. Visual proof that the large nail is magnetized is shown by
the fact that it attracts and holds in suspension a large number
of small nails,
To proceed a step further, we shall now study Figure 17.
Here a few large nails are shown within the loop of copper wire
Figure 17
and it is to be noted that all these nails have become magnetized
by the magnetic field about the current carrying conductor. Each
of the nails has become a magnet and they all repel each other
because like poles of a magnet repel. These nail magnets have
the same polarity because they are all on the same side of the
conductor and are subject to lines of force that are flowing in
the same direction. Although the current flowing through the
copper loop is alternating it nevertheless produces a magnetic
flux that at any instant is in the same direction through all the
nails. As the field strength and palarity of any one nail changes,
it likewise changes through all the others. Consequently, the
nails have like polarities at all times which results in repulsion
between them since like poles repel.
Let us assume that the magnetic flux for a given alternation
Is flowing downward on the inside of the copper loop conductor.
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 13
As the magnetic flux circles aboot the conductor it will flow up-
ward on the outside of the loop. Therefore, a nail placed on the
outside of the loop will have the opposite polarity to one on the
inside and attraction will result between a nail on the outside
and one on the inside since unlike poles attract. Figure 18 shows
this very clearly where several nails on the inside of the loop
cling to the nails on the outside of the loop.
Figure 18
As has previously been stated the magnetic force about a
current carrving conductor is quite small unless a very large
current is made to flow through it, In order to concentrate the
action and increase the force, the wire may be formed into sev-
eral turns as shown in Figure 19. Here there are three turns
forming the coil (helix) thercby coacentrating the magneticlines
of force along several inches of the conductor into a small space,
which shows how the magnetic strength produced by a given cur-
rent flow can be concentrated.
It is a well established fact that the magnetic force (strength)
of a coll is directly proportional to the ampere turns of the
coil. To find the ampere turns of a coil it is necessary to mul-
tiply the number of turns in the coil by the current flow, in am-
peres, through the coil. For example, a coil of 100 turns carry-
ing 10 amperes is equivalent to a coil of 10 turns carrying 100
amperes, assuming of course that all other factors could be
made equal in each coil.
The magnetic force between two parallel conductors may be

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1750, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
ELECTROMAGNETS -
Figure 19
augmented by concentrating the magnetic field and thereby in-
creasing the force by forming the conductors into coils as shown
in Figure 20. Here there would be many flux lines linking both
coils and thus polling them together so long as the currents
Figure 20
through both coils were in the same direction, If the leads to
one of the couls were reversed thereby reversing the direction
of current flow through that colt, the two coils would repel each
other.
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 15
A very striking demonstration of the attractive and repulsive
forces produced by the magnetic fields of two coils is illustrated
by Figures 21 and 22. In Figure 21-A two coils are shown sus-
pended and separted a considerable distance before current was
I STRINGS
ASTRINGS
Figure 21
made to flow through them. A current flow through the two coils
in the same direction caused the altractive force to be so great
that the coils jumped together through several inches as shown
* In Figure 21-B.
By suspending the two coils so that they touched each other
before passing current through them, they were as shown in
Figure 22-A. But as soon as current was made to flow through
the two coils in opposite directions they repelled eaah other In
the manner shown in Figure 22-D.
In order to concentrate and utilize effectively the magnetle
Ines of force that are produced by a current flow through a
conductor, for most applications it is advisable to use ferro-
magnetic metals such as steel to conduct the flux, because air
is a very poor conductor of magnetism and ferromagnetic metals
such as steel are exceptionally good magnetic conductors. That
is, air offers a high reluctance while ferromagnetic metals offer

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1101, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
ELECTROMAGNETSiẠ
I STRING
STRING
Figure 22
low reluctance. How a ferromagnetic metal may be used to il-
lustrate this fact is clearly shown by the use of the soft steel
cores shown in Figures 23 and 24.
The foregoing experiments should be sufficient to give a very
clear picture of how magnetic flux is produced by current flow
Figure 25
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 17
Figure 24
and something of the relation of the flux to the current flow.
chane disree pro tuced by has been m. we mustal to study the
effect of magnetism in inducing a voltage or current if we are
to understand the attraction of non-magnetic metals by the spe-
cial electromagnet.
After Oersted discovered the magnetic field about a con-
ductor carrying current in 1819, many experimenters attempted
to produce the inverse effect. That is, they tried to produce a
current by means of a magnetic field, All were unsuccessful
until Faraday's historic experiments in 1831. Faraday showed
that a current, or more correctly an electromotive force, was
induced when the amount of flux threading a coil was changing,

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2417, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
ELECTROMAGNETS
but that no voltage was induced by a steady magnetlc field re-
gardless of how strong it might be made. Let us consider a few
simple experiments concerning induced electromotive force.
Let the bar magnet of Figure 25 be thrust quickly into the
coil. The d-c voltmeter with a zero center saale will deflect
N
S
Figure 25
momentarily either to the right or left depending upon the po-
larity of the connections. Let us say it deflects to the right.
Next, if the magnet is withdrawn quickly tho voltmeter will de-
flect momentarily to the left.
Now let the bar magnet be replaced by a coil or solenoid and
a battery as in Figure 26. Upon closing the battery circuit the
Figure 26
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 19
voltmeter will show a deflection, and will deflect in the opposite
direction upon opening the circult. The magnitude of the voltage
Induced with the arrangement of Figure 26 would be quite small,
However, the magnitude of the induced voltage can be greatly
increased by inserting a laminated iron core in the solenoid as
in Figure 27. The introduction of an airon core causes a great
B
Figure 27
deal more flux to be set up in coil B for a given current in the
coil A, thus increasing the induced voltage, We say the iron
carries flux more readily than air because it has a higher per-
meability.
Let us consider the direction of the induced electromotive
force in Figure 27. Upon closing the switch, current will flow
in the direction of the arrows on the solenoid winding and thus
produce a north pole at the right hand end of the iron core. Now
* we must use a law discovered by Lenz in 1834 which is caller
Lenz' Law. The law may be stated as follows: Any induced
electromotive force lends to set up a current in such a direçtion
as to oppose the actlon which produced the electromotive force,
Thus, upon closing the switch in Figure 27, a current would be
induced in coil D in the dircetion Indicated because such a cur-
rent would set up a magnetic flux which opposes the flux set up
by a north pole at the right hand end of the electromagnet core.
Figure 28 shows that coil B will be repelled since flux lines in
the same direction repel. We might also consider that the cur-
rent in coil A is producing a north pole at the left side of coil B
which is repelled by the adjacent north pole of coll A. Upon
opening the switch, the current in coll A would be reversed

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3406, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
ELECTROMAGNETS
Figure 28
(decreasing). According to Lenz! law, the induced current in
coll B would set up a magnetic flux whleh would tend to prevent
the decrease of the existing flux. Under this condition, the flux
in coil I would be reversed, and coll B would be attracted to-
ward the electromagnet A. Figures 26 and 27 show turns of
wire having voltages induced in them because of a changing cur-
rent in the solenoid. It is evident that a conducting non-ferro-
magnetic washer would behave in a similar manner.
You recall that for direct current, indueed voltages and cur-
rents appear only during switching operations and that there la
no induced voltage during steady current flow regardless of how
strong the fields may be. However, the author's special electro-
magnet utilizes alteraating current, and if we are to understand
the operation of the electromagnet we must consider a few of
the characteristics of alternating current.
As you already know alternating current has the property of
reversing its direction of flow many times a second, For the
usual 60 cycle current it flows in one direction for 1/120th of
second, and then in the opposite direction for the next 1/120th
second. However, it does not change abruptly from say 10 am-
peres in one direction to 10 amperes in the other direction.
This would require a very rapid change in current at the rever-
sals and consequently induce high voltages. Instead it changes
in the gradual manner Illustrated in Figure 29. This curve is
called a sine wave and represents many natural motions ns well
as alternating eurrent. For example, it represents the velocity-
time relation of a weight suspended from a spring and set into
scillation. Considering alternating current, the point A
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 21
CURRENT
TIME
Figure 29
represents zero current, but the current is increasing. In fret,
It is increasing most rapidly at this point of the wave. The polut
I represents maximum current, but the current has stopped in-
creasing, Beyond point B the current decreases. At point C
the current is zera and decreasing most rapidly. From C to D
and E the effect is repeated but in the opposite direction. Thus
we see that with alternating currenta, the current is changing
continuously except at the peaks of the wave, that is, except at
points like B and D. Since changing current produces changing
flux, and changing flux produces induced voltages and current
in conductors linked by the changing flux, then allernating cur-
rents produce similar alternaling induced electromotive forces.
Now let us consider an Iron core solenoid connected to an
alternaling current source with a non-ferromagnetic conducting
washer (short circuited secondary) suspended before it as in
Figure 30. At some Instant the solenold current is increasing
in the direction indicated. The direction of the induced current
In the washer will be as Indicated becauso an induced voltage
Is always in the opposite direction to the inducing voltage. Thus
the washer will be repelled from the electromagnet bocause the
flux lines produced by the current flow in the washer produces
a north pole adjacent the end of the electromagnet nearest the
washer, and the current flow through the eleetromagnet pro-
duces a north pole adjacent the face of the washer nearest the
electromagnet.
The repulsive force exerted between the field of an a.c.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 2810, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTROMAGNETS ..
STRING
AC SOURCE
REPULSION
Figure 30
electromagnet and the fleld of a short cfreuited secondary
(washer) is strikingly shown by a study of Figures 31 and 32.
Figure 31 shows an electromagnet and with a means provided
for connecting it to a source of alternating current. The clectro-
magnet has an extended core over which are placed three alumi-
num washers resting on the end of the magnet coll (primary
winding). When the magnet winding is energized by the alter-
nating current the magnetie field produced by the coil winding
and that set up by the (secondary) aluminum washer current
produce repulsion and the washers are thrown violently into the
air, as shown in Figure 32,
CONDUCTIVE
WASHERS
REPELLED
CONDUCTIVI
WASHERS
10 A.C.
a TO A.C.
SOURCE
Figure 31
Figure 32
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 23
Let two washers be placed near the end of the electromagnet
as in Figure 33. Some of the flux from the electromagnet wil!
thread or cut through both of the washers, and at a particular
instant currents in the two washers and in the electromagnet
winding will have the directions Indicated. Here we have one of
the most important operating principles of the special electro-
magnet for attracting non-magnetic metals.
Figure 33
Compare the situation of the currents in the two washers of
Figure 33 with the currents in the two colls of Figures 20 and
21. The currents are flowing in the same direction and as in-
dicated in Figure 33, there will be flux lines linking the two
washers which will tend to pull them together. However, since
the force of repulsion between the a.e. electromagnet and both
washers is very strong it is difficult to show by the arrangement
of Figure 33 that there is an attraction between the two washers.
If the currents in the two washers were sufficiently large the
washers would be pulled together with considerable force, The
hole in either washer is Immaterlal since flux passes through
non-ferromagnetie materials just as it does through air.
With this fundamontal principle In mind, (that there is at-
traction between the two washers of Figure 33), let us now con-
sider the construction and fields of the special electromagnet
which will attract non-ferrous materials. The electromagnet
is shown diagramatically in Figure 34. The few turns shown
represent the entire winding of the electromagnet. Figure 35 Ix
a cross section of the inner and outer laminated iron cores
which exlend the entire axial length of the electromagnet. Fig-
ure 30 shows the inner core and the group of copper washers
which partially fill the annular space between the inner and
outer cores. These copper washers occupy this space in only
the face end of the magnet. The top washer shows clearly in
the photograph of Figure 1. The complete electromagnet is

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 906, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
AC WINDING
ELECTROMAGNETS -
LAMINATED
CYLINDRICAL
•CORE
-COPPER WASHERS
- LAMINATED
CENTER
O COME
Figure 34
mounted on a supporting stand for convenience in demonstrating
its unique ability to attract non-ferromagnetle metals.
We now know the construction of the electromagnet and have
studied the essential magnotic theory involved in its operation.
LAMINATED
CYLINDRICAL
-CORE
LAMINATED
CENTER
CORE
Figure 35
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 25
LAMINATED
CENTER
COPPER
-WASHERS
CORE-
Figure 36
With this information it will not be difficult to explain its
performance.
Figure 37 is a cross section of the magnet with the four
copper washers removed. The eircles at the top and bottom
represent the winding. The dots and crosses indicate that cur-
rent is directed out of the paper above and into the paper below
at the Instant consldered. We know from the right hand rule that
Figure 37

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3518, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
ELECTROMAGNETS *
the flux Ines are directed toward the right within the coll. We
also know that practically all of the flux is concentrated in the
iron because of its high relative permeability.
Now let the copper washers be replaced as indicated in the
cross section of Figure 38. Again let us consider an instant
when the alternating current is increasing and directed out of
Figure 3B
the paper above as Indicated by the dots. Referring to the theory
presented in connection with Figures 25, 28, and 27, wo know
that the induced currents in the copper washers will be direated
* in the opposite direction to those in the coil as indicated by the
dots in the lower half of the washers.
Lenz" law stales that the
current in the washers will produce a flux which will oppose the
flux produced by the primary, Thus the current in the washers
produces a flux directed toward the left through the center of
the washers: Note that the action of the induced current in the
washers is such that the fox it produces tends to crowd the
flux out of the center core and into the outer core.
Now let a plece of copper be brought near the face of the
magnet as shown in Figure 30. The flux lines passlug through
the plece of copper will induce a voltage which will cause a cur-
rent in the plece of copper in the same direetion as the current
in the copper washers of the electromagnet. This current will
cause the piece of copper to be attracted to the copper washers
just as the two wires were attracted in Figure 11, the two coils
In Figure 20, the two colls in Figure 21-B, and the two washers
in Figure 33.
The currents in the washers and in the plece of copper pro-
duce magnetic flux lines threading both the washers and piece
of copper.
These flux lines tend to act as stretched rubber hands
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 27
Figure 39
pulling the two parts together. The olternating current in the
copper washers is sufficiently large that the copper piece is
pulled forcibly agalnst the face of the magnet. Additional con-
ductive pleces are attracted, but with decreaalng force, Each
added piece will have less induced current than the preceding
one and will thus be attracted less forcibly toward the copper
washors.
However, the electro-magnet shown is powerful enough
to readily support two silver dollars or several dises of alumi-
num.
In this type of electromagnet there is another force Involved
which Is of interest and importance. This force is one con-
cerned with the effect produced by a traveling magnetic field.
By this we simply mean that due to the particular construction
of this clectromagnet there are two magnetic flux fields pro=
duced at the end of the magnet, The first of these is the flold
produced by the primary coll which is a sinusoidal varying field
sel up by the primary current. The second is a field in the
central core which lags the first field by a few degrees (less
than one half cycle). The Interaction of the two felds over the
face of the magnet produces a magnetic field which appears to
move from the outer core of the magnet in toward the central
core. The traveling magnetic field is utilized in this electro-
magnot in a manner which produces strong centering action in
the mass being attracted by the magnet.
The traveling magnetic field ta produced in this electromag-
net in exactly the same manner as in many commercial single-
phase induction motors. These motors are called shaded polet
motors and the principle involved is called the "shaded pole"

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3210, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28
ELECTROMAGNETS
principle. The shaded pole provides the rotating field required
to start the rotor of the single-phase induction motor. To ex-
plain what is meant by a "shaded pole" let us study the electro-
magnet of Figure 40.
DIKECTION OF
FORCE ON *Y*
SHORT
CIRCUITED
COPPER.
INDUCTOR
Figure 40
Here we have a laminated core electromagnet in which a
short circuited copper ring is embedded in the pole face. The
portion of the pole face inside the short circuited turn is sald
to be shaded, while that portion external to it is unshaded. So
the pole itself is called a shaded pole" and the short circuited
turn (conductor) is known as the shading coil."
With alternating current in the primary winding, there is an
alternating magnetic field in the unshaded portion of the pole
which is in time phase with the alternating current producing it.
The magnetic field in the shaded portion of the pole lags the
above mentioned field due to the action of the shading coll.
Let us assume that at a given instant, the flux in the unshaded
portion is a certain value and increasing. The flux in the shaded
portion due to the primary coll is that same value, but in the
shaded portion the flux set up by the current induced in the
"shading coll" is in the opposite direction (Lens" Law) so the
net flux Is some smaller value. This would mean that given
values of flux would oceur first in the unshaded portion of the
pole and at a slightly later time, in the shaded portion of the
pole. Hence, the appearance of a shifting or moving magnetic
field results.
The direction of the shifting flux is across the
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 29
pole face from the unshaded portion toward the shaded por-
tion.
Figure 41 is a schematic drawing of a shaded pole motor.
Here we see the direction of the shifting flux and the direction
of rotation of the rotor. Note that the flux shifts in a direction
SHADING COIL:
•SHIFTING FLUX
ROTATION
OF ROTOR
• TO A.C. SOURCE
Figure 41
from the unshaded toward the shaded portion of either motor
pole. It is a well established fact that a conductor in a rotating
magnetic field will have a force exerted on it tending to make
the conductor follow the rotating field. Therefore, the force on
the conductors in the rotor face cause it to move from the un-
shaded toward the shaded pole section as illustrated in Figure 41.
* From the foregoing explanations it is obvious that the copper
conductor (Y) of Figure 40 will have a force exerted on it that
will move it in the direction indicated toward the shaded portion
of the pole.
If a three legged core as shown in Figure 12 is wound with a
coil and excited by a source of alternating current the three pole
pieces will all become (N) north poles at some instantancous
value of the impressed voltage which will result in repulsion be-
tween the flux lines as illustrated. The flux of the two outer
poles will tend to repel the flux lines of the center pole to crowd
them toward the center and the flux from the center pole will
tend to repel the flux of the two outer poles. Here now we have
exactly the condition existing in the authora special electro-
magnet except that in the electromagnet the two outer poles are

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1799, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
ELECTROMAGNETS
MAGNETIC FIELDS OF
LIKE FOLARITY REPEL
TO A.C.
SOURCE
Pigure 42
formed into one continuous cylindrical pole about the inner pole.
But in addition the center pole of the authors special electro-
magnet has a short eireuited (copper washer) secondary sur-
rounding the pole end.
*If we modify the three legged eleetromagnet of Figure 42 by
adding a short circuited copper secondary on the center core
leg the modified electromagnet will look like Figure 13. This
device will therefore become a compound shaded pole electro-
magnet. In this electromagnet a (second secondary) tertiary
plece of copper Y will have a force exerted on it in the direction
shown if it is placed over poles A and C but will have a force
exerted on it in the opposite direction if placed over poles B
+ COPPER OR
ALUMINUM
SHEET
TO A.C.
SOURCE
Figure 43
DESIGN, CONSTHUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 31
and C. This means that the tertiary Y will have forees exerted
on it from poles A and B which will cause a strong centering
action of the tertiary over pole C. Here again we have the same
condition in the authors special electromagnet, except that poles
A and B are formed into one continuous (cylindrical) pole about
the center pole.
A graphic illustration of the existence of the travelling mag-
netic field produced by the speclal electromagnet is illustrated
by an actual photograph (Figure 44). Here two aluminum balls
are placed upon the face of the electromagnet and with the pri-
mary current turned on the aluminum balls rotate very rapidly.
The curved arrow above each ball indicates the direction of ro-
tation of the ball.
Several interesting things are to be noted about the attractive
properties of this special electromagnet. The mass to be
DIRECTION
OF FORCE
DIRECTION
OF FORCE
Figure 44

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2953, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
ELECTROMAGNETS
attracted may be subject to a repulsive force from the primary
field and therefore should be of a size not larger than the space
within the cylindrical pole, Since the current in the primary
winding is generally opposite to the current in the mass to be
attracled, that mass should be of a general size and shape to lie
within the cylindrical pole plece boundary and should not extend
over into the influence of the primary coll.
When the circumference of the mass to be attracted is larger
than the circumference of the cylindrical pole, the repulsive
foree exerted upon it by the primary winding increases very
rapidly with an increase in it size. The non-ferrous mass is
also repelled if it is approx! nately of the same peripheral di-
mensions as the insido dimension of the cylindrical core bat is
not closely adjucent thereto. The object to be attracted should
be adapted to the field and should gencrally be placed fairly
elose to the magnet unless it is quite a bit smaller than the in-
side dimension of the cylindrical pole face. It is possible to
make the conductive mass to be attracted jumpt a considerable
distance to affix itself to the attractor by having the non-ferrous
mass of considerably smaller diameter than the cylindrical
core.
By experimenting with armatures of different sizes suspended
al varfous distances from the attractor face it has been found
that a region or zone of attraction exists which is conical in
shape. A conductive object placed with Its principal conducting
path within this cone is attracted. The base of this cone
CONE SHAPE,
BREA OF
ATTRACTIOL
Fleure 45
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 33
subslantlally coincides with the face of the attractor and has its
vertex on the axis at a distance from the attractor as illustrated
in Figure 45.
Figure 16 shows a silver half dollar suspended near the al-
tractor face. In this figure the half dollar is suspended so as
to have its planc perpendicular to the plane of the attractor face
Figure 46
before the magnet is energized. Dut the instant current flows
through the primary winding of the electromagnet the half dollar
turns so that its plane is parallel with the plane of the attractor
face as shown in Figuro 47 and la attracled with considerable
force. This result is exactly opposite to the result to be expected
If the silver dollar were placed in the field of an ordinary al-
ternating current electromagnot. If the attractor in this special
electromagnet were not present to exercise its influence, the
coln would then turn with its plane perpendicular to the plane of
the electromagnet face.
ILa non-ferrous ring, washer, or dise with a plaae dimension
considerably in excess of the cylindrical pole face dimension is
placed neac the face of this special electromagnet, then the po-
Ject is out in the infloence of the primary coll and, as in the
case of a conventional electromagnet, the object would_be re-
pelled.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2291, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
34
ELECTROMAGNETS
Figure 47
the eloctromagnot with its plane parallel with the attractor face
before the electromagnet winding is energized with curren.
But the instant that current flows through the electromagnet's
primary winding the large disc is repelled with preat force and
finally comes to rest with its plane perpendiculir to the face of
the electromagnet (see Figure 40) and remains In this position
as long as the current continues to flow through the primary
winding of the electromagnet.
It is altogelher possible to modily the secondary (attractor)
element by subslituting a winding In place of the copper washers,
Such an arrangement is shown by Figure 50.
Here a moans la provided for short circuiling the secondary
coll by closing the switch to position A as Illustrated. By this
arrangement the switch may be closed, causing the short cir-
culled winding to act like the copper washers, producing at-
traction of a non-ferrous mass when used in confunetion with
the primary winding and cylindrical core. Then the switch may
be opened causing the non-ferrous mass to be repelled since
the only flux lines now produced by the electromagnet are those
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 35
P'igure 48
produced by the primary. By the arrangement shown in this
figure the switch may bo closed to posilion B thereby connecting
the winding to the same alternating current source to which the
primary winding la connected but in a manner so as to oppose
the primary winding. By this means altraction of the non-fer-
rous maas con also be accomplished, This arrangament in
which the secondary (attraclor) is connected so as to be in phase
oppoultion to the primary is inferior to the form in which the
secondary (altractor) has current induced in it. The reason for
this la to be attributed to the fact that the current Induced in the
mass to be attracted (tertiary) la not exacily oppoalte in phase
to the primary current and therefore will not be exactly in
phase with the current in the secondary where the secondary is
fed in exact opposition to the primary. When current in the
secondary is induced, il is more nearly exactly in phase with
tho current in the armature which results in maximum attrac-
tion.
In the Inutance where the primary and secondary (attractor)

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2573, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
36
ELECTROMAGNETS
Figure 49
are connected in phase opposition to the same alternating cur-
rent source, the secondary (attractor) cireuit may be modified
so as to afford some phase lag. An arrangement for this modi-
fleation is shown in Figure 50 where a resistor may be con-
nected in series with the attractor winding by closing the switch
to position D. This eircuit can be connected in parallel oppost-
tion with the primary and by adjustment of the variable rheostat,
a fairly comparable phase lag may be produced. However, this
form of construction (even with a resistor) in which the second-
ary (attractor) ts connected in phase opposition to the primary
is infertor to the form in which the secondary has current in-
duced in it.
The arrangement shown in Figure 50 has some advantages
for educational demonstrations even though it is not as efficient
as the copper washer type. The switching system allows a
much greater flexibility in its use since the equipment may be
DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, AND OPERATING PRINCIPLES 37
COIL
LAMINATED
CORE
RHEOSTAT
Figure 50
used both as a special electromagnet for non-ferrous materials
and as a conventional electromagnet.
Due to the fact that this electromagnet is an open core device
Its power factor is not unity. This results in rather large power
consumption and in heating of the winding although the heating
may be reduced considerably by using very large wire. For
large electromagnets of this kind it may be necessary to pro-
vide means for circulating a cooling medium through both pri-
mary and secondary. Hollow copper tubing could be used in the
construction of extremely large eleetromagnets of this type.
Generally speaking, capacitors may be used in correcting the
power factor of this type electromagnet thereby relieving the
power supply line of much of Its wattless current burden and
thus helping to keep the electromagnet primary winding cool.
Figure 51 is a graph showing amount of power factor correc-
ton that was obtained with static capacitors of 100 microfarads
used in conjuction with one of the authors' electromagnets for
the attraction of non-ferrous metals.
Table I shows the change in current, line voltage, power
factor, and phase angle obtained through the use of static ca-
pacitors in conjunction with the electromagnet. The electro-
magnet and capacitors were those used to obtain the graph
shown in Figure 51. In order to correct the power factor by
use of static capacitors the capacitors are, of course, shunted
across the input terminals of the primary winding of the electro-
magnet.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 833, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
38
350
·340
.J2O
_3T0
„30C0
POWER FACTOR
_260
,250
240
,230
ELECTROMAGNETS
10
20
30
40
50
CAPACITANCE IN MICROFARADS
40
70
Figure 51
Table I
CAPACITORS USED FOR POWER FACTOR CORRECTION
Capacitance
in Mid.
Line
Line
E
Power Factor
Phase Angle
E.L.
50
100
16.5
13.B
11.5
110
110
110
.230
.289
.348
770
729 58'
69ª 42'
An electromagnet for attraction of non-ferrous metals such
as has been described cannot be made effective for the attrac-
tion of small pieces of non-ferrous metals when used on a low
frequency power source. In order to usc this type electromag-
net for the attraction of small particles or pieces of non-ferrous
metals, it is necessary that it be designed and constructed for
operation on a supply of high frequency current. The frequency
required will depend on the size of the pieces or particles to be
attracted,
