{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-20T21:27:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 19, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9391376, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125228-cejka-energy-unlimited-number-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "d4ff8ea8caf815f7ee615e934bbbc24ea49e2f30a169899d24764b1aa4c43563"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 934, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CABLE OF
CONTENTS
TOWARDS A NEW ELECTROMAGNETIC
REALITY (PART 1 ol 3)
by Donald Reed
Page 2
ESSAY: HIGH ENERGY LASER FOR BEGINNERS
or "DO-IT-YOURSELF" SUPERWEAPONS
by Jorge Resines
CANCER AND EARTHLY EMANATIONS by Albert Zock
Page 7
Гаде 12
ANCIENT AND MODERN SUBATOMIC PARTICLE BEAMI
AND FIELD GENERATORS,
1980-2000 A POSITIVE PROJECTION
UFO EXERIENCE NUMBER 84
by Michael Smith Page 14
by Jay H. Halloran
WAVE-FORM OF THE PRIMES: THE 30-BIRDS FUNCTION
by Michael Heleus
MAPPING OF LEPTONS AND QUARKS ON THE I CHING
(Part 1 of3) by Rowena Pattee
by Nikola Tesla
Page 21
Pnge 20
THE TRUE WIRELESS
THE HANS COLER INVENTIONS
(Part I of Ill) by E. Hurst
THE ULTIMATE SPACECRAFT PROPULSION
SYSTEM AND ENERGY SOURCE
by Noel Huntley Page 13
Раде 13
Page 38
FLOURIDATION FOR STUPIFICATION
AND POPULATION CONTROL
by "Cosmic Awareness"
Page 45
TESLA TECHNOLOGY: THE FARADAY-
TESLA-CLARK HIGH CORRENT
D.C. GENERATOR
by Richard L. Clark
Page 48

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 4005, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOWARDS A NEW ELECTROMAGNETIC
REALITY (PART 1 of 3)
by Donald Reed
Tachion Energy Research, Box 192.
South Wales, N.Y. 14134
ELECTRICITY AND MAGNETISM
ARCHETYPES
Electricity and magnetism — powerful invisible
forces of nature. The phenomenon of magnetism has
come to be associated, historically as well as
inherently, with a material source. Accordingly. it
eniors the characteristics or permanence, sym-
pathetic influence. coherence. and order. Witness
for instance. the field around a bar magnel.
Electricity, on the other hand, once activated by the
reliable predictors of most clectromagnetic situa-
tions, mainstream science labors under the mis-
apprehension that it has essentially conquered this
area of knowledge and has closed the book on the
subject. This attitude has filtered down to the
layman. who has been virtually enraptured by the
wonderworkd of electronies that has been created
over the past century, and which now suffuses
almost every phase of life. In the face of such
developments. we have been lulled into self
complacency, taking many phenomena such as
electricity for granted.
So much, that like the
scientist, we feel unconsciously secure in the belief
that clectricity and magnetism will always conform
to the law of conservation of energy: that they will
not go "haywire and 'ruffle up the gravitational
field. and will go about their business in a ladylike
fashion, always adhering to the rules that James
Maxweil set forth to describe their behavior nearly a
century ngo.
Fig. 1
- Faroday's dynamo which embodies his dis-
covery in 1831 of electromagnetic ardenion, the
principle upon which all dynamos work. as well as
induction: coils, transformers, and other electrical
apparatus
great vitality. An electric spark is a prime example
of this behavior.
These observable qualities have unconsciously
served as archetypes which have found corres-
ponding appropriate expression in our evervdas
language in suen phrases as *The
or "She has a "magnetic" personality.
Unfortunately. throughout the history of electro
magnetism, science has ignored the implications
borne our by the fundamental archetypical char-
acteristies nf these two forces, continuing to view
electromagnetic fields as merely derivatives of
matter. However, probably inspired by the true soul
of electromagnetism.
William Crookes in 1880
appropriately chose as the title of his paper on the
newly observed property of electricity, the cathode
ray. "The Fourth State of Matter:" It was to express/
his belief that electrical energy occupies a border-
land' where matter and force seem to merge into one
another. All that has followed from his discovers.
down to the transformation of matter istelf into
freely working enerey, such as in an atomic reactor,
shows that his insights were correct.
Far from being a phenomenon inextricably bound
up with finite fields of matter, in its exhibil as an
electromagnetic wave (such as light through space).
electricity emerges as something in which the
concept of infinity plays a decisive part. Thestudy of
electricity demands this kind of approach if an
understanding of its qualitative essence is to be
attempted
And yet, oblivious to these clues, historical or
otherwisc. the scientific establishment has built its
imposing edifice of quantum electrodynamics on the
basis of observing secondary effects produced by
electricity when it is alrendy in action, and deriving
from them a hypothetical picture. Since these
Theoretical models have consistently served as
ELECTROMAGNETIC ANOMALIES.
Most of the time this state of affairs prevails. But.
similar to the UFO phenomenon, una few percent of
the cases, there have been observed significant
clectromagnetic anomalies encompassing Violations
of every oce of the snered principles of physics
expressed above Alos, much like the UFO situa-
tion. these anamales continue to be produced, are
ignored be the bulk of the scientific community. and
Page 2
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Alaquerque, NO. 87176

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2804, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
can't be adequately explained away with current
knowledge
To the diseerning researcher there is made
apparent an appalling gap in the knowledge of this
field. which needs to be filled if we are to attain a
fuller understanding of the universe and our place
in it. Accordingly, If we claim to still espouse the true
spirit of selence, that of unprejudiced investigation
and categorization of all physical phenomena, then
we must soon come lo terms with theso anomalies.
The ensuing report examines some of these
inventions in chronological order of their occur-
rence. Later some conjectures will be advanced
regarding steps towards a proper understanding of
clectromagnetism. Through this means, I hope to
demonstrate to both layman and scientist alike that
electricity and magnetism possess as
Un-
lathomed dimensions of activity, and are consider-
ably more complex and marvelous phenomena thon
wechave get dreamed
The Faraday Unipolar Generator
Perhaps one of the earliest observations of an
electromagnetic enigma, was noted by Michael
Faraday in 1831. He discovered that a rotating
magnetized conductor, with axis of rotation passing
through the magnetic poles. could act as an electrical
generator with voltage developed between the point
of the sis of rotation and the outer periphery of the
rotating magnet. This be called a homopolar or
unipolar generator (fig. 1). Now, up to Faraday's
time, it had been assured that a magnet moving in
any manner carried its feld along with it. But in that
case. contrary to Faraday's experimental results. no
voltage could be produced. It thus became necessary
for Faraday to postulate that the material of the
magnet moved through its magnetic field which, in
itself, was not supposed to be moved by the magnet
generating it.
Oddly enough, the controversy scill rages today
between proponents of the two theories, In fact. no
application of standard electromagnetic theory to
date has been able to resolve the question. To make
matters worse, even ilone takes Faraday's position.
assuming a stationory magnetic field, subsequent
analysis shows that one branch ofelectromagnetics
the Coulomb-Ampere law, prodiets the observed
voltage; whereas Maxwoll's equations show that no
potentin will exist, If this weren't enpugh to lend
mystery to the devices operation, it has recently
been discovered by Bruce DePalma, over a century
following Faraday, that the unipolar generator, in a
new embodiment he has called the N-Machine
produces no drag on the cotor systom. This is
contrary to the predictions of Apne' lose one of the
standard principles of electromagnetic induction
(Гід. 2).
Fig. 2
The N Machine
NIS
N
N
Bronze
Shaft
Two Ferrite
Ring Magnets
Conducting
Disc
Two Ferrite
Ring Magnets
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14, POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176
Раде 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3476, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Tesla Magnifying Transmitter
Much has been written about Nikola Tesia during
the recent world-wide resurgence of interest in his
wark. so that it is sometimes difficult to separate the
fact from the fiction. Regarding his Magnifying
Transmitter, the following faets have surfaced. All
the devices invented by Tesla prior to the turn of the
century funetioned according to standard electrical
theory, which, at high frequencies entailed the
radiation of electromagnetie energy in the form of
Hertzian Waves. As is well known, Hertzian wave
energy is quickly dissipated and unrecoverable at
great distances. What little is left must be amplified
considerably in order to retrieve the original
information. such as in present broodeasting
systems of radin and television, ete
However, just after the turn of the century Tesin
proposed the Magnifying Transmitter for the
purpose of wireless transmission of electrical power
without loss to any distance.
He immediately
became
alienated from
and
chastised
by his
engineering and scientific colleagues, who had
mistakenly
assumed
he wos using
Hertzian wave generator, However, Tesla himself
categorically stated in many periodicals of that time.
that his method of wave generation produced an
electro dynamie field which was not space-radiated
like a Hertzian wave, but was conducted through the
Earth's surface. In the Electrical Experimenter of
1919 he wrote. "It will be of interest to compare my
system with the Hertz-wave system... In the former
there are no spark gaps and the actions are
enormously magnified
by
resonance.
Properly
constructed. my system is safe from statics and other
interference and the amount of energy which may
be transmitted is billions of times greater than with
the Hertz svstem which has none of the virtues.
Probihition of Spark-Gaps
The prohibition of
spark-gaps is the unique
feature which sets the Magnifying Transmitter
apart from his pre-1900 high-frequency apparatus.
There must not be electron leaks of any sort
(sparking. dicharge, corona. ete.) in order to build up
the energy in the system. Accordingly, astury of the
patents dealing with this device will show that very
little metal was used in its construction. including
the supports for the superstructure.
The
few
metailie parts were highly polished and soothly
rounder with no sharp protrusions
Aiso, unlike the previous embodiments of pre-1900
Tesla coils, the Magnifying Transmitter employed a
large hollow metallic terminal. much like the type
on a Van deGraaf generator (fig. 3). The non-
Herzian wave, produced by the unique design of this
apparatus, was confined within a narrow cylindrical
held which has since been termed a columnar
standing wave. A moment's reflection on this
system will show that only such a self-contained
wave entity could be free from influence by ambient
statics, as Tesla claims above.
Although Tesla never did get to complete or
successfully test the Magnifying Transmitter on a
world-wide scale, nevertheless, he demonstrated
the workability of the new system during his famous
Colorado Springs experiment several years pre-
vious. The fact that many new diverse groups since
Fig. 3 Tesla Magnifying Transmitter
P-360
N. TESLA.
Apporatus for transmitting electrical energy
Application filed Jan. 18. 1902. Renewed May 4, 1907.
1.119,732.
Patented Dec 1, 1914
P
Page 1
WITNES
3. бала
Детаний
09s7
ENERGY UNLIMITED 814, POR 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. 87176
Telala Tela VENTOR
ho
ATTORNEYS.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 3060, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Рід. 1
Aug. 16. 1960
T.T. Brown
Electrokinetic Apparatus
Filed July 3, 1957
2.949,550
2 Sheets-Sheet 2
15.
FG. 7
FIG. 6
10
FIG. B
Inventor
Thomas Townsend Brown
his death are now earnestly pursuing experiments
into wireless power generation, shows that Tesla's
dream may yet become a reality.
The Kowsky-Frost Quartz Levitator
In the late 1920's two Polish engineers, Kowsky
and Frost, while experimenting with microwaves
applied to a small quartz crystal, recorded some
unusual effects. First, it was found that the crystal
exhibited a clearly altered appearance, having
changed from a transparent to an opaque state.
Concurrent with this. the crystal permanently
altered its size, increasing in volume over 20 times its
original size. At the same time its specific gravity
was reduced by a greater amount than the change in
volume would indicate. The transformed crystal
was so light that it carried the whole balance
apparatus it was connected to with itself upwards,
along with a weight of 25 kg. which was suspended
from it and floating free in the air. Forallintents and
purposes, the weight of the crystal had become
practically negative. If this experiment had been
given proper consideration by science, it could have
conceivably served as the first good evidence to put a
sizable dent in the theory of general relativity.
which asserts that a pure electromagnetic energy
tensor cannot couple with or produce changes in
inertial-gravitational fields.
Thomas Townsend Brown's Condenser
Nearly 20 years later the mutual influence of
gravitational-inertial fields and electromagnetic
energy was unequivocally demonstrated by physi-
cist Thomas Townsend Brown, But again noone was
listening, or wanted to listen. Brown, in association
with Dr. Biefield (a former classmate of Einstein's)
performed experiments to understand and over-
come gravity. Tests. performed to find the electrical
relation of gravity to charged objeets, demonstrated
that a charged condenser, or capacitor, suspended
from a thread underwent an inertial thrust in the
direction of its positive pole. In order to eliminate
the possibility of ion effects causing the propulsion.
Brown also tested his enpacitors in a vacuum. He
mounted two aluminum plate capaeitors containing
no dielectric on the opposite ends of a rotor. The
vacuum pressure was monitored and kept steady. As
he gradually increased the voltage, he observed
irregular sparking concurrent with a large thrust.
The sparking gradually decayed. but at 200 KV the
angular velocity inexplicably continued to increase
and Townsend had to reduce the voltage to prevent
the rotor from flying apart. When he left the rotor
running for days. another remarkable observation
was made: the capacitor thrust varied according to
the time of day. or lunar and solar fluctuations,
despite the fact that the voltage, temperature. and
vacuum pressure were carefully monitored and
held constant (fig. 4)
Editor's Note: Parts 2 and 3 will appear in issue *15
and 16.
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, N31, 87176
Page 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3464, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reasons as do the chemical laser, light, which i
boused back and forth between reflective marrors
TA. B.C.D.E) and appears as a laser beam through a
partia ly-reflective mirror My. Once again the spent
mixture is sucked by a pump in the Vi directien. In
highly advanced designs. a small laser or conerent
beam of microware radiation resonating with the
gas mxtured is placed behind mirror (Al. to act asn
"trigger*
and to squeeze the gases to the maximum.
thus providing a grater ourput depicted in Fig 5)
3) The Electric Discharge Laser. showr at Fig 6
consists of a chamber where a gas or gas mixture is
male to flow from the (GF) direction towards
clectrodes (PB) and (GEr. Plate electrode (PE) and
tra electrode (GE) are charged
with opposite
voltages and the electrical connection between them
both is furnished by an electron source ¡ESi ran
electricalis heated wire in
the first modelst and
effected through the gaseous medium. thus gen-
orating the laser beam
Aviation Week (21)reported thatthe Soviets were.
1972 at least, changing this laser to a more
advanced model that consisted of a mixture of
potentially explosive pases, whose detonation would
be triggered by an electric discharge between tro
electrodes, thus obtaining a complete squeeze of the
energs of the lasing medium A possible evolution of
this kind of laser as a weenpon woul
he in the fornrof
sell-contained
"cartridges'
contalaing the
misture and electrical contaets that would be used
I tae most primitive models of Gatling
minchinegun. For example, this kind of laser would
detonate the gases within the cartridge — that aiso
would contain the two mirrors
and expel the used
up shell. Another model of this kind. highle porable
and very likely to be used as an anti-personnel
weapon by ground troops, could be made with
expendable cartriges and Pavlovski
magneto-
explosive generators It would act as a "super-
howitzer"
with ouls a fraction of the weight of the
lightest cannon: and it could also be used to ignite the
explosives of the enemy without leaving ans trace of
the origin of the explosions
This kind of weapon could be the one deplosed
recently, on July and August 1982, by Israel troops
aguinst Syrian missile batteries and fighter planes,
Which allowed them to explode the Sam missilesand
te down the highly maneuverable MIG planes
Without a single loss Please notice that this is no
more than a hypothesis.
(e) ADULTS ONLY!
The two most developed, and pubicly known.
kinds of laser weapons are the following
D The Free Electeons Laser, shown in Fig T. This
design, which
originated
at the
• Los Alamos
Laboratory, consists of a particle accelerator (PA) to
accelerate the beam coming from, usually. an
electron source and whose output is carried by
suitable means to a lasing tube (LT). bounced back
(HT)
• M)
(F7)
THN!
(4)
Figure 4
(rT)
Omi
Figure 5
(C6)
Figure 6
and forth as usual between two mirrors (Mand M').
to be beamed through the parmally-reflective
mirror (M'I as a laser beam (LB). Plus we have
electromagnets arcand the lasing tebed ENT) that net
as accelerators of the cones another additonal
feature is that the enoney that is mot beamed is taken
back to the accelerator and re-introduced for liste
niter being stopped-up unce again. This is d sep
interesting idea that can, in me opinen, be th
createst competition of the Soviet particle beam-
weapon in both quality and portabilits
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14, POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176
Page 1

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 672, "chars": 4018, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21 The X-ray Laser, depicted in Fig. 8. A kind of
"return to the origins," this conception is as simple
as if is effcient, but it also has several major
drawbacks. It consists offa container (C) Where an
atomic bomb tAB) is detonated and the energetic
outpuris lased through a lasing tube (LT) to be, once
again, turned into a laser beam (LB). Of course the
container, in this case the satellite or ship carrying
the wespon, is destroved but not until the target of
the laser also is destroved. The explosion needs
about a millisecond to destroy its own carrier vessel.
while light needs only one millionth of a second todo
its task, giving ample time for destruction of the
target: In projeets Oke this (20. 27. 32), the whole
array of losing tobes most first be mimed and
programmed to track the target belore activating
the whole weapon.
It is obvious to the non-partisan researcher that
the most intelligent of all the designs being
considered in this text is that of the Free Electrons
Laser, always within the frame of reference that
created this kind of coherent beam of light.
Figure 7
coated the inner surface of the tube to mirror-degree
beforehand and. as lid, place a partially-reflective
mirror and insulating handles (against the cold of
the liquid gas). We will have a wireleas laser. Do not
believe me. if you have economic means have
yourself made a hardened-glass tube and fill it with
some inert gas, according to the foregoing specifica-
tions. Place it by a Tesla coil, aim the output of the
laser towards some target of your election, and turn
on the electricity. You will see how you have a
wireless laser on your hands! In this specific case.
and as there are no public experiments performed
on the subjeet. it is better to consult learned persons
who may assist you in making this kind of laser, so.
that no harm may come to you in this task
(e) FINAL WORDS
What you have seen here are the lasers most
widely considered as lit for military applications;
There are more kinds of lasers, but as they did not
enter the conceptual basis that produced this essay.
they were not included
Please meditate upon this: The only basis for the
present kind of lasers our culture is aware of
publiely (and it seems that the secret lasers also
LONE
INEP
partake of said conception) Is to extract energy out of
the atoms of cither the powersource or the lasing
matertals and tothrow away thespent fucls Thisisa
policy of blindness, for it only leads scientists and
L•D:
[LT]
(LE)
(d) FORGOTTEN GENIUS
THE TESLA LASER SYSTEM
Al the beginning of this essay mention was made
of an offer by Dr. Tesla to the Dept. of the Navy of a
coherent beam of microscopic particles — another
definition for laser - to track submarines; a usage
that not even today is widespread.
To all those of us who are knowledgeable about the
lectures of Dr. Tesla, who, by the end of the XIXth
century (3B, 34) demonstrated wireless light tubes. a
forefather of our modern-day neon cobes, there is a
simple way to make a laser system that uses "cold"
light as powersource. Let's use as powersource a
suitably tuned Tesla coll. Whenever we approach a
gas- filled tube to it. the tube will light up because of
the induced high-frequency currents. If we fill a
nardened glass tube with gas in liquid state, having
Figure 8
military men alike in a wasteful search for materials
that may be "squeezed" more and more of their
contents
in terms of energy.
This dive into
sophistication has as is ultimate goal stagnation. for
there will be reached a limit - imposed by the vers
resistance of the materials themselves — that noone
will be able to cross. This very polley is what gave us
the atomic-fission reactors that so much harm have
caused to the world
Instead, and as suitable solution — the adoption of
the Tesla Laser System is proposed — which must be
developed for it was an alternative that. from its
very beginning, was thrown aside by those "who
knew better.'
Page 10
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque. NM. 87176

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 829, "chars": 5317, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CANCER AND EARTHLY EMANATIONS
by Albert Zock
In August of 1945. The first atom bombs fell on the
Japaneso citics. Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
In the coars and decades after this inferno, it was
noted that the survivors, beside other maladies, had
a distinct increase in concer
Scientists concluded this was the result of neutron
emanation.
brought a new
researchers about local influences in the develop-
ment of cancer The question was: Where do we find
more such neutron emanations, beside the ones
created by man himself?
Unfortunateiy. up
to this day there are no
dependable ways of measuring this kind of
emanation. altbough it is known that the Neutron
has a magnetie property, which a professional
radiesthesist can easily find
The medical Institute at the University of Bonn in
West Germany let the radiesthesist Baron von
Rollshausen examine 50 rooms in which patients
died of cancer. The rooms had been empty, bare of
any furniture. Von Rollshausen not only found the
accurate place where the beds once stood. but in 48 of
the 50 cases in question, determined even the organs
which had been affected. In his days, the Neutron
emanation nad not yet been discovered.
Meanwhile, French researchers
found that
charged electroscopes over disturbed zones lose
heir charges, because of the sonizing emanation
from the earth within seven to eleven seconds
whereas on neutral ground. it takes up to one
thousand seconds.
No matter how clean the military claim the
Neutron bomb is, it is well known that all ionizing
radiation can cause cancer
The University of Marburg, Germany, scientific-
ally esamined three villages with a geophysica.
meter (Gooscope). Their finding was that cancer
resulted exclusively over geological disturbances
such as laults, whether water was present or not.
Two thousand years B.C, the Chinese, before
building a home searched the location with divining
rods for geological disturbances and adjusted the
buildings with a compass to the earth's magnetie
field.
Before setting up a military comp or building a
city the Romans killed a local animal and examined
its liver. If it was hardened, it was assumed that
vegetation and water in that region were not suited
for bumno osage and they moved on to another
In 1911 two European physicians. Dr. Nothnagel
and Dr. con Hohentels, did not allow their patients
to sleep in the same location as they had before a
cancer operation. Knowing that the place where one
becomes cancerous, is the worst place for con:
valescence
it has been proven over and over again that
locations Which are cancer-causing happen to be
over strong thermo-ncutronic emanation from the
ground. Even the British "Atlas of Mortality"
(Nelson & Son, London 1962-1970) contains statistical
proof that the place where one lives or works has
much to do with terminal cancer, but, of course, no
scientific explanation is given.
Anyone who avoids sleeping or working for long
periods over such zones will avoid cancer, Thisis not
an assumption but a scientifically proven fact which
Is ignored, although not disproven.
A pioneer in this field, Gustav von Pohl, used the
1929 cancer-death reports kept by the Statistics
Office for a decade to determine the exact bands
across the country where cancer occurred. Death
certifientes and location reports showed that not one
mortality occurred, even within the width of a bed,
outside of the established band. Furthermore, later
reports showed that new deaths again occurred
exclusively over the same sleep and work locations.
Dr. Hager, a health officer in Europe, investigated
5,348 cancer fatalities and found that cancer is locally
restricted. It a disense is restricted to a narrow band,
it should not be surprising if it reoccurs generation
after generation in the same family since the same
bed location is used for sleeping. because of tradition
or room layout. When successive generations die of
cancer is it any surprise that people should assume
the disease to be inherited, to lie in the family?
The Russian-American Engineer Georges Lak-
Hovsky, who invited the multiwave oscillator, came
lo the same conclusion. In his book. "The Secret of
Life." he explains how geological conditions in the
carth affect and change beneficial radiations into
detrimental ones: "Sand. sandstone. gravel and
such, are dielectric in nature and absorb external
radiation to a great depth. reflecting none back tothe
surface, but elay, marl, ailuvial deposits and mineral
ores are resistant to penetration and given to
secondary radiations which modify the field of
external radiations. People living on such soil show
the highest incidence of cancer."
The only British study is chat of Dr Alfred
Maritand, which is condensen in a book he published
in 1892. "The Geographical Distribution of Disease
in Great Britain
where he points out that thereisa
low mortalits from concor over limtestone locations
in all of England and Wales, but, on the other hand.
clay and flood areas are associated with high cancer
mortality
A contemporary British dowser and writer. Bruce
Copen. Ph.D. D. Litt., not only walks in the same
fontsteps but it the same time shows a way out, as he
explains in his book Radiesthesia for Home and
Garden:" Those who live over a sandy soil appear 1o
Page 12
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14, POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2728, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
enjoy a better night's sleep than those who sleep
over granite or clav: the loss of sleep is due to cosmic
radiation bouncing from the under layers of strata
and being amplified bo the springs of such a thing
*he whole Ced becomes a radio wave
which car
be remedied
by suitably
neutralizing the bed against these rays. Copen
recommends laving a wire along the mattress and
connecting it to the ground. or making an oscillator
with a flexible, isolated wire fastened around the
mattress, the reds overlapping about one foot on
each side with one inch space inbetween and making
sure tha the positive end of the wire is on top as
shown in Fig. 1. The positive and negative endsofthe
wire can be found by using a pendulum or
substitute.
To Antenna
or roof gutter
wire connection
WIre
wire overlap
Nornen Coil
Fig. 1
But when a whole room, house or working place is
affected, neutralizing by grounding can be compli-
cated or even impossible. In such case. the Nornen-
Coil comes in handy: this is a simple gadget.
Everyone can make it. It consists of two conical coils,
both wound in a clockwise direction only and glued
togetber at the narrower end. Isclated 20 goge wire
will do — about 40 feet of hookup wire for each coil,
The cone can be from plastic or styrofoam. The
upper, positive pole connects to an antenna, the
lower negative coil grouncs to a water pipe or the
like. In many cases, metallic roof gutters can be used
as antenna. but watch that the down pipe has no
connection with the ground. Ifit has, replace the iast
foot or so with a plastic pipe. A coil with a diameter of
2 inches at the narrow end, 5 inches on the biggest
end and a height of 6 inches with 54 windings
achieved complete neutralization of an area 280 feet
in diameter, It is advised not tosleep or work close to
the coil - keep a good distance. It has been found
that iron pipes anchored in concrete blocks within a
garden neutralze a circle about ten feet in diamter
The aforementioned methods neutralize negative
emanation in the environment.
Lakhovsky's multi-wave oscillator was designed
to cancel detrimental effects on humans, animals
and plants, According to Lakhovsky, reflected and
therefore inharmonious vibrations induce their
unhealthy frequencies on living cells through the
law of resonance. A cell out of its natural frequency
will change is funetion and grow different. Which
is known as cancer
Lakhovsky's oscillator sendsnut waves in multiple
frequencies, giving each celi an opportunity. with:
heip from the low of resonance, do restore its
harmonics
This theory has been elinically proven asons times
over by physicians in France. New York and
elsewhere
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque. NAI. 87176
Page 13

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 3073, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANCIENT AND MODERN SUBATOMIC
PARTICLE BEAM AND FIELD
GENERATORS, 1980-2000
A POSITIVE PROJECTION
by Michael Smith
Suncat Enterprises, P.O. Box 9, Cobalt ID 83229
Suncat Enterprises - Universal Interspatial
Energy Orgonization has, for the last few
years, been praviding plans and instructions
for building six types of crystal sub-atomic
particle beam generators and sub-atomic
field generators. The most popular of these
is the Universal Energy Rod and Stoff. Moses
and Aaron used these in Exodus. When not
doaked in religion, this is a personal,
handheld subotomic particle beam genera-
tor of a sophisticated type.
SPACE COMMUNICATION AND PROTECTION
Our second favorite is a subatomic particle
field generator for producing a force field
around homes and property to shield
against VHF-UHF-RADAR waves, radiation,
virus germs, radionics, psionics, and negative
thoughts and emotions of other people. This
cevice can be adjusted to produce a beam
for space communication (tested now with
success up to 400 light years distance), and it
frequently produces heat as well. A smaller
version of this is also available in a personal
headband version for a communication
beam connection only. It is said this was
used by various technicians in ancient Earth
avilizations - makes an interesting story but
practical application now is our main
concern
Another of our energy devices is a result of
the legend of King Arthur's sword.
By
combining an energy rod with a knife or
sword the blade acts os a guide for the
subatomic particle beom. More experience
is needed to acquire practical application for
this one, but it's a very interesting toy.
A used-to-be-science-fiction device is o
personal subatomic particle field generator.
only a few inches in size, which can be
carried to surround the body of on individual
with a protective force field. This one is
pretty self explanatory
Perhops most versatile and beneficial are
two versions of our field generators for
garden and plant growth/stimulation/pro-
tection. This is o real boost to greater home
garden food production with disease and
insect control built in. We especially like this
one because of its very basic practical use.
We hope this gives you some introduction
and background for our work. Where are we
now and where are we going from 1980 to
2000? This is where it becomes even more
exciting:
BEAM GENERATOR BENEFITS
The construction and use of the beam
generators mentioned above make it
possible to send energy into polluted areas
to rearrange and transmute radioactive
contamination and harmful chemicals into
harmless substances. Air and water can be
purified by subjecting them to a subatomic
particle beam adjusted for that purpose.
The damaged ozone layer can be repaired
and rebuilt by these methods os well. It is
Ironic, though, that with such a positive
potential, if used for warlike purposes, the
subatomic particle beam overrides nuclear
weapons as well as losers and makes them
obsolete. A recent PDS T.V. special featured
Page 14
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14, POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. 87176

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 3833, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the research being done in this area by
physicists in New Mexico, apparently for
military and space war purposes.
generators being built there are large and
primitive compared to efficient and sophisti-
cated equipment we work with.
Security and freedom for the country, and
more importantly, for individual people, is
assured by having so many thousands of
people now in possession of beam and field
generators in this country. This was our
intention when we provided the information
to people in every state. Having dispersed
this knowledge so widely so it can no longer
be hidden. lost or stolen, we ore now
engaged in projects that resulted from our
previous research.
ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION
Perhaps the most popular of these is our
subatomic electromagnetic particle electri-
city generator. Fossil fuel and nuclear electric
generation, with their enviormental and
economic damage, will no longer be
needed.
This generator now makes it
possible for an individual or family to
produce 100% of their own electric power
for their home or car. There is no longer ony
reason to place responsibility or blame on
big corporations, government, or foreign
countries for energy. They are definitely not
responsible for anything. In America, the
individual is responsible and free to do. The
individual can do what no corporation or
goverment can. The individual can build
and create what is needed without asking
anyone's permission.
Most of the great
inventions, from the airplane to the electric
light were produced by individuals - not
corporations or governments. That's the way
it still is in the United Stotes. Those who can.
do: those who can't, complain. That's why
we work with Individual people only.
People get results; goverments and cor-
porations don't. That's why we have a 100%
efficient, non-polluting electricity generator
to go. The only problem left to solve on it is
that when it's turned on, it levitates and lifts
off. Were putting spacecraft type controls
on it to keep it in one place. The cost is only
a few thousand dallars. Of course, there's
quite a few people who can olready do
something as simple as produce their own
electricity.
MINING EXTRACTOR
To show that technology. economic
progress. and a clean, natural environment
can exist together, our latest off shoot of the
particle beam generator is a device for
mining. Subatomic particle beam and field
generators are a common denominator that
lead to new developments in o wide voriety
of areas.
The equipment that pleases us
very much produces a cone (upside-down
funnel) of subatomic particles. This alters the
structure of the minerals to where they con
be drown out of the ground and collected in
a pure form at the top of the cone. We will
be using this early in 1980. This makes it
possible to mine minerals needed for
production and economic growth while not
damaging the environment. Nature. con-
cerned people and economic growth
concerned people can each have what they
want. Both sides have been fighting like
children when a solution is now available to
make both sides happy.
MATERIALIZATION/DEMATERIALIZATION
The other major off-shoot of particle beam
research is materialization and demoteriali-
zation.
They can be used for matter
transmission. The final details of adapting
particle beam and field generators to this
purpose are now being worked out: o
simple adjustment is all that is necessary in
this case.
The reason subatomic particle
beam and field generators have such a
widespread application is that humans have
finally reached an area of the basic structure
of creation.
PROJECT 'SIPAPU
It is with good reason that the researchers
in New Mexcio call their subatomic porticle
beam generator project,
"SIPAPU,
" an
ancient native-Americon word meaning
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM. 87176
Page 15

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3809, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Sacred Fire." The scientists of today are now
working with the Universal forces of creation
as the ancients did. The positive creative
porential is unlimited, a solid opportunity to
so/ve our most pressing environmental
problems, energy problems, and necessary
food production increoses in the near future.
Although there is always the negative
potential of war, that has always been a
possibility. That's not a scientific problem,
thats a human nature development situa-
tion.
HOW TO GET DEVICE PLANS
By sharing the knowledge we have in this
area. the work progressively developed
faster by independent researchers and small
groups who feed information back and forth
to help each other. In 1980 we will be
providing details on the 100% efficient
electrical generator, the subotomic porticle
cone-beam mining extraction equipment,
and the materialization/dematerialization
matter-energy transmitter.
• To be sure of
quick and effective future development, the
detalls of these sophisticated pieces of
energy equipment will be provided to
anyone who hes acquired the plans and
instructions for the six subatomic particle
beam and field generators described in the
beginning of this communication. A basic
understanding of these devices from our
complete set can provide a secure founda-
tion for further individual research. An
individual researcher con easily use our
information as a take-off point for more
crective developments and inventions dur-
ing the interesting times we live in.
We can provide anyone interested with
our complete set of plans, diagrams, and
instructions for operation of the six devices
for a fee of 548 to cover our expense.
We
feel quite positive about the future of our
energy and ecology as well os all life on the
plone: with so many people working
cheerfully in areos that make life more
crective and enjoyable. We hope you do
also when you see the potential of what
we're working with.
*##
ELECTRON STRUCTURE PROPOSED
by Martin Ruderfer
Dimensions, Inc.
95 Madison Avenue
Hempstead, L.l.. N.Y. 11550
Since the discovery of the electron about
80 years ago, It has been regarded as a
point mass and its internal structure hos
remoined a mystery. All attempts to obtain
a physical model of the mathematical
model advanced by Dirac in 1928, which has
been very successful in accounting for the
electron's known propertles, have failed, A
new theory, which has previously accounted
for a neutrino-antineutrino structure of the
photon, has now been applied to the
electron to yield o specific physicol structure -
a composite of two neutrinos which continu-
ously bounce off each other every half-
wavelength.
The theory is advonced in the just-released
second issue of Speculations in Science and
Technology, published at the Western
Australia Institure of Technology, South
Dentley 6102, Austrolia.
NEW THEORY EXPLAINS MORE
The propsed electren structure conforms to
the mathematical Dirac description, but the
physical model it offers reveals much more.
It provides a direct origin for the charge and
mass of the electron, leads to a new general
theory of the structure of all elementary
particles, gives an explanation of the
apparent violation of time conservation in
certain kaon decays. and suggests that
quarks may be only mathematical artifacts.
In addition, the extension of the proposed
electron structure to all elementary particles
requires their basic building blocks to be
neutrinos and antineutrinos.
Since the
neutrinos are the smallest known class of
particles, a natural and intriguing simplifica-
tion of the hierarchy of matter results.
The properties of the electron are the basis
of modern technology.
This release
represents the sequel to the neutring theary
of photon structure.
###
Page 16
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 701, "chars": 4470, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tests in 1926, Modersohn then consented to back the
invention, and formed a company (Coler G.M.B. H.)
to continue the development. At the same time a
Norwegian group had been giving financial support
to Coler, and those two groups elashed. Modersohn's
connection with Rheinmetall Borsigand hence with
the offieial Hermann Goering combined gave him
an advantage in this. Coler then in 1937 built for the
Company a larger version with an output of six
kilowatts.
In 1943 Modersohn brought the device to the
attention of the Research Department of the O.K.M.
The investigation was placed under the direction of
Coerbaurel Seysen, who sent Dr. H. Frolich towork
with Coler from 4/1/43 to 9/15/43. Frohlich was
convinced of the reality of the phenomena, and set
about investigating the fundamentals of the device.
He apparently concentrated on a study of the energy
changes which occur on the opening and closing of
similar trial and error methods Colerstated that the
strength of the magnets did not decrease cring use
of the apparatus, and suggested that he was tappinga
new sort of energy hitherto unknown. "Raumen-
ergie" (Space-energy). Coler gave a resume of the
work done by Dr. Frolich for the O.K.M.. and
produced a copy of Frolich's report, written jointly
with himself and a report of his own. Hestated thatit
would take one week to construct a "Magnet-
stromapparat."
and a month to construct a
"Stremerzeuger."
Modersohn had at first disbelieved Coler's claims.
but had taken great precautions to eliminate fraud
He had seen the 70 watt "Stromerzeuger" working
on a number of occasions, ond had taken it while
working from one room to another. All parts were
visible and nothing was hidden. As he was himself
not an expert he had tried to get experts to examine
it thoroughly. but reputable scientists either refused
Mi
Ma
L.
Figure 1
inductive circuits. At the end of the period he was
transferred to B.M.W
to work on acrodynamie
problems and is now working in Moscow
In 1944 a contract was arranged by the O.K.M.
with Continental Metal A.G. for further develop-
ment. but this was never carried out owing to the
state of the country. In 1945 the apparatus was
destroyed by a bomb, in Kolberg. whither Coler had
evacuated. Since that time Coler had been
employed, sometimes as an engineer and sometimes
as a labourer. Moderson had severed his conces-
tion with Rheinmetail Borsig. of which he had been
director, and was working for the Russian authori-
ties as a consultant in chemical engineering.
HOW THE MECHANISM WORKED
Coler's researches (apparently conducted with
crude apparatus) into the nature of magnetism led
him to conclude that ferro-magnetism was an
oscillating phenomenon. of frequency about 180
kiloheriz. This oscillation took place in the magnetic
circuit of the apparatus, and induced in the electrical
circuit oscillations. the frequency of which de
pended on the values of the components used. These
two phenomena interacted, and gradually built up
the tension. As the mechanism was not understood
the proper arrangement could not be worked out.
but has been arrived at by experiment, and the
apparatus had to be brought into adjustment by
to have anything to do with it at all, or else were
more concerned to find a fraud than to see how it
worked. The exception was Dr. Frolich. who was
convinced of the reality of the effect, and who also
believed that the secret was to be found in an
analysis of the energy changes in the special
inductive circuit used. He had made expertements
to lest his ideas.
CONSTRUCTION AND TESTING OF THE
"MAGNETSTROMAPPARAT
Coler built an apparatus as shown in Figs. 1.2. and
3. It is to be noted that some magnets are wound in a
clockwise direction looking at the N pole (called
Left and others in an anti-clockwise direction
(called Right). The magnets were selected to be as
nearly equal in strength as possible. and the
resistance of the magnet-coll combination was
checked after winding to sec that this also was
uniform (about 33 ohm). The physical arrangemen:
was as shown in Fig 2 in a brendboard siste
Measurements of Voltage and current across A-B
were mado with a Mavometer A mechanical
arrangement of sliders and eranks for separating the
magnets eveniy all round was made up.
On 7/1/46 experimenis were being continued
after three days of fruitless adjusting and when the
magnets were at a separation ofahout Them. the first
ENERGY UNLIMITED •14, POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque. NM. 87176
Page 39

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3842, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-mall defleeton was noted about 9a.m.1. Theswitch
as clesed and by slow adjustment ofthesliding coil.
and by mcreasing the separation of the magnets to
Just over 8 mai. by 11 am. the tension was raiser to
250 melivolts and be 12:30 p.m. it was 450 millivolts.
This was maintaned for another 3 hours when a
soldered tog became disconnected. and the meter
slowly dropped back to zero. Soldering the broken
connection did not restore the tension. The magnets
were closed up and left overnight and the same
procedure for finding the adjustment wos repcoted
7/2/46 After about three hours a deflection of 60
millivolts was obtamed. This was maintained for
more than 30 minutes, but then it decreased to zero
when further adjustments were tried
During all this work the model was completely
and nothing could be hidden in
it. The
breadboard and meter could be picked up and
moved around the room, tilted. or turned. without
The apparatus would appear to be too crude to act
as a receiver of broadcasted energy, or to operate by
induction from the mains (the nearest cable beingat
least 6 feet away. and the result must for the
moment be regarded as inexplicable.
TESTING THE COLER DEVICE
The Coler apparatus was tested by Prof. M. Kloss
‹Berlin) on March 4. 1926. Professor Dr. R. Franke
from the Technieal College of Berlin was present at
these tests
The apparatus consists nt a double-row system of
copper plates, a double-rowsystem of flat spools, and
a system of electromagnets to whose cores silver
wires are attached and through which branch
S
was ascertained towards the end of the tests by
switching off the one battery while the apparatus
was working
For starting the apparatus a double batters is
get a second charge-impetus after
exciting with the one batters. for releasing the
peculiar character of the apparatus. A test made
towards the finish of a series of trials confirmed this
assertion in as much as the mechanism could not be
started with the single battery, the "adjustment" of
the mechanism got disturbed
Current-indicators are built into each of the three
circuits mentioned. as Well as voll-meters. behind
some switch-resistances necessory for the "adjust-
ment." Between the open ends of the two plate and
spool-systems there are the terminal clamps for the
effective eireuit for whose leading three bulbs of B
volts are provided. The apparatus was then put into
action and the load was tested with the aid of the
built-in instruments. that is being loaded with 2
lamps. 3 lamps, and running light. Thereupon and
precision-instrument (continuous
current type) Semens & Halske Nr. 423820. the
Indications of the bull-in instruments were con-
trolled by switching on the mentioned precision-
instrument in turn to the single circuits. that is
direct to the one terminal clamp of the battery. in
order to ascertain if. perhaps. through any by-
connections with the batteries. not conspicuous at
once. more curren: might be received than the built-
in instruments were showing. The tests showed a
sufficient conformity within the bounds of measur-
ing accurac
Finally the same Instrument was switched on also
to the effect cireult. whereby some greater
5 Ma N
CARAL
Figure 2
currents of the plate-system are conducted. For each
of the three systems a three part accumulator-
battery of 6 volts and 6.5 ampere hours capacity is
provided. The plate-circuit and the spool-circuit are
parallel so that the two batteries appertaining
thereto car also be replaced by a single battery. This
differences with the instruments built into this
cireuit were shown: on the other hand, however. not
such differences as to alter fundamentally the total
result in any was.
In order to find out whether the output current
might be identical with a wave-current overlapping
Раде 10
ENERGY UNLIMITED 414, POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 1310, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Tist with
instrument
built-in
idem
104371
17T'
841
built-in
SCH 423820
built-in
SAH A23820
hutift-int
SoF1.423820
Table 1
Results of Measuring
Culer Apparatus
March 3. 1926
Change
Magnet
Plate
virenil
Ашр.
Volt
Amp
Vult
: bulbe
i bulbs
0.21
0.21
0.21
15
0.5
0.16
0.22
+.7
4 D
Control of the but-in instruments;
Ofthe batters eireuns
3 beths
0215-19
0215
3 bulbs
021 0h
0.2
The thron built-in instruments show, with sufficient
precision, the series of the three batters cirenits.
Control of the instruments in the external eirenit
3 bulbs
2 bulas
1 Б0lb
Spodl
Amp.
1.06
1:075
Volt
0.3
External
Amp
. 1
AL.T
Tol:
fi.
3.0
4.05 731
0,0701
1T30
37A0
11
12
13
14
15
16
buill-in
S&H 423820
5&H 251189
huilt-in
S& F.423820
huilt-in
SGH.420820
1.X
HAD
2300
3.15
1.16
1.1
From the built-in tension meter of the external
circuit estimations below 3 volts could not be rend
anymore. When slightly over 3 volts the instrument
indicates correctly, when over 5 volts, the indication
is somewhat too low
The built-in euront indicator of the oxternal
circan points somewhat too High
Thecontrol-instrumentS 4 H 103820 ta precision
continuous current-instroment Millivolmeter|for
current and
Tension
The control
instrument H.OB. 293169 Is 0 hot We Instrument
ENERGY UNLIMITED F14. POB 33637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. N7176
Pae 11

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 844, "chars": 5365, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TESLA TECHNOLOGY: THE FARADAY-
TESLA-CLARK HIGH CURRENT D.C.
GENERATOR
by Richard L. Clark
In the theories and discoveries of Faraday there is a
to run extemal power needs—-lights, motors, eic. Since
well-known device called the Faraday Unipolar Genc-
rator. This generator system's theory and construction
this is a high current, low voltage direct current generator
system, an inverter unit is necessary to convert the direct
design is carried in most standard Physics and Elecurical
current output into alternating current of 60 Hz and 115
Engincering texts and handbooks. The models and designs
volts for standard household utility.
shown ang in fact a later Tesla improved design of the
Should the reader wish to build a small working
basic system. The basic disc rotating in a magnetie field to
model of this Clark Modified Faraday Generator, the brief
produce an extremely high current, low voltage direct
plans will be given: On a six-inch long, 3/8 inch diameter
current is standard technology. The Faraday Unipolar
brass or copper rod, place a copper or brass washer of 3 to
Generator is also a standard Faraday Unipolar Motor. If
6 cm diameter, about 1/8 inch thick. Obtain 6 to 8 radio
you ture the dise mechanically, the dise rotating in the
store ceramic tomid magnets for about 25c cach, giving
fixed, parallel to rotation, magnetic field causes a direct
you a 2,000 to 3,000 Gauss magnetie stack. Place all these
current of high current and low voltage to appear at the
magnets in a stack, north pole up. Place 4 of these
two output terminals. But conversely, if you apply a high
magnets on the rod below the copper or brass washer and
current, low voltage direct current to the output erminals
the other 4 on top of the washer. All polarities of the
of this same unit, it will rotate mechanically as a motor via
magnets must face toward the same end of the rod. Now
the disc being a conductor in the magnetic field. So much
rotate the rod, north magnetic and clockwise, in anelectric
for the present theory and design as accepted by all
drill or lathe chuck. Using a sensitive woltage-current
standards and professionals currently.
meter, the output can be read between the outer edge of
The Clark modification to the Faraday Linipolar
the disc and the center of the rod. The formula for this
Generator-Motor will now be outlined. The previously
device is: E out = disc area in cm: x gauss of magnets x
fixed permanent magnets, or electromagnetis, that formed
revolutions per second of the dise x: 10*
the magnetic ficki for the Faraday Generator-Motor are
Great care should be observed in balancing and
now attached to the disc itself as a part of the rotating
handling of this flywheel device at high speeds. The gains
clemeni. Now the Faraday design is only a generator and
in larger design models are in the disc (flywheel) radius by
not a motor. A voltage and current across the output
the squares, and only linear for Gauss and rotational
terminals does nothing but see a nearly dead short. and
velocity. Therefore, new designs need large radas dises
therefore, it is no longer a motor at all. But when the disc
as the primary optionizing model parameter. The units can
is rotated mechanically it is still a generator unit of very
be linked in serics to raise the ourput voltage level. Be
high current and low voltage direct current as previously
very careful on all wiring terminations to minimize
designed by Faraday. The gain from this modification is
reSistance.
that the output load does not put a motor type drag on the
Copies of this paper and the proper submission forms
disc drive element as the load current increases. Thus, the
have been sent to the Energy-Related Inventions Office of
rotational drive force for rotation of the dise is constant,
the National Burcau of Standards and other Federal
without regard to current drawn by the generater output
Goverrument officials. Copies are also being sent to all of
load. The Clark modified Faruday Generator can threfore
the newsletters of the free-energy and clean-energy
exceed 100% input power to output power efficiencies.
movement for consideration for their publications. L am
producing "free energy"
So much for Lenz's Law and
going to develop and market these clean, fuel-free
back EMF problens
generator sysiems lor American consumers at the most
The best unit would be a Faraday Motor driving a
reasonable prices possible.
Clark Modified Faraday Generator Unit. This is because
Other applications of this Clark Modified Faraday
of the identical current and voltage requirements of these
Generator system would be to propci electric automobiles
two systems on a common shaft drive design. To start this
without the heavy and costly batteries. Small aircraft and
unit a simple pull-rope could be used to rotate the system
boats can also be built or modified to use this new power
initially. Once tuming, the generator outputs and drives
system. Also, using the known Townsend Effect, a lift
the motor, which turs the generator, bootstrapping up to
type of airframe, like a "flying saucer" can be built based
the controlled speed regulation point. Then the surplus
on this new generator as a polarized capacitor and
generator output, above motor running power, is available
flywheel inertia system.
***
Page IS
ENERGY UNLIMITED •14. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque. NOL. 87176

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-Energy
Unlimited
THI MAGAZINE
OF NON-CONVENTIONAL
ENERGY TECHNOLOGY
Ir Som san to be tomad shour al the woedertal
dscosenes which hate boca made and kepi nochet ah!
Home dan wil soon come fond you a cunoo abut
tanto cenand beter the fores that shape coun
fue st vine guant do read de most tablaste and ser
sospech tre at cow somne prosiples wolfo
hasep to waco truche academic prow and dogber
Peonica PEORE ENERGY UNLIMOED o creatol tor
ENEROY ESLIMITED brines teu news ant acorums en
seancer lato and develoggins, breal =
and picames on transtopm scient he thinking Mer a incher
statc
no explanaron yeb dira totally dew aseron of the
new to construct espermenal appantuschunenen ne
survie un los planet es a livia al De colo
Renember de dees UNLIMID NEROYE a
practical applatos n PAKI OF OUR MISSIN
ENERGY UNLIMITED 5 de pagon boi 300
CONVENTIONAL ENERGY TECHNOLOGY
escruting. Is aleles areas secundaah pone po
ley are emocahle to real and in etn 3.
Where chc can you todi suportan dentis Dedor
compite, conocene and workable Cosmogom winch
paraes sentes
el gen eden do the No Age ce TRANSM 11.
HOs Conceges pococd by genoses boe Nikola Test
Mallen Husseil, med mary odios pre tamaRcd Bo wends
Please send a 1 issue subscription of ENERGE ONLIMITED
3 82000 Bookrate (US/Canado/Mesico) Ol $21.00 Foruign Surto CAEAE
(Postal Mones firder)
Pastal Menes Onder
Please begin with Joste =
1 learted ahout ENERGY UNLIMITED from
NANTE
ADDRESS
YES-1 want
the latest
іп пол-
conventional
energy
technology
CITY
STATE
ENERGY UNLINTED Back Boste-Sailable Pleas send Ass e
U:Ei Bookrate US Cann
(Postal Money Orient
(Pastal Manes Onderr
ENERGY UNLIMITED
P.O Box 15637, Sta D
Albiqueaue. N.M.
#7I76 U.SA
la completoste 12
BELES
C 40008 Bookrate 108 Conal Mesen DS Foconduro O Suen Forto A
(Postal Mones Orderi
ENERGY MOTLINE A 1-12 Please cena losnes F
(Cortal Mane Drder)
1 3200 US Canndo Mesio 2s250 Foroler-Sordo El Sed Farope
5160 rall 12 US Caral/Mece Ca foral Hace Sueca
5200 for all 12 Pirren Aor (Pactal Money Orderl
•lamal Maine eraor
1 encese CASELECK MONEY CHOFE for the anomat of s
Ferviga subscribers please send POSTAL MONEY ORDER
tS baaks impos large encetion for preher forme of palment

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3803, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Sacred Fire The scientists of today are now
working with the Universal farces of creation
os the ancients did.
The positive creative
potential is unlimited, a solid opportunity to
solve our most pressing environmentol
problems, energy problems, and necessary
food production increases in the near future.
Although there is always the negative
potential of war, that has always been a
possibility. That's not a scientific problem,
thot's o human noture development situa-
tion.
HOW TO GET DEVICE PLANS
Dy shoring the knowledge we have in this
area, the work progressively developed
faster by independent researchers and small
groups who feed information back and forth
to help eoch other. In 1980 we will be
providing details on the 100% efficient
electrical generator, the subatomic particle
cone-beam mining extraction equipment,
and the materialization/demoterialization
matter-energy transmitter. To be sure of
quick and effective future development, the
detolls of these sophisticoted pieces of
energy equipment will be provided to
anyone who has acquired the plans and
instructions for the six subatomic particle
beam and field generators described in the
beginning of this communication. A basic
understanding of these devices from our
complete set can provide o secure founda-
tion for further individual research. An
Individual reseorcher con easily use our
information as a take-off point for more
creative developments ond inventions dur-
ing the interesting times we live in.
We can provide onyone interested with
aur complete set of plans, diagrams. and
instructions for operation of the six devices
for a fee of 548 to cover our expense.
We
feel quite positive about the future of our
energy and ecology as well as all life on the
planet with 50 mony people working
cheerfully in oreos that make life more
creative ond enjoyable. We hope you do
also when you see the potential of whet
we're working with.
#*#
ELECTRON STRUCTURE PROPOSED
by Martin Ruderfer
Dimensions, Inc.
95 Modison Avenue
Hempstead, LI. N.Y. 11550
Since the discovery of the electron about
80 years ogo, it has been regorded as a
point moss and its internal structure has
remained a mystery. All attempts to obtain
a physical model of the mathematical
model advanced by Dirac in 1928, which hos
been very successful in accounting for the
electron's known properties, have failed. A
new theory, which has previously accounted
for a neutrino antineutrino structure of the
photon, hos now been applied to the
electron to yield a specific physical structure -
a composite of two neutrinos which continu-
ously bounce off each other every half-
wavelength.
The theory is advanced in the just-released
second issue of Speculations in Science and
Technology, published ot the Western
Australia Institute of Technology. South
Bentley 6102. Australlo.
NEW THEORY EXPLAINS MORE
The propsed electron structure conforms to
the mathematical Dirac description, but the
physical model it offers reveals much more
It provides o direct origin for the charge and
mass of the electron, leads to a new general
theory of the structure of all elementary
porticles. gives an explanation of the
apparent violation of time conservation in
certain kaon decays, and suggests that
quarks may be only mothematical artifacts.
In addition, the extension of the proposed
electron structure to all elementary particles
requires their basic building blocks to be
neutrinos and antineutrinos.
Since the
neutrinos are the smallest known class of
particles, a naturel and intriguing simplifica-
tion of the hierorchy of motter results.
The properties of the electron are the basis
of modern technology.
This release
represents the sequel to the neutring theory
of photon structure.
###
Page 16
ENERGY UNLIMITED a11. POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 752, "chars": 4820, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HANS COLER INVENTIONS
(Part I of III)
by R. Hurst
Hans Coler of Germany invented twe devices to
from the secondary was used to light a bank of lamps
derive electrical energy without a chemical or
and was claimed to be many times theoriginal input.
mechanical source of power. His "magnetstrom
and to continue indefinitely. Details of the circuit.
apparat." consisting only of permanent magnets.
and a theory as to its mode of operation are as foilows
copper colls. and condensers
in a stationary
(See Figure 1).
arrangement, showed that he could obtain a tension
The basic principle is that an electron is to be
of 450 millivolts for a period of some hours. In a
regarded not only as a negatively charged particle
repetition of the experiment the next day. 60
but also as a south magnetic pole.
millivolts was recorded for a short period. Coler
The basic element is that of an open secondary
claimed his Stromerzeuger
with an input of a few
cireuit. capacity loaded. inductively coupled to a
watts from a dry battery, could give an output of 6
primary circuit. The novel feature is that the
kilowatts indefinitely
capacities are connected to the secondary core
through permanent magnets as shown:
THE MAGNETSTROMAPPARAT
It is claimed that, on switching on the primary
This device consists of six permanent magnets
circuit. "separation of charges" takes place, i.e. Mi
wound in a specia, way so that the circuit includes
becomes +, only charged. and 3-, only charged, and
the magnet itself as well as the winding. (See Fig. 1.
that these charges are "magnetically polarized"
These six magnet-colls are arranged in a hexagon
when they are formed. owing to the presence of the
and connected as shown in the diagrom (Figs. 2 and
magnets. On switching off the primary circuit a
, in a cireuit which includes twosmall condensors.
"reversing current flows in the secondary, but the
*do not exert a polarizing effeet on this
a switeh and o pair of solenoidal coils. one sliding
inside the other. To bring the device into operation
Two of these basie elements are now placed
the switch is left open, the magnets are moved
together making a double system or stage with the
slightiy apart. and the sliding cord set into vartous
positions, with a wait of several minutes between
plates close together an parallel planes as shown See
adjustments. The mongnets are then separated still
Fiure 2). The secondary windings are both exnetly
equal and wound in a direction such that on
he coils moved again. This process is
repeated until ar a critical
separation of
switching on the primary coil the electrons in the
secondary coil flow from PitoP?and F toFF System
magnets, an indication appears on the voltmeter.
The switch is now closed, and the procedure
FI-F" merely has an inducing effect, and the useful
continued more slowly. The tenston then builds up
current comes into existence in the system P-P.
graduate a me matest tenon themena
A single stage cannot be effective but two stages.
conneeled so that the numbers of effective North
indefinitely. The greatest tension obtained
stated to be 12 volts.
and South poles are equal, will provide a baste
The "Magnetstromapparat" was developed by
working arrangement. More double stages can then
Coler and von Unruh (now dead) early in 1933, and
be added to provide higher outputs.
they were later assisted by Franz Haid of Siemens-
There is the normal electron flowing from the
Schukert, who huilt himself a model which worked
batterv and from induction when the circuit is
in December 1933. This was seen by Dr. Kurt Mie of
opened or closed. Part of the theory also describes
Berlin Technische Hochsehule, and Herr Fear
"space electrons" Lowing from "repellingspaces" to
(Haber's assistant at the K.W.I.). who reported that
"attracting spaces" between the plates
the device apparently worked, and that they could
In 1925 Coler showed a small (10 watt) version to
detect no fraud. One model issand to have worked for
Prof. Kloss (Berlin), who asked the Government to
3 months locked in a room in the Norwegian
give it n thorough investigation. but this was
Legation in Berlin in 1933. No further work appears
refused, as was also a patent, on the grounds that it
to have been done on this system since that date.
was n "perpetual motion machine."
This version
was also seen by Profs. Schumann (Murich).
THE "STROMERZEUGER"
Bragstad (Trondheim) and Knudsen (Copenhagen)
In 1933 Coler and von Unruh made up a slightly
This device consisted of an arrangement of
larger model with an output of 70 watts. This was
magnets. flat coils, and copper plates, with a primary
demonstrated to Dr. F. Modersohn. who obtomed
cireuit energized by a small dry battery. The output
from Schumann and Kloss confirmation of their
Page 1N
ENERGY UNLIMITED #14. POB 33637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NO. 87176
