{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-12T20:10:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6459870, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125280-cejka-nikola-teslas-bold-adventure.pdf", "source_sha256": "b2d48f71f76fa1e2bab8cd94386be7cdb84dd25c1ad7848ad18b73906c69b15a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2328, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NIKOLA TESLAS
N THE AFTERNOON of May 17, 1899, inventor Nikola
Tesla stepped from the train at Colorado Springs
obsessed with electrifying the earth. The elite of Little
London turned out to welcome the stranger from New York
City and they were not disappointed—Tesla was a striking
figure. His tall slenderness, wavy black hair, piercing gray
eyes, and European mannerisms never failed to capture the
emotions of those about him.
Of the several dignitaries who made it their business to be
on hand, few were able to comprehend the significance of
Tesla's visit. It was not long before the electrical wizard
was able to give his audience a traumatic demonstration
of his purpose.
Of the thousands who reached these shores in 1884, destiny
marked Nikola Tesla, an immigrant from Yugoslavia, as one
who would soon stand out from the crowd. Within a span
of fifteen years, the ambitious inventor bestowed upon his
adopted country a prodigious number of scientific achieve.
ments and accomplishments.
He not only gave us our present system of alternating-
current power transmission, but also the invaluable a.c. motor,
ideas and apparatus for industrial induction heating and weld-
ing, diathermy, with its medical applications, synchronous
time mechanisms, gaseous tube lighting as in neon and fluo-
rescent bulbs, as well as X-ray apparatus and techniques for
their employment. Furthermore, Tesla established a consider-
able amount of the groundwork for radio communications
and related fields including the science of radio-guided
missiles.
At the turn of the century, when colleagues were directing
their attention to moderate distance code communications,
Tesla was feverishly anticipating a method of broadcasting
music, speech, pictures, and newspapers to all parts of the
globe. According to the inventor, his
"World System" of
communications would not only interconnect telegraph, tele-
phone, and stock ticker services, but would also provide the
benefits of safe and accurate navigation without the aid of
compasses. Clocks throughout the world would require little
attention as their operation could be radio-controlled from a
4
Teala's 187-foot tower in Shoreham, Long Island, was capped
by a dome 68 feet in diameter. The structure was part of
his proposed worid wireless system of broadcasting.
By HARRY L. GOLDMAN

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2123, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BOLD ADVENTURE
Strange experiments
conducted by an
electronic wizard
at the turn of
the century
master station. In addition, he claimed that it would provide
personal telephone communications between parties, regard-
less of distance, with an incredible device small enough to
be carried in one's pocket.
As though this were not enough, Tesla's World System was
to incorporate the transmission of electric power without the
aid of wires. Swaggering in his own inimitable manner of
grandeur, the inventor predicted the feasibility of running
the street cars of London and lighting the lamps of Paris by
the power generated from Niagara. The implications of such
a reality fermented a passion which bordered on the threshold
of physical pain, "Humanity will be like an ant heap stirred
up with a stick," cried the impetuous Tesla. "See the excite-
ment coming!"
Tesla's New York experiments had become restricted by
the physical limitations of his Houston Street laboratory. The
four-million volt lightning-like discharges produced by his
electrical transformers struck ceilings and walls. It was im-
possible for him to apply practical tests to his wireless trans-
mission theory without accommodations more in proportion
to the enormity of his imagination.
Emens had preceden eid stories of hiy tient est ce.
arrival created quite a stir in that bustling community known
"for its cosmopolite and high bred people" as well as "its
reputation of always doing the right thing at the right time."
Noting Tesla's arrival, the Colorado Springs Gazette (May
28) declared, "This week has been noticeable for the presence
of distinguished personages in Colorado Springs. Tesla, the
electrician, second only to Edison, if indeed to anyone, is
establishing his scientific headquarters here and will settle
the question of wireless telegraphy in the weeks to come."
News reporters badgered the inventor with questions about
his scientific achievements and for information pertinent to
his presence in Colorado Springs.
Tesla satisfied their curiosity by informing them that he
proposed "to send a message from Pike's Peak to Paris."
5

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3487, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(This was more than two years prior to Marconi's famed
transatlantic transmission.) The natives were well aware of
a United States Signal Service (Weather Burcau) telegraph
station at the summit of their famous mountain but Tesla's
utterances were something else. The inventor further ex-
plained, "I will investigate electrical disturbances in the earth.
There are great laws, which I want to discover, and principles
to command."
Tesla took a room at the Alta Vista Hotel with a view of
the majestic Peak, affording him an opportunity for enjoying
his favorite pastime, watching nature's lofty thunderbolts.
Furthermore, he liked Room 207 because its number was
divisible by three. Tesla's habit of carrying out experiments
and repeated acts in numbers divisible by three was but
one of the many phobias that haunted the inventor through-
out his life.
Armed with a loan of 530,000 from John Jacob Astor,
$10,000 from M. Crawford, a drygoods merchant, and the
unending influence of his lawyer friend, Leonard E. Curtis.
Tesla became fervently committed to a regimented schedule.
He contracted for the construction of an experimental
laboratory of his own design. In mid-July, a structure of awe
and mystery stood isolated on the prairie pasture east of the
Colorado School for the Deaf and Blind, It was a huge barn-
like construction approximately 100 feet square and braced
on three sides. Above its sloping roof was an 80-foot tower
through which there extended a 200-foot mast topped by a
one-meter copper sphere. The forbidding omen hovering
over the area was augmented by a fence with notices written
in large black letters warning, "KEEP OUT—GREAT DANGER!"
The major part of the interior was taken up with a variety
of Tesla innovations. The electrical wizard was pioneering
virgin fields and his apparatus, yet untried and exhibiting all
the characteristics peculiar to an H. G. Wells's fantasy, had
to be constructed by highly trained technicians and shipped
from the east. High-voltage transformers, dynamos, resonant-
tuning devices, capacitor-discharge apparatus, oil-insulated
capacitors (a Tesla invention), and a large metered control
panel were among the items neatly spaced about the hall.
At one end of the laboratory was the secondary coil of a
giant Tesla transformer, which the inventor termed a "mag-
nifying transmitter." Its primary coil (buried underneath
the floor) was fifty-one feet in diameter and wound with
heavy copper bars.
In the center of the secondary was another coil with a
diameter of ten feet, It carried 100 turns of wire and served
to function as an extension of the secondary. The 200-foot
mast extended up through the center and supported a large
copper cable, which connected to the one-meter copper
sphere. Using these devices, Tesia intended to determine if
the earth possessed an electrical charge (it does) and to
institute experiments that would alter its magnitude (he did).
Who but Tesla would be so bold as to undertake a scientific
investigation of such proportions?
The mystified citizens of Colorado Springs kept a safe
distance from the odd-looking structure. Passersby, such as
those using the trolley line on Nob Hill, were amazed by its
precocious appearance and would stare in unison with similar
ALL PHOTOS COURTESY OF THE AUTHOR
The Tesla Experimental Station, Colorado Springs, in the 1890s. Later
the 100-square-foot building supported a tower 80 feet high with
a mast 200 feet abose that and topped by a copper sphere.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 646, "chars": 4149, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sorts of ungainly expressions. Herdsmen moving their animals
out to pasture went about their work unable to conceal their
contemplations.
Those whose curiosity led them to trespass the bounds of
the property reported seeing strange blue flickering lights
emanating from the enigmatic gadgets within the laboratory.
Said one eyewitness. "Through this mass of intricate and
dangerous mechanism, Mr. Tesla walks as fearlessly as if
on the streets of the city." A reporter who had managed a
peek through the windows was startled to find a Tesla em-
ployee standing at his side. "Your life is in peril," he said,
"and you would be a great deal safer if you would remove
yourself from the vicinity." Tesla was extremely secretive
about his work and always maintained a strict security. In
order to discourage the overly curious, he publicly an-
nounced, "I have an instrument at my station which is capable
of killing thirty thousand people in an instant."
There were, however, a few residents who were allowed
the privilege of infringing upon the sanctity of Tesla's Olym-
pus. In the book, The Life of Nikola Tesla, authors Hunt and
Draper mention Fred Stevens, a photographer, and Richard
Gregg, an errand boy.
Nonetheless, it is doubtful whether anyone on either side
of the Mississippi ever viewed a creation similar to the likes
of Tesla's experimental station, and it is no wonder that the
sight prompted one writer to say, "Mr. Tesla is a great scien-
tist but a poor architect."
, Y MID-SUMMER of 1899, Tesla was able to utilize his
• Colorado experimental station for preliminary investiga-
tions of his wireless telegraphy theories. He was extremely
pleased with this western state as the site for his experiments.
Aside from the pleasantness of its natural beauty, the rarefied
air provided exceptional opportunities for the study of high
potential electrical phenomena. "No better opportunities for
such observations as I intended to make could be found any-
where," said Tesla. "Colorado is a country famous for the
natural displays of electric force. In that dry and rarefied
atmosphere the sun's rays heat the objects with fierce inten-
sity. I raised steam, to a dangerous pressure, in barrels filled
with concentrated salt solution, and the tin-foil coatings of
some of my elevated terminals shriveled up in the fiery blaze.
"An experimental high-tension transformer, carelessly
exposed to the rays of the setting sun, had most of its insulat-
ing compound melted out and was rendered useless. Aided
by the dryness and rarefaction of the air, the water evap-
orates us in a boiler, and static electricity is developed in
abundance.
"Lightning discharges are, accordingly, very frequent and
sometimes of inconceivable violence. On one occasion ap-
proximately twelve thousand discharges occurred in two
hours, and all in a radius of certainly lew than fifty kilometers
from the laborutory. Many of them resembled gigantic trees
Nikola Tesla, 1856-1943.
of fire with the trunks up or down. I never saw fire balls, but
as a compensation for my disappointment, I succeeded later
in determining the mode of their formation and producing
them artificially."
On one occasion, a fierce lightning bolt nearly demolished
Tesla's station even though the actual strike occurred at a
great distance, Reported Tesla, "A heavy cloud had gathered
over Pike's Peak range and suddenly lightning struck at a
point just ten miles away. I timed the flash instantly and,
upon making a quick computation, told my assistants that
the tidal wave would arrive in 48.5 seconds.
"Exactly with the lapse of this time interval a terrific blow
struck the building. which might have been thrown off the
foundation had it not been strongly braced. All the windows
on one side and a door were demolished and much damage
done in the interior. Taking into account the energy of the
eleetric discharge and its duration, as well as that of an
explosion, 1 estimated that the concussion was about the
equivalent to that which might have been produced at that
distance by the ignition of twelve tons of dynamite."
It was during a violent Colorado electrical storm that Tesla
7

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2100, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A lightning arc-representing 12 million colls— jumped 22 feet to the tuned helix at the
right in this 1899 photo of the interior of Tesla's experimental station in Colorado Springs.
The large fence-like structure in the background formed the secondary coil of the
magnifying transmitter, a high-coltage transformer. The primary coil, 51 feet in diameter,
lay beneath the floor. The coil at the left served as part of the secondary coil.
came to make one of his most astounding scientific dis-
coveries. After carefully adjusting his delicate measuring
instruments, the inventor noted an unusual reaction to the
earth's electrical activity.
"No doubt whatever remained,"
said Tesla, "I was observing stationary (standing) waves....
Impossible as it seemed, this planet, despite its vast extent,
behaved like a conductor of limited dimensions. The tremen-
dous significance of this fact in the transmission of energy
by my system had already become quite clear to me. Not
only was it practicable to send telegraphic messages to any
distance without wires, as I recognized long ago, but also to
impress upon the entire globe the faint modulations of the
human voice, far more still, to transmit power, in unlimited
amounts to any terrestrial distance and almost without loss."
Tesla later suggested the employment of standing waves
as a means of detecting moving objects at great distances.
"By their use ... we may determine the relative position or
course of a moving object, such as a vessel at sea, the distance
traversed by the same, or its speed." It wasn't until just before
World War II, some forty-one years later, that radar—as
foretold by Tesla-became a reality.
AS A RESULT of his investigations, Tesla concluded that the
. earth was not only electrified, but that it was charged to
an extreme potential. Accordingly, if it were possible to in-
crease the magnitude of the earth's electric charge by artificial
means, it might also be possible to withdraw the applied
energy anywhere on the globe. Basically, this meant that
Tesla's "system" was to provide the benefits of electricity not
8

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 856, "chars": 5688, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
only to the highly populated continents, but even to the most
remote civilized outposts whether on land or at sea.
To accomplish this, however, would require the develop-
ment of transmitting and receiving apparatus unlike any
devices heretofore conceived. It was to this purpose that the
electrical wizard dedicated his tireless efforts. At the end of
the summer of 1899, the equipment stood ready, in statue-
like silence, awaiting the highest man-made voltage experi-
ment in history. Tesla was about to cross a new frontier—
one far beyond that which anyone else had reached.
During the initial test, the mute electrical machinery
suddenly transformed into lifelike fire-spitting demons. Power
between their feet and the ground. An electrical flame leaped
from a tap when anyone reached for a drink of water.
So great was the power being thrown out by Tesla's
"magnifying transmitter" that light bulbs within one hundred
feet of the station glowed regardless of whether they were
connected to any circuit and all the electrical equipment of
a nearby fuel company ceased to function.
When Tesla's experiments utilized undamped waves (no
streamers emitting from the copper sphere), horses at the
livery stable suddenly bolted and kicked free of their stalls.
Even the insects felt the effects of the electrical barrage.
Butterilies became electrified and helplessly swirled in circles
—their wings spouting blue halos of "St. Elmo's Fire." One
graphic account of a Tesla experiment tells of an incident
which brought about the destruction of the main generator
at the Colorado Springs Electric Company powerhousc.
bridged by a machine-gun series of wrist-thick blinding
flashes. The huge secondary of Tesla's transformer was
crowned by an electrical fire of long finger-like streamers.
A halo of harassing brush discharges enveloped the entire
surface of the main switch panel.
Evidently, stray high-frequency currents had found a
return path into the Colorado Springs Electric Company's
facilities. Unknown to Tesla, the reaction was playing havoc
with their generators and transmission lines. Lightning insula-
tors within a dozen miles became short-circuited and glowed
with purplish arcs.
The awesome discharges, thundering roar, and the produc-
tion of choking quantities of pungent ozone portrayed an
impression of impending doom. Waving his arms wildly,
Tesla screamed an abrupt order to assistants to halt the ex-
periment. Pandemonium gave way to a frightening silence.
Following an inspection of the apparatus and the making
of critical adjustments, the inventor issued instructions for a
continuation of the test. This time, however, he would take
a position outside from where he could observe the copper
sphere high above the roof. Standing alone some three
hundred feet from the building, the wizard signaled a resump-
tion of the experiment. He presented a bewildering sight. His
inch-chick rubber heels, tight fitting cutaway coat, and black
derby hat made him appear to be seven feet tall.
As before, the high-voltage equipment gave an immediate
response. Full-fledged lightning bolts over 135 feet in length
erupted from the copper sphere. Leaping about in unpre-
dictable fashion, one leader followed the mast downward into
the laboratory; another hit the 80-foot framework which was
giving support to the 200-foot pole, while others were seen
as wriggling streaks clawing at the sky above.
Nearby, in the village of Colorado Springs, the natives
could hardly ignore the electrical wizard's scientific mischief.
The thundering roar of his man-made lightning bolts could be
heard as far away as Cripple Creek. People walking along
the streets experienced the unpleasantness of sparks jumping
• SIDE FROM What has been mentioned, little is known o
A the technical achievements of Tesia's Colorado adven
ture. The inventor claimed to have demonstrated the practical
application of his theory in an experiment which lighted two
hundred earth-connected incandescent lamps twenty-six miles
from the laboratory. Unfortunately, no photographic record
of this event has ever been published and there has been no
indication as to the location of the receiving station.
Encouraged by the fruits of his labors, Tesla left Colorado
on January 13, 1900, and returned to New York with plans
for establishing a world radio broadcasting station (this was
two decades prior to the advent of world communications).
He obtained S150,000 from J. P. Morgan and began con-
struction of a plant at Shoreham, Long Island. It consisted of
a brick building to house the transmitting equipment and a
massive 187-foot octagonal tower capped by a sixty-eight-foot
mental-framed dome weighing nearly sixty tons.
The plant was never put into operation. Construction prob-
lems proved more costly than had been anticipated, And when
rumors began circulating debasing the project as a fairy tale,
Wall Street turned its back on Tesla's enterprise, a stroke that
defeated one of the most unbelievable schemes in the history
of human advancement.
Tesla's Colorado station came to an equally inglorious end.
It remained intact for several years but eventually was torn
down and its contents sold as payment in a suit for unpaid
bills and employees' wages. Few references to Colorado his-
tory mention its existence and the omission makes it appear
as though Tesla's bold adventure was nothing more than a
Passing dream. Ge
Harry L. Goldman, a teacher of science in the public schools of
New York State, has published numerous articles on Nikola Tesia
and is former president of the Tesla Society.
The American West March 197l
REPRINTED BY NICK BASURA 1974
3414 Alice Street
Los Angeles, California 90065

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1204, "chars": 7472, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Time Catches Up With Tesla's Eccentric Genius
Pentined From Page 19
pacitars and a large metered control
panel.
ro-Hungarian Empire, and
soun
wwed a talent for inventica
in Colarado Tesla hit upon what he
and tinkering la 1854, he cook a ship
thought was a revolutsonary way to
o New York and immediately went to
send electricity through the air.
"Nut
work far
Thomas Aiva Edison.
oniy was it practicable to send tele.
But
he two quackly parted ways after &
graphic messages to any distance
dispute ever an invention.
Nithout wires," he wrote of the in-
sight, "but also to impress upon the
Going Into busmess for himseit.
entire globe the faint modulations of
Lesla soon developed the basis for the
the human voice, far more still, to
Iternating-current system in world.
transmit
power.
wide ase coday.
un. Imiled
He realized that di-
amounts, to any terpestrial distance
ct current can be transported over
and almost without any loss."
The inventor enjoys
Some
light
reading
while a Testa coll shoots
out millions of velts
around him. Lightning
bolts from his labora-
tery in Colorado, below.
lis up the night sky fer
miles around.
vires for only a few railes, whereas
igh-voltage alternating current can
Financedby J. P. Morgan
o on almost forever without sustain-
With the financial backing of J. P.
g great osses of power.
To make
Morgan, Teala embarked upon a plan
e new system practical, he invented
to
commercialize
the
dispovery,
nd paterted a variety of alternating-
building a 200-foot tower at Sboreham
urrent generators, transformers and
on Long Island.
motors.
By
Morgan
1906, however,
had abandoned the project
Edison backed direct current as the
and the tower was never compieted.
Tesla.
erfect electrical source of the future.
esperially
in
later
nd the twe men fought a heaced bat-
was a mia of extraordinary idiosyn-
e over the best system. It went down
crasies and boastful declaraticos that
science listory as the war of the
semetimes sent his science peers inte
arents" - a cantest Tesia wan.
a rage. His kleas for power transmis
sian tarouch air
onceived Futuristie Devices
many as pure fantasy,
were dismissed by
So much for Tesla's conventicnal
With a pocket-size vibrutor, he once
The Centennial Committee
told reporters.
could
generate
resonant tremors that would spilt the
earth in twe
rk the age of electricity — in.
He ga
inventing a
dazzling
minutes.
stie devices
Whalever the plaustbility of his earth-
says Marconi in
rather precise
radio,
Mr.
Grotz said in
Trequency
turned out to
"But:
to the
one before Mar.
mark, as
uning
the
Tesla was demar.
great
radio-controlled
model
Chilean earthquake of 1960, when goo
ant talking
about transmitting
physicists were able to mensure the
ctrical power
Atlantic.
time it took waves to travel back and
te that to Marconi's S-O.S."
forth through the Earth.
of the
At the symposium some of Tesla's
preme Court of
United
States
advocates
seemed to try so outdo the
tand dare ben greeded by
3 crack for hyperbole as they
found it had
•practical
been preceded by
cool ed
denth
rays and
achievements
paper enti
Hotbas
Bearden,
E
example is radar
which
engineer
short wavelengta radio sig-
Fina: can be reflected back from
analyst, notec
what
number of
de
i objects. As early as 1900, mem-
IcE
based
The
Tesia's more exotic Icens.
centennial committee
thetical
Testa
devices
The hyp
surrested that
incladed
wha!
he
these
lengtha couid be used for locat-
termed a Tesla howitzer
and a Tenla
shekt that could allegedly stop Seviet
the
Now
York Public Library and
feed his friends, the pigeons
lite he
Late in
announced that he had
гВ-
ceived signals from distant planets, a
claim that was greeted
with some
skepticism.
Altzacts Following et Fanaties
Waidemar
Kaemptfert,
ence editor of The New York Times in
the first half of the century, once de-
seribed Teria as "an intellectual boa
constricter" and a "medieval practi
soner of black arts.
missiles
Tesla's closest living relative, Mr.
Terbo, says that four basic types of
people are attracted to Tesia - sert-
ous scientists, Yugoslavs proud of sis
actievements.
petite some ot wake te an
cultists who worship hits as an extra-
terrestrial.
"There are religious fanatics in
Fasadena who say he came down on a
space ship from
Venus."
Terbo, adding. It's no small group.
Although
sale Dr
Teala is only belatedly
being recognized for the wide ranging
brilliance of his actuevements, one
testimonial to his gears did come in
1917 from B. A
Debrend, an engineer
who had an inkling of the mark Testa
would make on Western civilization
27
speakers
"Were we to eliminase from cur ib-
dustral
worid
resuits
work, " he told a basquet in Tesla's
honor, "the wheels of lacustry would
cense to turmi, our electric cars and
trains would stop, our towns would be
dark.
our mills would be dead and
idle. His name marks an epoca in the
advance of electreal science. From
his work has sprung a revolution."
at the
a symposium, held his month at
Proposed Death Rays
Calorado
College
Colorado
Tesla suggested
in
put their emphasis on Tes.
Uniced Scates
1540 that the
most spectacular oxperiments of
military could bulld a
which
systern at Coath rays that would melt
accurred at a laboratory
lar from
enemy airplanes at a distance of 250
the symposium
miles
al the
century,
The War Department
balt marmau corn that gener-
into the idea
and said politely, no
10 million to 12 million
volta of
ncity and seat
bolts of artitictal
*With Tesia you're always going to
ges the fringe.
ming Mashing 135 feet through the
said Roberi K
Golka,
feat
a physicist who spoke at the symposi-
led.
that has never been
um. "Ir'shard to tell what 1s real and
what is not. Tesla will always attract
* Sarouded in Mystery
guys with ideas about perpetaal mo
thas day, scientists debate what
i accumplished in Colorado, for
Indeed, Tesla himself was some
9. Br ober troused in
thing of a character,
Margaret
According to
Robert
Cheney,
whose
Bass,
book,
cal engineer with Litton Indes.
Man Out of Time."
said at the symposium that one
details
the
eccentricities.
Al Lie
sla's moro cantroversial claims
nis tame, while eating din-
created bal: ightning
Palm Room of the Walder?-
probably true and he cited can-
Astoria Hotel, be would polish the al-
prary theories
al physics to ex-
sparking
sliver and crystal
bow Tesla could reproduce sach
using exactly 19 napkins. He had a
phobia about
natural phenomonon.
germs
las
and a love of
laboratary
in
Colorado
numbers divisible by three
was a bart-ilke structure that
The New York Times reported in a
op a hill on the prairie and was
front-sage article in 1915 that Tesla
was to share that
d by an 8o-foot tower and be-
year's Nobel Prize
that a 122-locc mast.
The tall
in physics with Edison. But he never
it carried
sins
BCC the award.
One biographer
"Keep
said
that Tesla had retused to share it with
his eid rival.
Another version has it
of artificial lightning could be
for miles.
ording to Charles Wright, a re-
neer formerly with the Pub-
Company of Colorada, the
was filled with a host of in-
• ncluding high-voitage trans-
rs. dynamos, coils, capacitor.
Arge
devices.
at-insulated ca-
that Tesla rejected the prize because
it had been given in 1909 to Marcoti.
After the death of his mother, Testa
became increasingly
eccentric
and
withdrawn. He vigorously disagreed
with theories
put forward by
great
scientists of his day including James
Cierk Maxweil and
Albert Einstein.
He never married.
he
wald
Nearly every day
go to Bryant Park behind
