{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T22:46:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4428208, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125268-cejka-nikola-tesla-worlds-greatest-engineer.pdf", "source_sha256": "f08636d404f3691ef109b05eef40061ab31dda09d24c59b894cc59e543f62ec2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2655, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The author warked with Marconi, DeForest and
Saraff, and has been unsociated with Shepand Lubs
RCA. Monroe Caleulating Muchines and Philco
He joined the U.S. Naval Rescre in 1932 and was
un aefive duty during World Wur Il. He founded
and served is editor of BROADCAST NEWS for
RCA. He in the founder and honorary president of
the Eleciric Railroaders Association, and chainman
of the bonrd of GREEN LINE STEAMERS ISS
Deliu Queeni.
Tasta.
Mitcola
NIKOLA
TESLA,
WORLD'S
GREATEST
ENGINEER
By
Commander E. J. Quinby,
USN (Ret.)
Ask any electrical engineering student today to tell you
something about Tesla, and you are likely to get a blank stare.
Or the counter-question: "Who was Tesla?" It seam prepos-
lerous that our educators should have ignored entirely the
founder of our a.c, age, but such is the fact. Something should
he done about our technical education system.
Born July 9. 1856 in the village of Smiljan in what is now
Yugoslavia, Tesla rose from relative obscurity lo a top position
in the scientific world. He became a millionaire at 32 through
his important inventions, only to fade later into obscurity, and
died penniless.
His father was a clergyman. His mother, though she never
learned to read and write, was known in the communily is an
inventor of domestic labor-saving devices, and it is to her thal
Tesla attribuled much of his inventive genius. The young
Tesla. opposing his father's urging 1o study for the ministry,
insisted on a carter in engineering. His mother encouraged
him. He atiended the polytechnic school at Graz, specializing
in physics and mathematics. and continued his education at
the University of Prague. There he took course in foreign
languages. so that he could read the foreign technical litera-
ture. He became proficient in English, French and Italian, in
addition to the German with which he was already familiar.
and of course, his native Serbian.
Finishing at Prague in 1880. he took a post-graduale
course in Budapesi, where he debated the merits of alternal-
Ing current with his professors. He then want to work for a
Paris telephone company, where he acquired considerable
experience with d.c. dynamos and motors. While there he
invented regulating and control devices 1o protect the rotating
machines he serviced.
Electrical Industry Was Limited
In those carly days. direet current was universally uc
knowledged to be the only practical medium for generating.
iransmitting and applying electricity for heat, light of power.
But die. resistance losses were so great that a power p
was needed for every square mile served. Early incandescent
lamps, glowing none too bright on TID volts even close to

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1033, "chars": 6606, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the power plant. hucame pitifully dim an the power that drib-
hled from the lines less than a mile away. And everyone be-
loved that motors could run only on de. An alternating
current motor was considered an imposeihility.
This was the picture when, in I884, young Tesla stepped
unnecessary complication, cuusing endless troubles. He re-
alined that the "de. generator"
actually produced a.c., which
was rectified by the commutator into a series of waves, all
Howing in the same direction through the external circuit.
Then, to get this die. to produce rotary motion in a motor,
the process had lo be reversed, The armature of cach eleciric
motor was equipped with a rolating swilch (commutator that
changed the polarity of its mugnetic poles just at the right
insant as it Tevalved, to supply a.c. lo the motor,
The inspiration
l's Tesla, this was sheer nonsense, Ir seemed logical to
eliminate the Commutator at bath generator and motor, and
use u.e. through the whole system. But no one had ever buill
i meir that could operue on allernating current, and Testa
struggled mentally with the problem. And one day in Febru-
ary. IKX2, while stroiling with a classmule named Szigeiti
in u Budapest park, he suddenly buried our "Ive got it!"
Now watch me roverse it!" Al that moment he had visunlized
ihe torating magnetic field. Which would Tovolutionize the
whole clectrical indusiry. He suw the magnetic pull racing
around the stalfonary field (water) of his motor while the
irinature (rotor) attracted by the moving field, chased around
after it luster and faster until it was revolving at the same rate.
He would need no switching to the rotating clement — no
Commulator!
Suhsequently he worked the whole alternating current.
dectrical system our in his mind - including alternators,
sep-up and sep-down transformers for economical trans-
mission and delivery of eleciric power, and a.c. motors to
stipply mechanical nower. Impressed by the wealth of avail-
uhle water power going to waste around the world, he visual-
ized the harnessing of this great supply with hydro-electric
plants capable of distributing the power 1o where it was
needed. He marled fellow-students in Budapest by annuune-
ing: "Some duy I will harnuss Ningara Falls,"
Discouraged by Edison
The opportunily and fortung Tesla sought in the prom-
ised land did not come easy. When he met Edison. then ac.
tively engaged in developing a market for his incandescent
lamp: through his pioncer Pearl Strect plant in New York.
Tesla launched with youthful enthusiusm into a description of
his alternating current system. "You are wasting your time
on that thory" The grea man told him. dismissing the icca
promptly and finally:
For a ycar the call, guum Yugoslay struggled to keep from
starving in this strange land. At one point he dug ditches to
make a living. But the Foreman of the Western Union ditch.
digging project on which he was working listened to the vis-
¡onury descriptions of new electrical systems thai Tesla related
aring lunch hours, and intraduced him to a company execu-
Tive named A. K. Brown, Fascinated by Tela's vivid plans.
Brown and an asinciute decided to take a flyer. They put up
a limited umount of money, with which Testa set up an ex.
perimental: laboratery at 33-35 South Fifth Avenue (now
West Broadway). There Tesla set up a complete demonstra
lion of his syslem, including generaler. Transformurs. Trans-
mission line, motors and lighis. He worked tirelessly, and
without drawings; the plans for every detail were indelibly
etched in his mind. He even included iwo-phase and three.
phase systems.
Professor W. A. Anthony of Cornell University examined
the new ac. system, and promptly announced that Tesla's
synchronous motor was squal in efficiency to the hese el.c.
molers.
Alternating Current Arrives
Tesla then anempled to patent his system under a single
comprehensive pulent covering all its componenis. The Pill-
ent Office would not approve the all-in-one appliention, in-
sisting on separule applications for cach important idleh.
Tesla's applications filed in November and Decemher of 18X7.
resulted in the granting of seven U.S. patems In the next six
months, In April, IH88, he filed for four more putents. cover-
Ing his polyphase system. These low were prompily granted.
as were Is more US. patents later in the your. These were
followed by. numerous European palents. Such an uvalanche
of patents. so prompily issued, was withour precedent. hut
to completely novel were the ideas —so completely absen
wus any clement of interference or "unticipation" → that the
patents were issued without a single challenge:
Meanwhile Tesla staged a spectacular lecture and demon-
stration of his we. system-single-phase and polyphase —
at a meeting of the AlEE (now the IEEE) in Now York. The
engineers of the world were made aware that the limitations
on electric power transmission by wire had been removed.
opening the door le tremendous expansion.
But who would adopt this obviously bener system? Cer-
tainly not lhe established Edison-General Bleeiric organiza-
tion — it would have made their whole investment obsolete.
Apparently Tesla was stuck — with no market, no customer
for what he had lo offer.
It was at this moment that George Westinghouse walked
into Tesla's laboratory and introduced himself. Testa was
then 32 years old. Westinghouse 42. Both were capahle in-
ventors, accomplished engineers and electrical enthusiasts.
Westinghouse listened to Tela's explanations. watched his
demonstration, and quickly made up his mind.
"I will give you one million dollars cash for your alternat-
ing current palenis, plus royalties, offered Westinghouse.
"Make that royalty one dallar ner horsepower, and it's a
deal," replied Tesla, without apparent excitement.
As simply as that, the two men arranged the historic deal
and shook hands an it.
Tesla had arrived! Bur he was not a man to forgu those
who had placed their faith in his ideas, and promptly signed
over half his million-dollar fee to Brown and his associaie.
who had financed his laboratory. Although the backers of
Westinghouse later forced him to get a releass from Tesla on
the dollar-per-horsopower part of the agreement, such was the
friendship that had developed between the two men that an
amicable seitlement was quickly reached. Terla relinquished
the royalties that would have supported him and his research
efforts for the rest of his life.
The phenomenal success of the Westinghouse a.c. sys-
lems across the nation made it clear to General Eleciric engi-
heers that they would have to ger a license from Westinghouse
5

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 777, "chars": 5048, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
if they were to keep up in the rapidly expanding electrical
industry, The license — negotialed at a handsome fee — was
a feather in Tesla's cap; he distinetly recalled Edison's state-
ment thai there was no future in alternating current and that
experimenting with it would be a waste of time.
A Dream Realized
In 1890, the International Niagara Commission began
trying to determine the best way of using the power of Niagara
Falls to generate electricity. The scientist Lord Kelvin was
appointed chairman of the Commission — and he immedi-
ately announced that a die. system would obviously be besil
It was not easy to challenge this world-famous authority, bul
he eventually came to realize thar if power were in he trans-
mitled even the 26 miles to Buffalo, a.c. would be necessary.
So il was finally decided to use Tesla's system and generate
a.c. with massive water turbines. Bids were invited by the
newly formed Cataract Construction Co. in 1893, Westing:
house won the contract for the ten 5.000-HP hydro-electric
generators. and General Electric the contract for the trans-
mission system. The whole system -the line, step-up and
step-down transformers all followed Tesla's two-phase design.
He designed the big alternators with external revolving fields
and internal stationary armatures, lo minimize the weighi of
the moving members.
This historic project created a sensalion. for nothing of
this magnitude had been attempted at the lime. The ten big
2,250 volt alternators, revolving at 250 rpm and delivering
1,775 amperes each, produced an output of 50,000 HP or
37.000 kW. 25 hertz, two-phase. The rotors were 10 feet in
diameier and 14 feet long (14 feet high in these vertical gen-
craiors) and weighed 34 tons each. The stationary members
weighed 50 tons each. The voltage was stepped up to 22,000
for transmission.
Remote Radio Control
Tesla's pioneering in the realm of radio (wireless" as ll
was then called) went further than Morse code communica-
cion. In 1898 he staged a spectacular demonsiration of re-
mole control without wires at the original Madison Square
Garden. New York City, The first annual Electrical Exhibi-
tion was then in progress, and in the center of the vast arena
where Barnum & Bailey's circus usually performed he had
a large tank constructed and filled with water. Afloal on this
small lake he had a 3-foot-lang iron-hulled boat, with its mast
supporting an antenna. Inside the hull was a radio receiver
and an assoriment of clectric motors, driven by storage bat-
lery, to perform various "ship" functions.
From the opposite end of the auditorium. Tesla put the
vessel through a variety of manures. Including sailing for-
ward, steering left and right, stopping, reversing, and lighling
the lighis in its rigging in response to audience requests. The
impressive demonstration of course "stale the show" and
made the front page of the daily newspapers. But how many
dreamed that one day, using these radio-remote-servo-control
principles, we would land some of our citizens on the moon?
Mathematical Wizardry
Tesla's mathematical genius stood him in good sicad in
the design of ihe items of a.c. equipment that Westinghouse
and G-E undertook to manufacture. (in his carly student days,
he solved complex problems in his head, without pencil and
paper). His teachers suspected him of cheating, and put him
- 140 к Г
One of the 5,000 h.p. Nagara Falls units, with detall at lofe
Upper drawing shows the hollow drive shail that goes fhrou
The stationary armature to rotate the field, which hangs aut.
side and around the armature.
to conclusive tests. Young Tesla, it developed, had memorized
whole logarithmic tables!! The now established frequency of
60 cycles per second (hertz or Hz) stems from Tesla's mental
calculations. which convinced him that it was the most pruc-
lical frequency for commercial use. Al higher frequencies:
a.c. motors would become inefficient; at lower frequencies
they would require loo much iron. Lights would also nicker
at low frequencics.
Though the original Niagara Falls plant was designed
for 25 Hz to accommodate Ihe limilations of thu carly West-
inghouse turbine generators, subsequent expansion included
conversion to 60 Hz. Today this Niggara power is transmitted
all the way to New York City. 360 miles away, and at timus
is fod over the Northeast power grid for much greater dis-
tances. (When Tesla arrived in New York. the limit for effi-
cient power transmission was less than a mile!)
High Frequency Pioneering
During his invesligations into the unknown realms of high
voltage and high frequency. Tela adopted a most sensible
practice. When handling high-voltage apparaus, he always
kept one hand in his pocket. He insisted that all his laboratory
assistants take this precaution, and to this day it is alwis
employed by sensible experimenters around pesentially
gerous equipment.
Tela's explorations in higher frequencies and in the field
of incredibly high voltages paved the way for modern elec-
tronics, although the word had not yet even been coined

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 5242, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with his unique high-frequency transformers (Tesla coils) he
•nowed that he could actually pass millions of volts harmless-
through his body to glow-tube lamps held in his bare hands.
They would light up to full brilliancy from the high-frequency,
high-voltage currents. In those carly days he was actually
demonstrating nean-tube and fluorescent tube lighting!
Tesla's experiments up and down the frequency scale
sometimes led him into unexplored regions. Studying slow
mechanical or physical vibrations, he caused a virtual earth-
quake in the vicinity of his new laboratory on Housion Si.
His mechanical oscillator, approaching the natural period of
the building itself, threatened io mumble the old structure,
Furnishings in the police station over a block away began lo
dance around mysteriously as Tesla confirmed his mathe-
matical theories of resonance, vibration and "natural periods."
World's Most Powerful Transmitter
Investigations of high-voltage and high-froquency elec.
trical transmission led Testa to construct and operate the
world's most powerful radio transmitter, on a mountain near
Colorado Springs, Araund the base of a 200-foor mast, he
built a 75-foot diamcier air-core transformer. The primary was
only a few turns of wire. The sccondary within it was 100
turns. 10 feet in diameter. Using power from a generaling
station several miles away, Tesla created the first man-made
lightning. Deufening bolts 100 feet lang leapt from the 3-foot
copper ball at the top of this mast. The thunder was heard as
far away as the horizon. He was using voltages of the order
of 100 million — a fear not to be equalled for half-a-century:
Tesla burned out the power plant generalor with his first
speriment, but repairing it, continued his experiments until
-he was able to transmil power without wires for a distance
of 26 miles. Al that distance he was able to light u bank of
200 incundescent lumps — a total of 10 kilowalts. Fritz Low-
enstein, later to become famous for his own radio patents,
witnessed this spectacular accomplishment, as Tesla's assis:
tant on the project.
In 1899, Tesla had somehow spent the last of the money
he gut from Westinghouse for his a.c. patents. Colonel Jahn-
Jacob Astor came to his financial rescue. and put up the
necessary $30.000 for the Colorado Springs experiments.
Now Inis money was also gone, and Testa returned to New
Enter J. P. Morgan
In New York, Testa was prevalled upon by his friend
Robert Underwood Johnson, editor of Century magazine, to
write a feature stary describing his accomplishments at Colo-
rade Springs. But Ihe story Tosla turned our proved to be an
involved discourse on the subject of philosophy and "the
mechanical process of humanity." Although of the highest
literary quality. the rearise said little about the powerful
transmitter at Colorado Springs. Johnson had to return the
manuscript three times before getting some coverage of ihe
subject he had requested.
In the end, the article was published under the title. "The
Problem of Increasing Human Energy." li created a sensa-
tion when it appeared in prini. One of the renders who was
reply impressed was John Pierpon Morgan. who had fi-
-nanced the General Eleciric Co. In its pioneer d.c, days, and
more recently its part of the Niagara Falls project, Morgan
was Fascinated by the genius of Nikola Tesla, by his spectaeu-
lar accomplishments and his winning personality. Tesla soon
became i regular guest at the Morgan home. Impeccably
dressed, always the polished gentleman with European man-
ners and cultured speech in several languages, Tesla became
a faverite of New York and Newport society, Many promi-
nent matrons regarded him as a "good calch" for their daugh-
ters, but Tesla insisted that there was no room in his life for
wonen and romance —that they would interfere with his
research efforis.
Historians differ on what motivated Morgan to finance
Tesla's next big project. Some believe that he way genuinely
interested in the wireless transmission of power. Others argue
that - in the light of subsequent developments —il seems
ohvious that Morgan's interest was in gelting control of Tesla
and his achievements to protect the Morgan investments in
the electrical industry:
Finding that Tesla was broke again, Morgan agreed 10
underwrite Tesla's project of transmitting eleciric power
withour wires In 1904, Tesla acknowledged in Electrical
World and Engineer: "For a large part of the work | have
done yo far 1 am indebred to the noble generosity of Mr. J.
Pierpont Morgan."
From this alliance sprouted the fantastic "world-wide-
wireless tower on Long Island.
World Wide Wireless
The strunge structure that slowly rose near Wardenclyffe.
in the hilly portion of Long island, mystified all observers.
Resembling nothing so much as a huge mushroom, except
that it was not solid, it had a lattice-work skeleton, broad at
the base and tapcring toward its 200-fool top. There it was
capped by a 100-fbot diumeter hemisphere. The struciure was
NIKOLA TESLAS
10O MILLION VOLT TRAMSHITTZN
AT COLORADO SPRINGS
FRITZ LOWCHSTEIN, MATG EMO:
1819
ALONE DEPENDE
CONDUCTUR
WOODEN TONEM
STY EATENDEE
The 100-millios-volt transmitter, power from which lighted
200 50-wan lamps ai a distance of 26 miles.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 838, "chars": 5334, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
made of sout wooden members joined by copper gussets
bolted to ihe wood with siurdy bronze bolls. The hemispheri-
cal top was draped over its upper surface with copper mesh.
There was no ferrous metal in the entire struciure.
The famous architect Stanford White became so inter-
esled in ihe project that he did the design work without charge,
assigning one of his best designers, W. D. Crow, to the task.
Tesla commuted daily to the construction from hls quer-
ters in the old Waldorf-Astoria Hotel on 34th St., riding the
streetcars to the East 341h St. ferry, then the paddlewhec]
steam ferry to Long Island City and the Long Island Railroad
Io Shorcham. The railroad's dining service prepared special
meals for him so that his supervision of the project would
not. be interrupted.
When the 100-foor square brick power plant was com-
pleled near the base of the big tower, Tesla began moving
his Houston St. laboratory into the structure, Meanwhile,
annoying delays were encountered in the manufacture of the
radio-frequency generators and their driving motors, Several
glassblowers were busy fashioning special tubes. the design
of which still remains a mystery.
The Prophet Tells of the Future
Meanwhile, Tesla issued a descriptive brochure thai re-
vealed his far-reaching insight into the furure of the great
industry that at that time (1904) was limited to dor-and-dash
relegraphy. That document has persuaded many that the man
was aclually clairvoyant. He announced that the World Wide
Wireless system was being prepared to provide a variety of
facilities, including:
Telegraph Communication, Telephone Communication.
News Broadcasting: Stock Marker Quolations, Aids to Navi.
gation, Entertainment and Music Broadcasting, Accurate
Time Service, Facsimile, Telephoto and Teleprinter services.
Tesla was describing the Radio City of the future, which
he actually lived to see come into exisience!
Morgan's Support Ends
In Electrical World and Engincer of March, 1904, Tesla
revealed that the Canadian Niagara Power Co. had offered
him inducements to locate his wireless power transmission
project at their plant, and that he proposed to employ those
facilities to distribure 10.000 horsepower at a potential of
10 million volts.
The Niagara project never materialized, but may have
had some influence on the fate of the spectacular Long Island
project, For reasons that have never come to light, J. P
Morgan had a change of heart, and Tesla's financial fountain
suddenly went dry. At first Tesla refused 1o believe that
Morgan would not arrange for the nearly finished job's com-
pietion, but Morgan's withdrawal was abrupt and final. His-
torians of the industry wonder why. Did Morgan lose
patience? Did engineers of high repule convince him that
Tesla's visions, so openly revealed in the brochure, were non-
sense, and that he was wasting his mancy on a hopeless
dream? Did he suspect ihat Tesla was diverting time and
money to the Niagara projeci? The facis will probably never
be known.
Brainless Desecration
During World War I much senseless desecration was
perpirated in the name of national defense. For some strange
reason (or lack of reason) it was decided that Tesla's spec-
macular tower at Wardenclyffe. Long Island jeopardized the
19 17:3
Not all the facts
on the mysterlous
Long Island tow!
were ever knowa.
Some believe that
It was Intended
to iransmit a1
low frequencies,
*shaking 1he
earth" to
send
signals to dis-
tances then be-
lleved Impossible,
Tesla Foresaw a
complete modern
type of service,
but never stated
how large an area
he Intended
to
cover,
But.
he
cuiled it the World
Wide Wireless
System!
safely of ihe United Stares and must he destroyed. After
vain attempts to topple the lofty siruciure by auching cables
to it and trying to drag it off balance, it was finally capsized
by dynamiting his foundations. Even then, the tower did nor
collapse nor disintegrate, It simply lay intact on its side. ind
was finally dismuntled piece by piece.
But why did this structure have io he dispensed with?
Many taller objects closer to New York City — including the
Ramapo Mountains — were allowed to remain intact!
The Radio-Frequency Alternatar
As curly us 1890 Tesla built high-frequency a.e, gencra-
tors. One, which had 384 poles, produced i I0-kHz output.
He later produced frequencies as high as 20 kHz. More than
i decade was lo pass before Reginald Fessenden developed
his r.f. alienator, which had an output of 50 kW. This mu-
chine was scaled up to 200 kW by General Eleciric, and put
on the markel as the Alexanderson alternator, named afler
the man who had supervised the job, and who had constructed
some of Fessenden's carlier alternators.
When it appeared that British interests tulready in con-
Iral of most of the world's cables) were about to acquire the
patents for this machine. the Radio Corporation of America
was organized, at the urgent suggestion of the United Stales
Navy, The new company was formed in 1919, around the
Marconi Wireless Telegraph Cor of America, and ing power-
ful but inefficient Marconi spark transmitters were replace
by the highly successful rd. alternator. The first one win..
installed in New Brunswick. N.J, at station Wil. Il produced
a 21.8 kHz signal at 200 kW, and handled commercial busi-
ness previously the exclusive domain of the cables. Thin wan

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3732, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the first continuously reliable trans-Atluntic radio service."
The writer, as the most junior of the junior engineers on
the project, struggled like the rest to keep the first machine
running until the next was ready to provide relier. So well
lid these alternators perform that a whole battery of them was
_ordered, to be installed at Radio Central. Rocky Point. Lal.
almost within the former shadow of Tesla's tower.
Thus Nikola Tesla's World Wide Wireless dream was
fulfilled some three decades after he initiated the project and
right where he starled it, using the type of transmitter he
devised,
Radar and Turbines
Testa continuce active rescarch in muny fields. In 1917
he suggested that distant objects could be delected by send-
ing shortwuve Impulses to them and picking up the reflected
impulses on it Muorescent screen. (If that doesn't describe
radar, what does?) He described cosmic rays 20 years be-
fare orher scientists discovered their existence.
At various times up to 1929, he devoted his allention to
a "bucketless" high-speed turbine for steam or gas, Friction
hutween the incrensingly irascible Tesla and some of the engi-
neers and assistants cooperating with him on tests at the Edi-
son Waterside power plant and in the Allis-Chalmers factory
did not help his cause, but many respected engineers today
agree that we have not heard the last of the Tesla lurbines
with the smooth rotor discs.
Occurionally some reporter of feature writer would look him
up and munage to get an interview. His prophecies became
increasingly strange and involved. inclined toward the ab-
stract and delving into the occult. He never acquired the habit
-ahie to remain complete detailed datu on all his researches
and experiments in his mind. He said that he imended to
live lo 150, and upon reaching age 100. would write his
memoirs: which would include a detailed record of all the
"The Author is a Young Man." E. J. Quinhy watches over
the great 200-kW alternalors at Wil, New Brunswick, N. J.
data he had compiled during his researches and experiments.
At his death — during World War IT — the contents of his
safe were impounded by military authorities and nothing
has been heard as to the contents of the records if any -
it might have contained.
One of the peculiar inconsistencies of Tesla's character
was revealed when Iwo high honors were offered him, and
he rejected the one but accepied the other. In 1912 it was
announced that Nikola Tesla and Thomas A Edison had
been chosen to share the Nobel Prizc, including the $40,000
honorarium. Tesla could well have used the $20,000 at the
time. Nevertheless, he flatly refused to share an honor with
Edison. However, when in 1917 the ALEE's Edison Medal —
founded by anonymous friends of Edison was awarded to
Tesla, he was persuaded to accept it, after first refusing.
The Esteemed Eccentric
Tesla's natural demcanor was thal of the aristocrat. With
the passage of time and the depletion of his resources, he
sank into a condition of genteel poverty. Continuing to live
in the best hotels, his credit would become exhausted and he
would be forced to seek other quarters: Finally. moving into
the newly opened New Yorker, he found his problems solved.
Some of the organizations for which he had made millions
arranged with the hotel management to lake care of the aging
*Dr. E. Stuart Davis, of the National Telegraph Office (Mu-
seum) in Union, NJ., Happily reports that one of these giant
alterators has been preserved in the Smithsonian Institute.
where it stands as a monument to Tesla's pioneering, Fessen-
den's perseverance, Alexanderson's development and Sarnoff's
leaderslip. This one originally served at Trans-Atlantic Trans-
milter Station WSO al Marion, Mas.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 848, "chars": 5400, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Having once met Tesla through the mutual friendship of
the intrepid Huge Gernsback (possibly Tesla's last friend)
this writer later recognized the distinguished pioneer strolling
in the grand concourse of the Pennsylvania Terminal. Impec
cably dressed, his head bowed low over his pristine collar and
red-and-hlack silk necktie, his whole bearing was thai of a
high-born nobleman from the past.
"Good evening. Dr. Tesla," 1 ventured, disturbing his
solitude in the midst of the turmoil. "Are you catching a train
for somewhere?" His soft-spoken reply was memorable,
"No" he explained, "I often come here to think."
Tesla Insisted on carefully wiping each item of silverware.
china and glass before starting a meal, using a fresh napkin
for each. In view of this effort to achieve perfect sanitation,
it seems inconsistent that the maids reported Tesla's room
a he an "unholy mess." It wasn't Tesla's untidiness they
complained aboul — it was the pigcons! When he was nor
Feeding them out in the park. he fed them in his room, where
he lefi the window open so they could come and go.
The gold-plated telephone beside his bed, over which he
enjoyed a universal frank to talk to anyone anywhere in the
world without charge, was the roost of his favorite pigeon
* white one with grey-tipped wings. "When she dies, I u
die," predicted Tesla.
And so it was that one day in January 1943, his favorite
dove paid him her last visit. "She was dying." lamented the
lonely, unhappy Tesia. "] got her message, through the bril-
liant beam of light from her eyes."
One of the maids, observing that the "Don'| Disturb"
sign had been hanging on Tesla's doorknob for an unusually
long time, used her pass key to investigate. Testa had passed
to his reward, leaving his gaunt 87-ycar-old frame peace-
fully in bed. She led the mourning pigeons, gently ushered
them out, and closed the window:
Author's Note: 1 am indebted to the late Hugo Gernsback.
friend and confidant of Nikola Tesla; to Prodigal Genius,
the biography of Tesla by John 1. O'Neill: to the Proceedings
of the AlEE, and various publications for help and information.
Report of the 1970 Banquet Committee
By Jack R. Poppele
The 6lst anniversary banquet of The Radio Club of
America was held at the Statier-Hilton Hotel. Penn Plaza, In
New York City on Friday, December 10, 1970,
To many old timers who recall the carly days of radio —
the Statler-Hilton was formerly the Hotel Pennsylvania, made
famous by Vincent Lopez. The Statler-Hilton has not faded
with age, but provided a splendid dinner for the guests of the
club, some of whom remembered that this was also the locale
for the carly IRE conventions and banquets.
The Radio Club broke Iradition in 1969 when ladies were
first invited as guests at the annual dinner.
The banquet committee was faced with a double jeopardy
in 1970 when both railroads and taxi cabs were on strike, but
in spite of that 150 of our anticipated attendance of 175 club
members and guests either walked or bicycled to the dinner.
Bill Lear, a director of the Radio Club, was our principal
speaker. He carried everyone Into the future with his presenta-
lion: "DAMN THE SMOG — FULL STEAM AHEAD".
Bill Lear is credited with many firsts in both radio and aviation,
and his fertile mind is now at work on methods to overcome
pollution.
The election of new Fellows was announced and certificates
were presenied at the banquet to the new Fellows that were
present. Among them was William H. Forster, who came lo the
banquet all the way from Belgium. The Fellaws elected in
1970 are listed below:
Frank P. Barnes. Senior Vice President, IT
William H. Forster, Technical Director, ITT Europe
William Grenfell, Rules and Legal Branch. FCC
Andrew Inglis, Vice Presiden, RCA Corporation
C. M. Jansky. Jr. Consultant
William J. Kanz, Depuly Chief Inspector, NYC Police Dept.
Rhett McMillan. Jr.. Executive Secretary, APCO
Eugene Rietzke, Founder of Capital Radio Engineering
Institute
Harold F. Schwede, Schlumberger Co.
Julian Sienkiewicz. Chief Electronics Editor. Davis Pub-
licatlons
Waldo A. Shipman (Deceased) Columbia Gas Service Corp.
The excitement of the evening was enhanced by the draw.
ing of prizes which were donated by organizations who have?
deep respect for The Radio Club of America. The club acknow,
edges its sincere gratitude to the following organizations:
Acroiron Inc.
Chilton Book Company
The Hallicrafters Company
Hayden Book Company
E. F. Johnson Company
Kuar Electronics Corp. (Member Canadiun Marconi Co.
Group)
Michael Clark (The Plessey Company, Ltd,)
Motorola. Inc.
Pye Telecommunicalions, Lid.
RCA Corporation
Tele-Measurements Inc, (Jack R. Poppele)
A special treat of "Supreme Coppertone" was extended
to the ladies, thanks lo. A. Plough. President of Plough. Inc.
makers of Copperione and St. Joseph Aspirin.
In spite of rising costs. the price of the dinner was held to
510.00 per person, supported through the sale of tickets for
the prizes. The banquet commitice is indeed grateful for the
support of those members who gave of their time to make
our 6lst one of its most successful and memorable events.
Evenis were recorded for posterity by Jerry B, Minter. past
President of Radio Club of America.
Banquet Committee
Jack R. Pappele. Chairman
David Talley
Julian Sienkiewic?
LeD G. Sends
J. R. Sims
Pauline Poppele
Lorraine Peppele
June Poopele
Joanne Link Soties
Judy Dutr
Marina Frana
10
