{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T08:22:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 65, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 41656092, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304298684154703, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125252-cejka-cernitin.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541093350000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125252-cejka-cernitin.pdf", "source_sha256": "b05667edd66edf3cfb35d3cdc49eae99035a3ed60b0ae8387ffa256bfd8c3031"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2995, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A BRIEF SYNOPSIS OF THE CERNITIN BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
Please reed and consider the following few pages very carefully, as your future
financial security and independence mey very well be "in your hands" right now,
with CERNITIN (pronounced SUR-NA-TEEN). There are many factors which go into the
creation of an axceptional Network Marketing oppoctunity, so what I have attempted
to do is to isolate these factors, inspect them, and anelyze them as they apply to
Cernitin. Many top, knowledgeable MLM professionals, some who heve earned millions
of dollars in MLM, have already seen the incredible opportunity Cernitin offars
and have grabbed it. This very same, brand-new. opportunity axists for each of us.
The thing I was most staggered by when I firet looked at Carnitin, was the
realization that here with Cernitin existed e product line potentially broader in
scope and reaching many more customers than the brilliant marketing success, Aloe Vera,
yet having equivalent spectacular results and miraculous testimonials; plus it has
over 30 years of medical and scientific research and testing, with broad usage
throughout Europa and Asia by millions of people in over fifty counties • In addition
to the stupendous credibility and back-up support this all gives us, the real clincher.
the thing that really sets Ceptinin far aheed of the pack, is the fact that Carnitin
has a "total exclusive" on all espects of the gathering, extraction, filtration,
production and distribution of this amazing life-giving cellular concentrate. This
is almost like having a patent on the life-force itself. What this "exclusive" means
is that no one can ever buy these products except from a Carnitin Distributor. All
of Cernitin's products are backed-up by a myriad of international patents and trede
secrets, in addition to awning, controlling, and operating all the tachnology, equip-
ment, and know-how necessary to produce Ceritin's callular extracts. Also, tans of
millions of dollars stand behind Ceritin, so theis research and development will
continue to provide new breakthroughs and applications for this flower-power",
this Carnitini!!
If you take a look at the products which Cernitin offers its custoners, and
you look at the benefits that they provide, you will see that these are exactly the
things that everyone da looking for today: ENERGY, YOUTH, HEALTH, andLONCEVITY!!!
We have an opportunity to halp create a huge market for a fabulous product which
people will need and want, and yet they can't get it from anyone else but us. This
is truly a Network Markating dream-come-true, and it is just the beginning of the
creation of a superstar company, a true GIANT.
To follow are a number of the factor's which lead me to feel quite certain
thet Carnitin will be catapulted into the ranks of a handful of MLM "Superstar Companiee"
Cernitin has en affective, creative, and stcongly goal-oriented management team.
Cernitin has the begt financial backing yet in Network Marketing ($40millfon).

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 3440, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
P+ 2
3. Carnitin is set up so each distributor orders dicectly, eliminating busy work.
4. Cornitin pays all bonuses directly,with printout of all downline purchases.
S, Carnitin has a Pull complament of professional, effactive sales-aids.
6. Becoming a Cernitin Distributor costs $35, and you get a first-class Starter Kit.
7, As a Carnitin Distributor there are no territorial restrictions, so Network!
B. Carnitin is committed to macket its products only thru its Netwock Distributors.
9. Cernitin plans a powerful product-line with exclusive, state-of«the-art products,
10. Coinitin has been careful to assure proper incantives with compensation plan.
11. Carnitin has unique, axciting products that offer users anergy, health,and youth.
12. Carnitin owns the worldwide exclusive rights to produce and macket its products.
13. Carnitin's product-line is part of an exploding growth industry, healthd fitness.
14. Camnitin is new to U.S.,but 30 years of use with miraculous results thru Europe.
15. Carnitin is a pure, natural, orgenic subatance, listed ee pharmaceutical/16 Nations
16. Cernitin is the concentrated cellular extract of specially-bred, cultivated,
harvested, and biologically fermentad and filtered flower pollen particles. It is
produced by AB Cernells in Engelholm Sweden, tha world's first pollen company,
Flower pollen is recognized by experts and authorities as theạmost perfect food
known to man". AE Cernelle's foundas, Gosta Carisson, known worldwide as "king of
pollen", inventad the pollen trap: Carnitin is analogous to "royal delly".
17. Queen Bees eat "royal jelly" everyday and other bees never do; she lives 36x long
18. Carnitin is mentioned by name as source of pollen in scientific and medical studi
19. All other pallan supplemants are comparatively useless due to undigestible Husk.
20, No allargenic response to Cernitin products. It is completely safe and pure.
21. Carnitin stimulates and strengthens the body's entire immune systam, fights disea
22, Camitin is believed to increese human longevity, studies in Russia and Europe sh
23. Carnitin is being praised all over world by Qlymoic Championg, and Pro. athletes.
24. Muhammed All trained with Cernitin during his prime, and totally backs the product
25. Comitin hee developed a soon-to-be-relaased exclusive, revolutionary skin-cara-lir
26. Carnitin has a Medical Advisory Board composed of widely respected M.D. 's etc.
27. A soon to be released hard cover book thru major bookstores will scientifically
document flower pollen's incredible resulte, and will mention Carnitin by name.
28. Carnitin's T.L.C. (Training Leadership Councils) wil1 foster co-operative
Networking to blassom and offer superb training support to all Cernitin Distributors.
In
29, Carnitin has a fabulous compensation plan highlightad by the following;
this ag.
e. Reteil Profits
"manages"
43% on all products as computad on Distributor cost.
would get a
Builders Bonus of 4% on total volume either 3 or 5 lavels deep depending on
total bonus
of $1 7572/Mo
personel volune($50=3 levels, 9200=5 levels). § get 5,5 lovelsx$50em.=07810/
each one
Management Bonus of 5% on total volume of entica personal organization.
in the orga
Using above example of § get S,atc.,S levels deep,only $50 Vol. Cach=59,752/1
orders
S50!
d. Leadership Bonuses paid on downline Managers, § Generations, up to 5% on each.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION REQUEST § PAGE REPORT. THERE IS SO MUCH MORE!

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
Carnitin, a cellular axtract which rejuvenates the body on a
cellular level, has long been termed by scientiste "nature's
moet perfect food".A concentrate of the nutrients found within
the pollan graina of planta, Carnitin contains every nutrient
necessary to sustain life: every known vitamin and mineral, 23
amino acide in free amino acid form, eessential Patty acids, 97
enzymes and co-enzymes, plant hormones, prostaglandin precursors,
catalysts and other essential biofactore in biologically active
form. In addition, 3% of the weight of this substance ramains ae
yet unidentified by science and may account for some of its
greatest value to man.
The pollen for Carnitin is cullected directly fron flowers
grown organically in closaly-monitorad, pollution-fres environ-
mants in southern Sweden. After collection, the nutrients are
extracted from tho virtually undigestible pollen husk by highly
sophisticated processes which ratain biological activity, render
the nutriants pure, non-toxic and non-allergenic. and highly
assimilable by the body's cella, It is estimated that 90-95%
of theses nutrients are assimilated into the cells, The processes
by which Carnitin is made have been developed by years of research
by A.B. Cornelle in Sweden, and theis multiple patents on these
orocesses have remained unbroken fot more than 30 years. A,8. Cernella
is the only company in the world which can produce this substance in
large quantities for human consumption,
Popular amongst Olympic and profesaional athletes and prescribed as
a natural phormacautical by doctors in 16 countries, Cernitin has
osen in use for over 30 years in 50 countries throughout the world.
In all of that time, no one hee ever repocted an. allargic of toxic
reaction to it, and it remains without contraindications and gafe
for all people, including infants, nursing mothers, pregnant women,
the elderly, those on medication...averyone.
Carnitin is the essence of pollen, the source of the food chain and
the genesis of all life on the land messes of the earth. In a balance
created by nature, ita hundreds of nutrients work synergistically to
nourish, support and rejuvenate the body's cells, The banefits of
such powerful life energy include increased energy, stamina, and
endurance, a strangthening of the body's resistance, improved mental
clarity and ability to cope with strese, a building resistance to
allergies, improved balancing of the metabolism and hormonal systams,
increased aneerobic capacity and recuperative powers in exercise, and
Through the research and development of A.8. Cernelle, the financial
backing and award-winning businass expertise of Skane-Cripen, and
the dedicated efforts of Dr. David Allen and the Carnitin America
# staff, Carnitin is now available to the people of America.
For further informetion, please contact your Cernitin Amarica
Independant Distributor, Linda Sherwood...213-479-2872.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hello
How are you?What are you doing these days? etc.I'm calling a few
key people_
.leaders sucn as yourself to share with you a unique situatioc
I'vecome across, It's truly awesome! I believe it's that rare winner so many
of us have been searching for (haven't even dared to hope for) and what a
great feeling to really be in the right place at the right time (finally!)
I'm sharing this initially_
with some key people (a few special people)
who I'd like to work with personally on this, people who might be ready for
that one in a million (once in a lifetime) opportunity like I have been for
many years.
If you were to imagine an ideal business scenario, you might picture something
like this:
Let's start with a product that has a universal market. It's a product everyore
(and I mean everyone) can use, should use, and will want to use as soon as they
know what it is. Furthermore; they'll continue to use it for the rest of their
lives.
Now this product is a consummable whose benefits everyone wanta. They include
energy, increased immunity (or resistance to disease), increased mental clarity
longevity, stabalized metabolism, balanced hormone system, etc. etc..Everyone
wants more energy and vitality. There is no doubt that this product will
dramatically and positively impact the health of millions of people in the
U.3. and could revolutionize the relatively poor health of the American
people.
How here's the exciting part. Just listen to this
.. This product is
brand new here in the U.S., and yeti: has behind it 30 years of scientific
research ard testina, with decumented miraculous results in 50 countrie of
the world (I'm talking of double and triple blind studies of every kind--
an incredible track record)
Furthermore, it's a totally natural and organic product, completely safe and
nor-toric, and yet (get this)it has multiple patents on it that haven't been
broken in 30 years.
Now here's the real kicker! The company importing this product from Sweden
--thats where it comes from-- has a total exclusive on it in the U.S. and
Canada. That gives us an exclusive on what could be the most important health
discovery of the century. We can plug into a success story that has a 30-year
track record, a business that has expanded every year for 30 years, and $40
million dollars in liquid assets specifically ear-marked to penetrate the
U.S. market. In fact, the company is backed by one of the top 10 investment
firms in the world.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2232, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The management team is also outstanding, top in their respective fleids
in nutrition, medical research, finance, business, and marketing
(including multi-level-marketing and as you probably know, MIY is the
marketing concept of the decade).
Even the timing is incredible because there's very strong Olympic
tie-in which, in itself makes a fascinating story, and in addition market-
ing studies have shown remarkably strong interest and need for this product
now in the U.S.
There's so much more! (I'm going to want you to hear about) For example,
the company has implemented a revolutionary training system that will
guarantee the success of anyone committed to being successful, (This
system will foster true networking throughout the country, probably for
the first time ever in MIM).
There are no weaknesses in the whole package. And I (the friends who told
me about this) have researched it in depth for eight weeks. A real sharp
guy named John Kalerch who owned his own (MIM) company and sold it to go
full time as a distributor in this company has said he doesn't expect to
see an opportunity as good as this again this century.
We're forming (involved with) a very dynamic powerful group and I believe
you could be qualified to be part of the nucleus of that group, (In any
case, I'd like your opinion). What I would like you to do -
- is to
take a look at this as soon as possible so you can evaluate it for rourself.
Then we can talk.
I'm having a special get-together at my home. (There's a special seminar.
at the home of the State Director) on Tuesday and Wednesday at 7:30. Which
of these evenings would be best for you?
*Pick them up if at all possible.
If not, give as explicit directions as possible, and a phone = Ask chen to
be on time or early if possible so that you can introduce them to the key
people. Confirm with them the time and date and that they are definitely
coming and that you will definitelv be expecting them.
Also: Use their name often and sound enthusiastic.
Other Key Phrases:
People in this country are looking forloften desperate for; energy, better
health, and a vehicle for financial independence, And as i'm sure you know,
the fastest way to making a fortune is to find a need and fill it

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 927, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I am conducting a survey on behalf of an innovative nutritional company from
Sweden. We would like to ask you 6 quick questions to aid us in determining
American attitudes about food supplements. Will you help?
1) Do you feel you are as healthy as you would like to be?
- yes
_ no
2) Do you feel that natural vitamins are superior to man-made
vitamins?
_yes
_ по
3) Would you be more interested in a product that builds your
immune system, as which gives you more energy?
4) Which country do you feel has superior health, the United
States or Sweden?
5) How much would an extra hour a day be worth to you?
6) Have you heard of Cernitin?
—yes
_no
_u.s.
Sweden
_35 or less
$5 -$10
more than $10
__yes
_no
Thank you. We would like to show you our appreciation for your help. Would
you please note your name, address and phone number so we can contact you
(with respect to free samples, discount coupons, etc).
NAME
ADDRESS
PHONE_

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1809, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROPOSAL and AGREEMENT
Binding Contract of Commitment with the
"Person in the Mirror"
Name
The undersigned proposes to furnish all materials and perform all labor necessary to complete the following goal:
I hereby swear to start today to reach out and do more with my life and achieve the greatness that I know lies within me.
which is waiting to be brought out
From this day forward I will not be denied any longer. This is a day in my life that I finally get the guts to do what I know
must be done and quit taking the easy way out, I will pay the price that is necessary to reach this goal because I know the
pain of not fulfilling myself is greater than the pain of doing any job no matter how hard.
T understand that my life's plan is going to be reached by reaching one goal at atime, each being but one step toward my
greater future, I understand that each contract I fulfill always puts me one step closer to what I want nutof life, and Lwill not
have to settle for what others give me or just earn a living. I have a power to change my life
Signature of Commitment
ACCEPTANCE
L. as agent for the face in the mirror. upon the completion of this goal congratulate you for proving once again that you
can do anything that you want and be anything that you want. You can also get anything that you want as lony as you know
what it is.
You have taken one more step toward being the person you dream of. You may take great pride in knowing that you have
the backbone to plan and reach a goal.
You are now one step closer to your major goal. As you know, major goals are justa string of successful small goals that
lead you to the top.
Date Goal Fulfilled
19
11E
TOM Lopkins
CHAMPIONS UNLIMITED
IMP
P.O. BOX 1969 • 7531 EAST 2ND STREET, SCOTTSDALE, ARIZONA 85252
© 1977 Tom Hopkins Champions Unlimited Inc.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2344, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TERMS and CONDITIONS
1.
3.
Use this contract with yourself for any goal. no matter how small or large. A goal, no matter how
small, should be trealed with great respect because it builds your character and self image.
Must be filled out in full and dated with starting and completion dates.
Your goal should be very descriptive and explicit. it should paint a very clear picture of what is
wanted and when.
All of your contracts that have not been completed. should be read in front of the mirror every day
with great conviction, so as to imped your goals into your subconscious mind,
When a goal is reached, sign as agent for 'The Face in the Mirror" and then write in large red
letters on the face of the contract. This contract fulfilled". Save all of these contracts and keep
them in order by date completed, so as to see a growth patter. You will be able to draw great
strength from this string of successes that you have accomplished, no maner how small they may
seem at first.
Rememoer, you can be as great as anyone, but you must have a plan. Each of these goals. no
matter how small. will become a part of that plan and help you to turn your beautiful dreams into a
fantastic, rewarding life.
Do not make conflicting goals, such as:
I will spend more time at home and I will double my sales. These goals may not work together
and may cause frustration in your life.
S.
9.
Your goals should be something you want bad enough to tum you on and light your soul on fire
and make you move and act with enthusiasm.
What you are doing here is deadly serious. You cannot reach a place that you want to go if you do
not know how to get there. It is the same way with life. Each one of these goals become a stopping
point or starting point on the road map of your life. They will become the blueprint for your every
success. If you don't have a blueprint, how are you going to build your life?
Please, take these extremely seriously no matter how small each goal. Reward yourself and
congratulate yourself for starting the habit of planning your life. You will reap unbelievable
rewards.
10-100 If you want your life to change, you have to change or you are going to stay just about the same as
you are. So set some goals that turn you on and get your life into gear. You can do it - You
can change and become or do anything you want. Just want!

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 839, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
t | L ' i = ©
a es Se ese af ne oe ee ee ee ee
a |

—a

y
a
i
|
L
if
ri
I
rk
Pl
if
=f
A

eal

} =
ki ia
|

YY

ll °
=

CY a a Sy aM WE

C4
=
Y)
—_

CEYNITIN
AMERICN

CUSTOMER CASH COUPON
VALUE 31,00

RR et

MM

h

LN Te ee

oo =
4j| CUSTOMER'S NAME CONSULTANT'S NAME Plies

=o AG ACACAC HO ACAC AC OC RONOS) CA EAC CO) 3
Fe why , TIiTie Tits Tinieltit i ep hire PPT Eee

ney

falta

—

Lat
_

|
ii

cn ee a =
Aaa) aS
7 :

SIE

CUSTOMER CASH COUPON.
VALUE $1.00

AREF STORIES

SS STS Se

CONSULTANT'S NAME
Ree NESS TSS TSN een)

TTT LEO LP LELEL ELE PELE TLE COLOR TET Rr eae

;
(C
ee

/

F

ELE RTS PRR LE I PE RRA I Dg

“i fm inl ii a i, <i wai Cali iee ||
Bit:

=>

ar

L
ih

C

ane?

C)

ik

uf
a\ Wile Le
} )

AYO

a

CUSTOMER CASH COM
VALUE $1.00

i)

Wail

Cac

Ne

CUSTOMER'S NAME _ COASULTANT'S NAME

eee

a
ak

a

=F
= =
— oy SS

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HULE OF PIVE, (OL,
PROBABLY ONE OF THE LEAST UNDERSTCOD ELEMENTS IN (HIN) [ULTI LEVEL HARKSTING
THAT MAKES IT WORK IS:
TANT OF THE SUCCESSIL PEOPLE EVER SPIN THE PIELD OF (HIN) HAVE SAID TO
US:ẠIF I HAD UNDERSTOOD THIS RULE EARLY IN MY HUIII LEVEL CHVOLVENENT, I WOULD
BE PAR MORE SUCCESSFUL THAN I AM NOW'!
IF YOU" WILL MAKE THE THE TO THOROUCHLY 'UNDERSTAND THIS RULE: THEN PUT IT IN
PRACTICE: 'YOUR BUSINESS" WILL CROU AT A RATE THAT WILL ASTOUND YOU.
IT IS EXTREMELY DIFFICILT FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE "NEVER" BEEN INVOLVED IN (HEH) -AND
SOHE WHO HAVE-IO UNDERSTAND HOW THE "PRESIDENT OF CERNITIN AMERICA, INC..
MR LARRY SPARKS" WAS ABLE TO BUILD A "DISTRIBUTOR ORCANIZATION OF OVER 12,000
DISTRISUTORS IN EICHI (6) MONTHS FIAT.
VHEN,.,YOU UNDERSTAND THE RULE OF FIVE (3)" - YOU WILL NEVER AGAIN "QUESTION"
HOW SALES LEADERS IN OTHER (HIN) COMPANTS HAVE BEEN ABIE TO DEVELOP DISTRIBUTOR
ORCANIZATIONS NUMBERING IN THE "THOUSANDS OF DISTRIBUTORS*.
- THE RULE OF FIVE. (5). -
THE PREHIEL: THE PEOPLE THAT "YOU SPONSOR" WILL BE-"(ALITY PEOPLE" THAT 'WANT"
THE SAHE THINGS THAT "YOU WANT".
THEY WILL "POLION" YOUR DIRECTIONS AND DO JUST
AS "YOU HAVE DONE.
INE FIRST LIHE OF MUMBERS DIRECTLY UNDER YOU: (IE;
INg (2) - ThERE (3) - LiVE (5) - ARE PEOPLE YOU DIRECTLY SPONSOR!) PROM THAT
POINT-ON DOHH FOR (FIVE (5) LEVELS-THE REST OF THE NUMBERS ARE "PEOPLE THAT "YOU"
DO NOI SPONSOR!
(YoU)
YOU SPONSOR
THE Y
2-Distribucora.
3-D Lacribucora.
THEY
27
125
THEY *
15
THE Y
THEY
1582S
WHAT DO YOU SEE!
IES... WHAI YOU ARE LOCKING AT IS A PURE HAIHMATICAL PROGRESSION.
VE UNDERSTAND THAT.
HOLEVERLLL IN HANT SALES LEADERS ORCANIZATIONS THE "NUMBERS HAVE WORKED BETTER THAN
THE PROGRESSION SHOEN. IN OTHER ORGANIZATIONS IT HAS WORKED LESS SO.
AS WE HAVE
WITNESSED (HIN) OVER THELVE AND A KALF (124) TEARS, OUR CONCIUSION AS TO THE VAST
DIPFERENCES AS TO "HOH" THE "NUMBERS" WORK OUT IS THIS:
*THE QUALITY AND DESIRE OF THE PROPIE YOU DIRECTLY SPONSER-DETERHINES ALL!"
THE "VAST
SPONSORINGỊS A (2) VERY CO
DESTRIBUTORS AND FOUR SPONSORING JUST PIVE (S SAY COCO DISTRIBUTORS VERY T
DO YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU DID HOT"
SPOHSOR FIFTEEN THOUSAND SEX HUNDRED AND
YOUR "CHOICE" OF THE "FIVE (S) DISTRIBUTORS "YOU DIRECTLY SPONSOR" WILL IN VERY
LARGE HIASURE "DETERMINE THE RESULISH YOU WILL EVENTUALLY ACHIEVE,
CHOOSE WELL,
""THE QUALLIT OF PEOPLE THAT WIIL BECCHE THE IPOUNDATION DF YOUR BUSINESS""!
WISDOM 6r TODAY
Thra fariuna knocks, open
The doer.
- German proterh.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3126, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
16
64
256
25
· 5
J25
BONSONING
The mumbers above give you the math-
matical principle that the mandala on
the font cover Illustrates graphically.
Tie principle la called Soone.
weano encolling others, and multiplying
yourselt and your energies.
Notice the totala at the bottom of
each column. By sporearing two other
people, there aro 16 peopla in the groupi
T
E
Ly each person sponsocing 3 each, theto
aro 31g with cach person sponsoring 4
sach, there are 256g and with each per-
HARKET
B G
son sponsoring 5 other people, there are
$25.
Tho sharp ries in the totale all
come frou each perang getting just one
we person saah.
Success in min la built awei tha
magic muler 5.
Dy sharing your bualness.
apportelty with just 5 pople, you can
realize high levels of incone, provided
We ditference lebson succestul
you can perpetuste that meter of dopli-
and menenful pople in that
cations Uruglent your oranization
prossful pople fallou a plas.
ponsoring la enrolling 5 people, -
Infanto Hrketing gives you Ba
and Hen helping then euroll 5 cach, and
plan for francial Independere
When baching Un to help Delt 5 to
Пи multi-Irrel marketing (ula
enroll 5 each, etc, It la sharing your
sergy with othere for sutual pasperity.
Дро-
$100/yc
Product
Domla-
elon
$
500
50
Osumbla
Product
$100/Honth
Ф, x 12
600
25
$ 2,500
250
$ 1,000
125
$12,500
$1,250
$15,000
625
$62,500
$6,250
$75,000
1-3 YR RETIRI MENT INCOME: $93,600/YR
HAI HUH HAKES YOU HOREN
Kay Poople Doing a Little Each
The illustration above clova how
large mounta of money con be mada In
nim.
You build an organization by spor
oring (sce poge 1). You yet pald a
condesfon on the vork of all Ua others
in your group, as well as on your om
HIH companies market a product or a
service.
It just the distrilotors pur.
chased $100 worth of the prodact In a
year, you vould recalva tho condealon
in the midite colan in our theoretical
example. BUT If the product vero consum-
bla so that It vas romal to purchase
100 a month, then with only the volum
generated by the people in your onaniza-
Jon you would receive the totalu in Uv
ar rloht colon
Traditional
Profit
St picture
Hanufacture
Joliber
Wholeaaler
Retailer
Salesmen
A TERI
Profit
MURE HAAT-TEVEL POPTES
ARE GENEATED
The 11lustration above above My
multi-level companies are able to retun
so much profit to their diutributors. AlI
the stops between the wanufacturer and
you, including the huge advertishy bad-
got, have been eliminatol. "The money gen-
erated la now cont cat aong the people
wo actually created it.
The motivation
song these distributor la kept high ly
their Involvement In their con personal
bainea project. Ditrepreneur magazine
In a recent Issue said Uhat Ly 1990 40 00
of D.S. companies sould bo marketing leir
prolet through multi-level sacketing.
HIM in receasion-proof and Inflation-
Porale cities. Stare in heirs
Good HH copandes thrive in any
for yourself, with practically to bitiat
Investment and no overhead.
The econory of the sale wichi sne
Increasing alqua of diffinity and even
deterioration.
MH enbles pople of
vialon to create a bar way of lelg in
the heless vorld ad have fun doing iL.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 542, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIRST PART OF COMPENSATION PLAN - TRI-LEVEL BONUS
S35. 00 - Starter Kit
$ 50.00 Minimum B.V.
5 × 5500 = $2,500 x 4 % = 100
25 × 5500 = 512,500 × 4 % = 500
125 × 5500 = $62,500 × 4% = 2,500
1ST LEVEL
2ND LEVEL
3RD LEVEL
5
25
125
GOAL IS TO RECRUIT 5 GOOD STRONG PEOPLE. INSTILL IN THOSE 5
PEOPLE TO RECRUIT 5 GOOD STRONG PEOPLE EACH. INSTILL IN THAT 25
PEOPLE THAT THEY MUST RECRUIT 5 STRONG PEOPLE EACH. DO THE
SAME ALL THE WAY DOWNLINE. ($500.00 AVERAGE B.V. PER MONTH). IF
YOU CAN'T MOTIVATE WITH DOLLARS AND CENTS. THE PEOPLE WON'T
MOVE!!

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 4459, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There are over 500,000 millionaires
in the U.S.A. and 20% of them
made their fortune in the last six
years in Multi-Level Marketing.
LEVEIL
MARKETING
by Beveriy Nadler
he newest and one of the most ex-
I sting tered marketing. Make 1o
multi-level marketing. Make no
mistake about it - this is not a fad, nor is it
an lifegal pyramid or chain latter scheme. It
is a big business offering more opportunuy
for weakin to more people than any other
form ai budiness. There are some 100.000
millionaires in the United States today and
twenty persent of tham made their fortune
in the last six years in multi-level marketing!
Muiti-level marketing (also known as
MLM) has finally gained respectability. It is
being taught in Harvard Business School,
and both Stanford Rescarch and the Wall
Street Journal have stated that between
10y and 65% of all poods and services will
be 10ld through multi-level methods by the
19901, This is a mult enlion dellar in-
desire
The tigrand-daddy! of MLM, Am-
way, declared over a billion dollars of sale
as early as 1980 and a relative newcomer.
Mary Kay Cosmetics grossed over six hun-
dred million in 1932. Almost every product
you can buy in a store can be bought
through MLM, or will be available soon.
This includes vitamins, diet foods, aloe vera
products, cosmeties and cleaning supplies
which are among the most popular MLM
lines. You can also buy books, magazines,
art work, purses, luggage, cloching, sa-
lionery and many types of foods. The list
goes on and on and the numbers grow
almost daily. More mullionaires have beet
14
created in the last decade through MLM
than any other form of business, At the
same time MLM businesses are declaring
bankrupicy simon as fast as new com-
panies emerge. Some people swear that
MLM is the answer to their prayers-the
American dream come true, Others, when
talking about MLM, simply swear!
What is this phenomenon that is sweep-
ing the country? is it the road to riches, or a
get-rich-quick scheme? Is it an easy way to
make money, or a frustrating, time-con-
suming fasce? Mast important, is there a
place for you in MLM? Let's take a closer
leak at this innovative form of business and
see how it differs from the mere conven-
tional ones. ML.M is really not an industry
in the same way that steel, construction,
wealth. Residual income is another well
known method of earning money. It is the
prime income source in the insurance in-
dustry where a salesperson cars income
this year from policies sold in pass years. If
he/she has enough policies coming due an-
nually, an insurance agent can build a
substantial income base to add to current
year commissions. Song writers, record ar-
tists, TV actors, and authors also ear
residual incomes, Multi-plex income, how-
ever, takes advantage of the efforts of
ethers to make money for you, It is similar
to the way many major corporations carn
their income. They rely on the efforts of a
network of independent distributors, The
manufacturer has no investment in the dis-
tributor network other than paying the staff
"Between 50% and 65% of all goods and services will
be sold through multi-level methods by the 1990's."
computers or video are industries. Rather,
it is a marketing concept which can be ap-
plied to almost any consumer product of
service.
MLM takes advaniage of what has been
termed multiples income: Everyone is
famillar with linear income - you work one
day and get paid a day's wages or one week
for a week's salary dic: you sew one dress
and get paid for that one piece. Certain
businesses and prefessions offer the oppor
tunity to earn tremendous linear incomes
including the /Im industry and the legal and
medieal professions. Bur most linear in-
come positions provide only limited oppor
tunities for acquiring any great amount of
necessary to deal with the network. The ma-
jor difference between multi-plex earning
power the way it is utilized by corporations
and the way it is applied by ML.M sponsors
is that the corporation must usually back up
' is distributor network with a considerable
number of advertising dollars.
Up to now we have been taiking abeut
everything that MLM is not. What exactly,
then, is MLM? It starts with a manufae.
turer who has a product line that it wishes
to market to consumers. The main reaser
new companies choose to use MLM is chai
it usually costs millions of dollars of
marketing expense to introduce a new proc-
uct. And even then, the results may be
JANUARY 1984

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4169, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
disappunting decause the compention for
consumer dollar is so greal. Compared lo
conventional advertising and promotion, il
desis a mail fraction to intreduce a prod-
uet line inrough MLM. This means that
start-up costs are considerably reduced, and
more money can be allocated to rescaren
and develooment. As a result, MLM prod-
uets are generaily of excellens quality, The
concept is simple. An ML.M company chooses
a nucleus of enthusiastic people in key areas
across the country to learn about the prod-
wet and the business opportunity it rep-
resenis, The company then depends on
these people to literally spread the word".
Of course there has to be motivation for
these original "sponsors" to become dia-
sioles for the company and its product (s).
The motivation is that it is a well known
fact that the people who introduce an MLM
company into an area have a good chance
of making a great deal of moncy-pro-
vided, of course,
that the company is
Agures monthly within and year of joining
other ivge of business ina: offers
great economic leveler. Although very few
MLM'ers will ever see these top earnings, it
can be done. Some of the biggest eurners
are unsophisticated, non-business people
multi-level.
MLM companies save the usual fifty or
missions and bonuses, Very little advertis-
ing is done in MLM, although individual
"Compared to conventional advertising and promotion, it costs
a small fraction to introduce a product line through MLM."
stabie.
The company provides you, as an in-
dividual, an opportunity to build an
organization (sometimes referred to as your
downline") by sponsoring four or five
committed people who will also "repro-
duce themselves by sponsoring another
four or five equally committed people. This
continues for four. five six and even seven
levels" in some companies. Sponsoring a
person in your MLM organizarion means
that you bring them into the organization as
distributors of ihe product. The key to
making huge sums of money is that you col-
lect commissions and bonuses from the
products sold by evergone you bring into
your arganization plus the people they
sponser. A listle arithmetic will tell you that
añer five levels of four proris each,
your organization thepretically can contain
as many as 1,024 people. (That's [4 x 4] =
16 people on the second level and |4 x 16] •
o4 people on the third level etc.) If you want
to coss this aside as being ridiculous or im-
nossible don't! i have personally met
Beverly Nadier us a consultant and let-
rurer in the health and personal develop-
ment field. She is the ourhur and producer
of the self-irelp bouk und ser of rapes
"Takine Charge*: Director of the Sica
Sumaking Center in Queens, she is alsh a
multi-level
marketing trampones
BUSINESS CONNECTIONS
distributors may advertise on their own for
diher distributors and/or retail customers.
Distributor kits, sales aids and literature,
procuct packaging, plus the cost of travel-
ing to the key areas for opening seminars
and training programs are the major mar-
keting expenses and even these expenses
are born by the distributor network.
bottom line on MLM is that it
le concept is so simple that many
I Regale find it difficult to accept
and wind up considering it a fraud or scam.
However, one of the truths about MLM is
that it is simole, but not easy! Your iinet-
work of contacts is the name of the game.
MLM is a people business. MLM'ers call in
"sharing the product and the opportun-
if Another very appropriate name lar
MLM is Network Marketing because it Is
ihrough one's own business and gersonal
merwork of people that an organization is
built. If you know people who believe in
you or in the company you represent, and
the products it sells, and they are ready to
commit themselves to becoming distribu-
tors, you could be on your way to a far-
rune. The key is to be absolutely sure that
they are committed to buying the product
monthly and finding other pood pepple to
sponsor -which is exactly what you must
do. Produce must be moved, MLM is an a
chain letter concept. You and your down-
line must tell peapie about the product fine
Commued On New Page
POLLEN POWER
porke FLOWER
CERNITIN AMERICA INC

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 812, "chars": 4681, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Continued From Previous Pagc
and why they thould want to use these
products for shemselves and how, by soon.
soring enough people they lee can car a
great deal of money. Due to the peculiar,
ities of human nature, however, you usually
have to sponsor filicon or iwenty people to
find three or four good ones. The rest fade
away with inertia in a short time, unless you
contact and motivate them constantly. And
even then, a good pereentage will will drop
out. Since people get very tired of having to
constantly morivare and inspire ochers, they
quickly lose interest and your dawnline
disintegrates.
Unfortanately many people are jumping
on the MLM bandwagon without the re-
ganizations and associations in belongs no.
Alto check the log management, What
their background? How long have thes
been invalved in MLM? How luccessful
have they been? Much of this informann
is available ihrough ihe MLM&ỗẠạprape,
vine" -other MLM'er. The company you
want 10 join should be a young, progressive
one. This is where the real ground Noor an
portunities exist, The earlier you become in-
volved, the greater are your chances of
becoming wealihy, The company should
make it easy for you to particinate. Prod-
was thould be thipped directly to rawl
distributor to that you do nor have to carry
inventory except for yourself and your per-
sonal retail customers. There should be a
"It is a well known fact that the people who introduce an MLM
company into an area have a good chance of making a great deal of
money -pravided, of course, that the company is stable.i
motest idea of what they are getting involv-
ed in. Just as in any business you have to
know how to play the game. There is a way
to win and a way to lose. There is, however,
no free lunch. People who make it in multi-
level must put forth effort, energy and con-
centration to build their organization. The
difference beiween MLM and conventionni
marketing techniques is that often in just a
few years a successful downline will do
most of the work for you and you canạẠre
Lireiạ Again, the key to success is that
everyone in the arganization must continuc
to buy the product monthly. Once you've
decided that you are interested in MLM
there are several things you need to do.
First, you must do some research on the
company you are considering jaining.
Don't be pressured into becoming a distrib-
utor by people who want to sponsor you.
There are hundreds, if not thousands of
MLM companies. Though the majority are
honest and reliable and have exceloni prod-
ucts, many of them will be out of business
beeause of poor inancing or inexperienced
management, Unless you are among the
three percens of the population who enjuy
selling you will want to represent a product
line that will literally sell itself and do so
over and over again. This means that you
need to look for companies wits "repest"
items, such as food, cosmetics, vitamins,
diet products, ele. Ask yourself if the prod-
unt line is one that you will use. Find our if
the company has good financial backing
This la a major foctor and it is a major
reason why MLM companies fail. Find out
the name of the company bank and the or-
minimum of paperwork - mou new com-
panies use computers to do most of your
paper shufTing for you, and pay all com
missions and bonuses directly to each
distributor. Carefully check the marketing
plan. Compare it to others, Generally you
want bonuses to be paid on at least four or
more levels. Usually the easier the plan is in
understand, the beiter it is, You also wan
to evluate it lo make sure that you don'i
have to maintain impossible quaras in order
ta receive good banus checks,
Look at the company's sales aids and
Inerature. Successful progressive
com:
panies represent themselves in print with
the same image they want to project in per
son. The company should require litie or
no investment in order for you to ger
started. However, If you want to be suc-
eessful, plan on buying a distributer kis and
ales aids, Wilhour these, you won't leave
company and product knowledge or any.
thing to shaw people whom you want 1o
sponsor, Finally, see if you can determine
the philosopsy that quides the camnany -
how commited are they to the succur of
their distributors? The basis of MGM sales
is many people moving small amounts of
merchandise. If the company is noi con-
cerned about the finlet distributor, la i
not the company for you.
Once you've chesen you company, say
there!
One of the worst things new
MLM'era do is artemal le become dint.
utors for several companies au che sam:
lime. Can't fall into this crap of dissinatiny
the primary focus of your concentration
Nor do you want to become part of it
JANUARY 1984

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 958, "chars": 5523, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MLM Club of the Nonin"
or Sching
tom whimpany to company leoking for
-one greener grass"*
Make a prospect lisi. This should include
everyane you know, plus new peaple you
sume in contact with. You should be adding
to the lisi constantly, Eventually you'll nar-
raw it down, sui right now, just whie down
names, This stimulates your mind to keep
thinking of more and more people many
if whom will be sumable prospects. Your
lisa should include lamily members, friends,
en-workers, acquaintances, shopkeepers,
people in the same business as you, people
you meet al a party, your doctor, your
mailperson, ear mechanic, people you buy
from or sell lo, the waitress
in the
restaurant where you have lunch-
everyone. However, not every prospect will
be a suitable candidate for your downline.
The ands you actually want in your organ-
casion need to be dathusiastic with postive
altitudes, You wani peopie who expect lo
work for their success - not those who will
wail for success to come to them. You don't
necessarily want salespeople types. The
most important thing that anyene can bring
to your organization is their desire to have
more out of life and their belief that this opt
partunity is their opportunity.
You want people who are eager to lear
about ihe company and the marketing plan.
people who ask a lor of questions, You
don't want those who you have to convince
and cajale to jain. They won't do any work
and will drain your energy. When you spon-
‹or people who are motivated and excited,
help them as much as you can. You'll alsa
MLM stresses the absclute
of setting goals. l has been
reported by Harvard University that only
ten percent of the population ever estaalish
goals in their minds and only three percent
actually write them down. The three per-
cent who put their goals in ¿Filing far out
ninety¿¿even percent in
setting what they want our of life, Ask
yourself wna: you want to achieve as a
result of your MLM business. Do you want
to add an extension to your home, or buy a
new house of car? Are you saving for
special vacations or your children's college
education? Do you want to make invest-
ments so that you will become financially
independent? Setting realistie goals is a very
mentally tiring activicy and not as easy as it
sounds. But it is absolutely necessary if you
are to succsed in MLM for any other bus-
iness for that matter).
You must also expect to invest some
money. You must have sales aids and you
should have enough product to sell to your
distrautors as soon as you sponsor them.
Having product on hand often encourages
people to immediately begin looking fer
potential dawnline distributors. You may
also want to place ads and/or make direct
mailings to look for distributors. But wha:
ever you spend, the investment does not
even begin lo approach the smallest amount
of capital needed to get started in a conven-
lonal business.
Be aware that you will face disappoint-
ment and discouragement along the way.
You will be enthusiastic and excited about
the financial independence which MLM of
ạIt has been reported by Harvard University that only 10%
of the population ever established goals in their minds
and only 3% write them down.iồạồạ
notice that these people will appreclate your fers and you will axpect everyone you speak
attention. When you call to find out how
to to feel the same way, Unfortunately,
they are doing, they know you are inter-
they won't. Many people may accuse you of
ested in hem. The people who are not go-
having gone crazy, They may laugh at you
ng to make t in MLM will let you know
and make jokes at your expense. They may
that you are nagging and bothering them
even become angry, The anger is usually
with your phone calls and visits, It is a
connected with their fear that you really
mistake to try to indiseriminately sponsor
might have something good and become
everyane you know. You need only four or
wealthy while they remain in the same
five solid seople. That means you should
financial position they are in right now. In
sponsor people who will commit themselves
order to reach your goals in multi-level tor
to carrying our the program -which is lo
any other business) you must be willing to
order product each monih and sponsor four
move on and move anead even if is means
or five equally good people themselves.
leaving some of your old friends behind.
And, of course, chey must teach their seo-
The biggest and most important factor
ple to do exacily the same,
that you bring to your MLM business is
Possibly more ian any oiher type of
Continued on Page 16
BUSINESS CONNECTIONS
Multi-level
Cantinued From Page 17
you - your personality, your knowiedge of
the company and product plus your en
thusiasm and desire to be a winner. All
MLM companies encourage their distrib
utors to purchase motivational books and
lapes. I highly recommend this (not anly
for MLM peaple, bur for everyane who
wanta to succeed in any business -or in life
for that maiter). When things do not g0
right, when the prospect you expected
doesn't join, when there are delays in
orders, ttc., your mental attitude may
become negative. I Feedingit your mind
with positive books and tapes and assoc
aling with people who are supportive and
"up will help you get back on the pastive
Multi-level marketing is not for everyone
Before you commit yourself, do enough
homewark to decide if it's for you, If you
come lo a positive conclusion on this pou
-then get out your prospect list. your gea
sheel, your books and rapes and all of your
eninusiasm and GO FOR IT

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 3057, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STEPS
1.
2.
MANAGEMENT
Ethice + intagrity: Support aystem; synergy.
2)
Philogophy: 3 P'e; high-level wellness; common purpose + sharad viaion,
Or. David Allen: aporte nutrition; to Sweden for 1st hand research,
4)
A.8. Cernelle looking for the right people and method of promotion.
CAPITALIZATION- Abla to eign $100,000,000 contract with Dick Gregory,
Moat highly capitelized company in network marketing history.
40 million § in liquid assete for Amecican market + 30 years,
Skene-gripen: top investment ficm in Sweden + government awecda.
Money For research * development and to tie up exclusives.
Set new standarde in the industry.
Cellular concentrate that nouriahes and rejuvenates the call;
source of the food chain; world's most complata + perfect food;
Coneummable with universal market + no contra-indicationa
Brand new to American public yet 30 yeare of uea and research in 50 countries.
Multiple petents give va a totel exclusive to market it.
Benefite everyone wants: energy: longavity: builda resiatance +
level of wellnees: helps balance all systems (improves quelity + quentity
of life), weight lose + management.
6) Equally phenomenal products on the drawing boards.
7.
2/3 of American people vaing food supplementa + growth induetry (toxic
Food, air + water: sedantary sociaty: food devitelized; intrinaic factore
in saa water = 3% by weight unknown)
Holletic health, wellness, life extension research -- growth induatrias
Olympice L.A. 19841 Lasse Viren; gymneatice gold madeliate.
(Mohemmed Al1; Mike Hainee: Dick Gregory)
4)
MLM, Nutrition, home based buaineases all booming industries,
5)
Ground floe:,
DISTRIBUTION
1)
Efficient; everyone can order directly: local warehouses
2)
Network Markating:
Pasteet growing induatry on N. Amar. continent.
Taught at Harvard; Stanford Research + Wail St. Journal
say 50% of all goods by 1990's merketed this method.
20% of ell millionnaires in USA in leet 6 years from MLM
We've all been in Network Marketing whole life but not paid for it.
Movies, resteurents, etc.
In businese for yourself but not by yourself: win - win,
Write your own ticket--Pect time for a couple hundred $/mo or financial indep.
Other benefite: rewards from helping people; chance to dream, social;
personal growth; security of own bueiness + nestegg vs. social insecurity +
unetable economy.
Compare MLM to retail where middlemen get profite va consumes who la
also the one creating the merket; also personalized service.
COMPENSATION (PLAN)
1)
Balanced and generous:
beat evec seen (incentives each atap of the way as
well as high customer profits.
N.V.B.P.
(National Volume) Bonus Fool (2% of Crose Income):
Company ahares a percentage of grose caceipte with lower as
well as upper level leadare.
3) Cese of business--no inventory, bookkaeping, cunning around with product,
print out contesta.
TRAINING
Company planning full ayetem of trainere et different levels,
Fostering true netwocking (because of open meetings + training)
Training alone worth getting involved because much of it appldcable
to many areas of life.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2414, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PRODUCT PORTION OF SEMINAR
I ENTHUSIASTICALLY GREET AUDIENCE "How are you all doing?
A. Now we're going to learn how and why products work such miracles.
B. We'll also learn how we can have an exclusive on a natural cellular concentrate.
II CERNITIN IS NATURE'S MOST PERFECT FOOD
It feeds the bodies' cells to provide a perfect natural balance of nutrients
and helps create high-level-wellness as nothing else can.
III HIGH LEVEL WELLNESS -- THE PHILOSOPHY OF CERNITIN
A. Wellness scale:
sicker
weller
1. Far right = High-Level-Wellness, no end, cells replace selves
2. Far left = Sick, ends at dead to the left - avoid this area
3. Midway between these is Absence of Symptoms - most people hope to be here
Stress pulls you to the left, whether physical, mental, or emotional
Sickness to absence-of-symptoms to sickness = a vicious cycle
This is the Medical Profession cycle
Cernitin = a new approach to help build High-Level-Wellness
Nutrition builds the health of the cells, thus of the body
4.
Six steps to High-Level-Wellness (the product helps): A positive attitude,
exercise, relaxation, nutritious foods, supplements, knowledge
IV HISTORY OF PRODUCT'S DISCOVERY AND DEVELOPMENT
A. 30 B.C. = 30 years before Cernitin - Gosta Carlsson King of Pollen
1. Heart of pollen grain - Most basic item of man's food chain, essential to life
These vital nutrients have been locked up, unavailable to animal kingdom
due to undigestible husk. Pollen millions of years old has husk intact.
Draw picture of pollen - DNA, RNA, Amino Acids, Vitamins, Minerals,
Enzymes, + 3% unknown. Stress impostance of 3% -- sea H20 example
100 species of fungai/bacteria & glucocides are indigenous to outer husk
A. Dr. Isitsin Study - Russian Centenarians in 1945 - Gusta interested that 50%
were beekeepers, yet they composed less than .01% population
1. They all ate unmarketable "Black Honey", 90% pure pollen
2. Gosta was a beekeeper. He knew Nurser Bee got pollen contents.
a)
Nurser feeds pollen contents to baby workers - only 3 days, or becomes
Queen.
No genetic difference, only nutritional one - yet Queen
is 2 X larger, flies higher - has 36 X life expectancy. That's extension!
b}
Nurser bee only extracts 2/3 rds of pollen content
Remaining 1/3 rd is leached out by honey in bottom of hive
Russian beekeepers ate this pollen extract - became Centenarians
c) Gosta dedicated his life to unlock pollens' mysteries + nutrients

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2370, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
C. G. Carlsson invented Pollen Harvester - multiple patents own and
control every method to collect directly in large quantities
1. Collect pure pollen on S. Coast Sweden
Organic fields, pollution free, no herbicides, pesticides or fertilizers
2. Control known flower species, known percentages each species
Pure + standardized raw material for concentrate
AB Cernelle of Sweden developed patents and technology
Dissolve germinal openings, extract contents, filter off husk + impurities
Developed Micro Biological Fermentation process - natural organic low temp-
erature process so enzyme action is not affected.
Eliminates any possibility of allergic response
Breaks long chain complex molecules into basic building blocks
of life into absorable form, so it can get into cells
2. Formulation process stabilizes enzyme, nutrient activity for years
Also protected with patents + know how + equipment of AB Cernelle
All of these factors give us a total exclusive on what could be the Health Discovery
of the century.
V PRODUCTS:. Each one covers different spects of High-Level-Wellness
Cernilton - Most concentrated pollen nutrient source
1. 2 million pollen grains compose one tablet
2. Operates biochemically to feed the cells super nutrition
B. Pollitabs Sport - Great for Pro's, great for everyone!
1. Beneity, fasteneraction sleep, strength, calm energy, alertness, mental
2. Operates Bicelectrically + biochemically
Ointment - Highly concentrated pollen + honey (150 million pollen grains per tube
1. Speeds healing rate, good for skin cells. Antibacterial fungal + viral
properties. Increases elastin + collagen production of cells.
2. Dissolve in herbal tea, gargle, brush teeth + guns, topical, or eat raw
Nutrition Bars - Several million pollen grains of concentrate in @ bar
A meal in itself! A delicious, nutritions - new standard of nutrition.
1/3 MDR's vitamins + minerals, no sugar, fructose, corn syrup, or chocolate.
No preservatives. Lots of nuts, honey and pollen (only 180 calories)
Bahamian Diet - Huge industry $20 billion. Super concentrated nutrition source.
"Superfood"
", it's a lo calorie - hi nutrition food = weight loss.
Exclusive with Cernitin. Dick Gregory was offered $300 million for his product.
Over 50 different plant, herb + seed sources + sea vegetation concentrates
+ extracts. Delicious, satisfies hunger, is safe, and it works!

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2708, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Daily Supreme - Establish new standard in industry
ALLEN SEA LIFE BLEND = 1/4th of tablet; 9 species loaded with enzymes,
vitamins + all trace minerals + some bioactive factors not present in
pollen to work together. Chelated minerals + vitamins to stabilize, aid
absorption, execretion,
2. 1 + 1 = 3 Supreme + Cernilton is greater than sum of the parts.
Symbiotic with pollen - complement each other. Can use less Cernilton and
get more benefit for same $. Main value of Cernilton + pollen concentrate
is not from vitamins but hundreds other factors. Need tremendous number
pollen tabs to supply MDR's in vitamins. MDR's not much value -- amount
absorbed and used is KEY.
3. Large Market to plug into! Aids body re: stress, toxias, pollutants, diets.
Anti-oxidants are present. Eight out of 10 women are deficient in calciu./
G.
Ventrux Acido - State-of-the-art bicculture
Most important of all if can use only one product - handles prinary cause of
degenerative disease.
1. Deals with main cause of degenerative disease which is toxicity coming from
the large intestine or colon.
Degenerative disease decreases life expectancy 6-8 years
Cancer, if totally eliminated, would only increase mass like expe, 2yrs
Toxicity stemming from colon due to anerobic putrefactive bacteria
thriving in colon creates huge amcunts of poisons or toxins.
They clasp onto the colon wall.
Natural control of these putrefactive bacteria was provided by Lactic Acid
producing friendly bacteria. The lactic acid when in sufficient quantities
causes the clasping "bad' bacteria to release so they can be flushed out.
Due to antibiotics in most dairy + meat products for last 30 years, the
friendly bacteria are constantly killed off so bad bacteria flourish
slowly poisoning our bodies and shortening our life.
a) Ventrux Acido creates large amounts of Lactic Acid life and is resistant
to antibiotics, reproduces quickly.
b)
Perfect MM Creature. Doubles every 13-19 minutes. Recruit one
and be a millionnaire by morning,
VI COMPENSATION PLAN
Perspective, growth industry, millionnaires thru Network Marketing -
Advantages of own business, part-time, made easy print out, order direct -
1.
Customer Profits - cash in pocket, 43% mark up above wholesale, constantly
increasing, little drop off, customers bringing customers, exclusive product
with benefits everyone wants, conversion to distributor
2. Builder's Bonus - immediate + permanent bonus on downline
If $50 --- 4% - 3 levels deep 5 A's - 25 B's - 125 C's = 155 distributors = $
If $200 --- 4% - 5 levels deep, incentive to build customer base
Manager's Bonus - Paid on Manager Groups in Downline
5% -= 5 Generations deep. Managers group, of Mgrs group, of Mrs group etc.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 860, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Manager's Bonus - In addition to Builder's 4% get 5% = 9%
Therefore can get 9% 5 levels deep, 5% below that on rest of organization
Leadership Bonus - Paid on Manager Groups in Downlire
5% -- 5 Generations deep. Managers group, of mngrs group, of mngrs group etc.
National Volume Bonus Pool =- 2% Gross sales shared
How to become MANAGER and then 2 month qualifier or 1 month.
CLOSE: Your own business, like a franchise
O.P.E. (other people's efforts)
O.P.M. (other people's money)
Downline = O.P.E.
Skone Gripen = O.P.M. $40 million
Meetings each Tu + Thurs
2 keys to accumulating wea.th
(both work for us here)
Trainings, Networking, Computer Printouts, Sales Aids, Great
Products, Tax Advantages, Financial Security
Now I'd like you to turn to the person who invited you here
this evening and find out how you can get started in this
exciting new business.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HOME OR OFFICE PRESENTATIONS
(Tastings, Classes, or Parties)
Step-by-step Method
I WHY DO HOME PRESENTATIONS?
'Take the plan to the people," the ultinate consumer and your future customer base.
The real secret to long-term success in Cernitin is to build a broad base of customer!
whom you and your distributors are serving with products, support, and services.
3. It's a known fact that immediate up-front cash profits motivate the new consultant.
4. A large majority of successful sponsoring will occur as a natural evolution fron
committed customers enjoying the excellent results our products offer.
This method moves tremendous volume by reaching deeply into the marketplace, thus
facilitating becoming and maintaining Manager.
6. Distributors you sponsor will have your model to follow, leading to tremendous con-
pensation for you, even from the Tri-level alone. Duplication of your Success =
BIG BONUSES.
7. You never need worry about running out of people, because this method creates a
constant (almost self-perpetuating) referral.
II WHERE DO YOU DO IT?
1. At your home or other people's hones where you invite people for a taste-testing,
wellness and/or diet class, etc.
2. At your office, or other people's offices.
3. At beauty salons or a small dress shop where potential customers are invited.
4. Recreation room of a large apartment building, or condominium development etc..
III WHO IS THIS FOR? EVERYONE!
You are offering a complete program for wellness: our products can re-create natural
balance throughout the body.
2. We offer a total weight managenent program that works for the overweight, underweight,
and anorexic etc.
3. Convenience for very young and very old, bachelors and working mothers, backpacking,
food storage programs,
average person has dozens if not hundreds of people they are in contact with,
aside from iriends, neighbors, relatives, etc. Write them down immediately on your
100 VIP list as soon as they cone to mind.
And always remember the immense value
of lead-referrals at the hone presentations.
Between 5-10 people at a presentation is the proper size for personal servicing and
an intimate atmosphere.
Five is ideal; over 10 you lose control.
IV WHAT TO SAY TO SET UP AND SCHEDULE THE PRESENTATIONS
Introduction on the phone is just chit chat, building some mutual affinity. Use
the person's name frequently.
brand new business.
OR a more indirect approach: "I'm going shop-
ping for saaller size clothes this week because of the weight I've lost with the
new Bahamian diet...Have you heard of this new diet?...You know, you ought to let
me do a home presentation for you.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 3257, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
Then snare your personal story:
ạỊiArd Barbara, I want to tell you that I personally
have lost
Ibs on the Dick Gregory diet and I'm feeling fantastic, OR my
lather, roonate etc. has...." QR
ẠI feel so energetic, I'm sleeping less, my nails
are growing etc. and I'm feeling fantastici
"Barbara, all I want you to do is to sponsor a presentation for me and all you need
is to get together five of your neighbors, friends, or anyone you know who needs to
lose some weight, or to be on a convenient wellness program, etc. Just have them
come to your hone, Barbara, and I'll do the rest. Don't bring anything; don't
plen anything. Just get them there."
You will set it up with Barbara a week ahead of time, and in effect 'hire" the host
or hostess to work for you for a week by the following method:iWhat I'm going to
do Barbara is to come over to your home in the next day to two and bring you a pre-
paration packet, and product samples so you will know what this program is all about.'
Educate them.
The preparation pack could contain the following brochures: product information
brochure, diet brochure, compensation plan brochure, Olympic brochure, sanomin
data sheet, and the most commonly-asked questions.
You should leave 5 extra diet brochures or productinformation brochures, 5 busines
cards, and 5 retail price sheets adn receipts (so they can share chem with any-
one who can't come or doesn't show up).
c) When you go over to drop off the preparation pack, blend the drink for them to
show how easy and delicious it is. Also leave them a nutrition bar.
The week before the presentation they will be calling their friends in order to
help you, Most people find it easier to help a friend than themselves, so thei
really get into it and are much more insistent. After the class, they have seer
the excitement and the orders and they will want to do the same thing you're doing
After the presentation (it appropriate) you will want to ask something like the
following:
ạYou cught to get involved in this progran with me. We'll be partners.
You'd be fabulous!i (Make them watn you. Being a distributor is a privilege.
You only want to work with those that want to?.
NOTE: Another great source for hone presentations is an inactive distributor
or better yet, a satisfied customer:
ạiHello Janice, this is
• Ceritin distributor. Janice, I wanted to give you a call and let you know how
much I appreciate you as a customer.
In facat, since you're so satisfied with
the Cernitin products, perhaps now would be a perfect time for scheduling a
group presentation, It would give your family, friends, and neighbors a chance
to get acquainted with cur fine products too.
Would Monday or Wednesday evening
be best for you?ại (Always give a choice of two in any similar situation).
V SET UP
1.
you dress in high style, though not ostentatious, even it everyone else is in jeans.
At least you should be in business attire.
2. Your display should be simple but very attractive and clean. The visual image is
important.
Bring
a) Plain tablecloth (so won't clash with your products).
b) Small plastic cups if possible, or small paper cups (3 oz. size)
A blender so you won't have to bother your host, but it is a great selling point
that you don't really need one.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2605, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VI
d)
Portable cassette recorder for the Cernitin song at the beginning and end
(as well as the behavior mod during your presentation)
e) Orange or apple juice preblended with banana etc. (refrigerate on arrival)
£)
Exercise tape
4. Host/hostess coaching
a) Call 1-2 hours beforehand and remind them about their incentive gift which you
told them about in the initial conversation (one Bahamian, a box of bars, or
any of the pollen products are all valid choices)
b) Reassure them if there are last-minute cancellations.
Tell them you'll be able
to give more individual attention. (You've told them from the beginning anyway
to ask twice as many as you expect to have)
c) Arrive at least half an hour early so that the host/hostess is not nervous and
so you have time to set up. Also find out from them a little bit about each
person who is coming. It will assist you in greeting them and in bookings later.
5. Greeting the guests
a) Have Cernitin music playing softly in the background
Greet each one at the door with a name tag and a little packet la product infor-
mation brochure, business card, (customer record card). Have them sign in at
the registration table.
Make each guest and the host feel special. Give honest positive compliments.
Listen, and chat about their interests.
NOID: Enthusiasm is contagious, as is the lack of it. Be enthusiastic before
and throughout the presentation. Look and act like you're the most successful
distributor in the company. Everyone wants to do businesa with a successtul
person. Radiate your enthusiasm, warmth, and positive attitude.
You are
creating desire with energy. And people buy you first. And SMILE!
Your glass or presentation
1.
The Basics
a)
45 minutes, (an hour at most), for the formal part
The timing is critical with respect to momentum. Make certain it doesn't drag
or become boring. Move right along fast.
Keep things simple:
it works, it's safe, it's credible, delicious; fun,
inexpensive, you'll feel great.
d) It's not 'hard selling but creating desire. Don't get technical, emphasize
the benefits (the sizzle not the steak). People buy on emocion.
e) Be sensitive to your group, listening with both eyes and ears. There's often
a negative person and a positive one in a group.
It will help for you to
identify them and put your attention on the positive person.
2.
Introduction
a) Welcome them
b) Have each person introduce themselves and tell what their goal is. You might
even take notes on who said what.
c)
Give your ID/testimonial of your success and/or that of your fanily or people
you know, ie. what the program has meant to you.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2743, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
d)
Promise them 3 things
ạTonight you're going to hear about something you probably haven't heard
about perore, a program for hi-level wellness.
How many of you here know
what hi-level wellness is? (It's more than the absence of disease but
optimal energy and well-being, radiant good healch, balanced lifestyle...)
I'm going to present a dynamic new health and diet program that had its
source partly in Sweden and partly here.
We're going to have fun and you'll be glad you came (positive reinforcement
and creating that attitude up front).
NOTE: This is a professional presentation or class on health and diet, not
a party perse. When they leave, they'll be happy they came because they'll
know they learned something they didn't have or know before.
e)
Ask for 3 favors
1) Pay close attention because health is our most valuable asset and I know
you want to learn.
Feel free to take notes, but hold questions 'til the end, please (if someone
who is negative tries to ask questions, smile and reiterate that you'll
speak to them personally at the end, if you haven't answered their question
during the presentation).
30
Relax and have fun
Meat of the class
Use the Cernitin story brochure to tell the history of the company as well as
Gusta Carlson's history and commitment to health.
You can read the philosophy
of Dr. Allen in new hand-outs (People First + Hi Level Wellness)
Problems of obesity (can be defined as someone 20% over their ideal weight for
their height and bone structure)
1)
USA's #l nutritional and health problem.'
Getting worse because of high-calorie, low nutrition foods, and an increas-
ingly sedentary society.
Being overweight is a personal handicap - mental, emotional, social, busines
as well as physical.
Miles of blood vessels needed for each extra lb of fat, causing excessive
strain on the heart
Health hazard - walks hand in hand with chronic disease and early death.
Insurance statistics tell us obese people are more likely to die early fron
cancer, daibetes, strokes, heart attacks, high bicod pressure, and have
digestive or kidney diseases, etc.
People in this society are sick and have low energy because of inadequate or
unbalanced nutrition.
Your health is similar to a bank account: If you continue
to make withdrawals, and no deposits, you end up with O balance or NSF.
Describe Dick Gregory's program for weight reduction and management
(NOTE: Describe the products briefly and be sure to pick each one up with loving
warmth as you talk about the item)
a) Our drink is your nutritional insurance policy
1J
"This is my foundation for health. I drink this (1-3) times per day and it
gives me everything my body needs. You know the reason we overeat is
because our body is lacking total nutrition.'

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 2886, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2) This product represents a delicious "people chow" which has everything in
it we need for optimum nutrition.
You can safely live on this food concen-
trate with nothing else.
It is the same concept or scientific formulation
as the "chows" they've developed for dogs, cats, birds, fish, etc.
b) Describe the drink preparation, then ask, "isn't that incredible? Just 30
seconds to prepare a meal! How many of us in this room, by the tine we skin
the chicken and prepare the broccolli have eaten 10 cookies." People relate
to this and will laugh.
Pull out the little gold program information brochure, "Let's look at this to-
gether.
These are the products we're going to talk about. There are 3 phases
co the program. We don't just give you one way to diet,
We'll be catering the program to each one of you and we'll want you to read
through this. (Don't go into details during the presentation because it's
boring and you lose momentum)
₫)
We're going to start by tasting the drink and nutrition bar. Ask your host
to blend the drink (You've shown them how to do this when you brought your
preparation pack to them, how much ice etc.)
5.
Commitment
Pass out product line broken down and a sales receipt to each person.
a)
"Isn't it time that you did something about your health now? The choice is
yours to enjoy a longer healthy vigorous life, or potentially be cut shorc in
your prime by lack of energy and well-being, illness, or worse
b)
Sell then the concept of commitment, ie they should have a program, not a few
of this or that.
c/ Show them the bonus pak or the most expensive of your two packages first.
unless you can packs or at least the larger one only.
"This is what you need
t afford it. This package (the 2nd one) is the bare minimum.
Which one do you choose?ẠỊ
Thank the host
Say out loud,
"John, could you please come up here...I would like to thank you John
for hosting this seminar tonight because you made it possible for me to meet people
that I never would have met and to share this incredible program with them.
that I'm going to give you, because you have chosen this gift, a box of energy bars.'
Hand it to them with a ribbon on it.
VII PRODUCT PURCHASE AND BOOKINGS
1. Bookings
a)
"For those of you who are interested in doing the same thing that John has done
tonight, I'm passing around a sign-up sheet, and please circle the gift you
would like to receive. Don't put a date on this sheet, I will contaat you,
because if you want something 2 months from now or 2 weeks from now, that's
just fine with meỊồạ
b) Don't do anything to create pressure, because ultimately you get 20-30 referrals
from one demo. It works.
c) Book one month ahead for yourself, setting specific times of the week if possible
d) After the formal part is over, you'll mingle, getting to know them better,
looking for potential distributors or gregarious types.
2. Product purchase

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2215, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
a) If any are hesitant, reemphasize the benefits them using the information you
know about them from the hostess.
Use a calorie wheel etc. to give each an
individual program or to help with a reorder.
b) You could throw cut in the demo that ycu're looking for people in this area
and if anyone is at all interested or could recommend someone who is, watch
what I do tonight and later I'll be happy to talk with you about the many
advantages of being a Cernitin distributor.
VITI FOLLOW-UP
Counseling
Call each customer 3 days later from the sign-up sheet and find out how they're
doing.
Reunite them to a support session if you have one.
Let them know you care
about them. Call them at least once a week. Follow-through is crucial,
2.
Recruiting (a number of options)
If someone is interested in becoming a distributor at the deno, tell them
you ll talk to them later, The purpose is servicing and obtaining customers
initially, not distributors.
You could throw out in the demo that you're looking for people in this area
and if anyone is at.all interested or could recommend someone who is, watch
what I do tonight and later I'll be happy to talk with you about the many
advantages of being a Cernitin distributor.
Now or later; to the interested potential distributor, suggest that you meet,
or invite them to an opportunity meeting, Then call the person who had the
demo and give them a chance to sign up first.
Then you will have 2 distrib-
utors who have a practical idea how MIM works.
IX REMEMBER
1. Not every idea suggested above need be used nor every phrase or 'script. These
are simply ways that have worked successtully tor others. You can create anc
experiment if something else is more comfortable for you. But try it all first
and see. This method has produced fabulous results.
2. Practice makes perfect. Don't worry about anything. Have a good tine. And it
it's your lst time or first few times and you're nervous, tell the group. They'll
understand and be very much with you.
3. Sidest dreams. twilleathe rept of writing your on paycheed your
wildest dreans.
4. Home demos can pay fast profits and will build a very strong foundation for a
huge distributorship which will move lots of product.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3252, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A YOUNG DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
Skäne-Gripen is a young development
company whichhas itsorgins in korsum
AB. a world-renowned shipbuilding com-
pany in Malma.
During 1479 Korkun AB assigned all
branches of operations, excluding the real
estate company Pastighets AB Sjoormen.
to the state for a sum of SEK 20 million.
This pool of cupital was the foundation
for Skine-Gripen AB.
OUR PHILOSOPHY
Our strategy is based on long-term goals. It is our ambition
to own. administer and develop our own group companies
and to provide these companies with the resources thev need
to be succesaful. Unlike many companies, we are not afruid
to purchase projects at the very birth of the project idea.
One such example is Probus Development AB. a venture
which gave us access to an interesting new electric switch
with great market potential.
We have manv large-scale development obiectives.
including many high-technology fields of application with
obvious potential for growth.
We are also willing to make our resources. in the form of
marketing know-how or capital, available to trading com-
panies.
THEGRIPEN GROUP
organization does not suffer from bureaucratic red cape. At
the same time, Skåne-Gripen can make central resources
available in the form of financial aid. a large network of
influential contacts. and depth of knowledge. All this com-
bined opens up many prospects for joint ventures
OUR BUSINESS SECTORS
Our commercial sectors of operation are technology: trade.
development, and investments in companies.
PROFESSIONAL AND
COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS
Where necessary, we provide the business savvy for our
investment companies. Our participation is geared pri-
marily to technology, but also ineludes ventures in commer-
cially-oriented companies.
OPENING UP THE EXPORT MARKETS AS WELL
At present time, Skåne-Gripen has a workforce over 1.400.
of which more than 800 are stationed abroad. Nearly half of
our sales are in markets outside Sweden. We feel it is
essential to put more emphasis on exports, thereby making
Swedish products known outside the country and expan
ding our level of internationalization. These efforts will be
aided by the Swiss Company, Bylock Invest 5A. which is a
major stockholder in the Gripen Group.
OUR BUSINESS ETHICS
Our ethical repuation is in very high standing. Our com-
panies, adeas and proyerts are given free rea to develop
independently and our responsible staff is given great free-
dom to chart the course of'action. We feel that it is only
right. from the point of view of business eties, to pursue a
consisten policy. For that reason, we clarify our position
and intentions at the time agreements are reached, and we
adhere to the policy we have outlined.
NO BUREAUCRATIC DECISIONS
Decentralization is a guiding principle behind the opera-
tons of Skäne-Gripen. We take no steps without approval
from the baard of directors of the companies involved. We
place great faith in our flexibility. our ability to make quick
and proper decisions and our keen awareness of the market.
In most rases. the individual companies possess suffi-
cient espertise to be self-governing. Our companies grow by
their own efforts and by providing their skillful staff with
the necessary motivation and stimulation. As a resuit, our

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2804, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THEGR
PEN GROUPA
HOW OUR CAPITAL WORKS
The goal of Skane-Cripen is to reach we high a level of
liquidin as posible, they eating freedom el action
and preparedness for every commugency.
During a period of rapid growth. luch activity and con-
-iderable consolidatios, our visible capital has mutiplied
more than tenfold. This provides us with great opportunities
for further ventures in modern technology - to meet tomor-
row's demands - and further reinforces our cash fow in
commercial operations.
Our business strategy is to concentrate on the commer-
cial sectors in which we are now engaged. Expansion will
first and foremost take plare within these seriors. We inist
that the companies we acquire have similar characteristics -
a high degree of profitability. skillful management. finan-
cial soundness, a leading position on the market. and pro-
durts and servires of high qualicy.
We have abe considered the possibilities of non-cash
nades on company argu
. luwever. will
only be made available when they benefit our share holders.
both as regards dividend per share and adjusted equity per
-hare.
Million SEK
No. employees
EARNINGS BEFORE ALLOCATIONS
982
7983
TOTAL WORKFORCE
1 330
ADMINISTERING AND OWNING
The well-being of our staff is one of our foremost considera-
withat saying that we strive to provide them
with costan sulation in their work. In this we believe
we have surereded, We also encourage staff participation in
our risk capital. Roughly 90 pere
I of our bwedish staff for
example, has a share in the company and believes in us. We
have also engaged our emplovees in risk capital formation
by issuing convertible bonds worth SEK 20 million.
WE WELCOME CHALLENGES OF THE FUTURE
We have now put the finishing touches to our own first
development project. This relates to the integrated compu-
ter-controlled supply sestem for ground service favilities for
airerait. This project. the Cambi-System is toge
er with the
newle-formed American Sales company Cernitin America
Inc. which has the marketing rights for Swiss pharmaceuti-
cal company Cernitin S.A. and Probus Development AB are
our contributions to the half-owned Gripen Development AB
Open Development AB entered 198+ with SEK 72
million in capital - almost four times the total on our
'restart during the summer of 1979, That's what we call
development. We welcone the challenges of the future - the
Cripen Grap is prepared.
TURNOVER
1979
1980
1981
1982
EARNINGS PER SHARE
1983
SEK
0,91
0,78
Million SEK
196,8
1980
1983
*Issue liquidities assumed to be paid up and Cubic S A con-
salicated as of January 1, 1983.
After actual taxes
OUR OWNERS
4käne-Gripen AB i a listed company with approxanaten
15.000 shareholders. Prices for Skane-Gripen share rose
rpidly - more than 500 perrent - during 1983.
1979
1980
1931
1982
1983

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 3116, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEVELOPMENT
• CERNITINI
CERNITIN AMERICA INCORPORATED
Cernitin America, Ine, which markets products manufae-
cured by the 4 B4 cruelle Company of Sweden iour Ame-
trau sales compuny. Ne also possess the exclusive sales
riphts in Canada, Australia, und New Zealand.
Cernitin Skin Ointment hastens the healing of irritated
and injured skin. And Ventrux-Acido helps the body utili:
its nutrients and counteracts stomach complaints caused
changes in diet when travelling abroad.
• SCIENTIFIC PANEL
Cernitin America has formed a qualified scientifie panel
which includes both American and Swedish experts. who
guarantee that the products fulfill their promise. The pan
includes: Professor James B Carter. M D. DPH. Tulane L
versity, Olov Lindahl, M D, Linkoping, Roger G Mazien
M D, PC, FACN, Kari Otto Alv, MID. Tallmogarden.
Dwight H Smith, M D, Ward Dean, MD, Maesimund B
Panos, M D. and Joseph Allain. MD.
NETWORK MARKETING
The Managing Director is Dr David Allen. In order to pro
mote both the message and the product as effectively as
possible. De Allen has built his organization on network
'Network marketing a highly-regarded form of distrib
tion in the USA. is based on a network of distributors who
operate their own businesses independently.
This form of marketing is both cost-effective, since it
reduces the number of middlemen. and is sales-effective.
since it gives the seller many possibilities for yield, includ
retail sales, commissions and overrides.
Network marketing is a unique means of transporting
product from manufacturer to consumer that's overlooke
in most countries worldwide. In the USA. it represents a
seven billion dollar industry.
Cernitin America, Inc, recently built a headquarters far its aperations
in Yellow Springs, Ohio.
CERNITIN'S PRODUCTS
Cernitin America's product line includes the pollen-based
formula discovered by Gasta Carlsson in the 1950's.
Another 30 vears of research has now been added to his
pioneering work. In that time. pollen has become scienti-
firally established as a revitalizing health product.
Cernitin - the designation for an extract of pure pollen -
is obtained by a patented process that includes microbiolo-
pical digestion. This process
removes injurious and inac-
tive substunces from the raw
material. thereby eliminating
any risk of side effects. The
Ceritin extract contains
active substances of raw pol-
len in a concentrated form.
which guarantees a stable
effert.
These extracts contain fin
amounts similar to their
'currence in nature at least
21 different amino acids.
peptides. enzymes, co-enzy-
mes. all known vitamins with
the exreption of B12. and the
following trare minerals: Ca.
These are pieces of Cernitin's product line,
Fe. Si. Mp. Zn. Mn. S. K. P.
Band Co.
Cernitin's product line also includes Pollitabs sport. an
energy-boosting food supplement for athletes and active
people.
Cerniton is an additional energy-boosting nutrient for
dieters and people over age +0.
Managing Director: Dr David Allen
CERNITIN AMERICA, INC
Tel No 0091-513-767-72
129 Dayton Street
Teles: 3775206
Yellow Springs, OH +5587
USA
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1929, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• DEVELOPMENTI
WW GRIPEN DEVELOPMENTY
REGRIPEN DEVELOPMENFAB
Gripen Devebipment AB was formed in late 198. The
company s crumereal operatos are based on the philoso-
ply of developing nes business areas withoat partinpating
in the physical manufacturing phase.
STRENGTH IN MARKETING EXPERTISE
Our pruary strength in the commercialization of different
development projects is providing expertise in marketinu
and distribution. The company also functions as a catalyst
for ideas which have development potential. We can also
provide our experience for project assessment and projert
preparation. as well as provide risk capital in attractive
development projects.
Gripen Development AB is willing to participate in diffe-
rent development projects outside Sweden. as well.
CAPITAL 72 MILLION AS A FIRM BASE
The company started with a capital base of
22 millioneroans, of which the Banen Funds
and IEA had put up30 million in share
capital. Skane-Gripen AB supplied the rest
of the capital, party in the form of the com-
panies Cernin America, Incorporared. and
Combi-System AB.
TURNOVER MKR
Million SEK
8,0
0,5 *
1981
1982
1983
1984
* The figures involved incluce the turnover in Comb-bystem anc
Probus Development. Cernilin America Inc. is not includec
** This figure is o farecast. The possibility of reoching the forecast
figure depends greatly an the performance of Cernitin America Inc
OWNERSHIP BREAKDOWNE
50%
25%
25%
Skane-Gripen AB
Banco Funds
IKEA
The Managing Director of the company is Bengt-Arne Dafner
Gripen Development AB
Kabingatan 13
S-21239 MALMO
Tel Noint +46-40-18 00 40
Telex: 32323 Brosmic S
Skane-Gripen's share in
Probus Development AB
has also been assigned to
ne company.
According to the compan
structure. Skäne-Gripen is
ensured royalties of 30 per-
cent of the earnings of Gripen
Development before allocations and
taxes: for period 1984 in 1988. not in
exceed 15 million crowns.
Gripen Development AB

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3209, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dear
Thank you for your letter and intacest in what we have found to be the
greatest opportunity of our lives. Cernitin America, only ten months
old, has alreacy provided us with rewards in health, wealth, and personal
fulfillment beyond cur greatest exgectations, and enacing this opportun-
ity with others like you is one of the richest of those rewards.
Cernitin America provides a truly unique situation, for it offers the
excitement, adventure and potential of a new company and at the same time,
the stability, capitalization and proven track record of a highly-success-
ful, long-established company. Although Carnitin products are new to the
United States, they have been used for more then thicty years in fifty
countries throughout the world. Increased sales over each of those thirty
years attests to the remarkable results millions have axperienced toward
achiaving high-level wellness.
This cellular concentrate, which rejuve-
mates the body on a cellular level, offers such benefits as increasec
energy, stamina, endurance and mental clarity, while building the body's
natural resistance.
And, although it is a complately natural product,
safe for averyone, from infants to the elderly, it is protectec by multiple
atanta, giving us a total exclusive on what scientists have callac
'nature's most perfect food and "the health discovery of the cantury".
In alignment with its holistic approach, ouc company has sat aside a sub-
stential portion of its $40,000,000 in liquid assets for research and de-
velopment of other unique and exclusive products in the fields of nutrition,
fitness and beauty. One such product, which has just become available, is
already creating a revolution in the weight lose industry, and has been
deemed, after extensive scientific research, to be the safest and most
effective weight-loss product on the market.
Cernitin America has one strong and single purpose - to haip promote the
highest lovels of wellness amongst the people of the United States. It was
founded by Of, David Allen, Doctor of Nutrition, who observed the amazing
results gained by professional and Olympic athletes treining on Carnitin
and wanted to make them aveilable to all. The company philosophy of people
first, product second, and profit following as a natural result, has pro-
duced a company growth cate of 20% each month.
To have found in one company the best nutritional supplements, the highest
level of integrity, and the most belanced and generous marketing plan we
have ever witnessed, amazes us eech and every day. Needless to say, we
never tire of talking about it.
Ours 1s a personal business, from the corporate level down, and we'd be
happy to talk with you personally to find out whers your interests lie,
be they in the products, the business, or both, to answer any questions
you may have and to serve you in the best way possible.
If you would like, feel free to drop us a card with your phone numoer,
and we'll call and talk with you as long as you wish. Or, if you prefer,
we welcome you to call us at 213-450-3993.
In the meantime, thenk you agein for your response and interest in what
we sincerely beliave to be the products and the company of the decade.
Sincerely,

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 77, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
MY FIRST FORTY

PROJECT:

-Fele} efoto feted etele

PRONE

NAMIE

|
|

_
ra

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 789, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUPER-DUD PROGRAM
Or
"Persistence Pays"
BASIC CERNITIN ASSUMPTIONS:
A Recruit 1 Distributor each 6 months
B Everyone in your organization does the same
C Everyone in your organization buys only $50/month
It's as simple as A, B, CI
DUPLICATION IS THE KEY!!!
IL
Year #1
Year #2
Year #3
Year #4
Year #5
Year #6
Year #7
#1
3
9
27
81
243
729
2187
9
27
81
243
729
3
27
81
243
3
9
27
81
3
Below your Builder's
Bonus
='s 5%
5% = 9,112.50/mo.
27
9
3
All of the rest
are within your
Builder's Bonus ='s 9%
9% = $5,683.50
AT END OF ABOVE 7 YEAR RETIREMENT PROGRAM
YOU WILL BE EARNING $14,796.00 PER MONTH
Total # Distributors
added that year
12
39
120
Becomes Manager
Reaches
363
2 * Manager
1,092 4 * Manager
3,279 5 * Manager
4,908
After 7 years
Ẻlmost 5,000
Distributors
14,796.50
BONUS PER MONTH

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 1340, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
R
**************
N
I
*******
T
N
********
R O
.......
D
u
T
R
L
T
CASE
INDIVIDUAL
PRODUCT
DESCRIP
# IN!
CASE I
DISTRIRETAIL
COST I
COST
I CODE!
TAX
ON
RET,
6.5%
¡DISTR !!DISTRIRETAILITAX ¡ TO T A L S
COST
COST: COST | ON ¡WITH 6.5% TAX:
WITH
¡RET.I (ON RETAIL)
TAX
16. 5%:DISTRIRETAIL
POLLITABS: 6
SPORT 100|1001
66-90
95.70
6.22
73.12
. 15:
15.95|1.04:12.19: 16.99
POLLITABS: 4
SPORT 250|1002!
95.00:135.80
8.8zł
103.83!
123.75: 33.9512.21125.96: 36.16
CERNILTON: &
| 83.70|119.70
10011005:
| 7.78
91.48::13.95| 19.9511.30:15.25: 21.25
CERNILTON:
4
25011006
117.60|168.00
10.92
128.52
29.40
42.00
.73:32.15
44.73
VENTRUX
ACIDO
7512001
71.10|101-70
6.61
77.7
. 95
10
1.951
18.05
VENTRUX
4
1100.00
1143-20
ACIDO 20012002
9.31
109
25
. 00
35
• 80
27.331
38.13
CERNITIN
OINTMENT
10
3001
48.50
69.50
4.52
53-02
4.85
8.95
• 45
5.30
7.40
D GREGORY
SLIM-SAFE
BAHAMIAN
DIET
84.001119.70
7.78:
91.78
4.00
19,95ł
1,30
15-30:
21.2šłŚ
4001|
DAILY
SUPREME
180 MULTI:
VIT/MINRL: 5001|
B4.001119.70
7.78: 91.78:
14.00:
19.95
• 30
1.30:
21.2šșšîŚ
CERNI-BARI
1 BAR-> 18001
72.001104.40
72.00
12.00|
1.001
17.40:
1.45:
12.001
1.00:
17-40
1.45
VARIETY
PAK
19001|
83.60:119.60
7.77:
91.37
83.60
• 60 :
.77191.371127.37
* = NON-TAXABLE ITEM
# = 2 EACH/VARIETY PAK
~ = 6 BOXES/CASE; 12 BARS/BOX
Note:
Contents reflect September
26.
1984 Cernitin America
update.

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 1822, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SALES
AID PRICE LIST
*****************************************
(CAN BE USED AS AN ORDER FORM AT SEMINARS)
All sales
aids are sold by the package only, with the exceptions
indicated below. There is a 10% handling charge on sales aids. The total
price per item or package is in the right-hand column.
Totals are rounded
to the nearest nickel.
DESCRIPTION
STARTER KIT ......
DISTRIBUTOR APPLICATIONS
PRODUCT ORDER FORMS ....
SALES AID ORDER FORMS
RETAIL SALES PAD ..
BV TRANSFER FORMS
CERNITIN STORY BROCHURE
PRODUCT INFO BROCHURE ..
COMPENSATION PLAN BROCH
POLLITABS SPORT BROCH ..
COUNTER DISPLAY BROCH .. 100 ..
DIET INFO BROCH ....*.=*
FOLLITABS/OLYMPIC BROCH
25 ..
"INTRO TO NETWORK MAR-
KETINGồỊ CASSETTE TAPE *
BAHAMIAN DIET BMFR STKR
CERNITIN AMERICA
COUNTER DISPLAY .
ITEMS
PER PACK
PRICE
TAX
10%
HNDLG
1 .. 35.00
25 ..
2.50 ..
** 2.28 .. 3.50 ..
.16 ..
.25 ..
25 ..
2.00 ..
- 13 ..
.20 ..
25 ..
2.00 ..
.13 ..
.20 ..
...
1.50 .. .10 ...15..
20 ..
1.50 ..
- 10
.15
25 .•
5.00 ..
• 33
• 50
25 ..
5.50
• 38
. 55
• 25 ..
TOTAL DUANT AMOUNT
7.95
3.95 ..
40.80 X --
2.90 % --
2.35 X _-
2.35 X --
1.75 X --
1.75 X
5.85 x
6.45 X --
6.45 X
4.00 x
9.25 X --
2.90 X
4.45 X
.07 .. .11 ..
2,35 x
1.30 X
4.95.. .32...50
5.75 X __
SUBTOTAL "A" =$_
The following items are available individually only,
and the price shown includes tax and handling.
"POLLEN POWER FROM THE FLOWER" BUMPER STICKER
CERNITIN AMERICA DECAL
CERNITIN AMERICA PATCH
TRAINING MANUAL FOLDER
NOTE PAD ......*.....
CERNITIN AMERICA MUG
DIET BUTTON ..
T-SHIRTS (HAND SILK-SCREENED ONTO CERNITIN AMERICA
T-SHIRT)
SMALL
MEDIUM
LARGE
EXTRA LARGE
-50 X --
1.75 X --
1.00 X __
=
2.00 x
1.00 X --
5.95 X
1.00 X
14.75 X
14,75 X
14.75 X
14.75 X
SUBTOTAL =$_
SUBTOTAL "A" FROM ABOVE =$
GRAND TOTAL =$
ORDERED BY:
DATE:
SPONSOR'S NAME
TELEPHONE # .
PAID BY CASH OR CHECK

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1816, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IMPORTANT 11!
CERNITIN
INSTRUCTIONS FOR BU TRANSFERS
AMERICA INC.
TRANSACTED AT MEETINGS
1) *** means this item must be filledin.
2) You must whte down your telephone
number and your sponsor's name in the box
Eptem eft
BV
Transfer Form
PRICE LIST
INSTRUCTIONS
HOME OFFICE COPY
FOR PERSONAL BVT FORWARD
Current Month
From Bonus Month
To Bonus Month
THIS BOX ONLY APPLIES TO ORDERS PLACEO WITH COMPANY!!!
BY Transferred From
LEAVE PLANK
LEAVE BLANK
)BVT 22623
BV Transfer Amount
must be 550 or greater
S
IV franster Amoun
.......
IV. Transferred To
YOUR SOCIAL BECURITY #
YOUR NAME
Signature of Transteror
LEAVE BLANK
** You MUST SION HERE*
- Bottom of form is a worksheet for distributor usa.
Product Descripton nor
has Cada
Cemi- Bar
Dich Gregory's Bahamian Diet
EX AMP
Care
can
8001
4001
Here Coda
3
Each
72.00
14.00
Total
100
42 00
Each
104.40
19 - 95
Total
208
80
85
Each
72.00
14.00
POLLITAES SPORTS
100'g (6/cnSE)
1001
bach
66-90
Each
95.70
Total
Total
144
100
42
Totai
Each
66.90
POLLITABS SPORTS
250 ' a CH/CASE)
CERN IL TON
100's (6/CASE)
CERNILTON 250'g (4/CASE)
VENTRUX ACIDO 100's (G/CASE)
1002
1005
95.00
83.70
135,80
119.7ą
95.00
83.70
1006
117,60
168.00
117.6șîę
2001
71.10
101.70šŚ
71,10
VENTRUX ACID. 250's (4/CASE)
2002
100,00
143,20
100,0șîŘ
CERNITIN DINTMENT (10/CASE)
3001.
48.50
69.50
48.50
VARIETY PAK IEA-PS10D, CER 100,
VA 100, OINT 2
CERNI-BAR C12 BARS/BOx,
9001
8001
₴3.60
72.00
119.60ł
83.60
NO TAX ON BARS
72.00
DICK GREGORY DIET (L/CASE)
4001
84.00
|119.7ů
84.00
DAILY SUPREME (VITAMIN/MINERAL)
(4 CASE)
5001
84,00
-119.50
94,00
Subicia
Write Total BV Transferred amount in box A above Total SV Transferred
YOU MUST WRITE YOUR TELEPHONE compiled on Taxie Rotai
55*→
NUMBER AND. YOUR SPONSOR'S Mole Tax and Herding
NAME HERE
are not Transferred
Total Amount Owed
to Transferor
+ 5.00
...

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 6800, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
COLLECTION SCHEDULE OiỊ
(WHERE APPLICABLE)
TO TAX
TAX
TO
TAX
TO
TAX
TO
TAX
10-00
10.00 -
765
20.07• 1.30 30 07. 1 95
40.07- 2:60
20- 01
10.23-
60
35+ .02
10.58-
67
20.23• 1.31 30 23- 1.96
40 28: 261
20.38• 1 32
30:38- 1 97
40.36- 2.62
51- 0îšŚ
10.53-
67- 04
10.69-
68
20.53- 1.33
30:53- 1 96
40.53- 2.63
69
20.69. 1.34
30.69- 1.99
40 69. 2 64
83- 05
10.84-
70
20.84: 1 35ł
30.84- 2.00
40.84- 2:65
99. 06
10.99-
171
20 99. 1 36
30.99- 2.01
40.99- 2:6ęął
1.15- 07
|11.15€
.72
21.15- 137
31.15- 2.0zł
41.15- 2 6šÍŘ
1.30- 08
11.30-
. 73
1.46- .09
11-40-
.74
21.30. 1.38
31.30- 2.03
41.30- 2.68
21.46- 1.3ął
31.46-2.04
41.46- 2.69
1.61- :10
11.61-
75
1.61- 1.40
1.78-
51.61- 2.0șš
41:61 - 2:70
11 | 11.70-
76
21.78- 1 41
31.78- 2 06ł
1.92- .12
11.92ął
27
41.78- 2:7łł
21.92- 1.42
31.92: 2.07
41.92- 2.72
2.07 - 13
12.07- 78
22.07 - 1 41
32.07- 2 0îîŘ
42:07 - 2.70
2.23- 14
12 23-łą
79
22.23- 1 44
32.23 - 2.0șîŘ
12.23 - 2.74
2.38
12.30-
2.53. 16
12 53Řšę
80
22 38- 1 45
32.38 2 10
42 18- 27ššŚ
2.69-
17
12.69-
31
22.53 - 1 46 32.53- 2.11 42.53 - 2 76
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
22 69- 1 47
32 69. 2 12 | +2.69- 2 77
2.84-
18: 12 84łł
83
22.84: 1 4îŘŚ
32 84- 2 13
42.84- 2
2.99.
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
19
12 99-
84
22 99 1 4ąłł
32 99. 2.14
42 99: 2
85
23 15- 1 50
43.15-
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
3.15-
-20
13 15-
33 15: 2 15
80
3.30-
21
13.30
23 30 1 51
| 33 30 2 16
43.30- 2
3 46- 22
13 46-
23 46 1 52
33 46- 2 1zł
43.46- 2
3.61 - 23
13 61-
23 67: 1 53
33:67- 2.1ęł
43.6%-
3.78.
24
13 78-
3.92.
25
89
23.78- 1 5ł
33.78-
2.19
43.78-
13 92-
90
23 92- 1 55Í
33:92: 2 20
43.92-
85
4 07-
25
14.07-
91
24.07- 1 56
34.07: 2.21
44.07- 2
86
4 25
27
14 23-
92
24 23-1 57
34 23 - 2.22
44.23 - 2.87
4.38+
28
14.38-
93
24 38- 1 5₴šŘ
34:38- 2.23
44,38-2
88
4 53-
29
14 53-
94
24:53 - 1 5șšŘ
34.53-
4.69-
2.24
44.53-
89
30 i
14.69-
4 84-
95
24 69 1 60
34.69- 2.2ął
+4 69-2
31
14 84-
96
24.84. 161
34 84 2 2ąłą
44 84-2
+ 99-
91
32
14 99-
97
24 99- 1 6źîšŘ
| 34 99- 2 27
44.99- 2
S 15:
5.30-
33
15 15-
98
25 15 1 6łł
35 15- 2 28
45 15•
34
15 30-
99
25 30 1 64
35 30 2 2ęł
45.30.
5 46- 35 | 15 46- 1 00
25 46 165
35 +6: 2 30
+5:46: 2
567-
15 61- 1 01
25:61: 1 6ššŘ
35 61: 2 31
45.61- 2.
5.76: 37
15.75- 1.02
25 76 1 67
35.76-2.32
45.76: 2
5 92-
38
15 92- 1 03
25 92: 1 6ВîÍš
35.92-2.33
45.92- 2.
6 07-
39
16.07- 1.04
26.07 - 1 6șš
36 07- 2 34
46.07-
6.23-
6 38-
÷0
16:21 - 1.05
25 23- 1 70
36.23- 2.3șšŘ
+0.25: 3.
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
41
16:38-1 06
25.38-1.71
36.38- 2.36
46.38-3.01
6 55-42
16 53- 1 07
25.53- 1 72
36.53 - 2.37
46.53-3
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
6.69-
+3
16.59-1.08
26.59- 1.73
36.59- 2 38
46.59- 3.03
6 84- 44
16 84: 1 09
25 84- 1 7ąą
36.84-2.39
46.84 - 3.04
6.99- ·5
To 99-1 10îšś
26.99- 1.75
36.99-2:40Řš
46.99- 3.05
7 15-46
17 15: 1 1łą
27.15- 1 76ł
7 30 47
37.15- 2.4łł
47 15-3.06
17 30-
27.30- 1.77
37 30- 2:4zł
47 30-3.07
7 61-
48
17 46:1
27 46-1 7₴Ś
37 46 2 43ł
47.46: 3.08
17 61- 1.14
27.61 - 1.2ął
37.61- 2.44
47 61 - 3.0șšŚ
7.76-
50
17 76-1 15
27.76-1.80
37 76- 2.45
47.76- 3 10ł
7.92- 51
17 92-1 16łł
27.92-1.81ł
37.92• 2 46
47.92- 3.11
8 07- 52
18.07- 1.17
28 07- 1 8zź
38.07- 2.4zł
48. 07- 3.12
8.23-
53
18:23 - 1 18
28.23- 1.83
38.23- 2.48
48.23-3.13
8.38-
54
18.38- 1 19
28.38-1.84
38.38- 2.49
48.38- 3.14
8,55-55
18.63 - 1 20łł
28.63 - 1.85
38.63 - 2.5ął
48 63-3 15
8.69.
56
18.69- 1 2łł
28.69- 1.86
38.69- 2.51
8.84.
57
48.69-3.7šŚ
18 84 - 1.22
28.84-1.87ął
38.54- 2.52
48.84- 3.1zîŘ
8.99
58
18:99-1.23
28.99- 1.8ššŚ
38.99- 2.53
48.99- 3.18ł
915-59
19.15-1.24
29.15-1.89
39.15-2.54
49.15-3 19
9 30-
60
19:30: 1 25
29.30- 1.90
39.30- 2.55
49 10-3 20
9.46- 61
19 45-1.26
29.46-1.91
39.46- 2.56
49.46: 3 2îš
961: 62
19.61 - 1.27
29.61 - 1.92Íš
39.61- 2.5îšŚ
49.61-3.22
9 76-
63
19.75-1.28
29.76- 1.93
39.76-2.58
49.76-3.23
9.92-
64
19 92- 1.29
29.92-1.94
39.92-2.59
49.92-3.24
AICO FORM NO. 70-401-45
FRINTED IN USA
TO
TAX
TO
TAX
TO
TAX
TO
TAX
50 07- 3 25
60 07- 3 90
70 07 - 4 55
80.07- 5 20
50 23- 3 26
60.23 - 3.91
70.23 - 4.56
80 23- 5 2îŚ
50.38- 3 27
60.38 - 3 92
70 58- 4 57
80.38- 5.22
50 53 3 28
60 53-3 93
70.53 - 4 58
80.53- 5.23
50 69- 3.29
60 69- 3 94
70.69- 4.59
80.69- 5.24
50 84- 3 30
80.84: 3.95
70.54 -
4 60
80.84 5 25
50.99- 3 31
60.99. 1.96
70 99- ÷ 61
80.99- 5.25
51.15: 3 32
61 15-3 97
71.15- 4.62
81.15- 5.27
51.30- 3 33
61.30- 3.98
71.30- 4 63
81.30- 5.28
51.46-3.34
61:46-3:9ůîŚ
71.46- 4 64
81.46- 5.29
51.61- J 3șšŚŘ
61.61- + 00
1:61-4 55
81.61- 5.30
51.78- 3 36
61.78- 4 01
71.78- 4 56
81.78- 5 31
51 92- 3 37
61.92- + 02
71.92 - 4.6šŘ
81.92- 5.32ł
52.07- 3 38
62.07- + 03
72.07 - 4.68
82.07- 5.33
52.23- - 1.39
62.23 - 4 0șłŘ
72.23: 4.69
82.23- 5.34
52.38- 3 40
62.38- +.05ł
72.36- 9 70
02.38- 5.35ł
52.53- 3 41
52.69- 3.42
52. 84
3 43
52
99-
3 44
99
****
09
72
....
ARR
74
53
.30-
53 46
53
61-
53.78
.45
3.47
3 48
83232
....
CARRE
82
28992
39
97997
TO
TAX
50 07-
5 85
90 29- 3 86
90 38-
90.53-
5 87
5 88
90.69.
5 89
90.84- 5 9îźŚ
90.99.
591
91.15-592
91.30- 5.93
91.46- 5.9ął
91.61-5.95ł
91.78- 5.96
91.92- 5.97
92.07- 5.96
92.23 - 5.99
92.38 - 6.00
92
002
+9
85002
AAAAA
฿602đ
P2229
*****
00000
141..
76080
AAAAA
RANAZ
...
55.15
55.30
ARA
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
AAAAA
86221
56.23-
5₺
, 38-
5₺
• 53-
56.59-13
2829
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
36.99 3 70
57.15-3.71
57.30-3.72
57.46-3 73ł
57.61-3.7¾ź
57.76- 3.75
57.92-3.76
58.07- 3 77
58.23- 3 78
58.38- 3.79
58/63-3 80
58.69- 3 8ł
58.84-3.82ł
58 99- 3 83
59.15-3.84ź
59-30-3.85
59.46-3 86
59.61-3 87
59.76-3.88
59.92- 3 89ł
75
89
**=*
85
30-
RONO
60099
00000
coco
6000889888
04579
...
90
91
aaa
1.31
12
33
76
76
76
....
98
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
66.99- 425
76.99. 5.00
67.15-4 36
77.15- 5 01
67 30-4:37
77.30-5.02
67.46-4.38
77.46- 5.03
67.61-4.39
77.61 - 5 0șîŚ
67.76-4.40
27.76-5 09
67,92- + 41
77.92-5.06
68.07 - 4 42
78.07 - 5 07
68.23-4.43
178.23- 5.08
68.38- 4 44
78 38- 5 09
68.63 - 445šŚ
78.63 - 5.10
68.69- 4 4ął
78.69- 5 1îîŘ
68.84- 4 4łą
78.84- 5 1¿ą
68.99-4 48
78 99- 5 13
69.15-449
79 15-5.14
69.30-4.50
79.30- 5 15ł
69.46-4 5ł
79.46-5.16
69.61-4.52
79.61-5.17
69.76-4.53
79.76-5.18
69.92- 4 54
79.92-5.19
****
2088
96
95941
9888
60
523
86.84- 5 64ł
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
O28 CALIFORNIA SALES TAX 6
00000
5AAR2
86.89-5.65
96.89: 6.30
87.15- 5.66
97 15-6 31
87.30- 5.6šîšŘ
97.30- 6 3zîŘ
87.46- 5 6ął
97 46- 6.33
87.61- 5 69ł
97.61- 6.34
87.76- 5.20
97.76- 6.35
87 92- 5.71
97.92- b.36
88.07- 5.72
98.07 - 6.37
88.23-5.73
96.23- 6.38
88.38- 5.7ął
95.38 - 6.39
98.63 - 6.40
฿8.63- 5.75šŚ
98.69-6.41
88.69-5.76ę
95.84-6.42
88.84- 5.77ł
98.99-6.43
88.99- 5.78ł
99.15- 6.4ął
฿9. 15-5.79
99.30 - 6.45
09.30-5.80ł
99 46-6.46
89.46-5.81
99.61 - 6.47
89.61-5.02
99.76- 6.4ęšŘ
89 76-5.83
99.92- 6.49
89.92- 5.84 100.07- 6.50

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1093, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cernelli
POLLITABS SPORT
STANDARDIZED CONCENTRATE
OF PURE
FLOWER
POLI
100 TABLETS
I firmly believe
Pollitabs Sport
is the
ultimate food supplement
in sports nutrition...
... Bela Karolyi
ЛУК
Bela Karolyi and wife, Martha, Fermer coaches of
Rumanian Wond Champion Team and several
Olympic and World Champions, The Karolyis
trained the brilliant Olympic Champion, Nadia
Comaneci, from six years of age until her victory,
Athletes Praise Pollitabs Sport...
Pollitabs Sport, the unique Swedish sup-
plement for athletes and active people, is
one of the world's most effective training
aids. Athletes throughout the world-in
Europe, the U.S.S.R., Japan and now
America attest to it.
What makes Pollitabs Sport special?
Athletes cite its ability to boost energy
rapidly, speed recovery time, in-
crease anaerobic capacity and in-
crease strength without side effects!
Pollitabs Sport is used by athletes and
active people in over 50 countries. This
all-natural product is one of the health
treasures of the world. It is available now
for the first time in the United States
through Cernitin America

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2538, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN FLOWER
POLLEN EXTRACT
(This is not bee pollen)
Cernello
POLLITABS SPOR
HANDARDIZED CONCENTH
OF PURE
FLOWER ( POLL
100 TABLETS
We become aware of America's need for Cernitin when we con-
sider three basic facts:
FACT 1 - A landmark report found that in over halt of all
American households studied, in all income brackets, diets railed
to meet the recommended allowances for one or more essential
nutrients for all members of the family.
FACT 2 - Pollen is the richest source yet discovered of essential
nutrients.
FACT 3 - Cernitin Flower Pollen is scientitically proven to be the
finest pollen sold anywhere in the world.
Most Americans are shamefully lacking in essential nutri-
ents. Many of us nave subolinical deficiencies that border
malnutrition.
Authorities cite a number of reasons--improper selection of
toods, poor eating habits, special diets, processed foocs, im-
proper cooking and others.
Vitamin and mineral deficiencies can also come about from
stress, smoking, alcohol, dieting, coffee, medication, birth control
pills, inherent deficiencies, etc.
Every family's diet has room for improvement. So why settle for.
anything less than the best for filling in nutritional gaps?
Cernitin Flower Pollen is the single most important and sate food
supplement you can give your family, naving virtually all the
essential vitamins, minerals and other biofactors vital to optimum
health.
Not Bee Pollen
Thirty years of use has proven Cernitin's value for millions of
people in 53 countries. Developed by the inventor of the crigina
bee pollen trap, Cernitin makes bee pollen virtually opsolete by
comparison. No other company has the exclusive, patented
processes for narvesting, extracting, or otherwise preparing such
a pure, potent, and scientifically proven pollen with NO
allergy reactions.
Most people who try Cernitinwill soonfeel more vitality, alert-
ness, etc. Others notice that they are staying up later, waking
up earlier, and feeling more rested. And the fact that so many
world class athletes and Olympic medalists have trained on Cer-
nitin products attests to the competitive edge " it provides.
We believe that several Cernitin tablets each day provide an
essential part of the best natural health insurance policy
you could have.
Too otten we take our health for granted and fail to invest in it
until it begins to fail us. But by giving your body all that it needs
for optimum vitality -Cernitin Flower Pollen Extract- then
your body will reward you with more energy, mental clarty and
life extension.

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2632, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pollen in its raw form can
cause alergic reactions unless
properly trealed. The hard outer
case of pollen grains can collect
contaminants,
To eliminate these problems,
Cernitin Flower Pollen un-
dergoes a patented scientific
process that is 100% natura.
COMPLETION
Carnitin is the Swedish name
for a pure and naturel active
substance derived from lower
polen.
This substance is a powertul
concentrate of pure pollen thel
contains all the essential
nutrients needed for good
neath.
In the organic soil and
pol ution-free air of southern
Sweden, hundreds of acres of
select flowers are grown under
strict supervision
mese felos
managed by AB Cernele, are
the source of Cernitin Fiower
Polen.
Thousands of tons of flower
pollen are collected each year
Dy the special equipment inven-
ted and patented by AB Cer-
ne le. No chemicals or sprays
are ever used. This pollen is
rushed to the Company's near-
by manutacturing compiex for
production.
THE HUSK
All pollen grains are encased in
a husk that is more or less im-
penetrable. The husk enables
the pollen to remain intact even
after thousands of years without
being destroyec.
RAW POLLEN
This husk protects the
valuable nutrients found in
pollen. Bees, because of
their special enzymes, are
able to penetrate the husk
and remove the contents.
This husk is where con-
taminants can colect.
HILAS
(GERMINAL
OPENINGS)
Dur patented extraction process
solves the problem. Bach grain
of pollen has small milas (ger-
Tinal openings) that are inten-
ded for sorouts. These holes are
covered with membranes which
can be dissolved through a
patented low-heat process. The
Valuable contents can be extrac-
ted, potent and powerful. This
extract of pure pollen is Cer-
mitin.
MICRO-
BIOLOGICAL
FERMENTATION
AB Cernelle has developed a
method of breaking down
molecules so they contain
fewer atoms. The result is
that they no longer provoke
allergies, but the valuable
contents remain. Because of
this process, Cernitin pollen
can be quickly absorbed by
the human body for quick
and effective results. Our
method is based on the
microbiologica process of
fermentation, and the
resulting pollen extract is
called Cernitin. There are
two types of Cernitin: GBX
for fat soluble and T60 for
water soluble. All of the
Cernitin is active.
POLLENT
T→ CERNITIN
LARGE
MOLECULES
Although pollen is very
useful, it can be unpleasant
for many people unless it is
treated. Untreated pollen
contains large molecules
that consist of large num-
pers of atoms. Pollen is said
to have a highỊỊmolecular
weight," for this reason
COLLECTION
Cernitin is used in all pollan
products distriauted by Cernitin
America. -

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 577, "chars": 4090, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A BRIEF HISTORY OF FLOWER
POLLEN EXTRACT
Archeological explorations have turned up identifiable parts of
polen that are more than 100 million years old. Scientists al-
trioute this phenomenal preservation to the nearly impermeable
sheath that encases each grain of flower pollen, the male sex cell
of the plant kingdom.
The sheath protects the heart of the polien grain, which contains
all the sustances necessary for life: proteins, 21 of the 23 known
amino acids, fals, carbohydrates, growth hormones, enzymes, co-
enzymes and ANA- and ONA-building factors, among other
components.
While pollen has been used as a nutrition supplement throughout
the ages, it is the tough sheath of each grain that has long kept
scientists and everyday users from realizing its true potential. Itis
this same sheath that causes allergic reactions among many
people, as the sheath itself stores pollen's allergens and other
contaminants.
Despite the long history of flower pollen use, it was not until the
1950's that arge scale harvesting of the substance and a
process for separating the husk from the heart of the pollen grain
were Invented. In 1952, Swedish railway clerk and amateur bee-
keeper Gosta Carisson invented nis pollen narvesting machine
ano, later, discovered ano developed the separation process.
Carisson refined nis machinery and went on to burlo, with co-
founder Ake Asplund, the A. B. Cernelle Company in Engleholm,
Cernelle, the world's only producer of pure flower pollen extract
products, is now a muti-million-collar-a-year business and
Carisson is known as the "Pollen King of Sweden. The Swedish
brand name for the extract is Cernitin.
Cernitin products, which are best known for giving quick energy,
are used by leading Olympic athletes to boost pertormance and
speed recovery time.
Cernitin contains: minerals (potassium, phosphorous, sulphur,
calcium, sodium, magnesium and trace elements), carbohydrates
(mono-, di- and polysaccharides), fatty acios, precursors of
prostaglandins, lipoproteins, low-molecular-weight polypeptides,
amino acids, nucleic acids, enzymes, vitamins (A. B group, C and
E), growth stimalatars (phytohormones), glycosides, and other
active compounds.
Doctors in 16 countres recommend Cernitin products as
nutrition supplements. Cernitin is backed by more than 30 years
of research and is completely pure, safe and standardized.
The widespread acceptance and use of Cernitin - which extends
through much of Europe, Scandinavia, the U.S.S.R. and the Far
East - led a well-known U.S. nutritionist, Dr. David Allen, to in-
vestigate the substance and the products. In the spring of 1983,
convinced of Cernitin's value, Dr. Allen formed Cernitin America,
Inc. The Ohio-based network marketing company is the exclusive
U.S. distributor of Cernitin pure flower pollen products.
Allen, 37, established the network marketing company here
earlier this year to import and distribute the world's only pure
flower pollen nutrition suplements. Cernitin America, Inc.
backed by $40 million, distributes a line of products from the
Swedish firm of A. B. Cernelle - the world's only producer of
pure flower pollen procucts.
Or. David Allen, well-known U. S.
nuthoonist, discovered the value of
Carnitis, and formed Caritin America
i the spring of 1983. Or. Allen nas
written extensively on dietary sup-
premiants and has lectured on nutritrion
over the U. 5. He is currently writing a
book on the history and banetts of
nower potten.
The personal nutritionist to many nigh-ranking political figures,
entertainers and Olympic athletes, Allen has written extensively
on dietary supplements and has lectured on nutrition throughout
the country. He is currently writing a book on the history and
benefits of flower pollen.
Carneite, the word's only producer of pure Nower
polien extract prooucts, is a multi-milion-dolar-a-
year business, seling Carnion products all over the
world. Doorars in 16 counires recommand Cernitin
products as nuirition suplements.
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
BELA KAROLYI, GYMNASTIC COACH
OPPORTUNITY BROKERS
Box 575 • Troy. Oaio 45373
513849-6874

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 856, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Distributor
Advertising Kit
Do you need to advertise?
' Network Marketing is personal marketing. You rely
on continuing contacts and personal selling to build
your downline and increase your BV. You work with
friends and neighbors. And nothing is more helpful,
perhaps, to your growth and future than word-of-
mouth advertising.
But regular advertising can also be a valuable sup-
plement to your personal selling. It functions as an
additional way to win new customers for your prod-
ucts, helps enlist additional distributors for your net-
work and increases the visibility and awareness of the
Cernitin America brand name plus the full line, as well
as additional products within that line.
Advertising is actually an investment in the success
of your business, so it can play a significant return in
additional sales and profits.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 766, "chars": 4770, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
How much should
you spend?
One answer is as much of your gross income as you
think you can afford. You may want to establish a
percentage of that income for this purpose, and then
use that as a benchmark to increase of decrease ad-
vertising expenditures as future results justify.
Most retail businesses spend anywhere from 3%
to 8% of their gross sales, depending at any time on
seasonal activity, intoductory sales, special promo-
tions and other considerations. To be successful.
nowever, advertising must be done on a consistent
and substantial basis. You should have a plan or pro-
gram and stick to it. One shot effors or sporadic ad-
vertising will not produce the return you want. But
be sure you have adequate reserves for your basic
business needs, including slack periods, before you
invest in advertising.
Which media should
you use?
The most logical media for you, as a network market-
ing distributor, are the print media-newspapers and
local magazines, and broadcast media - radio and
•television plus direct response or direct mail adver-
tising. Rates or costs for media vary, are based on the
number of people reached and will be most expen-
sive in large cities or metropolitan areas.
Media representatives will be glad to work with
you and offer any technical or planning help
you may need. Let's Icok at each medium individually
in terms of what it can accomplish and how to use it
Newspaper. Newspaper ads are sold on the basis
of size - total column inches.
Column inch widths will vary from newspaper to
newspaper, but an industry effort is underway to
standardize with a 6-column width page. Your dis-
play ads will probably be placed at local general
rates and your classified ads at the regular classified
rates -based on number of lines of copy. Frequency
of advertising and total volume run within a given
period can help reduce your display rates.
The display ads provided in this kit are printed on
reproduction paper stock and can be given directly to
the newspaper- along with your distributor name.
address, phone number, meeting dates and photo
where needed. These ads include retail product em-
phasis on Pollitabs Sport and the fuil line plus trade
ads that feature the network marketing opportunity.
self-achievement, financial independence and other
goals and the potental in the product line. These ads
can be increased or decreased in size to fit special
column widths. Classified ad copy can be recyped
from this it and given to the paper.
In your market. you may have a choice of daily
newspapers (morning and evening editions are usu-
ally avallable at one reduced combination rate -and
Sunday editions generally reach a larger audience
, weekly newspapers. and snopping news (gener-
ally printed in a smaller "tabloid* page sizel.
For positioning your ads, request that they be
placed on an upper right hand page position near
the front of the section. Business or general news
pages would work for your needs. Stay out of the
weekly grocery day issue -too much advertising
competition.
• Magazines and Other Publications. Most
local "City magazines have an effective reach of in-
fluential businessmen and other leaders and reach a
select audience. Other possibilities are local club,
organization, trade or union publications... news-
letters that offer advertising space. and programs
for athletic or entertainment events.
Radlo. Radio makes a valuable supplement to
newspaper advertising in fully reaching your pros-
pects and customers, Stations are usually defined by
the type of music program they feature frock, easy lls-
tening, country western, etc.), which, in turn, deter-
mines the make-up or demographics lage, educa-
tion, income, etc.] of their audlence... and by their
location or area served by their signal.
The most successful stations, those with the
hignest ratings, can charge the most for time.
Spots-in 60-second, 30-second or 10-second
lengths-are purchased by time of day or time slots
in which they run and this also affects rates. Drive
time- morning and evening-is higher in rate cost.
Moming and evening news programs offer select
positioning. Mid-day or housewife time is an effec-
tive buy for your message.
Your station representative can give you the rates
that apply to each time segment. Begin your radio
advertising with the station or stations that directly
reach your immediate market area-then expand
your campaign to stations covering areas further out.
as your budget permits.
The effectiveness of radio advertising is deter-
mined in the form of GRP's or Gross Rating Points
and these, in turn, are based on the station's current
audience (in numbers). A 100 GRP rating means that
everyone in that market wiil near your commercial
at least once. An excellent campaign is one that

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 3950, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
achieves at least 300 GRP'S. Your station rep can work
out the GRP's of your schedule for you.
Tapes and scripts for 60-second and 30-second
Cernitin America radio commercials are provided in
this kit. They include a 5 to 10 second pause, at the
close, for the local announcer to add your name,
address, phone number and any other personalized
information needed. Be sure to give this input to
your rep when you hand him the tapes. These com-
mercials include marketing appeais that work for you
as a distributor.., and product 'sell",
Television. Television time is bought and sold,
much like radio, on the basis of audience reached,
time slots, programs and GRP'S. Usually TV is more
expensive than radio, but extremely effective. No TV
commercials are included in this kit, but one may be
made available to you at a future date.
Direct Mail. The success of direct mail is based on
the quality of the mailing list, how up-to-date it is.
and the creativity and interest of the mailing piece it-
self. Cernitin America product folders, network man-
keting literature, Iccal newspaper ads and/or proofs
of Cernitin America national ads can be mailed out
with a covering letter. A sample letter is included in
this kit. You can also write your own, but try to keep
them interesting, but brief. Some form of response
mechanism, such as a business reply card, is heipful.
You can also feature offers, deals or promotions in the
letter to get interest and action.
ERNITIN
WERICA INT
Steve
1925 wood Avenue
Central City, Chio 45457
Dear Mr. Jenkins:
What does opportunicy knocking sound
saunate sounds
Yet toad sure
sou supplement!
FICELre
say sovere financial the
Independence
& based
on how many people you shar
WIch.
theri
succeed by helping r-
financial
In percent sting
America
che soun
lease sali
opportunity
Sincerely
Many cities have door-to-door neighbornood de-
livery services avallable at very competitive costs
compared to the handling charges and postage rates
of conventional direct mail. Direc: mail is expensive,
out it can be used very selectively: If you can build a
good mailing list, put it to work and then track the
response. A two-percent return is considered very
good. Specific mailing lists of professional people.
business executives and other occupations or income
types can be purchased from various sources, includ-
ing publications and direct mail houses.
Share advertising costs
with other distributors!
One way to reduce the cost of advertising -and to
make the most economical use of newspaper space
and radio time - is for several distributors to get
together, pool their funds and share the costs. Parti-
cipating distributor names, addresses and phone
numbers can then be announcer-read at the close of
radio commercials-in the 5 to 10 seconds ailowed
for local identification. You can also do the same
thing in newspapers with distributor listings at the
bottom of ads. If you need more space, buy an extra
column inch or two at the bottom of the ad so that
all the information can be inciuded.
Classified Ad Copy
When you give these ads to the newspaper, be sure
to include phone numper, address, meeting time and
location, where needed.
Boost Your Energy and Your Income!
Join us in selling a line of natural food supplements
that can make you&feel like a million" and also earn
you a growing income. Join Cernitin America in
Network Marketing with proven products made from
pure flower poilen. Great compensation program.
Complete plans and assistance. Tremendous poten-
tal. Call me now at 000-0000.
How to Get Ahead Fast!
Where will you be in 5 years? We can snow you a
way to financial freedom. The product? Cernitin
America Food Supplements formulated with flower
pollen and used in 50 different countries. Heavy.
weight boxing champ Muhammad Ali trained on
one high energy Pollitabs Sport. Now you can
Network Market this outstanding line through friends
and neighbors. Call us today at 000-0000 for details.

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 682, "chars": 4464, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Power Is Yours!
Pollen Power from the Flower is the hot new trend in
food supplements- pollen pure, safe and direct from
the flowers in Sweden. Make this power work for
you. It's the key ingredient in the Cernitin America
line of health and nutrition producs. Find out how
you can become a top-earning Cernitin America in-
dependent distributor. Call 000-0000.
How to Avold An Energy Shortage!
Feeling down and out? Try Pollitabs Sport-the high
energy food suppiement used by professional
athletes in training. Give your life a financial lift too.
Dy becoming an independent Cernitin America dis-
tributor. Find out how to get ahead with our com-
plete line of fast-selling food supplements through
Network Marketing. Call today at 000-0000.
This Call Could Change Your Outlook!
Come to a special meeting on (Date). Learn about
the world-famous line of Cernitin America high
energy food supplements. Discover the advantages
of becoming an independent Cernitin America
distributor-with special plans, programs, bonuses
and other incentives. Make that call now- 000-0000
for meeting location and other information.
Do You Want More Out of Life?
Would you like new friends? A feeling of satisfac-
tion? A new sense of purpose and achievement?
You'll find the answer with Cernitin America natural
food supplements. Call to discover now you can join
our Network Marketing program as an independent
Cernitin America distributor, Get the facts on our
philosophy of "people first-then product.* Lock inta
our outstanding incentive plan. Call 000-0000 now.
Dawn of a New Food Supplement!
To America from the flowers of Sweden comes a rev-
olutionary new food supplement-backed by over
30 years of research-Cernitin Flower Pollen. It's
used in more than 50 countries. Professional athietes
train with some of these products. Now you can dis-
tribute the full line for Cernitin America. Call today for
all the facts: 000-0000.
The Perfect Food Is Here!
An amazing new food supplement, Cernitin Flower
Pollen, is now being distributed coast-to-coast by en-
terprising businessmen and businesswomen like you.
Cernitin flower pollen is the Swedish secret of good
health and vitality. Cernitin pollen booss energy
safely and effectively: If you would like to be a Cerni-
on America distributor, phone now at 000-0000.
How to Make Extra Dollars
from Nutrition!
The concerns for good heaith and nuttion are
sweeping the country. America wants new ways to
feel better, to live more naturally. Cernitin America
food supplement products meet that need. Made
from nutrient-rich, pure flower pollen, this product •
line is used by nealth-conscious families in over 50
countries. Get on the nutrition bandwagon with
Cernitin America, Call 000-0000.
Write Your Own Ticket to Success!
Lock into Cernitin America-a revolutionary Network
Marketing company. We put people first, product
second and profit follows as a natural result, You can
distribute Cernitin America food supplement
producs-made from pure flower pollen -no one
else can match. If you've got the will to go after fi-
nancial independence and security, we ve got the
way: Call us now at 000-0000 for more information.
Don't Miss This Meeting!
Come and get the exciting, profitable story on Cerni-
tin America food supplements. Listen to all the ad-
Vantages of being a Cernitin America distributor. Look
at the plans, programs and incentives that could
change your life. Discover what Poilen Power from
the Flower is all about. Meet us at (Date, Time and
Location). Call 000-0000.
A Special Opportunity
You can get a head start on getting ahead when you
team up with Cernitin Amenca. Our food supple-
ments are formulated with pure flower poilen for
health, energy and a new zest for life. Call us for in-
formation on our Network Marketing program. Be
your own bass. Phone now: 000-0000.
You Need Pollitabs Sport ...
the Cernitin America product that leading Olympic
and professional athletes use. It increases energy.
strength and stamina. Completely safe for your family
The energy source is pure flower pollen -the single.
most complete food in nature today. Call today:
000-0000.
Get More Out of Life with
Poilitabs Sport!
Pollen Power from the Flower That's the high energy
secret of this internationally-approved natural food
and energy supplement It also increases strength,
expands anaerobic capacity and speeds recovery
time. Keeps you feeling great. Order now: (Name.
Address, Phone Number), A Cernion Amenca

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 702, "chars": 4724, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What about Public
Relations efforts?
Take full advantage of PR whenever you have the
opportunity. It's free and a real help in building
awareness and visibility for your business. What you
provide in a press release must nave news value,
nowever, such as a new distributor announcement,
new products, or interesting stories or angles on cur
rent products. If the release is too commercial or
self-serving, it won't be used. Quotations from peo-
ple, experts or personalities often help spark a re-
lease. And it is easier to get PR in smaller newspapers
and publications of a local nature that deal withạẠlo-
caliẠạinews.
In your release, if you want identifiable "follow-
up*-include a line that says. "For further informa-
tion, contact.. and include your name and phone
number. Some sample releases are included in this
kit, covering such areas as new distributor appoint-
ments, promotions, seminar attendance and product.
Maintaining good relationships with your local
media people can be a big help in getting public
relations time and space. When available, glossy
• photos of people or products should accompany the
written release.
STEN INC
de further infomation.
CH DISTHIDUTER APPOINTC!
OR CERNICIN PRODUCES
FOR IMMERFATE MALRAGE
Central City, California: The Gecrge Baked Company
has seen appointed de an independent distributed doc she
natural Cood euppiemente of Cornitin America
marica La a Netvark Marketing company vith a product
line that festures flover pollen as a basic inge
Cechitin products nave been nanufaccured in Swe
for more than 30 years and are widely used and accepted
in pace than 50 countries, Profemaional achletes also
use Carainan products in training+
The George Saker Compasy La Located at 416 Delancey
Strees, The cosplate lane of Carnitin tood supplanents
may be purchased there, and curtaec infocnation can be
obtainad by ethece vishing to becone distrib
A key Corniein produce La Pollicace apart
patented natural food chat boosta energy, inc:
strength, expande anserobic capacity and spe
cecovecy
time: The pure flover pollen in Pollitabe Sport im
sacvented directly from fields of flowers in southern
iveden. It's complataly safe for every nember of the
family
(For Business or Financial Section of Newspaper!
Network Marketing Spurs Growth
of Food Supplement Sales!
(City Namel: *An increasingly powerful force in the
sale and distribution of producs and services in
America today is Network Marketing,"states Mr.
(Name), President of (Company Name, a local cod
supplement distributor for Cernitin America.ạẠạit is
more efficient in getting goods from manufacturer
to consumer than traditional marketing, and pro-
vides greater motvation and financial rewards for
distributorsẠại
"Network Marketing, continues Mr. (Name),
*sells directly to consumers, eliminates the middle-
man and looks for others with whom to share the
opportunity. As the number of distributors grow, the
concept of multiplication secs in and sales and in-
come increase very quickly.
ẠModern Network Marketing firms use consultant
groups, markeing expers, sophisticated data proc-
essing techniques, strategie warehousing and ll of
the other business practices of major corporations.
ẠạiIn terms of food supplements, Network Marketing
is most successful when the product is consumable.
America's strong, current involvement with health
and nuttion represents a key opportunity for the
alert, independent businessman and businesswoman
in the food supplement area.
ẠỊEspecially popular in the formulation of this type
of product is pure pollen, harvested directly from
flowers. Pollen is one of nature's single, most impor-
tant food products and contains all of the essential
nutrients needed for good healthạẠ
Central City Resident
Named Cernitin Manager
(City Namel: (Individual's Name) was recently named
a distributor manager in the Cernitin America Net-
work Marketing Program. Mr. (Name), who resides at
(Address) was promoted on the basis of outstanding
sales achievement involving the full line of Cernitin
Food Supplements.
Cernitin Flower Pollen -a pure concentrate that
contains all of the essential nutrients needed for
good nealth -is used exclusively in all Cernitin
producs. The pollen product is manufactured by the
parent company, the A.B. Cernelle Company, in Swe-
den and used in more than 50 countries worldwide.
Cernitin products are distributed exclusively in the
United States by Cernitin America Inc., one of the
leading forces in the Network Marketing industry.
Local Executive Attends
National Networking Seminar
(City Namel: Recenty returned from a seminar con-
ducted by Cernitin America is Mr. (Name), an inde-
pendent distributor in this naconal food supplement
product company.

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2408, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr, (Name! attended the _ day Seminar, held
at (Location), on behalf of his own network distribu-
torship. He took part in sessions that provided further
information and training on the full Cernitin line of
food supplements and the pure flower pollen that is
the key nutritional ingredient.
(Optional Paragrapns,
A number of new products were announced
to the overail Cernitin America Network Marketing
organization and awards were given to Cernitin
personnel for outstanding sales achievement
Other seminars and sessions dealt with the skills
and techniques required in Network Marketing and
plans for the further growth of Cernitin Amenca in
this industry area.
(Note: in this release, the Cernitin distributor could be substituted
for Dr. Allen in the quotations.
Pollen Power is a
Growing Force with
Professional Athietes.
(ar]
Flower Pollen Emerges
as Major Factor in
Athletic Training
(City Name):ẠRecent research shows that the body
needs a continuing supply of essential nutrients, as
well as a rigorous training program, to be effective in
competitive sports,* stated Dr. David Allen today. Dr.
Allen, a Ph.D. in Human Nutrition and Psychology
and head of his own food supplement firm, advised
that, This holds true for professional athletes as well
as most people who want to keep regularly fit."
"Tests indicate," continued Dr. Allen, "that flower
pollen, as a aasic food supplement, helps athletes in
training recover energy faster after exercise and
fatigue. It also aids the achievement of maximum
anaerobic capacity. That's why 'pollen power' has
pecome so significant coday."
Pollen direct from the flower is considered safer
than bee pollen because it is free of contaminants
and possible after-effects. In modern times, flower
pollen came into the spodight when Finiand's Lasse
Viren, 1972 and 1976 Olympic Gold Medal distance
champion, and other Olympic athletes from Finland
used a food supplement called Poilitabs Sport as part
of their training program. This is one of a number of
pollen products available today. During his prime,
neavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali also
trained on Pollitabs Sport.
A food supplement made in Sweden, Pollitabs
Sport is distributed nationally in this country by
Cernitin America, a Network Marketing company.
It is available locally from (Distributor Name and
Address).
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
129 Dayton St.
Yellow Springs, OH 45387
513) 767-7281

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2440, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Make big
profits with
POLLEN
POWER
fronthe
FLOWER
Here is your opportunity to join in the
exclusive Network Marketing of an
amazing line of health food supplements
from Sweden. It's formulated with pure
flower pollen, the single, most complete
food in nature... and so easy to sell. As an
Independent distrautor of Ceritin
Amenca, you can begin building a sound
financial future with such outstanding
products as Poilitabs Sport, Cemilton,
Vencrux-Acido and others to come. Call
us right away for complete information:
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Ground floor
opportunity
in food
supplements!
Now is the time to latch onto the
dynamic growth in natural food
supplement popularity. Today is the
day to call us regarding our Network
Marketing program for the Ceritin
America line of high energy, flower
pollen products. You and your
friends can share in a fast start, a
generous compensation plan and
a financial future with no limits.
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC
Is financial
ndependence
your goal?
Get the exciting
Cernitin story!
Pure Ceritin Flower Pollen -the Swedish
ingredient for good health and vital tyres
the key element in our line of natural
food supplements It abo represents a
new Network Marketing opportun ty for
chose looking for total financial success, if
you would like to be an independent
distributor of Cemin Amenca, contact an
independent distributor today for the
prontable facts
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Take
advantage of
the growing
interest in
health and
nutrition!
The sales growth of natural food
supplements continues at a rapid pace.
Get in on the leading edge through a
special Netork Marketing Program for
the proven, pollen-power products of
Cemicin Amenca. It's a high energy line
used in more than 50 countries, that has
what you need to make it on your own.
I can show you how it's done.
Phone Me Today:
000-0000
Distributor Name
Address
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Where
do you
want to
be in 5
years?
How much income would youlike to
have by then? What will inflation do to
you? Will you be in charge of your own
destiny? We have a Network Marketing
Program that can help you achieve your
financial goals. How? With the nigh
growth line of Cemion flower pailen
/pod supplements - a product whose
time nas come. Phone us nov to get
the complete story
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2578, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PUT
PURE
nergy
ernelle
POLLITABS SPORT
ITAPRARDICNO CONCENTRATE
FLOWER C POLLE
100 TA
to work
for you!
Pollitads Sport is the unique Swecish
food supplement used in training by
professional athletes it boosts energy!
increases strengen, expands anaercorc
capacity and speeds recovery time. Made
with pure pollen harvested directy from
flowers, it's completely safe, with no side
effect. And polien contains all the
essential nutrients needed for good
health. Pollitabs Spor: is available
exclusively through independent Cemitin
Amenica distroutors. To order, visitor
phone:
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
SANITIN
AMERICA INC
How To Get More Out
Of Life... With
Pollitabs Sport!
Pollen power from flowers. That's the
nigh energy secret in this internationalys
approved natural food supplement
Without side effects, it boosts energy and
ncreases strength to keep you fedling
great. Ceritin Pollitaos Sport is availabie
Tom your local Cerion
Amenca distributor
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC
Try This
Proven Energy
Booster!
5071 206
Cernelle
POLLITABS SPORI
OF PURE CENTRATE
FLOWER,
L POLL
100 TABLETS
Enjoy-c
Pure Energy
Without ≥
Sugar
inside this jar is an energy supplement
containing Ceritin pure flower pollen
the single most comblete food in nature
it contains ail che essental nutrients
needed for good health. Used by nealth-
conscious familes in over 50 counties
To buy Pellicads Sport, phone or visit
Distributor Name
Addren
Phone Number
ANIL
MERICA IN
HALITABS SPOR
ANCERIT
LOWER
" POLLEN
100 TABLET
You'll feel like a new person when you
use Politabs Sport the unique natura!
food supplement from Sweden. Made
from pure flower poilen¿¿ich all of the
basic ingredients for good health -ics
completely safe and will not cause
allergic reactions. For consistent high
energy and strength, nothing beats
Pell tabs Sport You'll find it and other
Cemitin Amenca products at
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
GENUIN
AMERICA INC
Now...
Food Supplements
With Pollen Power!
The Swedish secret of good health and
VENTRUX-ACIDO-vital to the health of
vitality is pure Ceritin Flower Pollen.
Intestinal tracti
Scientifically proven to boost energy
CERNITIN SKIN OINTMENT-quick relef
safely and erfectively, it's used in over 50
for minor pains.
counties, The growing Cerion America
To ender these products, contact your
food supplement line includes
local Ceritin Amenca independent
POLL TABS SPORT-energy for athletes
distrauto
and active people
Distributor Name
CERNILTON energy for dieters and
Address
people ever 40.
Phone Number
ARE INC.

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2899, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10% off
your first retail purchase of any
Cernitin
Product!
This offer ends
(Date)
Try Our Food
Supplements
Now and Save.
Present this coupon and take advartage
of our special lot% off intreductory offer.
Discover how the pure flower pollen
used in our food supplements can
provice the energy, nuttion and great
feeling you're looking for Start with
Pollitabs Sport - the energy booster
professional athletes use, Ceriton of
Ventrux-Acido. Ask us about the exciting
Ceritin nealth story today
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
(Distributor
photo
goes
nere.
Write Your Own
Ticket to Extra
Dollars
from Nutrition!
it's easier than you think. Camitin
Amenca has che line of pure polien foco
supplements plus the Network Marketing
alan to nep you win. Get on the national
nutrition bandwagon today, There'!!
never be a better time. Call us for the
exc ting, profitable Cervan Sary
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
MERICA IN
(Your Name]
Your
Independent
Cernitin
America
Distributor
"I can show you
how to make
big money from
pollen poweriẠỊi
Come to our meeting on Thursday (Datel
at 8 p.m. at (Address) to get the dynamic
Network Markeong story on the Cemion
Amenca line of pure pollen food
suppiemenas. This proven, 30 year ald
Swedish products now being
distributed with outstanding success in
Amenca. We'll be looking for you.
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Let's
talk
out
your
(Distributor
photo
goes
here.l
future!
(Your Name)
Your Independent
Cernitin America
Distributor
You too, can point towards a financially
secure future by teaming up with the
Ceritin Generation, In you'd like to be
your own boss, you're inted to leam
more about our high energy, food
suppiement line with pollen powver..
our fast-growing Nework Marketing
program.
the new interest in nur cion..
and a product line used in more than 50
counties. Let's gettogether on (DATE.
TIME & LOCATIONI
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Introductory
offer!
Save
$2.00
and feel
great again.
Use this coupon for your imital purchase
of Politabs Sport or Cernilton from the
Ceritin foca supplement line.
Offer ends
(Datel
Health. Energy: Vitality. A fresh new
outlook on life If this is winat you want,
ook into famous food supplements from
Cernion Amenca. Ava ladle at:
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.
Boost Your
Energy and
Your Income!
Join us in Network Marketing a line of
natural food supplements that can make
you "Teel like a millioni and also eam you
a growing income Join Ceritin America
in selling proven, high energy products
mide from pure poilen and in buriding
your own downline. Great compensation
program. Complete plans and assistance.
Tremendoua potential.
(DIstributor
photo
goes
here.l
(Your Name)
Your
Independent
Ceritin
America
Distributor
Distributor Name
Address
Phone Number
CERNITIN
AMERICA
INC.

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1307, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
For
RADIO: 60 SECONDS - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
(MUSIC: MARCHING DRUM RHYTHM)
1: If money were no object, what would you be doing with your life?
2:
Do flexible hours and unlimited income appeal to you?
Is an opportunity came along that promised real career fulfillmen
2:
1:
without a full-time commitment --
would you take it?
(MUSIC: HINT OF PATRIOTIC IN AND UNDER)
2:
1:
Cernitin America offers all this, and more!
Through Network Marketing --
(SOUND EFFECTS: ELECTRONIC NETWORK EFFECT)
-- with Cernitin America.
2:
1:
You can have financial independence and career satisfaction
when you become an independent distributor of quality food
supplement products made from pure pollen -- direct from the flowe
2:
1:
Flower pollen -- nature's most complete food.
Thirty years of use prove the amazing benefits of pollen
power from the flower.
(SOUND EFFECTS: ELECTRONIC NETWORK EFFECT)
2:
And network marketing has paved the road to success.
for thousands of Americans just like you.
1: Call your Cernitin America Distributor today!
(MUSIC: EXTEND FOR 9 SECONDS)
TAG:
Call 000-0000 and ask about this grourd floor business
opportunity. Call 000-0000 today.
(MUSIC: UP TO FINISH)
THIS IS A SAMPLE TAG. TAG SPACE ON TAPE HAS MUSIC BACKGROUND ONLY.
LOCAL ANNOUNCER CAN RECORD VOUR INFORMATION.

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 875, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
For RADIO 10 SECONDS - BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
(SOUND EFFECTS:
CAMERA CLICK AND WIND)
MAN:
Picture yourself as your own boss.
. (SOUND EFFECTS: CAMERA CLICK AND WIND)
WOMAN:
MAN:
WOMAN:
Picture yourself as financially independent.
* (SOUND EFFECTS: CAMERA CLICK AND WIND)
Picture Yourself as a Cernitin America Distributor!
People all over the world are excited about Cernitin's
food supplements made with pollen power!
MAN:
WOMAN:
Like the popular Pollitabs Sport tablets!
And you can build your own business with network marketing.
(SOUND EFPECTS: ELECTRONIC NETWORK EFFECT)
MAN:
Call your Cernitin America distributor today.
TAG:
5 seconds
For the Pollen Power Story Call your Cernitin American
distributor at 000-0000.
(MUSIC UP TO FINISH)
THIS IS A SAMPLE TAG. TAG SPACE ON TAPE HAS MUSIC BACKGROUND ONLY.
LOCAL ANNOUNCER CAN RECORD YOUR INFORMATION.

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1246, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTR
AMERICA INC
FOr RADIO 60 SECONDS - POLLITABS SPORT
(SOUND EFFECTS: CROWD BACKGROUND WITH AEROBICS MUSIC)
1:
Linda, Hi, I didn't know you belonged to the health club.
2:
Well, I love aerobics, but lately I haven't felt like
any exercise...Where do you get all your energy?
1:
Oh, diet... exercise, and I take Pollitabs Sport!
2:
Polli-tabs?
1: Pollitabs Sport.
(BRING UP DISCO MUSIC)
Come on, let's warm up and I'll tell you about them!
(IN RHYTHM) Pollitabs are made of pollen directly from
the flower.
2:
1:
Pollen?
Flower pollen.. nature's most complete food - to boost
your energy!
2:
1:
Who's it for?
Ideal for athletes, housewives, businessmen or dieters...
and it's pure -- no synthetics.
2: You mean if I took Pollitabs Sport, I'd have energy like
You?
1:
Why not? Your Cernitin America Distributor has pure
Pollen Power from the flower...feel healthier for sure!
2:
Hey, that sounds good. I'll call today. Cernitin,
we're on our way!
(GIGGLE)
TAG :
Call your Cernitin America distributor at 000-0000.
Build your own business with Cernitin products. That's
000-0000 for pollen power from the flower.
(MUSIC UP TO FINISH)
THIS IS A SAMPLE TAG. TAG SPACE ON TAPE HAS MUSIC BACKGROUND
ONLY. LOCAL ANNOUNCER CAN RECORD YOUR INFORMATION.

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 772, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
FOR RADIO 30 SECONDS - POLLITABS SPORT
(SOUND EFFECTS - AEROBIC MUSIC)
1:
Gosh, Diane, where do you get the energy to do aerobics?
Well, the exercise-dance classes help, but I also take
Pollitabs Sport.
1:
Pollitabs?
(MUSIC: AEROBICS DISCO COMES UP)
2: Pollitabs Sport. C'mon, let's warm up...Pollitabs are
flower pollen --- boosts your energy.
1:
Flower pollen?
2:
Right. Your Cernitin America distributor has pure pollen
power from the flower --- feel healthier - for sure.
1:
sounds good, I'll call today. Cernitin, we're on
our way.
(GIGGLE)
(MUSIC UP THROUGH FINISH)
TAGE
Call your Cernitin America Distributor at 000-0000.
That's 000-0000,
THIS IS A SAMPLE TAG. TAG SPACE HAS MUSIC BACKGROUND ONLY.
LOCAL ANNOUNCER CAN RECORD YOUR INFORMATION.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1516, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"I don't know
of any other
diet plan
capable of
doing what
this one does!"
James P. Cartar, M.D.
Chairman, Dept of Nutrition,
Tulane University
Dick Gregory's
Slim-Safe
BAHAMIAN DIET
BAHAMIAN
NET
The secret? Dick Gregory's famed 4X
formula that assures complete nutri-
flonal support as you diet. A plan, not
just a product it's the fist really safe.
efficient, fosted way to achlave your
weight goals. Call us today for the
complete and exciling story.
(DISTRIBUTOR NAME
ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBERI
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Danbutor
Finally...
a diet
you can
trust!
Dick Gregory's
Slim-Safe
BAHAMIAN
DIET
BAF
Bum off colories, curb hunger pangs.
protect against infability with this
safe profoin supplement. If mikes
with julce, tastes great. And your
weight loss lasts. Phone us for results
achleved by other people. If's the
blg diel breakthrough.
(DISTRIBUTOR NAME,
ÄDDRESS, PHONE NUMBER)
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
30
people
needed to
participate
in a weight
loss
program
with Dick
Gregory
call: 000-0000
for further defalls.
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
How to
lose weight
and gain
wealth!
The answer? A diet supplement that's
sate and really works
one that proi
vides nutritional support while you
reduce. You may need it. Hundreds
of thousands want it. Try It, then dis
cover how our network marketing
plan can bring you big rewards
selling
Dick Gregory's
Slim-Safe
BAHAMIAN DIET
(DISTRIBUTOR NAME,
ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER)
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1569, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The big
breakthrough
in diet products
is here!
Dick Gregory's Slim-Safe Bahomion Diet Is tho first safe.
natural way to reduce weight. It's part of a complete pro-
gram designed to help burn off calories, curb hunger
pangs and provide nufritional support. Derived strictly from
vegetablo sources, this protoln supplament comes in
powdered form, mixes easily
with fruit juice and has a great
fasto. Try it today. If you'd like to
sell it, ask about our exciting net-
work markoting plan.
FA MIN
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
DISTRIBUTOR NAMI
ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER
Any one who's fasted,
jogged and walked
as many times as Dick
Gregory ought to know
a lot about diet products!
That's right. And after years of resoarch, Dick
Gregory brings you his unique Slim-Safe
Bahamian Diet. More than a product. It's part
of a complete program designed to bur
off calories, cut hunger and provide the best
In nutrition. A tasty concentrote that mixes
with fruit juice. It's the first safe, natural, nutri-
lianal way to lose walght. Try Dick Grogory's
Slim-Safe Bahamian Diet. And find out
how you con profil, too, from this
remarkable diat breakthrough-
with Cemifin Americo.
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Dismbutor
(DISTRIBUTOR NAME,
ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER)
Want to lose
weight? You need
more than a diet
product... you
need a plan!
You've got It with Dick Gregory's
Slim-Sate Bahamian Diet. This nutri-
fional supplement plus our program
hops you shed pounds safely with
lasting results. Call today for derals
at 000-0000.
CEMENTON INC.
Independent Distributor

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 658, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CRNITIN
AMERICA INC
129 Dayton St.. Yellow Springs. OH 45387
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
CERNITIN
AMERICA INC.
Independent Distributor
AMERICA INC
Independent Disaributor
MERIGA IN
Independent Dismbutor
MERICA IN
Independent Distributor
AMERICA INC
Independent Dirtibutor

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 197, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ane
o,o5s
f i

rT

ete"
ree
Q a rr

Ms
a
f

a

.
7

Pl
Pat |
eee

hel, ae |
Bf

=
Ly

on
et .

bal
a tee,
a

ae By
99

Ps
7
eFataele

LJ
=

= a"
aa | g® oll eal lew

1
* im
a,

F af

ae, #
eT
Pe
-

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 177, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
BAHAMIAN
DIET T.M
Nua Te nel Drink Mex
Uen Cg
BAHAMIAN
BAHAMIAN
T.M.
BAHAMIAN
DIET T.M.
BAHAMIAN
DIET T.M
*T HST NGE S
BAHAMIAN
DIET T.M.
Nutrition/ Drink Mir
VIT NEGIT AOZ (AI

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 686, "chars": 4582, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Product
VENTRUX-ACIDO
Your Key to Proper Digestion
amater how nur lous your
- diet, unless you can fully digest
it you won't be achieving the full leve!
of health and aliveness you re capable
of, A critical point in your digestive
system is the calon. Dependance on
laxatives, gas and greater susceptibility
to disease are problems related to the
large intestine which can be addressed
by the use of "Ventrux-Acido. It repre-
sents a shift from creating intestinal
symptoms after they become problems,
to creating a state of maximal health
in the calan, which is chen feit in the
whole body. This is very appealing to
the health-conscious users of Cernitin
America products
Ventrux-Acido is a sale and non-
toxic nutritional supplement which
neips maintain the health of intestinal
flora. The presence, in abundance, of
"good bacteriai is a key to the health
of the colon, and therefore to the health
of the whole person. Beneficial intes-
tinal flora literally unciog your
digestive system, allowing the intestines
to do cheir job. Ventrux-Acido is the most
effective of available forms of lactic acid
producing bacteria-which performs
this function.
Friendly bacteria nelp your body
expel toxins and assimilate che nutrients
you need to improve and sustain your
health. What this means, ultimately,
is a reward in the form of vitality.
strength and cheerfuiness, qualities
which lead to the enjoyment of a
The importance of Intestinal flora is
apparent to those who have studied the
intestinal tract of germ-free animais
in laboratory tests. They found many
anatomical and prysiological anomalies.
The intestinal wail remains in an un-
differentiated state. Its inadequate
development leads to difficulty in
absorption and to the accumulation
VENTRUX-
ACIDO
mesunal Brocutult
in the lower bowel of a variety of bio-
active substances of toxic nature, in-
cluding unmetabolized bile acids and
high levels of digestive enzymes.
Who Will Benefit From
Ventrux-Acido?
People under stress will benefit
from ventrux-Acido's ability to normalize
the digestive track. This includes the stress
associated with travel, and changes in
diet instituted for weight loss or other
reasons, Whenever you change environ-
ments or lifestyles, it changes the
balance of intestinal flora, disturbs
normal digestion, and results in a
reduced sense of well-being
People taking antibiotics wilf also
benefit. When antiblotics are given.
the friendly flora are destroyed along
with the harmful bacteria. Supple-
mentation with Ventrux-Acido heips
maintain a healthy flora so that normal
health-giving processes can take place.
The elderly will be especally re-
warded, There are changes in micro-
flora with age. One study examined
quantitatively and qualitatively the
microfiora in the feces of 70 normal
individuals aged 20 to 100 years. Elderly
subjects were found to harbor fewer
anaerobic lactobacili and larger
numbers of fungi and coliforms than
young persons. Older persons suffering
from frequent constipation will be
particalarly interested in the normalizing
effect of this product.
Its usefuiness extends to all age
groups. Studies comparing breast-fed
and bottle-fed babies show that breast-
fed infants have more lactobecilli and
fewer califorms. This seems to give
them a particular head start in resisting
How Ventrux-Acido
Can Help
Ventrux-Acido as a dietary supple-
ment aids in maintaining normal
Intestinal flora
Bacterial action in milk produces
a chemical reaction which digests milk
substances, and makes them an ideal
food for the human body. Like Lacto
bacillus acidophilus and bulgaricus,
Ventrux-Acido is a friendly bacteria.
Where they live abundantly, the other
kinds, coliforms, and fungi, are reduced
to a desirable level.
It's a matter of re-establishing
what is first created at birth. During
the first few days of life, prior to the
actual secretion of milk, the newborn's
mother secretes a special substance
cailed colostrum. Along with its high
protein. vitamin and mineral content:
colostrum provides valuable antibiotics.
and prepares the colon for digestion
by providing desirable bacteria. These
bacteria establish chemselves quickly
and are nounshed by the slowly
metabolized lactose of the mocher's
milk. Formulas other than mother's milk
deprive the colon of this food and there-
fore set the stage for coll inhabitation,
the beginning of disease. Defoliation of
the bacteria later can come from either
poor dietary habits or antibiotics.
This maintains a desirable balance
in the types of intestinal fiora. Exces-
sive unheaithy flora can lead to the
MARCH 1985

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 683, "chars": 4658, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ventrua-Acido contains special
lactic acid-produoing bacteria SF
68. The lyoonilized bactena reach
the intesonal tract undamaged -
due to the high aco-tolerance
of SF 68
in the intestine the sleepingi
micrc-oraan isms undergo active-
tion-they wake"-and begin
to multiply
They grow rapidly and are spread
in the whole intestinal tract.
Mulopication of SF 68 means
metaba ism in our case produc
tion of large amounts of lactic
acid
The intestinal environment be-
comes relatively strongly acidified.
The growth of californ bactena
is suppressed. Colibactena do not
tolerate an acid envronment.
liberation of large quantities of am-
monia, which irritates the delicate
intestinal membranes. The ammonia
can pass into the blood causing nausea,
vomiting, decreased appetite and other
toxic reactions. Food which is undi-
gested can stagnate to form gas and
constipation: The putrefactive bacteria
may produce excessive histamine, caus-
ing allergic reactions and additional
toxic build-up. As weil as creating a
desirable balance, Ventrux-Acido pro-
duces 8 vitamins which are needed
under stress. B vitamins are biocatalysts
and also help in food digestion. It also
produces enzymes which help in the
digestibility of food and are needed
for the digestion of lactose. Many
Americans are intolerant to milk
because they lack the lactose-digest-
ing enzyme
Normally, with the use of Ventrux-
Acido, the establishment of a desirable
Also infection with ather intes-
tinal bactena lice salmonelia and
chlostridie is prevented. Thanks
to quick growth and high add
tolerance, the 5F 68 will innibit
the growth of harmful bacter a
and the intestinal flora is
normalized
intestinal balance will take only a few
days. It is successful when changes in
intestinal flora result in regular stools
which are free from putrid or rancid
odor.
Isn't That What Yogurt Does?
In 1908, Metchnikoff, head of the
Pasteur Institute of Paris, conceived the
idea of changing the bacterial flora of
the lower intestine from a putrefactive
to an acid forming flore. He had ob
served that in Bulgaria, where yogurt
played an important dietary role, many
centenarians were found. He concluded
that there was a relation between
longevity and self-poisoning by putrid
material in the colon. He attempted
to counteract this by treatment with
the bacterium of yogurt: Bacillus
Much controversy surrounded early
experiments, which hoped to prove the
relationship Metchnikoff hýpothesized.
Because cuitures were not always alive.
CERNITIN AMERICA
and other dietary alterations were
suggested to achieve the same results.
nothing conclusive was proved. More
recent research suggests that very little
live bactena in yogurt survives stomach
acids to reach to large intestine
Ventrux-Acido Is The Most
Effective Lactic Acid
Producing Bacteria
Most intestinal brocultures, as they
pass through the digestive tract, are
destroyed by the acid environment
(pH of +2) of the stomach. losing their
effectiveness by the time they reach
the colon. This is why many intestina!
products must be taken on an empty
stomach to work. This is not so with
Ventrux-Acido. This bloculture strain
was specifically developed to with-
stand the nigh acidity caused by diges
tion (it can survive a pH of +1). It can
be taken at any time during the day.
and its rapid rate of reproduction speeds
the beneficial effects of Ventrux-Acido
into your digestive system. It is closely
related to acidophilus which is naturally
cocurring in humans. That is the reason it
can reach the colon, acove and in large
enough numbers to become the dom-
inant intestinal flora. This is not true
of bulgaricus, which originates from
cow's stomachs
* The biologic name for Ventrux Acido
is Streptococcus faecium C-6B. SF 68 is
a strain of Streptococcus faecium. The
characteristics of Streptococous faecium
are described in Bergey's Manual for
Determinauve Bacteriology Streptococcus
faecium was once classified as Lacto
bacillus Acidophilus, but has been
separated by specific biochemical tech
niques. SF 68 produces lactic acid and
is homofermentative
Published research data clearly
demonstrates the benefits of ventrux-
Acido: Each capsule contains at least
75 million live lactic-acid producing bac-
teria which contribute toward better
digestion and assimilation of nutrients
A rapidly-growing bacteria, Ventrux-
Acido works over three times faster than
acidophilus, or yogurt (reproduction is
19 minutes compared to 64 minutes)
Table 1: Generation time of some
streptococo and lactobacilli
Generation
Time
Organism
Lactobacillus aadophillus
Lactobacillus buigaricus
Streptococcus thermophilus
Streptococcus faecium
minutes
64
40
÷6
19

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3360, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Feature
CERNELLE
ENGELHOLM, SWEDEN
A.B. Cernelle-
Pollen Capital of the World.
Mar from the fumes and fervor o
_ industrial centers, surrounded b
fields of flowering grasses, cluster an
assortment of simple farm buildings.
Built in the late 1930's, the complex
once housed a specialized schooi farm.
but since the early 1950's has been
the haven for one of the most unique
pharmaceutical companies in the world
-A.B. Cernelle.
Unlike most factory sites which
would have been selected with urban
convenience in mind, A.B. Cerneile
co-founders Gosta Carisson and Ake
Aspiund had different prioritiesẠWe
were afraid of the poisons, fertilizers
and chemicals: Clean air and organic
soil were a mustiẠAke says of the com-
pany that was to become the world's
only manufacturer of pure, concentrated
flawer pollen.
ẠCernelle is a fantasy word -it
is based on the word cereal, a
derivative of the name for the
Greek Goddess of Grains, CeresiạẠ
Ake Asplund.
Situated in the southern tip of
Sweden. A.B. Cernelle is located about
five miles south of Engelholm, a non-
industrial oty of 25,000, and accut
16 miles north of that country's sixth
largest cicy, Helsingborg, which has a
population of about 100,000. Visitors
to the company will drive out into the
Swedish countryside, passing mostly
farms, and will soon see some of the
thousand acres of fields cultivated by
Cernelle for its pollen.
"All of our pollen comes from flow-
ers grown around our neighborhood.
Ake says in nis charming, accented
English. He laughs at the often asked
question about whether the flowers
are daisies, roses, poppies.. 7 No, he
says, explaining that the pollen is col-
lected from six different varieties of
fiowering grasses.
Ake explains that these grasses are
used because they are hardy and easy
to cultivate. Relying only on natural
farming methods, ease of cuitivation
becomes increasingly important as the
demand for flower pollen grows every
year.iẠạỊThe amount of pollen gathered
in a year depends upon the weather.
wind and sunshineiỊiỊAke says. Cernelle
collects an average of 10-20 tons of pol-
len a season-one summer collecting
40 tons/
A.B. Cernelle, with its simple farm
buildings and impressively modern
facilities within, is an exciting testimony
to the healthy marriage of natural and
scientific methodalogies. Key to chis
beneficial blend have been its found-
ers Gosta Carisson and Ake Asplund
Those familiar withỗẠThe Cernitin
Storyạiknow how Gosta Carisson's
invention of the pollen trap introduced
bee pollen to the world in 1950. His
subsequent invention of a machine that
would bypass the bee and collect the
pollen in great quantities, opened the
doar to research on the benefits of pol-
len as a food supplement, and led to the
present distribution of pure pollen prod-
ucts all over the world. Ake Asplund,
Carisson's associate since 1947, shared
his commitment to finding a natural
health product and has been instrumental
in the unfolding of the revolutionary
Cernitin story
David Allen, Cernitin America
President, sings the praises of both of
Gosta Carisson, David Allen and Ake Asplund-the mutual respect of these three men and
their shared lifetime interests in wellness and holistic health /known in Europe and Scandinavia
for Americans to derve the benefits of pure pollen-benefits char Europeans have been en-
joying for over 30 vears
MARCH 1985

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 743, "chars": 4939, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
themẠồI cannot overstate my respect
for both Gosta Carisson's and Ake
Asplund's dedication and achievements
in che fieid of biological medicine-
David says. "They are also both very
warm, kind, gentle people. Ake has
been described by many as a big warm
teddy bear-you just cant help but
love himi**
Gosta Carisson retired from his
position as President of Cernelle in 1982.
but according to Davic, he continues
to do poilen research on his own. "Gosta
won't tell anyone what he's busy re-
searching"" David says, but / know
that he's going to come up with some
significant new contributions to Cernelle
"In the next few years
Ake continues to work at Cernelle.
serving as Chairman of the Board and
informal overseer.ỗẠạẠ don't think I'll re-
tire soon," Ake says, "This work is my
special nobby:
The Cernelle story would not be
complete without mentioning the com-
pany's long fought battle to legitimize
their product in their own country. Dis-
tributed all over Europe and the sub-
Ject of scores of research projects since
their revolutionary methods of collect-
ing pollen made it available by the ton
instead of the gram, Cerneile reaped
many satisfactions from positive customer
feedback, including reports of increased
athletic performance by Finnish Olympic
contestants. Requests for pharmaceutical
licensing by the Swedish National Board
of Health and Welfare, nowever, were
rejected, causing difficult financial
times for the fledgling compRy which
was virtually unable to market their
new product at home for 15 years.
A suit brought against a Swedish
Cernelle distributor advertising that the
pollen "increases physical performance"
pitted the company against the Swecish
CERNITIN AMERICA
Consumer Ombudsman (KO) and was
ultimately heard before the Market
Court. Cernelle, finding the KO's stan-
dards to be both subjective and pre-
judiced against the nature of their
produc, enlisted the help of Olov
Undani, a professor of orthopedic
surgery, Clinical Director at the Regional
Hospital of Linkoping, Sweden, and
Chair of the Swedish Physicians' Asso-
ciation for Biological Medione, Initially
skeptical, Lindan! became so impressed
with the quality of the product and
excellence of the documented research.
that he successfuily defended Cernelle
in a landmark win for biological medi-
cine in Sweden. After two full days of
court debate, the court ruled that the
KO's request to forbid the advertisement
was denied, the prosecutor's case was
dismissed, and approval was granted
to the advertising claim that pollen
raises physical performance leveis.
Cernelle was finally licensed as a
pharmaceutical manufacturer in 1982.
After two full days of court
debate...approval was granted
to the advertising claim that
pollen ralses physical perform-
ance levels.
Since it's beginning over 30 years
tinued to increase its annual produc
cion of pollen, now harvesting around
a thousand acres each year, but has
expanded its realm of distribution. Dis-
tributing primarily through big pharm-
aceutical suppliers who handle natural
non-toxic supplements, the list of coun
tries has expanded to about 50. the most
recent being the U.S.S.R. Cernelle is cur-
rently the biggest exporter of natural
supplements from Sweden to Japan.
where they send over 50 tans of Cernil-
ton a year
"Ar first look from the outside, A B
Cernelle looks like a farm." says company
president, Chanes Andersson
Once you
come inside, thoudh, you will see no trace
of a farm." ne sald, ạit looks «ke the modern
pharmaceutica! plant that it is."
"Some of the 50 countries which
currently import Cernelle:
Scandinavia-Sweden, Denmark,
Finland, Norway, Iceland, Europe-
Switzerland, France, Italy, Germany.
Austria, Holland, Belgium, Spain, Eng
land, Ireland, U.S.S.R. Bulgaria, Yugo-
slavia, Middle East-Kuwait: Far East-
Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam,
Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Philip-
pines: South America-Argentina, Peru,
Colombia: North America-United
States, Canada, Bahamas; Pending-
Brazil, Portugal, Australia, New Zealand,
India, Pakistan, Thalland, South Arabia,
Israei, Egypt. Morocco
Confidence and competence at the neim take
the form of A.B. Carnelle President Charles
Andersson, Andersson came to Cernelle as
a chemist in 1969, and nas been involved
in every aspect of the company
Ạ¿ know the future of Cernelle
Jooks very brightiẠỊiỊAndersson says
"not only because of the United States.
but also because many of our old
customers are continuously increasing
their ordersiẠạ
Ạam strongly believing in a great
future for Cernitin America, Andersson
says. "It takes some time to convince
people of the benefits of a new product
but I know that as Dr. Allen's team
expands the product line, some of the
big managers from compettive companies
will Join you, too. Cernitin Ameriaz
will also have the exclusive right to
distrioute our products in the countries
that they want to open up for net-
work marketingiỊiAndersson says.
Continued

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A.B. Cernelle guards carefuily those
specially patented processes which make
their pollen products unlike any others in
the world. The direct collection process.
developed by Gosta Carisson in the eary
1950's made it possible to narvest tons of
pure pollen without depnwing bees of their
food source, and the husk removal and ex-
clusive microbiological fermentation process
eliminated contaminants and macro-mole-
cules which haa caused allergic reactions
in some sensitive individuals, Along wich
these speaial processes, Cernelle applies state-
of-the-art technology and equipment in
every stage of production. Scanners and
analyzers check every batch of product.
and electronic eye tablet counters help fil
bottles for the modern packaging and seal-
ing machines. Low temperatures are main-
tained throughout the process to preserve
the chemical integrity of the pollen. Each
batch of pollen takes about two weeks to
be processed and packaged. After the May.
June harvest period, cleaned and flitered
pollen is stored in large, refrigerated rooms
while awaiting further processing
A.B. Cernelle fought 25 years of resut-
ance from the Swedish Narional Bureau of
Health and Welfare to finally receive their
license as a pharmaceutical factory in 1982.
Both Ake Asplund and Charles Andersson
emphasize proudly the many stages of in-
spection and control that make it possible
to guarantee the quality of product that
has always been a halimark of the Cernelle
process. Numerous national and interanonal
regulations and inspections are standard
there, including the World Healch Organi-
zation established GP /Good Manufac
turing Practice) and GLP (Good Laboratory
Practice). Along with nd responsibility as
President of A.S. Cernelle. Charles has served
as "Responsible Person" -a prarmaceutical
title required by the National Bureau of
Health and Welfare to designate that person
wno will take ultiate responsibrity for
the quaity of the product being produced
by that plant. Charles Andersson stands
personally benind every pollen product that
leaves A.B. Cernellel
in spite of Cernelle's rural setting and
organic farming methods, impurities can stil
be found, absorbed out of the air of trans-
ported through precipitation. As soon as
the pollen is narvested, and at numerous
other stages of its processing, the pollen is
cleaned, treated and filtered to remove all
traces of poilen fung and bacteria, and any
traces of contaminating chemicals.
A.B. Cernelle employs 31 dedicated
people. 21 of them with degrees in chem-
istry, in their modern laboratory facilities.
they are constantly working on the evolu
ban of new products and improvement of
production techniques. Medical and bio-
chemical research studies have been con-
ducted at universides and institunions
throughout Scandinavia and Europe for
the last 30 years. "At this very moment. no
less than 21 research projects are in the
works," says Charies Andersson
MARCH 1985
