{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:29:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 193016, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125274-cejka-patent-3150282.pdf", "source_sha256": "a2c5dc3c999cfbbdd8def1ec1e58a1bd3b0a500eec21b882d537db05f30252f2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 212, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Sept. 22, 1964 D. V. GEPPERT 3,150,282

HIGH EFFICIENCY CATHODE STRUCTURE

FERMI LEVEL

92°

VACUUM
ENERGY LEVEL

gv

44
ye Ab
VLA, Fig+d

DONOVAN V. GEPFERT
AO 50 Ad , INVENTOR.

us Kyo Kyve,

ATTORNEYS

7
@ LZ

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1093, "chars": 7040, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,150,282
Patented Sept. 22, 1964
1
2
layer 18 is deposited on the surface of the high work func-
3.150,282
HIGH EFFICIENCY CATHODE STRUCTURE
tion metal film.
This last layer is a low work function
Donovan V. Gepperi, Menlo Park, Callo,
assignor 10
Stanford Research Institute, Mienlo Park,
surface layer which may be compounds such as CsSb,
Calif., a cor
CssBi, CagPb, Ba,Pb or compounds such as BaO, SrO,
peration oi California
5
CaO.
The thickness of this last metal film ranges from
Filed Nov. 13, 1962, Ser. No. 237,213
a fraction of a monolayer to several atomic or molecular
7 Claims.
(Cl. 313-346)
layers thick.
In order to cause this cathode to emit electrons from
This invention relates to a structure for cathodes which
may be employed with vacuum tube devices and more 10
the circular surface film 10 into a vacuum, it is necessary
to establish a field by applying a bias which renders the
particularly to improvements therein.
high work function metal 16 positive, with respect to the
An object of this invention is to provide a high effi-
low work function metal 12.
ciency cathode construction.
This bias is provided by
the potential source 20.
A complete tube results from
Another object of this invention is to provide a novel
incorporating the cathode into an evacuated enclosure
structure for a cathode, suitable for use with a vacuum
with a set of conventional vacuum tube electrodes, as will
be shown in FIGURE 3.
Still another object of the present invention is the pro-
FIGURE 2 is an energy diagram for the embodiment
vision of a cathode structure which requires less energy
of the invention.
The diagram is drawn for the operating
cause electron emission than
bias voltage applied.
The dotted line 22, represents the
Fermi level throughout the cathode.
The substantially
These and other objects of this invention may be
rectangular FIGURE 24 represents the band-gap region
achieved in a cathode structure comprised of four sec-
The barrier at the interface be-
A first of these sections comprises a metal having
tween metal 12 and semi-conductor 14 is low because
Contiguous with this metal is placed
metal 12 has a low work function.
a large band-gap semi-conductor having a thickness in the 25
terface between 14 and 16 is high because metal 16 is
range of 100 Angstroms to several microns. Contiguous
selected to have a work function which is high with re-
to the semi-conductor material is another metal which has
spect to the work function of metal 12.
The barrier height
a high work function compared to the low work function
at such an interface is equal to the difference between the
This metal constitutes a thin film in the range
work function of the metal and the electron affinity of
of 30 to 1000 Angstroms thick.
the semi-conductor or insulator, As an example, the elec-
there is deposited a surface layer of material which has a
tron affinity is typically about 3 volts. Then if the work
low work function.
This structure is then placed in a
function of the metal 12 is on the order of 3 volts, the
vacuum, and when the high work function metal is biased
barrier height is substantially zero, as represented in FIG-
positive relative to the low work function metal, elec-
URE 2. This permits electrons from the metal 12 to enter
trons are emitted from the low work function surface 35
the conduction band of the semi-conductor 14 readily.
layer into the vacuum.
The novel features that are considered characteristic
This may be illustrated by the respective paths 26, 28 of
of this invention are set forth with particularity in the
the electrons A and B, when the metal 16 is biased posi-
tive relative to the metal 12.
appended claims.
The invention itself, both as to its or-
ganization and method of operation, as well as additional 40
Electrons entering the metal 16 (such as typical ones
objects and advantages thereof, will best be understood
A and B) are hot electrons because of the high barrier at
from the following description when read in connection
the interface between metals 14 and 16. This barrier
with the accompanying drawings, in which:
height might typically be 1½ to 2 volts, depending on the
FIGURE 1 is a cross sectional view of the embodiment
work functions of the metals 16.
For example, if the
work function of the metal 16 is five volts then the barrier
FIGURE 2 is an energy diagram of an embodiment of
is 5 minus 3 equal 2 volts high.
the invention.
The hot electrons may penetrate the thin metal film 16
FIGURE 3 is a circuit diagram showing the embodi-
and reach the surface and escape into the vacuum such
ment of the invention in a vacuum tube.
as electron A. However, some of the hot electrons, such
Reference is now made to FIGURE 1 of the drawings,
as electron B, may lose energy in the film 16 before reach-
which is a cross-sectional view along the lines 1—1 of
ing the surface.
These electrons cannot be emitted into
the circular configuration 10 of the embodiment of the
the vacuum but must be drained of by the cathode bias
This configuration is shown by way of ex-
voltage supply.
ample and should not be construed as a limitation upon
the invention which, can assume any desired shape.
The low work function treatment of the surface of
metal 16 by the surface layer 18 is necessary in order to
cathode comprises a first, or base portion 12 which is a
reduce the vacuum energy level below the barrier top at
metal having a low work function.
This may be indium,
the interface between semi-conductor 14 and metal 16.
by way of example.
The dimensions of this base portion
Without the surface layer 18 the vacuum level would be
are not critical.
There is deposited upon the low work
higher than the barrier top and the vacuum emission would
function metal, either by vacuum evaporation or any
other desirable known technique, a material constituting
Depending upon the exact materials used for semi-con-
a large band-gap semi-conductor material 14.
be a material such as silicon, or cadmium sulphide or gal-
ductor 14 and metal 16, impurity doping may be found
lium arsenide, or any other band-gap semi-conductor ma-
desirable for best performance.
terial which has a band-gap of one electron volt or higher. 65
found desirable to make the semi-conductor material "n-
The thickness of this layer should preferably be in the
type" by doping with donors.
Similarly, if the layer 18 is
range between 100 Angstroms to several microns.
a semi-conductor or an insulator rather than a pure metal
There is deposited upon the semi-conductor material
such as cesium or barium, it may be found desirable to
a metal thin film 16 having a thickness in the range be-
make the layer 18 "n-type" by doping with donors.
tween 30 to 1000 Angstroms.
This metal is selected to yo should be seen from FIGURE 2, that successful vacuum
have a high work function and may be one of the metals
emission requires that the bias voltage
"y" be large
selected from platinum, molybdenum, gold, etc. Surface
enough so that qu is approximately equal to or greater

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 4086, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,150,283
than the work function of the layer 18. (g is the charge
has a low work function relative to said first metal sec-
FIGURE 3 illustrates an application of the cathode.
30, constructed in accordance with
tion, is mounted on a metal support 32 which
good electrical and thermal contact to the outside of the
vacuum envelope 34. Losses of the cathode (as from elec-
tron B in FIGURE 2) tend to heat the cathode, and it is
desirable to carry this heat away in order to minimize
the cathode temperature.
This is the function which is
served by the metal support 32. For some applications,
low noise for example, it may even be desirable to re-
the cathode by means of the metal support.
Also inside the envelope 34 is a grid electrode 36 and
an anode 38 as in conventional triodes.
The circuit is shown connected as a conventional triode
amplifier with a grid bias battery 40, an anode bias bat-
tery 42, a load resistor 46 connected in series with the
and the battery 42, and a source of signals 48
which is connected between the grid bias battery and
A potential source 50 is connected to make the
high work function metal layer of the cathode 30 positive
with respect to the low work function portion of the
2. A cathode structure comprising a first metal layer
section, a contiguous layer of a large band-gap semi-con-
ductor material which ranges in thickness between
Angstroms to several microns, a metal thin film contiguous
to said semi-conductor layer, said thin film having a thick-
ness of between 30 to 1000 Angstroms, said thin film being
selected to provide a work function which is high com-
10 pared to the work function of said metal section, and a
surface layer covering said metal film, said surface layer
ranging in thickness from a monolayer to several molecu-
lar layers thick, said surface layer material being selected
to have a work function which is low when compared to
the work function of said first metal section.
3. A cathode structure as recited in claim 2 wherein
said first metal section is made of indium.
4. A cathode structure as recited in claim 2 wherein
the semi-conductor material which is employed is selected
20 to have a band-gap of one electron volt or higher; and is
selected from a group consisting of silicon, cadmium
sulphide, aluminum arsenide, stannous aluminum, GaN,
Gal, gallium arsenide.
5. A cathode structure as recited in claim 2, wherein
The cathode is extremely efficient since it does not re- 25 said high work function metal layer is selected to be one
quire power for heating a filament in order to emit elec-
of the group consisting of platinum, W, molybdenum,
trons, but rather requires that the heat which is developed
within the cathode be carried away.
The potential source
6. A cathode structure as recited in claim 2 wherein said
50 does not have to provide a large current but only a
surface layer material is selected to be one of the group
biasing potential for establishing a field as described pre- 30 consisting of CsSb, CBi, CazPb, BazPb, cesium, barium,
barium oxide, calcium oxide, SrO
There has accordingly been described and shown herein
7. A cathode structure comprising a base of indiun,
useful, unique and efficient arrangement for a
a layer of semi-conductor material deposited on said base,
said semi-conductor material being selected to have a
35 band-gap of at least one electron volt, a thin metal film
1. A cathode structure comprising a first metal section,
a contiguous large band-gap semi-conductor section, a sec-
ond metal section contiguous to said semi-conductor sec-
tion, and a surface layer for said second metal section,
the metal of said first section being selected to have a low
work function relative to the metal of said third section,
said surface layer being selected to be a material which
deposited on said semi-conductor layer, said thin metal
film being selected to have a work function which is
greater than that of indium, and a surface layer deposited
on said thin film, said surface layer being selected to have
40 a work function which is lower than that of indium.
