{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T01:43:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4045601, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125221-cejka-tesla-from-science-1958.pdf", "source_sha256": "36fb7b01bd996154b0b521d3deec0b0bc0c5187286ecb81d23d25c3acc9c2404"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4945, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16 May 1958, Volume 127, Number 3307
SCIENCE
Nikola Tesla
Electricity today is generated, transmitted, and con-
verted to mechanical power by means of his inventions.
Kenneth M. Swezey
At the stroke of midnight between the
9th and 10th of July, 1856, a son,
Nikola, was born by candlelight to the
Rev. Milutin and Djouka Tesla, in the
tiny village of Smiljan, Lika, now part
of Yugoslavia (Fig.
1). The child's
father was pastor of the local Serbian
Orthodox church; his mother, though an
accomplished needleworker and inventor
of household devices, could neither read
nor write. From this humble and seem-
ingly unpropicious beginning, Nikola
Tesla, driven by some strange, compul-
sive genius, grew to become a discoverer
and inventor whose contributions were,
within his lifetime, to change the life and
industry of the whole world.
Mention any of today's applications
of electricity-and even some not yet
fully developed-and the chances
good that Tesa had a hand in their con-
cept and eary development. In an in-
credible flight of achievement, beginning
in the early 1880'% and racing on for
more than two decades, Tesla made basic
discoveries and inventions in radio, the
wireless control of boats and corpedoes,
high-frequency induction heating.
elec-
trotherapeuties, gaseous tube and fluo-
rescent lighting, electric clocks, x-ray
equipment and techniques, and even
rudimentary electric "brains."
Before
Marconi had flashed his first feeble "S"
across the Atlantic, Tesla had already
announced plans for a "World Wire-
less" system which would not only in-
clude point-to-point communication but
the broadcasting of speech, music, time,
and pictures. Tesla's induccion motor
and related polyphase system for the gen-
cration, transmission, and utilization of
electric power made possible the first har-
nessing
of Niagara Falls and laid the
foundations for the whole modern elec-
tric
power industry.
the commission,
at its meeting
• in
Munich, 29 June-7 July, had recognized
Tesla's fundamental contributions in the
field of electricity by adopring the name
"Teala" for the unit of magnetic fus
density in the meter-kilogram-second or
Giorgi system,
Although Tesla was born a Serb, br
came to America in his late twenties and
soon became one of our greatest Amir-
icans-by-adoption, Among the American
celebrations of his centennial, one of the
most important was that of the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers, which
dedicated to Tesla its Fall General
Meeting in Chicagn, 1-5 Oct. 1956.
Apparatus, photographs, and reminis-
cences were presented ar this meeting,
and Samuel G. Hibben, pasr president of
the Illuminating Engineering Society,
demonstrated how Tesla's gaseous-tube
lighting experiments of the 1890's helped
blaze the way for some of the latest de-
velopments of today in the field of light-
ing. Hibben repeated this demonstration
on 15 May 1957 at a commemoration
sponsored by the Franklin Institute of
Philadelphia, where Tesla in 1893 had
given one of his most famous lectures
Other memorials were arranged by the
Institute of Radio Engineers and the
Niagara Falls International Section of
the American Institute of Electrical
Engineers.
One of the chief objectives of these
programs was to sift truth from legend
and to set down, evaluate, and publicize
some of the great coccrete contributions
Tesla has made to science and engineer-
ing.
Mr. Swercy,
• science and engineering
writer
who resides at 163 Milton Bercet, Brooklyn, N.V.,
was a close personal friend of Tesla.
16 MAY 1958
Tesla Centennial Celebrations
On 10 July 1956—the 100th anniver-
sary of Nikola Tesla's birth-scientists
and engineers from all over the world
met in Belgrade, Yugoslavia, to pay
homage to the memory of this grent
pathfinder. Convoked under the auspices
of the National Yugoslav Tesla Com-
mittee, the Society for the Promotion
and Advancement, of Science and Tech-
nology, "Nikola Tesla," and the Nikola
Tesia Museum (Fig. 2) of Belgrade, this
celebration marked the beginning of a
year of commemorative programs in
Europe and America.
Niels Bohr of Denmark, Sir Arthur
Fleming of England, Fredrik Dahlgren
of Sweden, and Carl C. Chambers of
the United States were among the more
than a hundred distinguished guests.
Richard C. Sogge, delegate of the Amer-
ican Institute of Electrical Engineers,
presented a citation to the Tesla Com-
mittee from that institute, Proudent
Dunsheath of the International Electro-
technical Commission brought word that
Tesla's Greatest Contribution
To chose who know of Tesla chiefly
through association of his name with the
"Tesla coil," it may come as a surprise
to learn that his greatest contribution
was not this popular device for making
high-frequency, high-voltage demonstra-
tons but his discovery of the rotating
magnetic field and his brilliant adapta-
tion of it to the induction motor and the
polyphase system for the generation,
transmission, distribution, and use of
1147

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 900, "chars": 5609, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rectric power. It was chis motor and
system that was instrumental in chang-
ing the era of local electric lighting and
a steam engine in every factory to the
present age of electric light and power
everywhere. Today, practically all the
electricity in the world-more than 1500
billion kilowatt-hours in 1957—is gener-
ated, transmitted, and curned back into
mechanical power by means of chese in-
ventions.
The story of Tesla's @poch-making
motor and system begins in 1878, during
his engineering training at the Polytech-
nic School at Graz, Austria. Although his
father and mother wanted him to become
a clergyman, Tesla had begun early to
lean toward machematics and physics.
Demonstrations of mechanical and elec-
trical apparatus in the elementary schools
in Smiljan and Gospić, and in the
higher Real Gymnasium in Karlovac,
fanned his interest. During convalescence
from a nearly fatal attack of cholera,
Tesla finaily prevailed upon his father
to send him to the school at Graz, one
of the oldest technical institutions in
Europe.
One day Professor Poeschl—Tesla's
reacher in theoretical and experimental
physics—was demonstrating, before his
class, a Gramme direct-current dynamo
which had just been received from Paris,
running it as a motor. Observing a lively
sparking at the commutator and brushes,
Tesla ventured to remark that somehow
a motor might be invented chat would
not need brushes (7). Such heresy was
too much for Poeschi. Likening the idea
to that of a perpetual-motion machine,
he proceeded to entertain the class and
embarrass Tesla by explaining in detail
why such a motor would be an impos-
At first impressed by Poeschl's argu-
ments, Tesla soon fell back on his own
intuition. Through the remaining term
he struggled with the problem, designing
and redesigning all sorts of direct-current
and alternating-current machines in his
imagination. In 1880, he transferred to
the University of Prague, in Bohemia,
and the next year he took a position as
chief electrician with the newly formed
telephone company in Budapes, Hun-
gary. By this time, the problem of de-
signing a brushless, commutatorless mo-
cor had become an obsession. Back in the
deeper recesses of his mind Tesla felt
thar a solution was forming, but he could
not give it outward expresion.
Late one afternoon in February, 1882,
the answer came (I). Teala was walking
with a friend, Stigety, through the City
1148
Park of Budapest, reciting stanzas Iron:
Goethe's Faust, which he knew by heart,
Suddenly the solution he had been seek-
ing flashed through his mind. He saw
cleatly an iron rotor spinning rapidly in
an electric whirlwind—a rotating mag-
netic field produced by the interaction
of two alternating currents out of step
with each other, With a stick, Tesla drew
diagrams on the sand, explaining in de-
rail to Saigety the principle of the induc-
tion motor Tesla was to patent in Amer-
ica six years later!
From early childhood Tesla could vis-
ualize so clearly that be often had diffi-
culry in discinguishing real objects from
their counterparts in his imagination.
This ability, often annoying and even
frightening in ordinary life, Tesla used
advantageously in inventing. By means
of it he could, for instance, assemble
and reassemble mechanical parts, alter
sizes, weights, and materials entirely in
his mind, and end up by building a
model that would generally work exactly
as he had conceived it (2).
Elated by his discovery in the park.
Tela began to picture in his mind actual
machines that would make use of the
principle. Within two months he had
evolved practically all the types of mo-
tors and modifications of a system to run
chem that later became associated with
his name.
Finishing his work with the telephone
company, Tesla joined the Continental
Edison Company in Paris, where he re-
designed dynamos, developed automatic
regulators, and also acted as general
trouble shooter in power atations through-
out France and
Germany, While in
Strasburg, during the summer of 1883,
he experienced the joy of building his
first actual induction motor and seeing
it run. Unable to interest anyone in
Europe in promoting this radical device,
he finally accepted the offer of an oppor-
cunity to work for Thomas Edison in
Tosla arrived in New York in June
1884 with four cents in his pocket, a
book of poetry, designs for a flying ma-
chine, and a headful of ideas. His first
job was with the Edison Machine Worles,
which built dynamos for the Edison
Light Company, where he designed 24
direct-current dynamos with short field
pole pieces to replace original machines
of the long-pole Edison type. The basic
salary was sid a week, but a bonus of
$50,000 on the completion of the task
promised him by the manager, atimu-
lated Teila to work from 10:30 A.м.
until 5:00 the next morning, seven days
a week. At the end of a year, the work
finished, he asked for his pay—only to
find that he had been the butt of a
practical joke! Tesla quit promptly (3).
Tesla's next backers —having no more
use for his newlangled motor and the
complex alternating-current
Nystem
needed to run it than had Edison or the
European experts-prevailed upon him
to form a company to develop a new sys-
tem of are lighting, the sype of electric
illumination then popular for large pub-
lic buildings and city streets. But at the
end of another year, his work again com-
Fig- 1. Nikola Tesla's birthplace at Smiljan, Lika, Croatia. At the time of his birth this
province was governed by Austria-Hungary but is now part of Yugoslavia. At che right
is the church in which Nikola's father conducted services
SCIENCE, VOL. 127

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 892, "chars": 5618, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pleted, he found himself richer only by
a stock rertificate of questionable value.
By April 1887, however, Terla hard se-
cured rapital to establish a laboratory
im schich he could build working models.
in practical sizes of the motors he had
previnusly devised mentally. One by one,
lie transformed carlier visions inse amar-
ing machine of copper and imp-ach
manda working in practior jest as he had
Espected it 10.
et the operation of the Teala mators ap-
peared in a leccer from William A. An-
thony to Dugald C. Jackson (4). An-
thony, who had established a course in
dectrical engineering at Cornell Uni-
versity a few years earlier, had made a
eries of tests on the Tea motors as
consulting engineer for the Mather Eler-
tric Company of Mancherrer, Conneer-
cut. Jockson was later to beeome head
of the electrical engineering department
of Massachusets Institute of Technology.
The lecter reads: "My dear Jackson:
1 wrote you a while ago that I had seen
a system of alterating current motors
in N.Y. that promised great things. I was
called as an expert and was shown the
machines under pledge of secrecy as ap
plications were still in the Patent Office.
... I have seen such an armature weigh-
ing 12 pounds running at 3,000, when
der of the Cac) circuits was suddenly
reverend, revere its rotation so suddenly
that I could hardly see what did ic. In
all this you understand there is no corn-
mutator. The armatures have no con•
nection with anything outside. ..:
"li was a wonderful result to me. Of
course it means two separate circuits to
motor from generator and is not appli-
cable to existing systems, But in the form
of motor I first described, there is ab-
solutely nothing bke a commutator, the
two faci chasing each other round the
field do it all. There is nothing to weat
exerpt the two bearings. ent
As Anthony's letter suggests, the sum
of Tesla's conception was not merely a
urw motor that could be operaced from
an existing system: it was a unique sys.
tem for the generation, transmission, and
utilization of electric power, of which his
motor formed but a part. The system
started with an alterna ine-current gon-
erator having winding which prodiced
two. three, or more separate alternating
Purrents that followed each other. out of
step or phase, as the rotor revolved. By
leadin these
"multiphase" or "poly-
phase* currents, kepr always separate,
in windings
distributed symmetrically
around the stator of a motor, a rotating
16 MAY 1938
Fig 2. The Nikola Tesla Museum in Belgrade, where Tesla's personal popers apparatus.
and other belongings are now permanently housed.
magnetic held was created in the stater
which reproduced exactly the magnetic
conditions in the generator,
Properly designed rotors placed in this
field were whirled by it to produce me-
chanical power. Using an unwound rotor
of iron or steel, Tesla obtained a motor
which had a low starting morgue hur
which kept in exact step with the rota-
tions of the field, regardless of load: this
was the first polyphase synchronous
motor, Using a rotor wound with coil
of wire closed on themselves, Testa pro-
duced a second type of motor which de-
veloped a high torque in scaring, built
up speed almost to sochronism with the
field, and maintained this speed under
widely varying loads, As rotation in the
latter motor was due to the interaction
between the magnetism indaced in thn
rotor coils and the rotating magnetic
field which produced it, this motor be-
came known as the polyphase "inductien
motor."
In October 1887, Tesla began sending
applications to the L.S, Patent Offer
covering a comprehensier system of mo-
tors, generators, transformers, and meth-
ods—all in an amazing variety of com-
binations—for the transmission of electric
power by the joint use of two or more
alternating currents. On 1 May 1888 he
was granted his first set of history-mak-
ing patents.
Fifteen days later, at the ureing of
Anthony and T. Commerford Marcin.
Tesla publicly introduced his motors and
system in a classic paper, "A new system
of alternate current mators and trans
formers," which he delivered before the
Merican bstitute of Elecial bangi-
neers and which was later printer in it-
Transactions (5). Obe of or model
motors Tesla demonstrated a this lea
ture is shown in Fig. 3.
To better appreciate the part these in-
ventions were soon to play in regalucion-
izing the electrical indusirs, we must
recall the condition of that industr at
the time of their introduction. To all the
United States there were several thon-
sand central stations operatine by means
of over twenty different
"stems"
combinations of circuits and equipmen
usually centering around an incotion
or group of inventions and named afer
the invemor or manufactune.
The high-voltoge ditertemem
tems of Charles Brush and others sap-
plied current to are lampe strung in
series for street lighting but could on
effectively run lamps or moms. Edium's
low-voltage direct-curren system lir in
candescent lights in densely populate
arens in big cities but, because the rose
of transmission rose so steph with dis
tance. could not mach out more than a
few blocks from the generating station.
By means of transformers which sepper
up the voltage for economical transmis
sion and then down again for ice, the
single-phase altering current spoons
of Westinehouse and Thomson-Ileusing
made incandescent lighting an a distance
feasible, bat there was no satisfactors
alternating-current motor.
In other words, there were many mall
generating stacions, each desioned for a
specife use, but none ahle to supply dev-
tricity in large amounts for all uses. Alu.
1149

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3719, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The second hint came from America.
Spurred by the success of the Lauffen-
Frankfort transmission, by that of sev-
cral smaller polyphase installations made
by his own engineers, and by the hape of
getting the Niagara contract, Westing-
house became enthusiastic about poly-
phase power and felt than his grand
chance to introduce it would be at the
1893 Chicago World's Fair.
By underbidding Edison, Westinghouse
won the contract to light this great es-
position-the first world's fair to be lit
by electricity-and proceeded to do so
by means of the Tesla system, Because
there were no large polyphase genera-
tors yet in existence, he improvised 12
1000-horsepower co-phase generacors by
coupling 24 500-harsepower single-phase
generators in pairs in such a way that
their circuits were 90 degrees out of
phase. As an extra feature, he also dem-
onstrated the first complete polyphase
system ever assembled in units of com-
mercial size, In this, current from a two-
phase generator was stepped up by a
transformer, sent over n short transmis-
sion line, stepped down again by trans-
formers, and used as two-phase current
to run induction and synchronous mo-
tors and as single-phase curren to light
Tamps and run split-phase motors. To
show the complete adaptability of the
system, he demonstrated how a rotary
converter could change polyphase alter-
nating current to direct current for run-
ning a railway mator.
The Lauffen-Frankfort transmission
had proved to the scientific advisers of
the Niagara project that polyphase
power could be sent economically over
any discance commercially desirable.
The World's Fair exhibit demonstrated
further that it could be used to supply
all electrical needs. In October 1893—
just five years and five months after the
issuance of the basic Tesla patents—a
contract was signed with the Westing-
house Company to build the first twn
Ningara generators, of 5000 horsepower
rach.
In April 1895 the first generator began
turning (Fig. 4,. In Auçust, electricity
16 MAY 1958
Fig. 4. The first three 5000 hersepower generators of the Ted polyphase system in-
stalled at Niagara Falls in 1895 and 1896, Later rebuilt to operase at higher voltage and
as three-phase instead of two-phase generators, they are still in operation and produce
the same kind of current as atomic-energy electric plants of today,
was delivered to the firse customer-the
Pittsburgh Reduction Company, cow the
Aluminum Company of America, Before
the end of 1890, a 22-mile transmission
line carried Niagara power to operate
the lights and streetcars of Buffalo.
Almost overnight, the Niagara plant
became the electrical wonder of the
world. Soon, seven more generacors were
ordered from Westinghouse to complece
Power House Number One, Original
plans for transmitting power from Power
House Number Two by means of com-
pressed air were abandoned, and 11
mote generators to complement this sa-
tion were ordered from the General
Electric Company. In 1896, the New
York Edison Company began to expand
the range and usefulness of its direct-
current system by toeans of polyphase
transmission between scations, and sey-
cral years later it adopted the Tesla sys-
tea for all new stations. By the time the
Niagara plant was completed, in 1903,
all new generaring stations in the United
States were being founded around the
Tesla inventions Fig. 5). The age of
modern electric power had begun.
Besides lichting homes and streets,
running trolley cars, and replacing steam
KANCHED FR
THE MINAR FAILS POWER CO
Fig. 5, A recent photograph of the nameplace of one of the earliest generators at the first
great Niagara Falls plant. Nine of Tesla's patents are listed. [Courtesy of the Niagara
Mohawk Power Corp.]
1151

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 823, "chars": 5338, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fig. S. One of the original induction motors demonstrated by Toila in his historic lectur
belope the American Institute of Electrical Emaineris at Columbia University, 16 May
1BHB. This machine developed about \ horsepower, "Courtesy of the Nikoln Tes
Museum, Belgradel
plectricio vas ased almond eclosiery
for lighring, dillondies with
eXISTINE
more and transmission svsterns making
the widespread use of motors impracti-
cable.
Georgy besinglass,
who Had
founded his electrical busine two years
before, largely on the single-phase alter-
nating-current patents of Lucien Cial-
and and John Gibhs. pioneer inventors
nE transformers and alternating current
distribution in Europe, immediately saw
in Tesla's motor a means for breaking
through this dead end. Within
twn
months after Tesla's lecture before the
American Insticute of Electrical Engi-
neers, Westinghouse had acquired rights
in the Teda patens and Teala's personal
services in help develop the patents inte
commercial equipment.
The great hope of Westinghouse was
ilac the Teda motor could he adapted
in esisting single-phase cirruits, in which
ince of his company's capital was fel
up. Al the time, Westingiouse had
neither the money nor the interest co
try to introdure a radical system which
would require completely now ernmat-
ing and transmission equipment.
Tesla helped out by devising several
types of "split-phase"
motors-induction
motors with windings which so divided
i sincle-phase current that in did the
work of tun. Bit even these motore
alich lave since become universally
ased about the shop and home for per-
feting chores thur renuine fractional
1150
horseower-refused to work efficiently
on the
133-cycle current then in use,
After several years of failure in trying to
adapt the motor to the existing fre-
quency, Westinghouse engineers finally
chanced the central-station frequency to
suit the motor! The frequency they de-
cided on—Tow enough to run the motor
efficiently yer high enough to prevent
lights from fickering—was 60 cycles, the
frequency which has since become sand-
ard for practically all light and power
production in America.
Polyphase System Harnesses
Niagara Power
The challenge which brought about
the widespread introduction of the true
polyphase system was the first largo-scale
hamessing of Niagara Falls In 1836, a
charter had been abeined to utilize
alout 120,000 horsepower of Niagari's
might for purposes of industry, One of
the first schemes for accomplishing this
involved the formation of an industril
community several hundred vards wide
and extending for a mile and a half along
the Niagara River. Mills and faccories
within this area were to be directly con-
nected to 238 water wheels of 500 horse-
power each; the water from these would
discharge into a tunnel about cwo and a
half miles long, emptying below der
Calls.
The impracticability of such a scheme
soon became eident. For one dong, it
Would cost too much to build the no, ps-
sary canals and hydroelertric equipment.
For mother, how could a rite of Febo
population per hope to start cooneli
indastry in absurd mete power chan wo-
then used in alf the mills and Detoces
in Minneapolis Holvoke, Toscoll. Tam-
neer, Colors and Debbton combined!
In wilize so moch power effectively. a
means would long to lo foond to mom-
mit the ponce began Nagara possibly
Haping to enlist the world's lost peei
bering talent and cost, the losterna
teral Niagara Commision, beaded In
Sir Willie Themen son to become
Lord Kelvin was tablished in London
in 1H90 an ambarized mo effer S22000
in prizes for the beat ideas for carrying
pat the undertaking, This commission.
which Tacluded Calmen Soller of
Philadelphia. F. Mascart of Paris, Then-
dore Tarrettini of Cheneva, and W. C
Unwin of London, was probably the first
notable international group of scientists
organixed for industrial purposes, Seven-
teen projects were submitted by 90 rep-
tesentatives of six emuntries.
Among these projects were plans for
iransmitting power from water wheek to
mills by means of manila and wire ropes,
by water preware conveyed through pipes
1o distant turbines, aned by compresed
air. Offhog whin advocated transmission
by elestricity, only two favored use of
alcernating current. Edison and Kelvin
(who were not competing for prizes, ad-
vocated the not of direct current, their
plan being to connect a momber of di-
tect-current dynamos in series to build
up a high voltage for transmission and
then to disribute this voltage at the
receiving end ly means of motors alo
connected in series Believing that no
method of electrical cransmission teas
yet ready for such a great undertaking.
Grorge Westinghouse privately recom-
rended that power he grnerated as com-
pressed air: this would then be piped to
Buflalo in run existing steam engines.
Having found none of thee projers
worthy of tine prize, the commission was
dishanded in F-bruary 1891.
The firse hint that the Tea polyphas
system might be the answer to the grent-
est of engineering problems of the dar
came from Europe in Aneust of that
same year, C, E. L. Brown, electrical di-
rector of the Maschinenfahrik Oerlikon
in Switzerland, and Micharl von Dolivo-
Dobrowels of the Milecrime Elec-
trizitats Grelschaft in Berlin, lad been
investigating the capabilitios of poly-
phase graccanes, camor and transmis
SCIENCE, VOL 127

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 790, "chars": 5291, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
engines in mills and factories, the new
power from Ningara, provided cheaply in
previously unheard-of quantities, helped
inaugurate great new electrometallurgi-
cal and clectrochemical industries. Ten
kilowatt-hours of electricity, for exam-
ple, are required in the making of every
pound of aluminum. Before power from
Niagara was available, Charles Martin
Hall could not get enough electricity
cheaply enough to make his aluminum
process i commercial success. Using
electric Turnace
operated by a steam-
driven generator,
E. G. Acheson had
failed in his attempt to produce carbo-
rundum. As the second
customer for
Ningara power, he was enabled to found
a giant artificial abrasives industry. Will-
son, the inventor of calcium carbide, had
been working at Spray, North Carolina,
with a 200-horsepower furnace. Furnaces
of 20,000 hensepower each were later set
up at Niagara. Wichin less than a gen-
eration, the largest electrochemical com-
munity in the world had been built up
around Niagara power.
Teala Patents Sustained by Courts
The moment Tesla's induction motor
and
polyphase system showed signs of
success, the usual costly and bicter patent
litigation, cries of anticipation by others,
and attempts at patent evasion began.
These lasted so long and became so in-
volved that many enginers never knew
the outcome, with the result that rumors
still persist that Tesla lost out to others
in this important field.
Calileo Ferraris of Turin, Italy, for
cxample, had in 1883 two months be-
fore the issuance of Tesla's first poly-
phase patents, but six months after his
application) published a paper entitled
"Electrodynamic rotations produced by
THE
NIAGARA FALLS
POWER CO
POWER HOUSE
GANAL
TURD NE
-0-00
POM REDUCTION GO
HIASANA LLECTRO CHEMICAL CO.
CARBIDE COMPANT
TUNNEL
C-CONVERTER OR
TRANSFONMER
#-ROTARY FOR RECEIV.
ING ALTERNATING AND
DCLIVERING DIRECT
CURRENT
Y-REGULATOR FOR
CHANGING VOLTAGE
-0000-
MATHIESON ALKALI CO.
11000 VOLTS J-PHASE
DIRECT CURRENT
SNO VOLTS
MOTORS REPLACE
ENGINES FOR DRIVING
•DYNAMOS FOR ARC AND
INCANDESCENT LIGHTING
ALTERNATING CURRENT
100 TO 290 VOLTS
DIRECT CURRENT
160 VOLTS
DIRECT CURRENT
125 TO 185 VOLTS
ALTERNATING CURRENT
100 VOLTS
DIRECT CURMENT
170 TO 230 VOLTS
ALTERNATING CURRENT
MOTORS IN VARIOUS
FACTORIES
INCANDESCENT LIGHTING IN
FACTORIES AND RESIOENCES
BUFFALO
DIRECT CURRENT
550 VOLTS
11000 VOLTS 1PHASE
Fig, o. Diagram of some of the circuits of the first Niagara Falls plant, as of 1897, show-
ing the versatility of the Tesla polyphase system. Originating as two-phase alternating
current at 2200 volts, the electricity was easily stepped up or down in voltage and changed
to single-phase or three-phase alternating current, or even to direct current, to suit the
individual needs ol customers. [Charles F. Scout]
1152
means of alternate currents." This con-
cerned laboratory
experiments he had
conducted in 1885 but had not publicly
echibited until three years later. In these,
Ferraris had caused a copper cylinder to
revolve in a rotating magnetic field pro-
daced by two alternating currents our of
phase with cach other. The two currents
were obtained from a single-phase cir-
cuit by bringing our two branches and
inserting a large inductance in series
with one and a noninductive resistance
in series with the other.
Although the principle of this device
was similar to that of Tesla's split-phase
motor, Ferraris had considered his con-
trivance merely a scientific toy which
was too inefficient ever to be practical as
a motor. He did not attempt to patent
the ides, and later he graciously
ad-
mitted that Tesla had independentiy
conceived the idea of the rotating mag-
netic field and had developed from it
a motor that far surpased in usefulness
anything he had personally believed
possible. He further gave Tesla complete
credit for the conception and invention
of the polyphase system itself—a system
which Ferraris had thought impractienl
because of the additional wiring
Te-
quired.
First reports to America on the Lauf-
len-to-Frankfort transmission gave credit
for the three-phase system to Dolivo-
Dobrowolsky, who had designed the mo-
tors used. C. E. I.. Brown, originator of
the project and designer of the genera-
tor, quickly explained, however, that this
transmission was not a test of three-phase
transmission but of high-voltage trans-
mission: that "the 3-phase current as ap-
plied at Frankfort is due to the labors of
Mr. Tesla, and will be found clearly
specified in his patents" (7).
Walter Baily, Marcel Deprez, and
Charles S. Bradley were among other in-
ventors claimed by rival manufacturers
to have anticipated Tesla, In an attempt
to evade the Tesia patents, Steinmen
helped create for the General Electric
Company what was called the "mono-
cyclic" system. For electrie lighting, this
system supplied single-phase alternating
current by means of two wires; where
motors were to be run, a third wire car-
ried another alternating current which
operated momentarily to give the motors
a sari, Holding this sstem to be an in-
fringement, Westinghouse prepared to
sue its binger rival. In 1896, however,
Genrral Electric settled the issur of giv-
ing Westinghouse rights to valuable Edi-
son, Van Depoele, and other patents in
exchange for the use of the Tesla patents.
SCIENCE, VOL. I27

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 832, "chars": 5342, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The monocyclic aystem was forthwith
abandoned, and on the issue never went
to trial.
Had the case been tried, however, the
promoters of this unbalanced polyphase
system would undoubtedly have lost, as
did all the other contenders in a long
series of suits which extended over many
years. Not only the polyphase induction
motor but the split-phase induction mo-
tor. the polyphase synchronous motor,
and the polyphase system for the cons-
mission ned distribution of electric power
were all held to be covered by the Tesla
parents.
In 1900 Judge Townsend of the L.S.
Circuit Court for the District of Con-
necticut concluded a sweeping decision
with these words:
"The search lights
shed by defendant's exhibits upon the
history of this art only serve to illumine
the inventive conception of Tesla. ... I:
was he who first showed how to trans-
form the toy of Arago (8) into an engine
of power; the "laboratory experiment' of
Baily into a practically successful motor:
the indicator into a driver; he first con-
ceived the idea that the very impedi-
ments of reversal in direccion, the contra-
dictions of alternations might be trans-
formed into power-producing rotations,
a whirling field of force. What others
looked upon only as invincible barriers,
impasable currents and contradictory
forees, he seized, and by harmonizing
their directions utilized in practical mo-
tors in distant cities the power of Ni-
agara."
Fig. 7. Today, single and polyphase induction motors and polyphase synchronous motors,
all originally covered by Tela's patents, ang built in sizes ranging from fractional horse-
power to the 83,000-horsepower giants constructed several years ago to power the wind
tunnels of the Arnold Engineering Development Center at Tullahoma, Tennessee, Shown
Bere is the 72-ton stator of one of these machines, [Courtesy of Westinghouse Elestric
Corp.)
Advantages of Polyphase Power
The polyphase induction motor, so
benutiful in its basic principle and so
simple in its mechanical construction,
carly proved itself to be not merely a
new cype of motor but one superior in
all ways to the direct-current motor for
апу
USC
requiring constant peed
and
considerable power. Its insularion and
windings were simpler; there were no
brushes and commutator to wear; and it
could be designed for greater efficiency.
As a result, the polyphase induction mo-
tor was cheaper to build and operate,
was more rugged, and could be designed
in larger sizes and for much higher volt-
ager. It soon earned the title of the
"workhorse of industry."
At first the induction motor was re-
garded as Tesla's great achievement, and
the polyphase system was thought of by
many engineers as merely a more com-
plex generating arrangement necessary
16 MAY 1958
To run tae mocor. The Niagara plant
helped prove, however, chat the Tesla
polyphase system itself was even more
important than the motor it ran. It con:
stituted the first practical means by
which electricity of a single kind could
be generated in great blacks in one place,
transmicted economically over long dis-
tunces and used, for any purpose what-
ever, at another place. So far it has been
the last practical mcans of accomplish-
ing these results, for no substitute chat
can even approach it in economy and
versatility has ever been found.
Some idea of the versatility of the
polyphase system is suggested by a dia-
gram (Fig. 6) made by Charles F. Scott
in 1897, which shows a few of the uses of
Niagarn power ogly two years after such
power first became available (9). Elec-
cricity was generated as two-pause alter-
nating current at 2200 volts. It was dis-
tributed locally in this form
to run in-
duction motors and to turn rotary con-
verters which changed the two-phase
alternating current into direct current
for supplying streetcars and electrochem-
ical processes, Branches of single-phase
current were taken off for incandescent
lighting. By means of a transformer in-
vented by Scott, the two-phase current
was changed to three-phase current at
11,000 volts for economical cransmission
to Buttalo. According to Harold W.
Buck, who was chief electrical engineer
of the Niagara Falls Power Company
from 1900 to 1907, to have accomplished
the same end results with the direct cur-
TOnE
suggested by Kelvin and Edison
would have required a radiating cop-
per mine running out from Niagara Falls
which would have wrecked the enterprise
in the first year of its existence"* (/0).
Progress in electric power development
since the adoption of the Tea inven-
tions has been a matter chiefly of toch-
nical refinement and enormous expan-
sion. As late as 1902, the 80,000 kilo-
watts tumed our by the 21 5000 horse-
power generators at Niagar equaled the
clectrical output of 31 states and the ter.
ritories of Arizona and Oklahoma com-
bined. Today, electric atilitios of the
United States have a capacity for gon-
crating more than 125 million kilowatts.
with industry turning out some 17 mil
lion kilowatts more, Each of the giant
generators whirled by water power at
the Grand Coulee Dam now produces
more electricity than the entire orizinal
Niagara plant (which, incidentally,
is
still running strong!), and steam-driven
generators with a rating of 450,000 kilo-
watts are now being planned. Because
three-phase motors and generators can
he desigund for about 50-percent greater
1153

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1005, "chars": 6707, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
vatput than two-phase machines, on a
given frame, and because three-pause
current can be sent over three wires with
a saving of about 25 percent in copper
for a given power, this type of polyphase
current 1s now almost universally used.
Polyphase induction and synchronous
motors have becn stepped up in size from
the a-horsepower model shown by Toda
in 1888 to 83,000-horsepower mammoths
Fig. Tr used to speed air through the
great wind tunnel of the Amold Engi-
Heering Development Center near Tul-
lahoma, Tennessce-che most powerful
wind tunnel in the world, Transmission
voltages have risen from the 11,000 volts
of the original Ningara-Buffalo line to as
much as 330,000 volts, and experiments
are now being conducted with 500,000-
colt lines.
"Electric service," which be-
fore the inroduction of the polyphase
system meant are lights in streets and in-
candescent lamps in homes and business
establishmenes in thickly populated areas
al big cities, now means electric licht and
power for all purposes in 98 percent of
all buildings of America, In addition to
lighting, electricity now runs 97 million
radios, 39 million television sets, and 100
million miscellancous appliances, rang-
ing from toascers and percolators to
washing machines and air conditioners.
Within 25 years, the demand for elec-
fricity in the United States is expected
to quadruple.
One new use for dlectricity, completely
unforeseen at the turn of the contury, is
in the separating and making of mate-
rials for atomic- and nuclear-energy pro-
Plants of the Atomic Energy
Commission at Oak Ridge, Tennessee,
and Paducah, Kentucky, now require a
total of twice as much electricity (gen-
crated and transmitted as polyphase cur-
rent by plants of the Tennessee Valley
Authority) as the city of New York. Our
Atomic Energy Commission program
uses, altogether, more than 60 billion
kilowatt-hours of clectricity a year, or
about 1D percent of all the clectricity
used in this country.
However, the total contribution of
Tesla's induction motor and his poly-
phase system for the universal distribu-
tion of electric power, encompasses much
more than the tremendous growth of the
electrical industry which these inventions
made posible. To properly evaluate it,
we must consider the vast revolution in
industry, economy, and everyday living
which plentiful electric power, available
everywhere, has been instrumental
bringing about.
in
pressure. Tesla had an idea that the light
of the future might weil be a suitably
designed gar-filled tube energized by
high-frequency currents (Fig. dj.
Because the Herta apparatus was 100
fochle and inefficient and the spark coil
was too impractical and dangerous for
parposes of curryday lighting, Tosla first
Fad to devise entirely new recans for
producing dectricity of high frequency,
His carliest attempis resulted in a series
of ingenious high-frequency alternators
which could deliver frequencies up 1o
about 31,000 cycles a second. Besides
serving his own early researches, these
machines became the inspiration for the
grent high-frequency alternators devel
oped by others for continuous-wave ro-
dia communication several decades later
Fig. 8. Nikola Tesla holding a gas-filled,
phosphor-coated, wireless light-bulb which
he developed in the 1390's to replace the
incandescene lamp, which he considered
inefficient.
This light-bulb, made nearly
half a century before fluorescent lights
became commercially available, may still
provide some ideas for those who will de-
vise the lighting methods of the future.
1154
Tesla Explores High Frequencies
Tesla, elated by his success in creating
the induction motor and the first system
by which large quantities of electricity
could be sent over long distances, found
it hard to settle down to a job of work-
ing out mere technical improvements on
these discoveries, even though he had
been given a huge salary by Westing-
house Electric Company and a part in-
terest in the company as an inducement.
A year's experience at Westinghouse's
East Pittsburgh plant convinced him that
his inspiration worked best when he
worked untrammeled and alone. In 1889,
Tesla returned to his own laboratory in
New York to begin investigations on sev-
eral completely new frantiers of elec-
cricity and mechanics.
Most spectacular of these were his re-
searches in high-frequency phenomena;
these brought him world fame and con-
tributed enormously to such fields as ra-
die, diathermy, induction heating, gase-
our tube lighting, and radio-guided
weapons.
Tesla's first interest in currents of high
frequency was the result of his ambition
to develop an electrie light which would
be more efficient and adaptable than the
newly developed incandescent lamp of
Edison, Swan, and others. Hertz had re-
cently demonstrated that high-frequency
oscillationa could be produced by a eon-
denser discharge. Crookes had produced
fascinating glow effects by passing high
voltages from a spark coil through elass
tubes filled with various gases at low
voltage and high freqoency was the
oscillation transformer or "Tesla coil,"
an air-core transformer having the pri-
mary and secondary tuned to resonance.
With this device, Tesla was able to con-
vert the weak, highly damped oscillations
of the original Herte circuit to remark-
ably sustained currents of almost any
magnitude desired, Starting with trans-
formers which produced sparks only sey-
eral inches long, Tesla, in 1899, built a
Tesla coil at Colorado Springs which
hurled a bolt of artificial lightning across
• gop of 135 feet (Fig. 9). With charac-
teristic thoroughness, he designed more
than fifty types of oscillation transformer
during a period of ten years—coils with
cylindrical, conical, and flat windings,
coils with oil insulation and with air in-
sulation, coils with the primary encir-
cling the middle of the secondary, and
coils with the primary at one end, as in
the "Oudin coil."
To increase the efficiency of these
coils, Tesla developed rotary and series
spark gaps, oil-insulated transformers and
condensers, choke coils, and mica con-
densers impregnated with was under a
vacuum. Realizing that high-frequency
currents travel near the surface of con-
ductors, he cut down resistance in hir
coils by using stranded conductors hav-
ing the strands separately insulated, a
type of conductor that appeared com-
mercially some years later as Litzen-
draht.
By the turn of the century, a Tesa coil
for demonstrating high-voltage and high-
frequency phenomena find become part
of the equipment of probably every col-
lege science laboratory in America and
Europe, In 1929— before E. O. Lawrener
had introduced his cyclotron Gregory
Breit and his associates of the Carnegic
SCIENCE, VOL, 127

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 860, "chars": 5567, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Institution of Washington were using a
5-million-volt Tesla coil, which they had
designed and built, in pioneer attempts
to smash the atom.
The fame of the Tesla experiments
and apparatus was spread rapidly and
widely by a series of remarkable lecture.
demonstrations which Testa gave before
leading scientific societies; these lectures
were published and discussed in tech-
nical journals, and they were reprinted
in 1894 in Thomas Commerford Mar-
tin's book, Inventions, Researches, and
Writings of Nikola Teria (11).
In the firse of these,
"Experiments
with alternate currents of very high ire-
quency and their application to meth-
ods of artificial illumination," given be-
fore the American Institute of Electrical
Engineers at Columbia University, New
York, on 20 May 1891, Tesla noted that
the earlier laws of electricity held good
only when currents were of a steady char-
acter; that when current rapidly changed
in direction and strength, different laws
applied; and that enough knowledge
had been obcained to put these laws to
practical use. By means of his high-
frequency alternators and Tesla coil, he
then demonstrated some of the novel
effects produced by these new "Tesla
One effect concerned the rapid heat-
ing of iron cores and conductors when
brought within an intense high-frequency
field—pioneer observations which were
to lead Tesla and others to the applica-
tion of high-frequency currents in melt-
ing metals and heating body tissues, In
another demonstration, illustrating the
importance of capacitance in a high-ire-
quency circuit, he showed how motors
could be run and lights lit with only a
single terminal connected to the gen-
crator, the other being connected to an
insulated metal plate. In a third dem-
onscration he showed how gas-filled tubes,
some coated with phosphors to increase
their brilliance (forerunners of modern
fuorescent lights, which were not to
make their appearance until nearly half
a century later), could be lit without any
wire connection at all, merely by bring-
ing them within a high-frequency field.
The demonstration which caused the
greatest wonder and consternation, how-
ever, was that in which Tesla lit lamps,
held in his hands "like faming swords,"
by several hundred thousands of volts
of high-frequency electricity
passing
through his own body! Thus Teda dram-
atized his answer to the accusation
then circulating that alternating current
was more deadly than direct current:
provided the frequency were high
15 MAY 1950
Fig. 9. A flamelike discharge, 65 feet across, from a tuned helix crupled to the primary
of a giant oscillator built by Teala at Colorado Springs in 1899 is his attempt to send
power without wires by changing the elecuric charge of the earth. This oscillator was the
largest Teala coil ever built. Its true secondary, which could producr sparks 135 feet
long, can be seen in the background, surrounding the helis.
cnough, alternating current of enormous
voltage could be completely armless.
In 1892 Tesla delivered his second lee-
ture, before the Institution of Electrical
Engineers and the Royal Institution of
Great Britain, in London, and the So-
ciétê Internationale Française des Elec-
triciens and the Sociéte Française de
Physique, in Paris, and in 1893 he deliv-
cred his third, before the Franklin Insti-
tute in Philadelphia and the Nations!
Electric Light Association in St. Louis.
In these later lectures, Tesla not only dis-
cussed the lighting, heating, and reso-
nance effects of high-frequency currents
but suggested that communication could
be made by means of them; he deman-
strated (in his lecture of 1893) actual
circuits and apparatus remarkably simi-
lar to those which were adopted subse-
quently by other inventors and which
beeame standard for all wireless trans-
mission until the introduction of the
transmitring electron tube, several dee-
ades later (see Fig. 10).
First Radio-Controlled Weapon
Soon after beginning his researches
on high-frequency
currents, Tesla be-
came interested in a new field of science
which he named
"relautomaties" and
which we now call "automation"-the
design and operation of electromechani-
cal devices which could "think for them-
selves" and also the control of such
devices from a distance without inter-
vening wires, The idea had struck him
after study of his own reactions to ex-
ternal influences, and he had come to
regard himseif as a sort of mechanism
of flesh and blood. Why could he not
construct an automaton possessed of
sense organs, nerves, refleses, and mus-
cles which would respond much as he
did to stimuli from outaide? Using in-
tricue combinations of commutators,
gears, ratchets,
electromagnets, tuning
devices, and coherers of his own inven-
tion, Tesla set out to achieve this end.
By 1895 he had already exhibited con-
trivances which performed simple move.
ments under wireless control and had
perfected plans for constructing neveral
complete telautomata. In 1807 he built
and operated two model boats which
could be started, stoppod, steered, and
made to flash lights and fire explosives
by means of radio impulses from a dis-
tance (Fig. 11) and the following year
Tesla was granted a patent on this inven-
tion.
According to the patent's broad speci-
fications, Tesla's device could be used to
control "boat, balloon, or carriage"; it
could be operated by direct conduction
through earth and water or by any form
of electromagnetic radiation through the
air; it could be used "for killing whales
and for other reientific, engineering, or
commercial purposes. But its greatest
153

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 982, "chars": 6298, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
part of a gigantic oscillator, Convinced
that this was possible by the results of
his experiments at Colorado Springs in
1800 and 1900, he began construction of
his first demonstration plant ac Shore-
ham, Long Island, a Few years later, Al-
tough Tela ran out of funds before be
could complete this plant, he outlined
• "World Wireles" plan which was to
be a aubsidiary project; this anticipated
not only the radio broadensting of 20
years later bet many of the speeinl serv-
ices that have been added since, and even
a few that are still in the future.
Besides proposing to run and sychro-
nize the clocks of the world by radio,
Tea included in this plan "the inter-
connection and operation of all the tele-
phone exchanges on the Globe; the world
transmission of typed or hand-written
charneters, letters, cheeks, ete.; the in-
auguration of a system of world print-
ingi the world reproduction of pho-
tographic pictures
and all kinds of
drawings or records." Outlining his idea
of broadcasting, Tesla continued: "I
have no doubt that it will prove very
efficient in enlightening the masses, par-
ticularly in still uncivilized countries and
less accessible regions, and that it will
add materially to general safety, com-
fort and convenience, and maintenance
of peaceful relations. It involves the em-
ployment of a number of plants, all of
which are capable of transmitting in-
dividualized signals to the uttermost con-
fines of the carth. Each of them will be
flashed to all points of the globe. A cheap
and simple device, which might be car-
ried in one's pocket, may then be set up
somewhere on sea or land, and it will
record the world's news or such special
mosages as may be intended for it."
His Work an Inspiration to Others
Beyond demonstrating his own achieve-
ments as a discoverer and inventor,
Tesla's lectures and writings of the
1390's aroused wide admiration among
older contemporaries and inspired un-
told numhers of younger men to enter
the new fields of radio and electrical
science. In some cases this influence has
arcady been acknowledged in print. It
is even more apparent in personal letters
from more than seventy pioneers in sci-
ence and engineering which I collected
on the occasion of Tesla's 75ch birthday,
in 1931. These were mounted and pre-
sented to Tesla in the form of a testi-
monini volume, now on permanent dis-
16 MAY 1958
play in the Nikola Tesla Museum in
Belgrade.
Millikan, Lee DeForest,
William H.
Bragg. E. N. daC, Andrade, E. V. Apple-
ton, Arthur H. Compton, J. B. White-
head, B. A. Behrend, André Blondel,
Count George von Arco, Jonathan Zen-
neck, L. W. Auscin, Addams S. McAl-
lister, and W. F. G. Swann.
During his long life, Terla accepted
many conventional honors and turned
down others. In 1894 he was given hon-
orary doctoral degrees by Columbia
and Yale Universities and the Elliott
Cresson medal by the Franklin Institute.
In 1917 the American Institute of Elec-
trical Engineers awarded Tesla the Edi-
son medal, and in 1934 the city of Phila-
delphia awarded him the John Scout
medal, for his polyphase power system.
He had many engineering and scientific
society affiliations-was an honorary
member of the National Electric Light
Association and a fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of Sci-
ence. In May 1938, as a foreign-born
citizen "whose influence is national and
international in scope, constructive in
character, and purposeful in objective,"
anu late Tele
Tesla, along with Giovanni Martinelli
and Justice Felix Frankfurter,
WAs
awarded a scroll of honor by the Na-
cional Institute of Immigrant Welfare:
Hypersensitive, aloof from other sci-
entists of his day, driven by inner forces
which made sheer creation the most im-
portant thing in his life (Fig. 12), Tesla
was little impressed by degrees, serolls,
and decorations. He claimed that al-
though he kept his American citizenship
papers in a safe, he stored his honors
and decorations in a dreser drawer. On
one occasion he turned down an invi-
tation from Kaiser Wilhelm Il to come
to Germany to demonstrate his experi-
mencs and to receive a high decoration,
and on another he missed getting an hon-
orary degree from a western American
university because he was unwilling in
take time from his work to attend the
ceremony.
Like many another dedicated artist
and scientist, Tesla had no regard for
money excepe as a means to further his
inventive work. He also naively believed
that money would automatically flow to
him in proportion to his needs. To help
his friend George Westinghouse out of a
financial scrape-and incidentally
to
provide himself with immediate cash for
new ambicious experiments-Tesa let
Fig. 11. Model of Tesla' first automaton,
built in 1897, the year Marooni took out
his first U.S. patent for wireless telegraphy.
The boat model shown in the photograph
is controlled, without the use of wires, by
transmission from a distance of electrical
oscillations to a circuit carried by the
boat and adjusted to respond only to
those oscillations. This and other "telau-
tomatic" devices developed by Tesla be-
tween 1892 and the early 1900's provided
the concept which led finally to the devel-
opment of today's guided weapons. [Illus-
tration from N. Tesla,
"The problem of
increasing human energy." Century Mag-
erine (June 1900)]
millions of dollars slip through his hands
by scrapping a lucrative royalty contract
for his polyphase inventions for an out-
right payment. According to legend, this
payment was a flat Si million, made per-
sonally to Terla; cold business reports,
however, place it mearer $200,000, paid
to the Tesla Electric Company, of which
Tesla owned only a cne-third interest.
Although the experiments, apparatus,
and prophecies of Tesla's lectures in
1891-1893 were admittedly the inspira-
tion for many of the prominent pioneera
of radio communication who came later,
and earned for 'Tesla the title of "father"
of wireless, or radio, from such authori-
ties as Adolph Slaby, the "Marconi of
Germany" (12), and L. W. Austin, long
head of radio research of our National
Bureau of Standards (73), Tesla got
little or no money from his wireless in-
Believing that mere point-to-point
communication by means of Herizian
waves was an obvioos application of
Hero's own experiments of 1887, Tesla
1157

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 4828, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
erlane, daced 12 Cler, 1091. published in Sire,
World TM.F.I 1891, 346 (7 Nov. 1091)
Arapo had merely arranged a disk of
below a compens neele with a theet of paper
or slan hetweer them to shield the meedle
from air carrents. Whon the dick was turned.
the nerdie would send to revolve in the same
direction, pulled hy the interaction of its own
macneteen and that set up in the rotating
Arago could not correcily esplain
working ad his device and did maching further
Date from a paper,
*The installation of
the Ningara Fall. Power Company," given by
C. F. Scott before the Engineers' Club of
Philadelphia, 17 Aur, 1807; the diagram was
(Ningara Fall Power Co, 1927),
became prolesor of electrical engineering of
the Shefield Scientifie School of
From minutes of the meeting of the American
Tasticine of Electrical Enigneers of BA May
1917, at which Tesla was awarded the Edison
Medal. Buck was them president of the losi
These lectures, Together with Tesla's lecture
on polyphase motors, most of his potent speci
ficatians (complete with drawings), and 25 of
his most Important arlicles have
Freel. Talent
A. Slaby, In a personal letter to Teela, mw in
if a promal leter to me,
dated 14 Jane 1927:
Ished in eventions, ese of Nibola Toola in
least soce of the investars whn developeel alie
mupied tuned cireuits which same is are
to be called the father of radio?!!
Cited States Repert Marren Minen Co
.. U.5., vl. 320, pp. 1-00
REPRINTED BY NICK BASURA 1974
3414 Alice Street
Los Angeles, California
90065
value is in it effect on warlare and arma-
ments for by reason of its certain and
unlimited destructiveness it will tend to
bring about and maintain permanent
peace among nations."
In an article in the New York Sun of
21 Nov. 1898, "Torpedo to revolutionize
warfare" Tesla explains furcher: "We
shail be able, availing ourselves of this
advance, to send a projectile at a much
greater distance; it will not be limited
an any way by weight or amount of ex-
plosive charge; we shall be able to sub-
merge it at command, to arrest it in its
fight and call it back, and to send it out
again and explode it at will; and more
than this, it will never make a miss..."
While newspapers gave hanner hend-
fines to Tesla's radical contrivance as the
doom of navies and the end of all war,
mare conservative technieal men raised
their eyebrows. "When we are expected
to accept in silence such an utterance as
that quoted above..." wrote the editor
of the Blectrical Engineer, "we refuse
point blank, and we are willing to face
the consequences" In another issue of
the same magazine, C. F. Brackett of
Princeton gave in detail his opinion of
why a radio-controlled torpedo would
perform, in response to external influ-
ences affecting its sensitive organs, a
great variety of acts and operations as
if it had intelligence. It will be able to
follow a course laid out or to obey orders
given far in advance; it will be capable
of distinguishing between what it ought
and what it ought not to do, and of mak-
ing experiences or, ocherwise stated, of
recording impressions which will def-
nitely affect its subsequent actions. In
Fact, I have already conceived such a
Tesla went on to say that the principle
was applicable "to any kind of machine
that moves on land or in the water or
in the air, that the art he had evolved
would not bring about merely the
change of direction of a moving vessel:
it affords a means of aboolute control-
ling .., all the innumerable translatory
movements, as well as the operation of
all the internal organs, no matter how
many, of an individualized automaton."
One of Tesla's original model boats
did utilize far more intricate control ap-
paratus than was indicated by his patent
No. 613,809. To protect inventions he
was not yet ready to disclose, he outlined
only the basic idea in his specifications;
means of coordinated tuning devices re-
sponsive only to a combination of sev-
eral radio waves of completely different
frequencies. Another was a loop antenna
which could be completely enclosed by
the copper hull of the vessel; the an-
tenna would thus be invisible and the
vessal could operate completely sub-
merged.
Turbines and World Wireless
Among other achievements, Tesla in-
vented a turbine having smooth parallel
blades and no buckets. The principle,
which involved the surface drag of air,
steam, or gas, was used in a device to
couple the elements of a speedometer
made for years by Walcham and wed on
many of our best cars. Tesla demon-
strated synchronous electric clocks and
hoped some day to power as well as syn-
chronize them by radio. Although the
means for producing sufficient power was
not yet available, Tesla wrote in 1917 of
plans for detecting ships and other dis.
tant objects by training on them a pow-
erful ray of short-wave electrical im-
pulses and then picn the

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 822, "chars": 4909, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
value is in it effect on warfare and arma-
ments for by reason of its certain and
unlimited destructiveness it will tend to
bring about and maintain permanent
Peace among nations."
In an article in the New York Sun of
21 Nov, 1898, "Torpedo to revolutionize
warfare," Tesla explains furcher: "We
shall be able, availing ourselves of this
advance, to send a projectile at a much
greater distance; it will not be limited
in any way by weight or amount of ex-
plosive charge; we shall be able to sub-
merge it at command, to arrest it in its
fight and call it back, and to send it out
again and explode it at will; and more
than this, it will never make a miss...
While newspapers gave banner head-
lines to Tesla's radical contrivunce as the
doom of navies and the end of all war,
more conservative technical men raised
their eyebrows.
"When we are expected
to necept in silence such an utterance as
that quoted above ..." wrote the editor
of the Electrical Engineer,
point blank, and we are willing to face
the consequences" In another isue of
the same magazine, C. F. Brackett of
Princeton gave in detail his opinion of
why a radio-controlled torpedo would
not work: "What Tesla has done is
merely to make theoretical application
of inventions which had already been
discovered... the theory is perfect, but
the application ahsurd... Do you sup
pose that in the din of battle it would
be possible to put into execution those
minute and carefully adjusted mechani-
cal experiments all of which are presup-
posed by this theory, which require the
uninterrupted quiet of a laboratory to
work successfully?"
That Tesla not only conceived the idea
and built working models of the fiest
noninterferable, radio-controlled guided
weapons but also, more than half a cen-
tury ago, clearly foresaw the type of de-
velopment necessary to lead to the mar-
velous mimiles of today is strongly sug-
gested in his article "The problem of
increasing human energy," which ap-
peared in the Century Megasine of June
*The automatons so far
structed had "borrowed minds,' so to
speak, as each merely formed part of the
distant operator who conveyed to it his
intelligent anders; but this art is only the
beginning. I propose to show that, how-
periorm, in response to external influ-
ences affecting its sensitive organs, a
great variety of acts and operations as
if it had intelligence. It will be able to
follow a course laid out or to obey anders
given far in advance; it will be capable
of distinguishing between what it ought
and what it ought not to do, and of mak-
ing experiences or, ocherwise stated, of
recording impressions which will defi-
nitely affect its subsequent actions. In
fact, I have already conceived such a
Tesla went on to say that the principle
was applicable "to any kind of machine
that moves on land or in the water or
in the air," that the art he had evolved
would not bring about merely the
change of direction of a moving vessel;
it affords a means of alvolute control-
ling .., all the innomerable translatory
movernents, as well as the operation of
all the internal organs, no matter how
many, of an individualized nutomaton."
One of Tesla's original model boats
did utilize far more intricate control ap-
paratus than was indicated by his patent
No. 613,809. To protect inventions he
was not yet ready to disclose, he outlined
only the basic idea in his specifications;
besides, at the time his application was
filed, utilization of the invention was
seriously being considered by the United
States Navy for help in our war with
Spain. One of the features not revealed
was a system to prevent interference by
means of coordinated runing devices re-
sponsive only to a combination of sev-
eral radio waves of completely different
frequencies. Another was a loop antenna
which could be completely enclosed by
the copper hull of the vessel; the an-
tenna would thus be invisible and the
vessal could operate completely sub-
Turbines and World Wircless
Among other achievements, Tesla in-
vented a turbine having smooth parallel
blades and no buckets. The principle,
which involved the surface drag of nir,
steam, or gas, was used in a device to
couple the elements of a speedometer
made for years by Walcham and wed on
many of our best cars. Tesla demen-
strated synchronous electric clocks and
hoped some day to power as well as syn-
chronize them by radio. Although the
means for producing sufficient power was
not yet available, Tesla wrote in 1917 of
plans for detecting ships and other dis-
tant objects by training on them a pow-
erful ray of short-wave electrical im-
pulses and then picking up the reflection
of the ray on a Ruorescent screen-a clear
prophesy of the radar that was to
Tesla's great dream at the turn of the
century was to send electric power with-
out wires by making the whole earth
Fir. 10. Schematic diagram of circuita for producine hich-frecuency electrical oscilla-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 716, "chars": 4591, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bet co tor producine bich-frecuenev clectrical nseilla-
Fig. 12. A bust of Nikola Tesla made after his death by the internationally renowned
sculptor Ivan Mestrovid, The original planer model is on exhibition at the Yugoslav
Academy of Art and Science in Zagreb, Yugoslavia, and bronze replicas are displayed in
the Technical Museum in Vienna and the Tesla Museum in Belgrade.
made no artempt to apply and patent his
carly apparatus for this purpose. Instead,
he flung his imagination into trying to
devise a new and more efficient system
wireless wave transmission which
could convey not only messages but also
power for light and motors. He never
completely succeeded, but in his efforts
Tesla incidentally-—and ironically pro-
duced some of the most advanced Hertz-
inn apparatus of the day, apparatus
which was eagerly adapted by others for
less ambitious but more profitable and
immediately productive purposes.
Tesla understood well the nature of
Hertzian waves and constantly
used
them, His obstinacy in refosing to admit
that these waves played a significant part
in the operation of his wireless power
equipment-which they undoubtedly did
- merely helped confuse judges and lose
1158
cases for him throughout his lifetime. It
was not until several months after Tesla's
death that the United States Supreme
Court, in continuing a suit held over
from World War I, declared Marconi's
four-circuit wireless patent—his most
important—invalid because the four-cir-
cuit wireless had been anticipated by
Tesla, John Stone Stone, and Oliver
Lodge (14). Stone and Lodge, inciden-
tally, had found inspiration for the inven-
tions cited in this case in the carlier lec-
tures of Tesla.
Tesla's wireless power experiments at
Colorado Springs were fmanced largely
by his friend John Jacob Astor; his tur-
bine was financed by John Hays Ham-
mond, and his experimental wireless
power station at Shoreham, Long Eland.
by J. P. Morgan. Because Teala could
not get enough additional capital to
finish the latter, it finally had to be
abandoned, untried.
Unwilling, and actually unable by
temperament, to work with the com-
mercial experimental organizations that
had gradually caken the place of the in-
dividual self-supported inventor,
Testa
spent his later years, alone and without
funds, feverishly working over in his
mind the dreams which he could no
longer afford to translate into physical
actuality. No one could
really have
helped him. Tesla aceepted pain and
hardship philosophically, as esential to
all great creative work. If someone gave
him a modest amount of moncy he would
either be offended or, on impuise, give
it to someone he thought needed it more.
Once, when he had nothing, he laugh-
ingly confided to me that "I will never
have any
moncy
unlesi I get it in
amounts so large that I cannot get rid
of it except by throwing it our the win-
dow!"
In 1937, while taking one of his daily
long walks about New York, Teala was
hit by a taxi. With his usual obstinacy
he refused medical attention and con-
tinued walking, on the theory that this
would keep his blood from clotting.
Tesla never fully recovered from this
accident. During the following years he
kept himself shut up more and more in
his room in the Hotel New Yorker. He
was seldom willing to sec old friends, and
his voice
over the telephone became
feebler and his thoughts less coherent.
On the morning of B January 1943, a
maid knecking on the door of his room
got no response. Nikola Tesla was dead.
Hidden from the flashing neon signs,
rumbling subways, blaring radios, and
light and power in a million homes of
the city which had become the symbol,
for the world, of the modern age of elee-
tricity which he had so largely helped
to create, Tesla had died in the night,
as quietly as he had been born.
References and Notes
1. N. Tesla, "Some personal recollections," sei.
American (5 June 1915].
2.
Personal communication,
3. N.
Teila,
*Mr
inventions,"
Ber. Experi-
menter May 19191.
4. W. A. Anthony, in letter dated 11 Mar. 1851
This
was introduced
in
patent liticatien
Writinghoure Electris & Maunfacturing Co.
eT. Mutual Lile Insurance Ca.
Dalendaur'a
Record and Briefs (1932), p. 1"55.
5. Trams.
4т.
(1888).
Ind. Elec
1838,
305
6.
Far a complete description of the conception
and construction of the first
great Niggara
plant, and for mention ef the Laulen-Frank-
foet transmission
see E.
D.
Adams,
Miagara
Pawer (Niagara Falls Power Co., 1927), vols
1. 2, See abe Carrier's Maeczine July 13951:
the issue i entirely devoted to this project.
7. C. E. 1. Brown, in tenter from Baden. Swine
SCIENCE, VOL. 127
