{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T10:04:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5157561, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125258-cejka-space-venture.pdf", "source_sha256": "e07977ff2ad4779ae8fb74731e54cc5d944f2142a52cc0073f0d6811864054e3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 760, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SPACECRAFT RESEARCH FOUNDATION
A Non-Profit Scientific Research Organizatior For Public Benefit
Encouraging these developments:
• New transportation engines and fuel systems that are safe, dependable,
economical, quiet and non-polluting--with applications ranging
from automobiles to true spacecraft (not rockets)
• New stationary power units which provide lew-cost electricity
without environmental damage
• Freshwater conversion of seawater using electrogravitational
desalination--for people, industry and agriculture
• Raising consumer goods manufacture to the highest standards of
exceilence, providing long-lasting dependable service
SPACECRAFT
RESEARCH
FOUNDATION
FIRST CLASS
SPACE VENTURE
OFFICIAL NEWS IRTIER
@1980 S.R.F.
ADDRESS CORRECTION REQUESTED

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 3525, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S
R
F
CrAVE VENTURE
OFFICIAL NEWS LETTER
1980 Report
P1980 S.R.F
SPACECRAFT RESEARCH FOUNDATION
A Non-Profit Scientific Research Organization dedicated to
the advancement of propulsion, energy and communications
systems technology for the betterment of all mankind
1856 Carlotta Drive, Concord, California 94519 Tel. (415) 686-2264
Executive Director: Richard I. Bower
GOALS OF THE ORGANIZATION
Spacecraft Research Foundation is your organization. All of us together help identify
and support selected exciting new transportation and energy projects.
You may be
especially interested in just one particular part of our overall program. We need
active public support for these new technologies. Even our best efforts will not
guarantee success, and more functionally viable approaches may supersede work on a
given project.
Io succeed we must have technical, legal, political, and above all
financial assistance to achieve our public benefit goals. We intend to encourage
development of superior quality consumer products, and to discourage actively planned
obsolescence requiring premature replacement.
We want a healthful improved environment
with clean air, safe ample water and more quiet for our peace of mind. This is an
adventure in which you now participate as a respected contributor.
MEMBERSHIP
We are pleased to announce that Spacecraft Research Foundation has become an internationa
organization, and that popular interest has evidently increased. We can now be far more
effective in achieving our purposes.
Thank you for telling your friends about us and
then letting us know where to send them an invitation to join Spacecraft Research Foundat:
ENERGY RESEARCH PROGRAM
We intend to replace the present inefficient polluting internal combustion engine with
far better engine systems that will provide improved transportation for land, air and
space. We expect to produce more efficient safe power units that are economical, durable
and quiet.
We are now examining and evaluating remarkable new electrical power generating
systems, with applications ranging from small home units to large central electric station
which should obsolete wasteful methods currently used. We recognize the need for large-
scale freshwater conversion from seawater, without the usual prohibitive energy costs.
Success in these areas can improve human living standards dramatically.
The alarming deplenishment of our non-renewable natural resources requires conservative
use of all raw materials. Cheap manufacture is no longer tolerable. A succession of
annual models is costly and wasteful. The good judgment decision to manufacture products
of excellent quality will generally be rewarded with higher profitability. Serviceable,
lorg-lasting products gain consumer respect and loyalty.
The initial step to project funding is to obtain independent technical feasibility
evaluations. Evident economic reward from sale or licensing of product or system is the
basis for obtaining adequate venture capital support through the stages of research and
development, and manufacturing and marketing. Professional guidance is needed in making
evaluations, followed by preparation of proposals, packages and prospectuses, with expedite
execution of the resulting contracts.
We call attention to, but do not necessarily technically endorse, the various projects
described or cited.
Each one involves energy applications which would provide pubiie
benefit. Besides the specific projeots that we nra nomaml. - -
every concepts nder denment to pa.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 4218, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy concepts under development, including the following: Pure fusion energy (not
fission-fusion hybrid; nagnetohydrodynamics (MID); ocean thermal energy conversion (CTEC
ocean currents, wave motion and tidal power; hybrid electric-internal combustion engine
vehicles; flywheels; rechargeable batteries; fuel cells; solar energy conversior by
geothermal; high speed transit using magnetic levitation (maglev) and pneumatic tubes;
windpower.
Since there are already corporate and government research programs going on
in these important areas, the SPF role is seen to be mainly informational.
We keep hearing of Nikola Tesla's wireless transmission of energy, power sources harnessi
ether technology and water-hydrogen engines.
We will be examining these closely. We are
interested in new fuels and methods for producing fuels, from hydrides to powdered clean
coal. We wish to identify the lightest weight high tensile strength structural materials
Finding and observing responsible projects conducted by reasonable inventors and FAD team
is difficult.
Corporate R&D is held confidential. Work being done with public tax monie
at colleges and universities is open unless under classification. Because of patent lega
requirements the prevailing secrecy and common paranoia is justifiable. Scientifio scams
designed to rob all backers, and self-delusional impractical or unworkable schemes, aboun
This foundation is solely interested in actual hardware projects with working prototypes,
not esoteric visionary concepts deriving from religious or schizophrenic fantasy.
especially leery of proprietary undisclosed principles which remain hidden and are of
dubious reality. Incredible and unbelievable claims requiring acceptance on faith are
generally mythical. They seldom can undergo responsible scientific evaluation without
being unmasked as fraudulent. A skeptical attitude is advisable.
However, before rejecting everything which appears to offend Newton's Laws and the laws
01
thermodynamics, especially what may appear to be a "perpetual motion" machine, please
consider the following weird fact. At Homestead, Florida, there stands the altogether
unique Coral Castle, now a tourist attraction, built of site-quarried rock by Edward
Leedskalnin working alone, with the erected blocks weighing from nine to thirty-five te
each. He employed mysterious anti-gravity or levitation principles not known te us.
Leedskalnin stood only about 5' 4" tall. He died of malnutrition at age 64 in Miami,
December 1951.
He was intensely interested in magnets and magnetic currents, and wrote
a few tracts on the subject.
New physics is indicated in the following excerpts from a Jun. 20,1977 letter to Tom
Valentine, Newsreal Series editor, by Moray B. King, researcher in the Dept. of Systems
Engineering, Moore School of Electrical Engineering, Univ. of Pennsylvania.
technologically minded reader may be interested to know that an explanation for the energy
anomalies of the suppressed inventions is at hand. Physies is just on the threshold of a
new paradign based on the excellent work of Dr. Timotay . Boyer, The Physical Review IL,
No. 4, 790(1975). Boyer's theme is that the ubiquitous zero-point radiation interacte
with matter, and more importantly, matter affects the zero-point energy.
Normally the
action of this energy is random and incoherent; consequently it has an insignificant
effect on detectors.
However, if even a slight coherence can be induced in this energy,
it then becomes available as a source.
No doubt this cecurs in Keely's motor vibrations
and Schaeffer's steam shock waves. Also Gray's motor exhibits a spiraling plasma pulse
in the discharge across the air gap (see U.S. Patent 3,890,5L8), and a similar discharge
cecurs in the Moray oscillater tubes. The experimental work of these inventors implies
this principle: A spiraling plasma shock wave in water vapor coheres the zero-point
energy. Mary free energy devices can be built fron this principle. The sooner more
people understand this, the sooner we shall resolve our energy crisis..." This theoretical
concept, with early sponsorship by Valley Forge Research Center, is now being studied at
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 4582, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Electric and Electro-Magnetic Engines and Centrifugal Force Corverters
Many new engine-motor-generator-alternator, and centrifugal force into linear thrust
converter concepts are under development.
Among those of interest are the following:
Robert Alexander's "Super Power Engine" (U.S. Pat.#3,913,004); I. Townsend Brown's
"Electrolinetic Apparatus" (V.S. Pat. #3,187,206, Jun. I, 1965); Robert L. Cook's
"Propulsion System" (U.S. Pat. #3,683,707, Aug. 15, 1972) and "Internal Propulsion
Engine"; Bruce dePalma's "N-1 Power Generation System"; De Rugeris' "Electromechanical
Brergy Corversion Device" (U.S, Pat. #3,728,564, Apr. 17, 1973) and "Alternator" (U.S.
Pat. #3,535,572, Oct. 20, 1970); Prof. A. diBella's "Apparatus for Imparting Motion to
a Body" (U.S. Pat. #3,404,854, Oct. 8, 1968); Edwin Gray's "EMS Motor" (U.S. Pat.
#3,890,5l8); David Johnson's "Nitinol Heat Engine"; Howard Johnson's #Permanent Magnet
Motor" (U.S. Pat. #4,151,431, Apr. 24,1979); Dr. Keith Kenyon's "Ironless Electro-Magneti
Generator Motor"; Michael Lameyer's "Electro-Magnetic Engine"; John Randall's "Mono-Pole
Generator"; and Bob Teal's "Magne-Pulsion Engine".
Possible applications for these energy systems include use in every form of transportatio
and for electrical power generation both small and large. Five of these inventors that
SRF has contacted want to see their systems used in spacecraft. Some of these concepts
A request for a brief report on Cook's inertial propulsion (CIP) engine was made by the
Grenada Permanent Mission to the United Nations, and was answered by Spacecraft Research
Foundation November 1, 1978. This was to encourage a U.N. official inquiry into U.F.O.s.
It appears that the U.N. Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Cuter Space has established
a small study sub-committee on this subject.
Of great international significance, on
January 27,1967, the Outer Space Treaty, outlawing military use of space, was signed by
63 nations.
Cook's cited 1968 patent was based solely on Coreolis force. In 1971 United
Airlines conducted an extensive dynamic analysis of this early concept propulsion device.
No derivation of an absolute efficiency for the system was attempted. Following this
theoretical and mechanical review no action was then recommended.
Cook has subsequently utilized additional principles in developing a mere advanced closed
propulsion system, designed to utilize inertia in a set of rotore to generate thruat, fer
creation of an artificial gravity effect.
His project was encouraged by an sit grant
used for purchasing some pieces of special hard-alloy aluminum which were machined and
incorporated into the seventh experimental model. A physicist familiar with some two
hundred space drive systems was invited by SAF to examine the functioning CIP engine.
Affirming the technical validity of the physical principles as employed, he adjudged
that the CIP conversion of centrifugal force into linear thrust gives excellent promise.
A clear distinction was made between the CIP and the unrelated Dean Drive. He likened
the CIP, despite its different mechanization and lack of needed sophisticated instrumentati
to the cited diBella System which was developed by Prof. A. diBella (deceased) of
University of Genoa, Italy.
For personal and legal reasons Cook has asked Spacecraft
Research Foundation to present no additional information at this time concerning his
project, and his request will be respected.
We can thank SRF member Ron Kita for calling our attention to the cited Howard Johnson
motor. We are in contact with both the inventor and his licensed manufacturer.
Here is
the first public announcement which appeared in the Apr. 28,1979 New York Times financial
section, under the heading "Patents", column editor Stacy V. Jones.
"Motor Run Solely
By Magnets.
Washington. An industrial scientist received this week what he believes to
be the first patent ever granted for a motor powered solely by permanent magnets. He has
operated small test models with success and thinks that with further development this
revolutionary approach to motor power should make a significant contribution toward saving
energy. Patent 4,151,431 was awarded to Howard R. Johnson, an inventor and consultant in
Blacksburg, Va. His motor combines the attraction and repulsion existing betweer. stator
magnets and armature magnets to cause continuous movement.
The patent says the motors
may be either linear or rotative. Mr. Johnson reports that he has tested a miniature car
powered by a permanent magnet motor many times over two years, without detecting any
3

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4536, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
denagnetization, Conventional electric motors use electromagnets that require a source
of energr to maintain their magnetism.
The motor, which does not require a starting pus
develops a thrust of more than one foot-pound per second. Mr. Johnson is completing a
design for a larger motor capable of driving a 5,000-watt generator and producing 10 o-
horsepower. A license to build it has been granted to a manufacturer. Senior staff
members in the Blackaburg office of the Virginia Polytechnic Institute have cooperated
with Mr. Johnson in his magnet motor research. He holds more than 30 patents on inventi
ranging from a gas furnace for home heating to electronic instruments and automotive
He has been on the staff of various industrial concerns and has served others
as a consultant in physics and chemistry.
The patent application, originally filed in
1973, was at first rejected by an examiner who referred to the motor as a true 'perpetua
motion device. '
However, the Patent and Trademark Office Board of Appeals disagreed,
holding that the permanent magnets constituted an energy source. The board watched a
plastic model car on a track and found that the linear motion appeared to be continuous.
The patent was therefore granted. In a telephone interview, Mr. Johnson said the size of
permanent magnet motors could be scaled up without limitation.
He estimated that permane
magnets made of properly hard materials should lose less than 2 percent of their
magnetization in 18 yearo." Reference article by Jorma Hyppia on the Johnson Permanent
Magnet Motor in Science and Mechanies on newsstands Janery 1980.
De Rugeris Carburetor
A working prototype of John De Rugeris' variable venturi carburetor was recently reviewed
at SRF expense by a well qualified mechanical engineer consultant who characterized it
as "elegant" and embodying correct principles.
Reference, U.s. Pat. #3,920,778, Nov. If,
1975, and T.S. Pat. #3,339,900, Sep. 5, 1967.
This carburetor is designed for optimin
vaporization, atomizing the fuel in an ideal manner. The carburetor runs cold. Engine
operating temperatures are quite low. Tests show uniquely high combustion efficiency
accompanied by low emissions. Extensive testing showed excellent gasoline mileage
improvement. A real technical achievement is represented by both emission reductions
and gasoline mileage improvement at the same time.
When first retrofitted, an old
engine will commonly exhaust the accumulated carbon deposits in a black cloud. Sufficien
funding is now needed for further R&D with infrared equipment used in making accurate
needle valve calibration and new spinners with optimum angles. The De Rugeris carburetor
R&D program will require about $200,000 subject to negotiation and will take at least six
nonths.
This includes (California) Air Resources Board testing and certification for
exemption for retrofit sales in the after-market. When SPF recently visited ARB in EL
Monte, it was learned that within the last two years no carburetor has met the required
standards except as incorporated in complete new car exhaust systems. No approved
exemptions are presently granted for sale into the after-market. Currently there are
only five pending applications with no assured acceptance.
Iwo nameless prestigious research institutions spent millions in R&D funds unsuccessfully
attempting complete fuel atomization for efficient combustion. One of these sent a
delegation to visit De Rugeris, futilely seeking information on his successful approach.
Providing that it is fairly priced and readily retrofitted by qualified persornel, and
backed by a really good marketing program, any carburetor which meets the ARB and EPA
emission exhaust standards while also providing a great increase in gasoline mileage
for automobiles and recreational vehicles (RVs), will find a ready market demano
nationwide.
Automakers and RV manufacturers need the De Rugeris carburetor to meet
the increasingly stringent exhaust emission standards and mandated public demand for
much improved gasoline mileage accompanied by excellent performance.
Owen Vapor Engine (OVE)
The Owen Vapor Engine (OVE) is an external combustion automobile engine fueled by
powdered clean coal. Designed to operate efficiently at ten miles per pound, it would
run quietly without creating air pollution.
Owen Power Industries investors provided
over $300,000 of private funds for prototype R&D. At one point the (Califorria) Dept.
of Transportation tentatively offered $400,000 in grant funding provided that the OVE

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4653, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
would be re-designed to run on kerosene instead of powdered coal. This funding offer
was deelined, probably an unfortunate mistake, since later, if and when usable powdered
clean coal had become available, the OVE could be modified to use coal as fuel. The Owe
Vapor Engine, with its vapor motor and fluid heater, awaits proper R&D funding and a
dependable source of finely powdered coal, de-ashed and desulphurized, having a high
melting point. Reference, Owen et al, Fluid Heater, U.S. Pat. #4,077,46P, Mar. 7, 1978.
Applications for the OVE, besides transportation, include well pumps, space heating, and
recreational vehicle auxiliary power units (APUs).
Much R&D time and money was wasted on preparation and submission of an unsolicited
proposal to the Energy Research and Development Administration (ERDA). After taking an
excessively one time, ERDA personnel finally declined the grant fis regest with the
lame excuse that the American public was not ready to use powdered
challenge the technical validity of OVE development, which was fully supported by the
most precise comprehensive detailed analysis and engineering data, nor did they question
the high professional qualifications of the engineering team already doing the R&D work.
This most sophisticated proposal called for Phase I 5 months $466,610, and Phase IT 7
months $72l,552, for a total of one year $1,191,162.
ERDA simply murdered this clearly
viable project by delayed rejection which chilled investment support.
It may be inferred
that they, and now the successor Department of Energy (DOE), display this viciousress
routinely. One official said flippantly "we would have given the same answer to General
Motors". These people are not merely unbelievable, they're treacherous.
It was exactly
as if the oil companies themselves were passing judgment on a good coal engine, with the
same predictable outcome.
The entrenched corporate interests and their governmental
lackeys present a formidable barrier to new industry formation and to responsible
technologic progress.
The "powdered clean coal" derived from solvent refined coal (SRC), was found to have too
low a melting point, and degenerated into a tarry gurmy mess when evaluated for OVE use.
Pyrolysis (decomposition by heat treatment) and powdered clean coal research is now being
conducted with urgency in the United States, Japan, West Germany, England and Spain.
In November 1918 inventor Walter E. Trent had his coal dust burning internal combustion
engine go through the Invention Section of the War College for development by the Bureau
of Standards. The March 13, 1919 research report was presented by Trent at the
International Conference on Bituminous Coal at Carnegie Institute of Technology,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, November 1926, with no known result. During World War IT, where
gasoline was unavailable, as in Australia, cars and trucks ran on producer gas generated
by coal burners mounted on small trailers. Right now, in England, they are doing this
on drayage vans, with the producer (suction) gas generators right on the vehicle. New
1979 German patents have been granted for internal combustion coal engines, not just
external.
We will see efficient coal-burning automotive engines in the United States
Just as soon as the powdered clean coal fuel becomes publicly available.
Low Temperature Carbonization of Coal (LTO)
The low temperature carbonization: (LT) process converts bituminous coal into smokeless
fuel, with producer gas and coal oil by-products. The coal is heated in retorts either
by burning its own by-product gas, or even more economically by using the offpeak steam
from an electric generating plant, in the absence of air to prevent combustion, driving
out the oil which contains the volatiles. The smokeless fuel ("semi-coke" or "char") may
be used for home heating, for electric power generation, or in steel-making and foundries
instead of the more expensive coke made from metallurgical coal which is new in short
Further markets for smokeless fuel are seen, after additional processirg into
s powdered clean coal de-ashed and desulphurized, in compact producer gas installations
for motor transport, pumps, and for Auxiliary power units (APUs) as in motor homes.
process producer eas is partly used in the LIC coal processing, with the surplus admixe
with the natural gas in gas pipelines.
Ine valuable coalo
containing the volatiles is ideal
feedstock for the petrochemical Industry. Instead of wastefully burning coal, the
petrochemicals are conserved.
The removed sulphur alone has a market value 2g times by
weight that of the raw coal which contained it before processing.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 675, "chars": 4570, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lewis C. Karrick, first with the U.S. Bureau of Mines, and then later at the University
of Utah, where he served as coal research director and where an IT pilot plant was
built, brought the LIO process to market ready.
, LIC production, using the efficient
self-cleaning Karrick N.T.U. (Nevada-Texas-Utah) Retorts, which employs no moving part
under heat (unlike the Lurgi LIC process), has been going on profitably for decades in
England, Scotland, Estonia and Australia.
The English 1000 ton per day, 5-retort,
automated continuous-feed Snibston (REXCO) Plant of the National Coal Carbonizing Co.
(Mansfield) at Coalville in Leicestershire has been operating over 40 years.
smokeless fuel, semi-coke, competes very favorably with coking coal for matallurgical
use, even being shipped into Wheeling, W. Va. priced over $190 per ton. In eastern
Canada markete it retails for 20¢ per pound ($400 per ton), competing with charcoal
briquets.
But this popular smokeless fuel is not yet available in our U.S. supermarkets
The worldwide profitability potentials from the Karrick ITO process makes it the most
serious competition ever faced by the oil companies, and it can't be suppressed much
longer as fuel prices escalate.
A 1600Mw 2-unit electric power generating plart, Montezuma I & II, costing $2.5 billion,
is planned by Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PG&E) for Collinsville, California, on the
Sacramento River. PG&E plans to burn pulverized Utah bituminous coal. The Coalition
Against the Coal Plant, headquartered in Davis, California, represents many organizations
now, including agricultural interests, health groups, consuner rate-payers, senior citize
clubs, and several conservation associations, questioning the need for this coal plant.
They are concerned about the bad effects of air pollution degradation fron burning
4,500,000 tons of pulverized raw coal a year, emitting a daily discharge of over 7
tons
nitrous oxides (NO,) which cause acid rain (weak sulphurie and nitrie acids). The daily
discharge of 116 tons of NO, will have to be mitigated by PGld, and we hear they estimate
a cost of 5500 millior.
Plant pathologist Dr. Clarence Gordon, director of the Envirormental Studies Laborator,
at University of Montana gave warning
testimony to the (Calif. State Energy Cormission
that Central Valley farmers may face "slow, insidious, chronic" damage to crops, suffering
perhaps 10% crop losses, if pulverized coal is burned
at Collinsville. The health and
crop problems are foreseen despite PG&E use of expensive stack scrubbers and bag rooms,
which are expected to release from lf to 4E of the sooty particulates and 5% of the SO
We do not know what emission control method will be employed to mitigate the No.
1975, 3. 49/85, L. L. Makar: ched el th area in seeign cape tele Be, c
1979, pp. 79/80, I. A. Midkiff: "Change in precipitator design expected to help plante
meet clean air laws". Federal and State regulations require "Best Available Control
Technology"
with no significant detericration of National and State Ambient Air Quality
Standards (AAQS). IT appears to be a better way for PG&E to go. IT seems the best
avatlable technology. Burning smokeless fuel should be mandated here as it is in
England in their Clean Air Zones to protect public health and agriculture.
By weight, smokeless fuel has approximately the same BIU content as coal. E. R. Mellenger
•i Saint John, New Brunswich, Canada, world expert on Do, currently advises that this
process has a cyclic efficiency of 91%.
Dr. Eugene Ayres, Research Director of Gult O11's
Chemistry Division, stated back in 1952 that the hydrogenation of coal (Bergius method)
is too costly for it destroys half the thermal value of the coal compared with only a
quarter of the thermal value lost in ITC (Karrick method).
The financial rewards from an ITO plant, whether 50 or 1,000 tons daily, or much larger,
merit serious investment consideration.
The independent coal producers and the miners'
unions should recognize and exploit this comnercial opportunity for expansion of coal
markets. Active encouragement is indicated for IT smokeless fuel production for home
heating and power generation. Trucking associations might recognize the merit in helpin
to finance development of the powdered clean coal process and the engine to use it.
This needs a determined, financially strong sponsor. Spacecraft Research Foundation
knows where the reports and the experts are located, and we would like to take the credit
for helping finance the first U.S. commercial low temperature carbonization plant.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 661, "chars": 4060, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E 5196
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks September 25, 1978
THE BEARCH FOR ALTERNATE
BOURCES OP ENERGY
OLESCOPIC
HARGING
COOLING
GAS
-
CORPS TON
- CHANES
AMR
AR
GAS
GAS
A section thrower or retort and comestion
channher
N-T-U retort for low temperature carbonization of
coal, oil chale, lignite, peat or wood.
Perfected
by Lewis C. Karrick of the U.S. Bureau of Mines
and then University of Utah.
The N-T-U (Nevada-Texas-Utah) carbonizer was
successfully first used to distill oil from shale
at the Bureau's pilot plant at Rifle, Colorado,
and then discarded.
A second pilot plant was placed in operation at
the Univ. of Utah, where Utah bituminous coal was
beneficially converted into smokeless fuel, gas
and coal oil containing the volatiles.
This 35-ton N-T-U retort was adopted by National
Coal Carbonizing Co., Itd. of Mansfield, England
and commercially used for the basic ITC proces.
For the last forty years, daily 1000 tons of coal
hag been converted in the 5-retort automated
continuous-feed NOC's Snibston plant at Coalville
in Leicestershire, producing smokeless fuel under
the tradename REXCO to serve domestic and export
markets.
7
HON. PAUL N. MeCLOSKEY, JR.
OT CALIFORNIA
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVEH
Friday. September 22, 1978
• Mr. MCLOSKEY. Mr. Bpealer, our
reliance on forelen oil importe represents
an increasing threat to our nationai
security.
It 1s time Congresa faced up to that
thrent
Since the Arab oll embergo of late 1973.
we alone of the major industrial nations
have increased our rellance on Arab oil
We have been slow in developing alterna-
tive solutions of energs that will be ren-
sonable in price and safe to lise.
One possibility that could offer a major
part of the solution la the extraction of
oil from
coal In this regard, the re-
spected Journalist, Mr.
Harian Trott,
formerly
with the Christian Selence
Monitor, has recently written a very
perceptive and challenging article, I in-
sert that article in the Record for the in-
formation of our colleagues:
SURPRINE! WE CAN MAKE On FROM COAL
CHEAPER THAN ZHE ON WELLE CAN PUMP
IT QUT
(By Harian Trott)
In this time of brownouts und shortened
work-weels called the emergs eris, it may
sheer you to know that we cam maice off from
coal cheuper than oll wells can produce It.
A Goverument scientist named Lept Kar-
rick had a lot to do with Improving she
basiu process
Federal asergs offielale have been suppress-
Ing to for 50 yeaca. They blandly deny this
claiming only the inventor can suppress bir
patents
By "suppress" we meun, aceording to Web-
ster:
-to keep from public inowledge-co
retrain Trotn dirulging"
The Burrick process lavolves low-tetaperd-
ture carbonization (LTC) of coal. This mennis
beating coal at from 580 to 1580 degrees P
in the aboence of air to prevent combustion,
so as to distilt out all the oil and gas.
When you treat a ton of coal by LIC, 904
reE back about a barrel of oil: 3.000 cuble tent
of rich fuel gun; and 1,500 pounds of smoke-
less solid fuel. But ir you harness the proces
to un Integrated eneray plant, usug the on-
Peas stein, the camse ton of coal con produce
100 kllownct-hours of electricliy besides
The Karrick procoss would combine a car-
bonzer, i refinery, a elty pas worke and a
centrat electrio station so on to produce oll:
gas, smokeless fuel und eloctricity under the
balane roof at the same time,
If an ITC plant produced more smoleless
fuel than It and the community could con-
sume at the moment, you could convert the
surplus to water gas, And the water gos eats
be converted into four barrels of oil by the
(Fischer anthesis process.
Geologista tell us there are enough latent
hen: units (D.T.U«) in Americo's coal re-
carves to Inut un for a couple of millenis elve
or take a few centuries The LPC process is
all it pould take to dispel the monopoly
myth that se
must depend on Arabian
Princes to regulate
our thermontats until
world petroleum prices have browebed some
unspected bole in the sky where it would
Pay us to begin using it.
The energy crisis Is really only an informa-
Cou erises

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1610, "chars": 9991, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
September 23, 1078 CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
The cartel ta blocking LTC with help from
"There lent the olghtest question about the
Washington and Wotl
Street. These
three
economle ferriblilty of the no-called Katriot:
metopoly power-Big Oll, Dig Barouncracy.
process. Our Government admite it. I/liten to
Big
Banding-oppose LTC because an la-
thin colloguy between neenator ind the Clor-
Tegrated
LTC energy industry
would
be
ernment's sep aynthetie foets adviser.
amenyleble sa private enterprine initiative.
"Senator Murdock: The statement. by Mr.
Cosgress 1s dollar out mitions to the en-
Karrick, I will rend the sfatement and then
ergy giants to experiment on variations or
see Shat you have to ing obout shin: "There-
Friederich's Berpiur
cont-to-graoline
(hy-
fare, these coals, where there 1s a market for
drogenstion) procean Blandard Oll of Now
the smokeless ruets and the gat, can produce
Betary (now lason) paid 905 million for it to
oll cheaper on an overace, cheaper than the
1030.
averace cast at the well of petrolouns in the
The covernment eten built a 510-miliion
western part of the Untied Statest
30,000 barrel-i-day pitot plant with it. Bus
*Dr. Fieldeer: I think that is a fair state-
tho Secretary of the Tuterior scrapped 1t In
ment, I Fou can pet a market for the solld
195a saying 14 was useless to keep
*trying to
products, That is the mals product, They
get more than a quart of water in o quart
will obintu from this coal trom 29 to 15 gal-
EXXON'd Berglus process 1s so massire and
lena of tar ell as a beproduct." (Hearings, on
Oct. 1043, p. 15401.
complex 11 connot be made to stand en toe
Simply labeling LTC cost oil a "by-prod-
own inamelat feet. The cartel Insists the tax-
Is all if taken to exclade it trom our
payers must prop It up for them with a sub-
federa: I & D pregram, If our energy offende
dy program "comparable to the T.S. Mer.
E 5197
Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover
(the Bureau of Mines
wu then In
Com-
merer! made Marrick-not che Buresu-
cuntectan of the Coveriment's plones sl-
from-cont
Testareh
dota.
Hoover
advined
Karniel to file patenta-na solentire in the
Departinent or Agriculture had been doin-
rendering the broadest publis service with
them, and give the Covernment full credit,
Sixteen patent wore issued to arres
outright. One was held Jointly with Douclas
Gould, who wan descined to have an out-
standing career on a petroleum chemist with
a majoc oll compary One. covering under-
Eround distiliatlon and gamneation of cont
and oll shales, wan beld
Jointly with
brother Col. Samael N. Kurrich, builder of
the underground worka on Corregidor All of
the karrick patenta have explred, cither be-
fore or after hIs death in 1962
If Karriete's prosem was ang good. you ang
Standard Oil sould fave bought him out!
Old John D, tried.
chant Ship Subsidy Act."
Tils means feci
spurn a gacon of LTO gasoline becaune it wes
bille and taxes will go up
n "byproduns?" Would the engtue ball? Ger-
BE Oll Wall Street spokeeman 1s HI. O
"Luftwatte on oil
where be 1s "responsible in corpornte finance
with ITO of from Manchuria shale
• charter for a aubridinis
tentatively tided Of & Cas Developtent
Then tendered Karrick the poul-
of slee president, enier encineer ane
Big Bonking'n othere for
Hitter or Tojo obteet?
subsiding oll from cont 1s defined In the
connercial-seale test runs on Ap-
Kurrich war to turn over
1973 Defense
Transportation
palachion coal to 1947, Entrick told the chlo blu patenta and supportine deta
Bodlett of Professional Engineers It 1s fensible
That offer followed months of talks bo-
Dalley concedes poly the largest eerport-
to produer oil from coat in the Hocking Val-
tween arrick and a putent broker named
The going market price
Leo Ranney, Ranner waw offloed a few doors
ecough in the promoston of mansire debt to
for the upernded coel byproducts-gun, elec-
down a corridor from Col. Robert Hager. a:
manito snopen-ended pork harrel of this
and phenom-wowd
Hayes ama Standard'a
To you give awns the cu and still net a fair
counsel. Standard (M.J.) in sow known no
olicials endore Bulley concept.
Even though the Government has no sl-
Today this startling economic claim for
able siternative to ite suppressed Rarrick
oil-frein-egal
the Interior Department 1s calling
demonstroled on a comercial scale in Eng-
Jor an "Apollo-elze" oil-trom-coil program.
Leet September the cartel tried to rum a
Ford-becked bill through the House without
debate. The mere would bave provided up
to e1 billlen in government loon guarantees
to begin butlding synthetto-fuels plants that
againet buying something less even than a
piE in a poke.
There Is nothing "miraculous" ubout LTC
sor did Karlet Invent It.
Before 1860, more than D0 plants were ex-
tracting off and gas from coul. Boston
bad
ave LiC plenta producing oll and ene for
best and light; and axle grease and paratin
for candles. But in 1875.
"too much" cheap
petroleum bad forced the last coal-oll plant
Free enterprise made oil from cont before
the rise of the Hockefeller dynasty,
could revive the art, expectally with crude ol!
selling around 812 barrel. The prospect ter-
rifles the cartel, A small rural co-op can take
and detribute cloctricity. A big turmers co-
ep can reline and transport petroleura prod-
ucta. A New England town can make 101 08T
eat its own alestretty. Thin has been going
on for years, Scares of them still do. Bo why
or a stall ville or a Fed-
erl TVA-combtie all these steps with LTO
The fact that they can la backed by Ker-
rick and he federal coworkara, and elght
years of pllet grant toate of the Onlveralty
Every rear we consume over a half a bil-
llon tom of coni. This meann we destroy 400
milleti barzels of oll & year; and 1A triloa
euble feet of alch fuel gas, plun hiltloon of
dollars worth of cod chemicals wed in mak-
1ng terentors and plastles.
Energy oMeals continue to shrug of shle
niaccoring
waste.
They are
the ones wha
know, but arco't telling the puttle whit LTO
1a All about. Meanwhile all thie enorous en-
ervy wenlth goes up the flue in the form of
stunko, seet nod sulfurte fumes-all for want
of a national fuels connervation and develop-
ment polley.
The Rexco compony in using the vory proe-
ess our Burenu of Miner developed with our
tax dollars and then dicearded. Resco owns
and runn dve I/TO plante produciur amalie.
less fuel for industrial and detessie usera in
Britain's ofeial cleon str renes
-It Is a Pery eMclent plant," according to
"carbonizing 1,000 tons per
high grade smokeleen fuel for industrial and
This Ban Franchico mechanical eng/oeer
visited Reece Balbeton plant as Contrille
In Delcesterstire, England, In October 1974.
He was toked on an all-day tour of the plant
with Slobin Brown, director, M. I. Pintta, man-
neer: and Rebort Ingonf chief engineer.
Allen of the Natural Resources Corp. ex-
plains: "They have to meot rigid standards
on their product oet up by the Covernment."
What Coltart didnt say was that the Coy-
erament is in the emotelem fuel buenem
Los. It's a competitor of Rexcow Only the
Government's works aren't an effelent. Per-
haps that's why Rexco has to opernte with
one hand sled behind it back, Linten
"The original plant contempinted nix re-
Ine but only tve were Inatniled
since the Cent Board Imita their cent aloes-
tions. In other wordi,
Rexco 1a bucking o
The Balbiton pinst makes 250 tons
snickeless fuel a day. At the same time the
retorts produce three milion cuble feet of
fuel gas, and around 450 te 700 barreln of tar
od1.
The Coltart soport atates: No amoke or
odora are discerible. If the tars ned plebols
word proceed and nold, the rovenue derived
would pay off the cost of the entire plant In
Siout two yeam, sceording to the lesco
people.
•The conveying and
Procering put of
the plant involves the servicen of three mon
and a amperstor per shift. All woro easily
trained from ecrateh. Adding a few
biore
retorta to line would bot regatre any me-
dittoont peraonnel."
*Ingliham
STANDARD OIL (EXCON) INTO TO BUY
TALLICE PATENTS IN 1930
In March 1900,
wrote Standard
Oll oliciain for advica on handling Marricke
blanicet patent spllcations on the
underground entention of cont
your patent attornegs and technolo-
gista hare investigated these procesues since
December," Fanneg
Howard (President of Erao (N.J.)] has enlled
to my sitention that there las vast amount
work ahead in connection with bydro-
genetion and that there would be probable
delay in the development of the misidention
processes by Standard slone... He has asked
whether I would feel diposed to fully pro
tect Standard in any event (which, of couree
goes without saying) ..
Ranney added that the inventions tave
been explained to she technologist of the
Inaull group Cittes Service, Columble, Onited
Gas Improverent, Allled Chemient and Con-
solidation Cool, "all of whom are interested
some of whore are waiting for me to
tell them how large an interest they may he-
cure and for how much, The reacon for this
rother burrled lester la that I have a telegrom
from the andatant to Mr. Tarul
their engineers will be In Now Tork on April
Booond to sce whether come sort or deal cin
"Coneldering that Standard and Consoli-
dation are close together, I have tathed the
processes over severn times with Mr.
rington, and at the lost conference he won-
dered whether the whole underground ers-
fication bustnoss milght not be a thatter that
Mr, Rockefeller himself would like to father
to benetle both his coal and ost luterems...
The best day Kurrick wrote Ranner! "1 ser
no fault with the letcer to Pronide Clark el
te Slanded Oil Derelopment Commany ef
March 21, o draft of which you hended me
yosterdas, It being understood that it refore
LO ont Procese for bhe andereround rasit-
cation of conl, an per our agreement of No-
vember 1. 1020, Alsp that Standard fistere tr
hove no tighta or epuls at the posent Line
an these proceses?
The same day, Siendard bid for Harriet'
prosen, the New Tork Times reported
Jemes tied purchased patent righ'a to Fred-
8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1476, "chars": 9000, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E 5195
erick Berglus" proorm for hydrogeneration
of voal directly to gasoline, from I.
1n Ciermany, "Thus the cartel was on the verge
of controlling two contrasting and contro-
verslat mechods of making off from con-
hedroscention and LTO.
One of tho flindler sophistries advanced by
the Bureau of Miurs is thnt the LTC process
efort to reinstate the family
cil and gas in any appoectable
amounta. ITC would "giut the country with
monatales of chos." Not so. Listen:
"Congressmun Barroce: Would you produce
At the same time considerable amounts of
The Rocky Mountain costs, ar
Zur north as Rock Sprilies, Wyoming, In Colo-
tado and Can, all gleld from 30 so 45 pallons
of oil per ton They vary within the same
seanas. You get from 2,000 to 2.700 cuble feet
of go out of 15. but we learned to beat only
until just the last trace of of te out. Then It
eun't be made to smole under ang conditions
It burns with a clone, very long, clear, blue
fume. The gro yield can be varied. The more
eis you drive out of this amolcoless fuel, the
lower the B.T.D. of the us: so you can boost
it up to 8,000 euble feet to 600 B.T.U. goa per
"Then it was demonstraled that all of che
solid smokeien fuel could be made into water
gas, In that case you fet about 40.000 cuble
Icet of 300 to 350 B.T.U, ms from a ton or
And out of that you could
maice four barrels of oll by the [Fischer|
"The thing to do In to distill the oll out
Whlle making a smokeless fuel
and bigh B.T.U. gus. In a naticoal criale sou
cuuld quicidy go to converting this resetive.
aclid smokeles fuel Into oul
- • . Those who
have been ustog thia smokeles fuel [Le., 1n-
dustries and electrie power plantel will then
go to buraine raw coal for the duration of
the emergency. That Is the way we think the
mutional fuels economy ought to bo han-
ded." (Hearings, HE 7330, Mur 12, 1950,
p. 186, Eraphasts added.)
proved they could make all from coal cheaper
than of wells the Government stopped work
on the ofl-rich ecals in the Rocky Mountains.
Earrick was transferred co the Bureau's Pite-
whore experta from the ell.
etcel ard obertent glante, and their faculty
friends at Carnegie Tech could "assist" 1u
the Government's work.
alace has been largely of a mortuarial nafiane
A storm broke out in the earis 1950s over
the relative merite of the Bergius and Kat-
Tick techniques The Rurenu put out so much
Tong information about both processes that
Dr. Eugene Ayres was brought into the Gou-
ernment arena to untangle the Information
matabrash in printe Arres was Director of
Research at Gulf Oil the ablest feels ocon-
omist on the cartel's prentielous Paley Com-
mission. Ayres left the Bureau's 30 coal ex-
perty with these blunt conclusions:
Berylus Is too costly in certa of dollars
About half the thermal salue of cont 15
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks September 23, 1978
the ratlo of national demando for liquld tanle
anoe this steam would be derived from the
for beetric power and osher casential coal
offpenk bullor capacity,
or atest bled from
uses is hot very far awas now (10baj trom
turblues, in contral electrie stations. Puel for
the ratto of telda from LTC, and in ex-
relaing steam and superbenting would like-
pected to balance before 1080 because de-
wine be rodueed In cost.
mand for olectrie power is growing
The enter eritionavoteed are: (1) that e
than demand for liquid ruel.
commercial-sized plant based on the prin-
Wolding together the petroleum, gus, coul
diples worked out by Mr. L. C, Karrick and
and electrie power industries to form
hin associates in the Qovernment service will
Integrated energy industry do plausible for
дес succeed becaune of mechanies! troubles.
reference of • plausible nature having been
The cheapert liquid fuel from coal will
made to faturos of other plants that treated
come when coal i processed by LTO for both
other ocals with other processes under otber
guld fuel and electrie power.
condicions: and (2) that the garket for the
Thin should also give the cheapest elec-
coal producta described in this thesis are
Ituted, and therefore, such a venture ta eco-
The private sector can handle the job with-
nomically uruound.
out subsidy, but pot in
competicion with
whatsoover were
those who akim off the oil from coal and sell
tered with the succestul mechaniel oper-
the residual smokelen fuel to power plante,
ation of the plant weed for thin lavestigstion.
Pederal antitrust lawyers adried Barriek
No changes in the design of the plant were
not to sign up with Standard Oil, belleving
necessary for it to wore umoothly.
ibe cartel Intended to bury him until (si
A commerelal-sized plant of o few unite
his patents covering the underground diatli-
anould be built and operuted un a ward" of
lation and gorification of coal had all ex-
• puble-spirited body in
pired; (b) the country had run out or natural
Research Ivundacion wan intiated by Mr.
But at which time pipelines crosstng
Karrick for the endowment of the University
country's big coal fields would all have been
of Utab and to bring obser
peld for, and (e) the cartel would then be
This should be the
logleal organgation
ready to pump gas from Karrieks under-
to father this movement.
around gusteation processinto the hungry
Whew such a plant bea operated for a roe-
sonable perlod it will then be time for those
Instend, Korriek wan advised to go back
who oppose
such development to present
to Diah and teach students at the univeradts
facte and Ogures if any, in support of the
how to produce tour clean energy producta
cinim that auch enterprise la not economi-
from coal at the cance time under the same
cally feasible, secording to
George Carter.
roof: and show the people of Sut Lake Clig
candidate for master of eclence, and 8. Clark
how their city-owned LTO multlenergy plant
Jacobeen, coworker und cotovestigator In the
could erase then
state capital's bad name
engineering research contained to thin thenis.
"Pittsburgh of the Rockies*
Jacobes won the Mechaniel Engineering
A Karrick plant was butt at the walver-
Honor for the "best undergraduate thesis of
clused as a pilot
the year" awarded by the Amerienn Boclety
plant, Here are some of the tridings combed
of Mechanical Engineers, Otah Chapter. The
from these submitted by candidates for
Carter-Jacobsen thests Ros summarised 10
bachelor's and monster's degrecs in arts and
• number of selentine and Industrial jour-
selences during Karrick's eight-year tenure
so director of coal products resenrch:
Carter's polat-about suspending criticiam
until a procesa has been fairiy tested under
The Resco plant In Lelcestershire. Eng-
land, 1s such a plant.
Karelek wan
• prime mover in the early
dotelopment of Recoo's boate N.T U. retorta.
More recent proof that LTO 1s a powerful
engine for the creation of monith tafound in
the Inet Rexco has completed drawings of a
plant that will process 1,000,000 tons of coal
• year. Ine blueprints wero ordered by a oil-
ent in Denmark Intending
to
Import
00Al
Trom Poland to procesa into amokeless
ruel
for markets in Sweden @
The process rematres much precious wator.
Bergius Hydrogenation need not be uend to
any large extent In the future because:
Simple, contlnuous LTC techniques exist,
such as the Bureau of Mines developed, 1o
which moderate fields of oll ace sccompa-
nied by major yelde of smokeless fuel.
oll cal be converted to liquid
while the smokeless fuel in an excellent twel
for steam bollers.
The Kurrick method Including the cou-
only 25 per cent of te thermal value-halt
as much an Herplus method.
LTC is an intoresting process because of
equal in quality to any of the tetraethy!
Yields by valume of about 25 porcent or
19 percent kercsene and 20 por-
cent goad quality fuet oll may be obtated
The amoiceless fuel when burned to an
open grate or inbollers delivers 20 to 25 per-
cent moro beat than the row cant
Aa a complementary product in the proc-
electrical energy
be produced at a minimum cost.
In a Karrick plent with 1,000 tons of dolly
coil capacity there would be suricent steam
generated to develop 100,000 kilowatt-houn:
of electrical power with no extra cont lescept
for capital Investment of electricol
ment) other than the lose of temperatures
of the steam passing through the turbines.
Marketing of these products in most cases
will be competitive with other products of
coal and petro.esin,
according to Clarence
Behmuts, candidate for master of arts.
This coal gue should
than natural gas per heat unit contalned
because of the greater amount of combined
carbon and lee dilution of the combustion
Toe girole, fuel oll and other oll prod-
ueta would be a small part of the volume of
Petroleum produce now Imported
State, and therefore, should find a ready and
enthusiastio market.
A 30-ton ploat and off refinery will show a
profit over and above all operating and capi-
cal costs And the products will sell at pres-
postercial plant treating
tons of coal per day or more will be able to
effect many cocoonies in lavestment and op-
The process steam cost would be very low

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 4359, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aul Electrogravitational Desalination of Seawater (EGD)
In a report prepared by Fluor Corporation of Irvine, California for the U.S. Office of
Water Research and Technology (OWRT) it was estimated that the present worldwide
desalination of one billion gallons per day will rise to 29 billion ged by the year
2000. As water needs increase, desalted product water costs using conventional processes
aro soaring with the rising fuel prices.
Ihe Aul electrogravitational desalination (EGD) process is like the function of an
automobile storage battery, allowing for a neat separation of ions in seawater dissolved
solids (mainly salt), to anode and cathode with steady production of freshwater using
the electrical current internally generated within the system to fully carry the process
without use of external energy. Avoided altogether are the boiler scale problems
associated with hot corrosive brine in multi-stage flash distillation (MSF), and ther
distillation processes, and fouling and scaling osmotic membranes used in reverse
osmosis (RO), electrodialysis (ED), and ion exchange (IX).
Worldwide patents cover
the Aul EGD process, including U.S. Pat. #3,474,014, Oct. 21, 1969.
Right now there is no modular demonstration pilot or full-scale commercial plant using
this process. In 1965, for six months, at Pier G, Long Beach, California, there was an
operating seawater desalination demonstration plant of 2,500 gpd capacity.
Visiting
government officials filed some favorable reports, without subsequent result. Further
test data were obtained by desalting difficult Salton Sea water.
This was successfully
converted to fresh water equaling San Bernardino, Calif. municipal water standards.
At the present time the pre-licensing R&D cost estimate is around $200,000 subjeet to
negotiation. With a large municipality already identified as end user, it is expected
that the Aul process will eventually be widely utilized in multiple 10,000 gpd modular
plants.
The Aul EGD product water cost will be well below coste using current methods.
The Aul EGD process is presently not as suitable for less highly ionized (then seawat:
brackish water.
The California State Department of Water Resources is trying with no political success
to obtair authorization for spending $7 billion to re-arrange Northern California
hydrology and send more northern water down into the southern San Joaquin Valler and up
over the Tehachapi Mountains into the Los Argeles Basin.
Working with the U.S. Army
Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Bureau of Reclanation who are in the dam-building
business, Dil Director Ron Robie does not wish to encourage use of inexpensively
desalinated Pacific Ocean water.
The better economics of the Aul process would, if
recognized, deep-six this expanded overland inter-basin water transfer scheme. Taxpayers
and consumers alike disapprove subsidies which serve as involuntary gifts to the great
landholders who grow subsidized crops with subsidized water, commonly with continuous
lawless and cynical disregard for the 1902 Reclamation Act favoring family resident farming
with the 160 acre limitation.
In California, 85%of the water is used for agriculture, and 45% of that is for livestock---
hay, alfalla and irrigated pasture.
The General Accounting Office (GAO) report of June 22,
1976 states that "over half the water delivered to farms for irrigation is wasted through
overwatering...", Groundwater management, with controls imposed on pumping overdrafting
(mining water) and mandated drip irrigation, is resisted because water has been priced
unrealistically low in the long-term contracts which provide subsidized water.
No one
wants to pay for the tiled drains necessary for removal of the increasingly salty, pesticid
laden waste water. Salts are dangerously building up in the soil, reducing crop yielde,
and pesticides are gradually contaminating groundwater. Water conservation measures ought
to be taken before large seale desalination of seawater is undertaken in California.
The Joint Economic Cormission (JEC) is spending $80,000,000 for selecting the world's best
seawater desalination process and training personnel, for thirty desalters, each of
62,000,000 gpd to ring Saudi Arabia. The Aul BOD process, with efficiencies which are
superior to MSF and BO, merits JE's most serious consideration as "state of the art".
10

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 4376, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Near Yuma, Arizona the increasingly saline water discharges from the Wellton-Mohawk
Irrigation District are lowering the quality of water furnished Mexico under the 1941
U.S.-Mexico Water Treaty, causing hundreds of thousands of Mexical1 Valley croplands
to be abandoned until freshwater reclamation becomes possible, Mexico is demanding
that the agreed 1,500,000 acre feet yearly deliveries be of original water quality
instead of this soil-poisoning quality. A 100,000,000 gpd RO desalter to be built by
the United States is planned for freshening this brackish water.
Originally estinated
at $1L0 million cost, now projected cost is several times that, and has become politicall
controversial. A less costly and more practical solution would be building an Aul EGD
plant on the Gulf of California and move fresh water sixty miles inland beside the Colora
River and introduce it into the main Canal del Alamo leading into the Mexicali Valley and
the All American Canal leading into the Imperial Valley. Ineidentally,, since 1961 there
has been almost no Colorado River flow into the Gulf of California. At present Indians
use only 46 of the 14,000,000 acre foot annual flow of the Colorado River, exercising
their right to irrigate reservation lands. Now, however, based upen strong legal
precedent decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, the Navahos are commencing litigation
seeking 70% of the Colorado River water. Mexicali Valley cropland ruined by alkali
build-up may be reclaimed and restored by providing adequate supplies of fresh water.
The value of crops grown continuously on reclaimed land is more important than Just the
cost of desalting water.
Any desert coastal area may be rendered fertile by ample freshwater from the sea.
Desertification may be reversed. Seemingly desirable, this is not an unalloyed blessing,
for large population increases become inevitable, leading to new people pressures in an
already crowded world. There simply must be good judgment family plarring to control
population to no-growth; the world is populous enough.
Mar must not continue to
overpopulate geometrically,_ leading to hunger and disease, with increasing tensions
which lead to global war.
Fresh water from the sea can either relieve hunger and reduce
tensions, or set up for a swarming population with new human and envirormental degradation
RANDOM OBSERVA07015 - 110383 Po Cost, ses ele or Temperate ray braza.
Here is the slick consumer swindle which the oil companies are foisting upor the
uninfermed American public.
The oil companies will never pay any "windfall profits tax". Only the gasoline and fuel
oil customers are to pay this tax through the artificially raised gasoline pump and home
heating oil prices. These tax monies, which the oil companies will complain that they
themselves are paying, yet are really merely collecting from us consumers, go to the
federal goverrment who contracts for costly massive synfuels plants to be given to, and
operated and always controlled by, select oil companies.
Using the inefficient Bergius
hydrogenation process where half of coal's thermal values are lost, the high resulting
subsidized synfuel price will be used as a misleading yardstick to justify high fuel
prices all measured in BTUs. This contrived yardstick will be used to further escalate
prices for petroleum coal and natural gas in a dizzying spiral, always at consumer expense.
The utility companies have regulated pass through energy feedstock pricing, with their
allowable percentage profits based upon capital investment, the higher the greater,
resulting in steadily increasing consumer rates.
The oil companies have been selling 10% of their fuel oil to electric utilities, but they
are losing these customers to the coal companies.
So the oil companies are fast becoming
the energy companies, have moved into a 25% cwnership of coal, and by 1985, with dyranic
management and aggressive expansion, will control the production and distribution of
nearly 50% of all U.S. coal marketed. Some of the utilities, like Utah Power & Light
and Pacific Gas & Electric Co., or their coal feedstock.
If the electric power utilities make the corporate board dacision to use coal in the
following manner, with the economic loss of only 25% of coal's thermal values in the
processings they become embarrassing competitors of the 01l conpanies who wish to become
11

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 4028, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the sole "energy companies"
• The oil companies intend to control production and price
of all energy feedstocks and required components--fuel oil, natural gas, IN, SNO, coal,
uranium, copper, samarium, geothermal--while the utilities do all the real work of
generating and distributing power.
The utilities can take coal and use ITC to make producer gas, snokeless fuel ("semi-coke"
or "char") and coal oil. The producer gas provides energy for carrying the process.
smokeless fuel is burned to generate electricity for their customers. The coal oil is
sold as feedstock to the petrochemical companies who will then no longer depend upon the
oil companies, who stand to lose these profitable customers. No wonder the oil companies
fear this IT energy conversion method! This explains their moving so swiftly into coal
before the utilities start securing long range control of coal feedstock. Tennessee Vall
Authority (IVA) now buys 46% of its coal from oil companies, and is seeking too late to
reverse this feedstock control trend.
S. David Freeman, Chairman of the Board, IVA, has
explained that the oil companies have bought some of IVA's formerly independent supplier
coal companies, and have then dramatically jacked up the new coal contract prices to TVA.
and stop right there.
The distinguished Christian Science Monitor's staff correspondent Harian Trott on Sep. 10,
1958 described coal's future energy role and quoted the correct prediction! Dr. Eugene
Ayres, coal technologist for Gulf Oil Company, who foresaw "the probable welding together
of the petroleum, natural gas, coal, and electric power generation industries" to form
"an integrated energy industry". This thesis is supported by the following events. Long
term coal mining leases of Federal lands are generally held by oil companies. Joining
the Electric Fower Research Institute (EPRI) and the Dept. of Energy (DOE), the oil
companies are funding promising fusion energy research. The uranium yellow cake cartel,
dominated by eil companies, has hiked the price of uranium from $6 to S42 per pound and
rising. Exoon just purchased electrical manufacturer Reliance Electric Co. for $1.165
billion. Oil companies now control 33% of U.S. copper production. 0il companies are now
conducting intensive research in photovoltaio cells, used in solar energy conversion.
Most geothernal leases are taken up by the oil companies.
The research project areas
are providing new patent controls over most technologic developments in these energy fields
After the oil companies have been collecting the "windfall profits tax! from us consumers f
several years, they'11 add up the most impressive total, and will say "now we've paid
enough taxes and mist have tax relief". Then after their "tax burden" is lifted, the
prices will remain at the same high levels, and the oil companies will really clean up.
They're truly gifted at finding excuses for their obscene profits. These powerful avaricio
multinational energy giants are greedier than any foreign potentates with when they work.
Their spiderweb of vertical and horizontal integration in all energy fields assures ultimate
domination, strangling us consumers with their extortionate prices. Eventually oligopolisti
PATENTS
You can obtain a copy of a U.S. patent by sending $50 to the Patent and Trademark Office,
U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington, D.C. 20231, mark "Attention: Patent Copy Sales"
Check (eer onna cheds deny) and mark youp ordererspecial Handern certified or cashier 1s
At Sunnyvale, California is the Sunnyvale Patent Library, 1500 Partridge Ave.7, Sunnyvale, Ch
94087, telephone (408) 738-55PO. This is the only subject-classified patent collection ir
the United States outside of Washineton. D.O.
, =U.S. patents 1790-1961 are on microfilm,
With copies on file January 1962 (#3,015,103) on
arranged by main class. Extensive
reference materials are available on patents, trademarks and copyrights.
This library has
no connection with the Federal government, and is not an official depositary.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2763, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUGGESTED READINGS
"Suppressed Inventions" issue #2 of Newsreal, $5. postage paid from our office here
at Spacecraft Research Foundation.
Edited by Tom Valentine, this contains Lasciratin
descriptions of various renarkable energy systems, including the LIC coal process and
many variant E-M concepts. This publication is now in limited suppLy,
Scientific American, Jul. 1978, pp.39/49, David Gordon Wilson: "Alternative Automobile
Engines"
Scientific American, Dec. 1979, PP.55/65, Britz R, Kalhammer: "Erergy-Storage Systems"
Mechanix Illustrated, Mar. 1979, Pp. 32/33, 151, Charles A. Miller: "The 5-Cent Solar Cel
(Stanford R. Ovshinsky)
Business Week, Sep. 24, 1979, pp. 104/112, "The 011 MaJors Bet on Coal"
Scientific American, Oct. 1979, pp. 43/51, Likens, Wright, Galloway and Butler: "Acid Rair
Reader's Digest, Dee. 1979, pp. 92/96, Rep. David Stockman: "way the Senseless Rush to
Synfuels?!
"The Destruction of California", by Raymond F. Dasman, Collier Books, New York, 1966, mang
reprintinga, $1.95 paperback, note particularly Chapter 8: "The Struggle for Water"
"Water for a Starving World", by Malin Falkermark and Gunnar Lindh, revised English versio
of Swedish edition, cooperative publishing with United Nations/UNESCO, Westview Press,
Boulder, Colorado, 1976, $16.50, 204 p., numerous diagrams, maps, graphs. Scholarly
treatment but lacks discussion of need for population control.
Regular reading of periodical scientifio literature is helpful in keeping abreast of new
technology. Among the most noteworthy publications are: Science Digest; Science News;
Scientific American; Science; Nature (British); and Popular Science; Popular Mecharics;
Mechanix Illustrated; and Science & Mechardes.
For research on a partieular topic, we suggest library subject reference in the Applied
Science and Technology Index, Readers' Guide and the New York Times Index.
Technical
periodicals are carried in university and college main libraries, and especially in their
engineering, transportation, physies and chemistry librarles.
LETS TO THE BOI
We will welcome your critical comments. We wish to know what you feel should be the proper
directions for Spacecraft Research Foundation and how we may best achieve our goals. Please
let us know if you would like a discussion of inventor and financing problems.
----DETACH HERE-
NEW MEMBER INVITATION
Please give us the names of your special friends so that we can send information about
SRF and invite them to join. Gift memberships are always welcome.
Name (print)
Name (print)
Street Address
Street Address
City, State & Zip
City, State & 2ip
CHANGE OF ADDRESS
Help keep
_our records up-to-date by telling us your new address. Mail toe Spacera?t
Research Foundation,
1858 Carlotta Drive,
Concord, Calir.mi:
