{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T09:53:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 90, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 45667209, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304282628545615, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125211-cejka-walter-russell.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541081970000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125211-cejka-walter-russell.pdf", "source_sha256": "679e4cf243afc87124776fbce974f96f8ebe06aeaedf14492dc2e0d3e8a61157"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1270, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11.4.81
DEAR JOHN,
ENCLOSED IS THE CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN
W. RUSSELL AND A GROUP OF PEOPLE WHO RUSSELL WAS TRYING
TO WORK TOGEmEn AND INSTRUCT ON BUILDING ONE OF HIS POWER
GENERAYORS. THIS WHOLE PROJECT NEVER REALLY CAME OFF.
SINCE I HAD THE OPPORTUNITY IN EXAMENING HIS CONE SHAPED
ELECTRICAL COILS, IT BECAME CLEAR TO ME THAT THEY CAN NOT
WORK. THEY DO NOT ACTIVATE HIS ADVOCATED PRINCIPLE OF POWER
MULTIPLICATION. OBVIOUSLY IT HASTO BE DONE WITH INTERACTIN
FIELDS, MEANING THAT APPARATUC LOOKS QUITE DIFFERENT.
HIS PRINCIPLES CONCERNING WAVEMECHANIES AS OUTLINED
ON THE SLIDES (CHARTS AND NOTEBOOK) ARE IN MY OPINION RIGHT
ON • I COULD'NT CONCEIVE OF A MORE BEAUFULL DEMONSTRA-
TION OF NATURE'S PRINCIPLES.
I AM SENDING THE SLIDES INA SEPERATE PACKAGE. SINCE
LEO RUSSELL DOES NOT WANT THIS MATERIAL TO BE GIVEN TO
THIS WORLO I MUST ASK YOU NOT TO DISCUSS THIS, OR SHOW THE
SLIDES TO ANYONE. It IS FOR YOUR REFERENCE ONLY. YOU
COULD HAVE THEM DUALICATED IF YOU LIKE AND SEND ME BACK
MY SET. IN THIS WAY YOU WILL HELP TO CARRY EXPENSES.
I WOULD CERTAINLY LILE TO HEAR MORE ABOUT YOUR ACRICULTUR
NONE RADIONIC UNITS, WHENEVER YOU HAVEA WRIYE UP OR BROSHURE
"EASE SENDIT ON. I WOULD ENJOY SITTING TOGETHER WH YOU
ONE DAY AND TARK OVER "PRINCIPLES OF NATURE" AND HOW THEY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 190, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
—

CAN BE TVewed INTO HALDWALE. | HAVE SEvELAL
Things (Opie UP HERE IN HY SHOP CopcEesrra TESLA
IDEAS ¢ HALOWARE WHict MAY BE OF UTEeST TO YOY.

SINCERELY

Hua? Hepa

WALtE? PP. BAUMEARTAFL

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2048, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RAYTHEON COMPANY
WALTHAM 54. MASSACHUSETTS
TWInaROoK 9-8400
PLEASE ADDRESS REPLY TO:
MOUNTAIN REGION OFFICE
1122 NORTH HANCOCK STREET
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO
TEL. MELHOSE 3-3846
13 February 1961
Dr. and Mrs. Walter Russell
The Key Ambassador
Key West, Florida
Dear Walter and Lao:
I should have written long before this to thank you for all the treasured gifts
you have sent to me, and for the courtesy you extended to the delegation
from NORAD and ADC. I did, however, waat to be able to report some defi-
nite progress before writing. I have been holding many conferences with
General Chapman, Colonel Fry, and the others who attended the meeting at
Swannanoa. Saturday afternoon, we held a meeting at Alpine Falls to listen
to the tape recording. It has been the concensus of opinion of all concerned
that in order to proceed, we should get some more definite specifications on
the optical dynamo.
Needlese to say, I was more than gratified when I received your lotter this
morning giving some factual data, and indicating that you would be willing
to furnish drawings and specifications. Immediately after receiving the
letter, I called Dr. Letaw at Raytheon's Wayland Lab and made him aware of
this fact. In spite of a negative report, as I expected, from Dr. Nieman, Dr.
Letaw indicated that he would be more than willing to look over your drawings
and specifications, and give us a, fair evaluation. He would look at your
material with an open mind, and if favorably disposed, he would do all in his
power to initiate a development project such as you described in your letter
in the Wayland Lab as soon as possible.
He was very pleased with this reaction as was General Chapman and the
others because they feel that this is the quickest and most direct route for
accomplishing our objectives. If for any reason Raytheon should not agree
to go along on the project, the people at NORAD would then take steps to see
that it got into the hands of the proper government developing agency, or we
would attempt to do it on our own right here.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 136, "chars": 794, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
If you will send to me, as soon as possible, a more complete deacription
of the equipment including the coils and discs, I will take it with me to
Raytheon at Wayland on the 2lst of February as I am scheduled to be there
for a Marketing Meeting on that date.
Just as soon as it is possible for you to furnish specific drawings, Dr.
Letaw will examine them and take whatever action is necessary to set up
a project under your supervision at the Wayland Lab. There is no question
about the enthusiasm here at NORAD but we must have something specific
to start with and then all of our future objectives will fall into place.
I am enclosing a note from Major Sargent whom I discussed the matter
with this afternoon. Thanks again for your many kindnesses.
Sincerely,
H. C. Mulberger
HCM:jw
Encl.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 373, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
13 Fell
Dia Dr
2 Want Yo again thank yau falko.
for all the contai
my day with
an thu 30 a
3uкf gen 41.
I hone then in
Entact witt
Hank M. on t
sulject matter
trufed us on atus
I think that your
1 with Kau theor
this
Hank, tenans someone in the Comping
Who will? lieter and act with an
and dedi an het ba min see again.
Vacation.
all thi But
EVERETT E. SARSZIT Ur.
Major

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1505, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Zebruary 16, 1961
THE RUSSELL OPTIC DYNAMO-GENERATCE
EXPLANATION
This new pover and. light generetor employs a power multiplication
principle of nature which has not yet entered within the reals of human
consciousness, just as the principla of electronics or atomic erarey
had not entared human consciouéness fifty jears ago. It is more im-
: portant than slectronics iah however, for it opens the door to a new
era in higher electronics; higher mathematics and transmitation.
It is the principle of grouth in nature which multiplies one
kerrel of corn into thousands, or which moltiplies gases of, mims zero
melting points into solids of over 3000°; or multiplies the cold of
space into hot stars and novas of incredibly high temperatures.
The reason it has never been know is because of the false con
cept of gravity which assumes it to be a force of attraction which
pulls invard from within instead of a cyclic forca-which controls the
compression of cold into heat, and the expansion of heat into cold.
Another reason it has never been known ia because of our vrong con-
capt of thermodynamdos which places heat as the basis ofạienergy in-
stead of cold, of which heat is its sole producty and the consequent:
law of entropy which provides no uphill flow of ereray to balance ita
downward flop, as fully evidenced in every wave and in every growing
body in all aature.
Power multiplicatdon is the most conspicuous characteristic of
nature. It is amazing to me that it has never yet been, discovered,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1645, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nor has the nature of light, the ONE THING of the universe, been dis-
covered. For this reason the optical nature of matter has not been
discovered. If it had been, our rarearch laboratories would not hak
such primitive coils as those in common use everywhere. Attached to
thie letter to a draving shoving how colle should be wound to diride
light into pairs, but a coil of one section is like one wheel of a
pulley which has but a fraction of the power it could have to adding
another, and atfll another wheel,
or that a large, wheel would be able
to f-part by fearing a smallery slower coving wheel to ite
- PORPOSE OF OPTIO GENDIATOE
The fussell optle generator is for the purpose of replacing the
present very primitive pover generator now in use, which violates overy
principla which nature makes use of for power generation, The remaltart
infinitesinal pover which it this generates by friction and induction is
not only very costly but it is the hard complex way instead of the easy
simple way.
& Theoretically, the Russell gene
ator should give 4,096 tires the
power that the present generator gives, but that da mechanically impossi-
blerfor the reasons which will be given with the dravings, Extended
coils of wire weaken with every sparinposed Jayer while lenses contain
all of their power within their boundaries.
I believe, however, that even this first try-out nodel will deliver
from 50 to 300 tines the power now obtaired by the friction and induction
process given to the world by Parraday.
It will help to comprehend nature's optical method of pover multi-
plication by pointing out the violations of nature which the present,

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1536, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anato mices use of.
latera's firet principle of poser production and the constriction
of mettor is to produce heat from the cold of space. The heat thus
concrated redfates back into gold to complete the wave cycle which auto-
natically repeats itsele in tide ageless universe of an infinito con-
amilty.
a brary wave is a porfect dyname, int the very purpose of inves 19
to generate beatin its armatures at vave a
mplitudo points. Trat is the
only vay vaves create natter carbor, for eximie, is the amplitudo
element of its octavo. Ita melting point 13 3600icentigrade. fvery
sun in the heavens is flaming carbon, andievery son is the amature of
its dynane-ware-
# The prosent dynan ignores this basic fact complotely."
at: coola
its armature by laminating its It then rotates its armature the wrong
1a7, because of a beliaf in non-acistent lines of force" in ragoetic
ficide which they are cutting by this
turning, - Kature s aratures ro-
tate yon their ards in planes of
their equators, vithout excoption in
the ini verse. All spherical bodies of hatter in aly this wivorse s
cola which roll aroud their cebita on their equatorial: imaTher
do not spin on their mine around a false equatorial, aria, as armatures
in modern dynamos are forced to do.
To emulate natura's process a dyname should generate mich heat and
become a Reactor, connected with a steam turbine, as Nuclear Reactors
operate. The greater the heat thus generated the more pover lines
can be taken off. from the large equatorial wheel which the turbine will
rotivate.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1539, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
very armature in rature givos of many thousands of tires more
thanite cathodes gave to it. Every wave is a step-up transforer with
Cour step-uma between ita cathoda sero and ita anode maximum. Lach
step up. da an octavo above ita prodecessor. its ratio is as follousi
0 - 81- 64 - 512 4,096. It. is this octave step up multiplication
which creates density and raisos nelting points.
LICE THE NEW THER ODINAMICS
First Law Cold generates crorey Heat radiates enurgy
est De:
multielles it cannot to dividue.
Seat divides:
Cold
It camot he miti/Y.
Sacond 'Law-
Avery roaction must be preceded by its equal action.
Heat is the reaction of colda Heat could not come into exlstence save
for the compreasive action of cold.
(The law of entropy, therefore, las
no place in nature.)
Third Law Cold and heat acress their opposition at angles of
20°
from each other.
Cold extends along wave accia and the axis of all
bodies of creating natter vhere notion is minim, while heat emansion
La mucinon at equatorial planesạẠỊwhere see
Id notion is madm
-Fourth Lave
* cold compresses. Compreesion multiolies cold into
heat Heat expands. Expansion divides heat into cold. - Cold and heat
1l life and death; constitute à vive cyclo.. In all nature thero is
no effect which'is not wave created, and all waves are cyclic.
(Again, Irepeat, that the law of entropy, 'and the belle? that
energy does not run "up-hill, have no place in nature.)
fifth Law When motion begins beat becing: This entire miiverse
is a varied measure of the heat of rotion, "Thr
sentine

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1504, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
mothon. Long low waves of low heat poten-
tial constitute the invisible light spectrum, while short high waves of
high heat potential and low frequencies constitute the visible spectrum.
Sixth Law. The emergence of heating matter in motion from the
statie cold of space begins at the indigo-blue and blue-violet ends of f
spectrun and builds up to the two white centered yellows, through red and
green, until the maximum heat equatorial plana da reactive at an angle of
90 from the static ads of cold,
Note: The import of the spectrum has been very much neglected in
man's cosmogony of a universe which consiats of only one thing - LIOFT?
IVE CONCLUSION
Tha most tragic lacks which retard scientific progress are:
The complete lack of knowledgs of the nature of light - the
ONE THING of the universe, and the almcet complete lack of knowledge of
the light-wave which is the vorker of nature's miracles.
2. The maconception of the universe as an electro-magnetic one
instead of an optical, photo synthetio, gravity controlled universe of.
divided light pressures.
3. The complete blank gep in science.regarding the sex-principle,
and its relation to the spectrum, which causes every element of matter to
be created in pairs.
4. The failure to obgarve that there are four pairs of focal light
poles in the bar magnet instead of two. This has caused science to.be-
Have that matter is either positively or negatively chargeds instaad of
being variously conditioned by the octave series of spectrum light

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1222, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pressures of gravity which control the construction of matter..- The only
approach to this recognitlon of power-multiplication by science is the
orderly octave principle, as shown in the Mandeleef table of the elements
and its recognition of valenca as a pover step-up in chemistry.
5. The misconception of gravity as a force of attraction which
puils inward from within. The only force which motivates the heart beat
of this universe is the cyclic wave force of gravity which expands and
compresses, heats and cools, integrates and disintogratas, centripatally
and centrifugally.
6. The total lack of knowledge of the purpose and vorkings of the-
inart gases and their relation to growth control from the seed, and their
power multiplication principle which panses all effects of motion to step-
up fron their sero cold static condition to white hot maximum heat and
pover conditions.
These are the most Important of the many lacks in the scientific
structure which complex its cosmogony, and renders laboratory techniques
difficult and wasteful.
Any commercial laboratory which had this knowledge would have such
a great command over matter that it vould be the most poverful corpora-
tion on this earth.
Walter Hussell

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 981, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Telegram mpen
tel 15/51
Kr. Henry Mulberger
Rathein Company
122 North Hancock Street
Colorado Springs, Colorado.
If unything on drowing or manuscript you do not understand call
me Monday before noon or after six for clarfication. In restudying them
sinca sending I can see two things which night be confusing. On the
drawing the three quarter inch hole bored through armature for water
passage to cores might be interpreted as making the armature a separate
piece. The armature and colla coreds for number four coils on each
side of it are all one phooccco solid piece. On page four of
manuscript my new first law of thermodynamics ia socatines questioned.
Ip avoid this I will hereafter write that law to read as followe;
First lem. Cold generates energy. Heat radiates energy. Cold
multiplies. It cannot divide. Heat divides. it cannot multiply.
Together their pulsing interchangings constitute the life-death,
growth-decay principle of Creations gravity cycles.
Walter Russell,

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 719, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
prof telegram sent Fert 20-1861
Mr Harry Bulburne
colorado Springs-
Co Corado.
This i for further clarifreation regarde
wining. Theoretically the levo, afforoache!
currenta are separate circuite and
may puse if peried togetie, Olse,
Theoretically the copper wire and
iron core are supporedly, one muste
and each end of the wire shorts
be an intigral part of each
number four coil and becomet
onty by the contrifetas compressi
of gravity, which since tosses
miduction, junt sa tre bar nage
magnete ase formed ingether.
The focal contes i za
armature so the equescalent de
on center b gravity in the sues
Bear This
in mind si esther.
convut wire with must fee
forer coils or mantra despanati
cierits of then.
Walter Kuna

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 224, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
+
- brushe
This aise
cade whel
it hat pai
бо
The saposte
on ThęŚłè
side B
the
A this dile ite
part of coil ii
on
The
green
stee
Lectrun
This wheel Ormlater the
face of the seen
ta engerator cohen
sheat radiation is
xisnum.>

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 658, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cop
Brandy Fell 27/61
THE KEY AMBASSADOR
On the Atlantic Ocean KEY WEST. FLORIDA
The encloud shetches help exfilem
the intel
the Gran brushes one sickes of the insulater
whel but stre speed and frictin can
be oftunt bextendis the rem and
pretting it breetes on it
shet the steel is a ted nate almany
the the tve at in
that each of the fris are
pasts of corts numbe 4 on each side r
attached to this wheel by metal sollera
copper) a brushes. The sunbe o
ruches which can bad fron the whee
feat and fove enough in the armatin
for steam pressure encergh te send cur
tungh to cared it free the
series all the same size, right
a little for go.
Sing ou
Sile Sunle

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 169, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
EQUATOR
THE
ultil ty name
SUN
The
Solar
Gravity Fild
<
These turo
m each sir
I the egnator
are the basis
I The armatio
whel of my
ofitie de samor
the equetor dives
char

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1311, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A :
30/: 10/1000
28 February 1961
Driv
1015 15
old ene
Mr. H. C. Mulberger
Raytheon Company
....
1422 North Hancock Street
Colorado Springs, Colorado
20 122**
Dear Hank:
I have reviowed the file on Walter Russell's idea. It is quite difficult to
analyze any new idea in the phyaical sciances.. Walter Russell has made
this procesa approximately impossible by establishing a full sat of new
physical laws (without proof) and neglecting to utilize a mathematical
formalism for their expression. Thus, he carries out the perfect theo-
retical crima: thare is no trail between his restated laws and the. d.
(presumably) zeaulting machina,
Now, what can wa do?., A naw electric motor would not be built without
an analysis of ita design. It is all the more unlikely that a machina da-
signed on the basis of new principles would be built without analysia.
This would not ba prudent, I cannot recommend that Raytheon expend!
any effort in this undertaking.
The polnt that is often misaed by people who wish to "reform'! physical
science is that it exists only by changs.. Scientists are not stodgy. con-
servative or blind. They learn to approach their problems systematically
and to speak to each other in a commonly understood laaguage, mathe-
matics. The "reformer", if he can bellave hia theories, must at least:

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1610, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
H. C. Mulberger
28 February 1961
Page two .
Extract his theories (by use of whatever
process) from an examination of ob-
servable phenomena.
2. Assure himself that the common facts of
experience can be explained by use of
the theory.
Draw inference from the theory to pre-
dict a new phenomenon (or explain an
old one in more datail).
4. Test the theory by experiment.
Walter Russell has neglected to carry out the first three steps. His
machine is related In no understandable way (to me) to his theory
Each theoretical revolution, and they occur with alarming rapidity, tella
us more, rather than less. It not only points the way to new knowledge,
but tells us more about the limitations of previous theory. Hence, the
violent shock of Einstein's Special Theory resulted in our learning not
'that Newton was wrong, but that Newton's theory was indaed correct
within well defined limits. The quantum electrodynamics needed to de-
scribe spectral hyperfine structure enhanced rather than decreased the
usefulnesa of Maxwell's electrodynamics.
Let me urge on you the thought that Walter Russell and others who take
the lazy, ex cathedra approach to science do not succeed in leading man-
kind to greater heighta, These men desire (unwittingly, Lam certain) to
deatroy what we do have and offer us in return no treasure as worthy as
the "Song of the Jabberwocky".
lam returning the documents which you sent to me. " Please asaure
Walter Russell that his rights are secure. I take this as another demon-
stration that there is no sound substitute for hard work.
' Sincerely,
Harry Letaw, Jr.
Manager of Marketing

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1889, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17
RAYTHEON COMPANY
WALTHAM 54, MASSACHUSETTS
TWINSROOK 9-8400
PLEASE ADDRESS REPLY TO:
MOUNTAIN REGION OFFICE
1422 NORTH HANCOCK STREET
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO
TEL MELIOSE 3-3045
Dr. and Mrs. Walter Russell
University of Science and Philosophy
Swannanoa,
Waynesboro, Virginia
6 March 1961
Dear Walter and Lao:
I thought I would wait until you got back to Swannanoa, and resettled from your
vacation, before I wrote this letter. Unfortunately, it is discouraging in one
sense, and somewhat encouraging in the other. As you know, from the be-
ginning, I was somewhat skeptical regarding an open minded reaction from
Raytheon. This proved to be true (see enclosed letter), from Dr. Harry
Letaw, Jr. Without having studied your books, and writings, over a period
of time, it is difficult for these academically trained scientists to comprehend
what you are driving at. The biggest difficulty is the language barrier, and
they cannot understand your reference and definition of such things as gravity,
light, and electricity.
Although I did not have much time back there during our recent Marketing
Meeting, I did my best to convince Dr. Letaw, Dr. Silberg, and several of
our scientific and engineering types. My attempts met with ridicule, sarcasm,
Contrary to the attitude at Raytheon, all of the Air Force and Army group from
NORAD that visited Swannanoa are still very enthusiastic and are interested in
either attempting to line you up with Naval Research Laboratories or one of
the Air Force Development Agencies. In fact, one of the officers has already
written Dr. Page, Chief Scientist of the Naval Research Laboratory. In as
much as he lives in the Washington area, you may hear from him shortly re-
garding a visit.
General Chapman, Major Cripe, Major Sargent, and I, are interested in trying
to construct one of your Optical Dynamos here. They have done a tremendous
лили
Setu

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1832, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
amount of thinking and analyzing and feel that we would be capable of con-
structing it under your supervision. Unfortunately it is difficult for me to
convince them that your Dynamo is not designed to perate in accordance
with our accepted Electro-Magnetic theory. We had a two hour meeting in
my office last Friday and out of it came a list of questions, some of which
I think I know the answer to, but if you would be patient enough to give us
specific answers to the questions, be they either negative or affirmative, I
am sure that it would help greatly in the construction of the model Dynamo,
and would help me hold the interest of this group. The questions are as
follows:
1. Could a model Dynamo be constructed with dimensions considerably
smaller than on your sketch, say one-half or one-quarter scale.
2. Why the same amount of wire around all coils?
3. Do the diagonal lines through your drawing have any significance as far
as their angle is concerned?
4. Why are holes incorporated in the center of each coil? Can we use a
'solid core?
5. What determines the amount of wire on the cores?
6. The high temperature at the center of the Armature seems to be our
biggest problem. The present state of the art would not permit efficient
cooling at a temperature of 5000'C. Steels would melt before they reached
1700' and the water would be instantly converted to steam. What is the
lowest temperature at which the Dynamo would operate?
7. The wiring diagram for the coils, and its connection to the brushes, is
not clear.
8. Could the cores be turned separately and bolted together except for
Armature and adjacent coil?
9.
Relationship of the speed of the turbine wheel to the electric power take-
off. Will it be AC or DC?
10. Could solid copper plates be utilized rather than wire?
11. Must turbine wheel touch Armature?

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 850, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
з.
12. How many connections should there be between the wheel and the Armature?
13. Will generator furnish current at the first revolution of the wheel or must
temperature of 5,000' C be reached before current is generated?
14. Would appreciate any suggestions you have for simplifying construction of
the Dynamo as both our time and finances are limited.
The NORAD people feel that they may be able to get an Optical Dynamo project
set up under a basic research contract with either an Air Force or Navy
Laboratory, however, setting up such a contract inevitably results in considerable
delay.
I am sincerely greatful for all of your kindness and efforts, and I also want to
thank you for the books you sent, which I value very highly. I do hope that your
vacation gave you the relaxation and rest you needed.
Sincerely,
I. C. Múlberge
HOM:JW
Enci.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 318, "chars": 1946, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
Dr. Harry Letaw, Jr.
H. C. Mulberger
Walter Russell's idea, and
your analysis.
March 6. 1961
Dear Harry:
Thank you very much for, your letter of February 28, and your analysis of
Dr. Walter Russell's idea.
It is. a very well written lettex from an academic atandpoint; your logic is per-
fect, but I can't say that I agree entirely with your philosopy. This can happen.
I think you will agree that some of the greatest inventions and advancements
came through, inventors without too extensive an academic background. There
is no question but what the scientific approach ia sound, and results in con-
siderable advancement. However, many times scientific thinking developa
many questionable theories based ou false premises due to erroneous sense
perception.
As you well low, most anything can be provea mathematically.
I will agree that without considerable study of Dr. Rusaell's books and papers,
it is very difficult to see just what he la driviag at. Here, we run into a diffi-
cult sematic problem.
I hardly think DE. Russell can be referred to as taking the lazy approach in
as much aa his many accomplishments in other feids, as well as scheace,
Indicate that he has accomplished more than most men could hope to achieve
in one life-time (see Who's Who).
At laast I have done my part in bringing this to the attention oi Raytheon Co.
The NORAD and ADC people feel that an attempt should be made here to con-
struct a model or that it should be referred to NRL, CRL, or some other
Government Agency interested in supporting basic research a
I am sorry that we don't have more time to sit down and diacuss this matter at
greater length, preferrably up in the mountains where our thinking could be
clear and undisturbed by interruptiona. Anyway, thanks a lot for your time
and efforts, and I do hope that our difference of oploion in this matter shall in
no way interfer with our continuing respect aad friendship.
H. C. Mulberger
HOMIjW

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2152, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Match 9, 1961.
Dear Henry:
We were very much pleased to receive you letter
just as we returned. We were not surprized at Dr. Letaw's
reaction, for we have been accustomed to that sort of
reaction
from the conventional scientists ever since i gave
my first charts to the world. It has always been thus with
what Dr..Letaw calls "reformers, such as Galileo of civili-.
Leonardo de Vinci and other great contributors to
zation right up to the days of much-persecuted Charles Goodyear
and'eren my good friends Lee de Forrest, who narrowly escaped
prison for selling "worthless stocks to finance his tubes,
and Nikola Tesla.
The miracle of this stage of procedure is in the
finding of open-minded men of vision like you and cur little
group who have had sufficient vision to see the possible
saving of our civilization by opening the doors of can's minds
to this new knowledge. It is for the finding of nen who are
dedicated to such a great purpose that we are thankful. - It
will be your group who will probably write the greatest pace
in history since the world began and, and you can do it, i-
your group will dedicate themselves to this purposeaas we have.
Your offer to make a small model prompts me to make
it extremely simple and inexpensive for you to do so. The
model I made was to show the vast power that could be multiplie
from cold if used in the full dimension of the cube and its
consequant short-wave. In that model there would always have
todel bulit upon the ito kave princeles titter but a
necessary to give a few pounds of steas, enough to keep a wheel
in constant motion by connecting tha armature with the turbine:
To-morrow I will make such a drawing that should not cost in
you can caep & perpetual 2 - 5
the turbine. That ought to be sufficient to carry off 50 (or s
current leads.
I will also ansver your questions fully. I am glad
you asked them, for the answers vill gratually readjust your
thinking to the optical nature of the universe. In the mean-
time, Henry, there is no reason why they ought not to continue
to think electro-magnetically for tha name of any process has
no possible effect upon the results obtained by it.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 1957, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22:
L'arch 13, 1361.
Mr. Lenry Mulberger,
Alpine Falla, Colorado.
Dear Henry:
Ever since answering your letter or arch sta,
I have been working upon a vary simplified test codel
which could be quichly and inexpensivoly sada.
1 agrae
with you thoroughly in regard to that sisplification, both
for the tine element as well as for the epenad.
After all,
it la not necessary to harnens an elephant or a horse to a
coçcart for all ve adan to prove in this case is the principle
of power¿pultiplication, sufficiently to bring cold water to
a high presaure steam power sufficioni to turn a large wheel
connected by a turbina.
I have, therefore cut cown the acount of core and
vire proportions as much as possible to affoct this purpose.
The only readjustment you may have to make is that if the
arcature does not becoos as red hot as a blackenith a horsa-
ance, then aco core wire to coils is and fé. If it becones
' too hot, recuce that ire.
A verymuch further simplification in the sukin, of
the model for test purposes could be achiaved by not bothering
at all at present about the turbine connection or even the
wheel.
Yon can test the effieacy of heat and povor-
cultiplication by just putting a steam wilatle or pressure.
gauge inte the water tank and also having a little window
Lace into it that you could open and cicse by coltinq so
that you could look into it without the water being turned
on and aee the not armature which of course you must not
allow to becose too hot, othervise it would seit your copper.
If yoursteam whistle or pressure gauge shoved that
it was possible to cat a continuous hich preasure of atean
from the armaturo tani into the turbine,
to rpinciple will
have been colved.
Thia da the principle in nature which
science las overlooked.
It is a atrange thing to me that eclonce has not
observed this principle lorg ago in even the increase of
celting point in tho octave meries of the elepenta.
Take
for example the helium octave.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Poliun has a low sub-gero melting point. In othor vords it
represents the cold of apaco.
Lithiun is a soft low-cencity
low-celting point element.
Eerilina is cuch core dense and
cas a nicher pelting point.
Then next atep in density and
molting point ia Boron and the last stop is carbon, which has
reached a molting point of 3500° centigredo.
Science has never seeded to wonder how that high
melting point was reached in four steps. it seens to have
taken it for granted like the water in the well. To my
inovledge, it
has never compared such a step-up process with
the principle involved in the nultiplied povor of the crowbar.
The principle is the same, however. The eloctro-cagnetic
explanation of the power which a man can accumulato at the
other end or sia lever la not satiaractory. The optical explan-
ation is in accord with nature, however, and your group could
be given a cood lesson in helping then to think optically, if
they would give me a full electro-ragnotic explanation, and then
let se give them an optical explanation. That could holp then
cake the transition fron electria thinking to optical thinking.
The high price that science ia paying for never having
nade that diacovery of optical powor cultiplication is that it
will never acquire solar power sufficiont to cotivate all of ita.
engines without comprehending the optical power-cultiplication
principle, nor will it ever solve the oystery of transmutation;
wareas,
if I could have a sofficient tocrnical ataff and a woll-
equipped laboratory, I da certain that I conld produco liacaras
of solar power within a few sonths.
We are thankful that you and'your group have had
sufficient insight into the now science for tocorrow to widen
your vision and create a desire tocopen the doors to the science
of tomorrow, at least to a sufficiont extent at this tire to save
us frontear of Russia in a such coro sispie and inespensive way
than through the production of "Nike Zeust siasiles. That "
inspired vision of your group is the one hope we have that this
new knowlecçe will not die with me.
Coning back to the subject of the enclosed drawing,
there are a fow things which I must explain to sake sure that no
error la nace.
(1) The firet and primary one of theme in that each coil should be
wound soparately. They can be wound back: and forth in the usun]
but theoretically they world be core affective if little
partitione vore cace so that the back and forth a polly could
bo linited
and carry
backwards to coil il and so forth would be the wrong way of rature

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2204, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
- 3 -
Consider for exople the cyclone, a small sketch
of which I have maco on the droving. Disting is a one¿¿¿ay
continuous apiral tolsting all the way from its vide top to
its apez with no reversal of vinding.
Zeraforo, wind each
coil separatoly and carry the wire into tho nezt oro succossivol
to imitata, us for as pouaible, the winding or nature's centri-
patal vortices.
(3) In the larcer rodel, I let all of the water come in by way of
the armature becanae the steal would be so hot that it would cal
no difforenca, but i did alley for sator going into coila $3 and
#, bocausethey would heat too much. In this small rodel it is
tally cal tae vete su to water sprocee to aratare.
(3) I have made a note on the right hand side of the draving tellin
why I need the advice of an electrical ençineer in relation to
connecting one side or the insulated couple whool with a ri
current, for each side of that copper vieel representa the
the line of thecentering plane of the whool.
My intuition tells re that the one circuit in the botter way if
it can be accomplished, otnernee, cach mice of the uleel touic
have to be in some way connected with the ri cores and that,
I think, sould be mechanically difficult.
(4) My technical knowledge is not sufficient for me to give you
the gauge of wires to be used for the coils, as this is a
eubject for computation mich electrical engincars and coil
rakers have at thei: fingertips.
I will now answer the questions that you have asked,
seriatum:
(1) has been answered by the saling of the drawing.
(8) The best way to answer the question thy the sane acount
of wire sust be used for each coil, I refor again to the
The initial accunt of energy which a can puts into th
upper end of the crowbar da the same all the way to the ond of
it-
length of wire should thoretically be the sane; but as i
pach coil reproonts that initial offort, theroforg skid
beroro, to have to need to multiply heat to its caxisus, so the
langth of wire can be changed to weaken that pouer to the
desired heat.
(3) The diagonal lines through the original drewing signif
only that the coile aro dram in soction - as architecis
Dignify sectional dravings.
They have no othor significanco.

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2432, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(4) No, we cannot use a solid core for to are impersonating
light-wavos, ard light-waves are sories of cyclones whica coet
together to creato pattor. Thoro is albaya a gradually"
cicinianing role in every c/cione, and in every centriruçal
vortex, even in so scall a che as the spiral vorten you see
when you lat the water rancor of your bathtub.
Science bas long ago established that there is a hole in every
electric current which means that there is no power in the conter
of the current-carrying wire. All of the powor da projected
toward the surface of tho wire. That is why cany wirce are uood
to nate a acall cabla
and cany emoll cables are used to make a
larger cable, for orelig wire would not carry one-tenth oftho
povar that puny wires carry, deo pages 103 to 197 in AlCHe
The dreing ompage 197 will also aid you in the wiring
principle.
(S) The amount of wire deterined for the coila is fized by
the amount of heat or power you siah to obtain and can bo
attain the maximun of power, but a sufficient adjustsent can be
cotained by using Coils #3 and d4 alone.
(6) This question about the beat and armature can be settled
by the answer given to question 05. As all of the stean pover
needed for this teet rodel would not exceed 10009 temperature,
you can test the heat in the way I have described by saking a
window in the armature tank and watching it gres rod.
The sace
can be said of the acount of water in the areature tonk for that
can be determined by the stoan pressure which can be generated
by the arratore.
(7) I have heretofore answered.
(8) It would much aimplify machine-lathe operation to make
the coils separately even though if ali cace or one piece ca
steel vould be sore icoal. I am sure your mechanical tochniciar
could find a way to pin or bolt then toçether in some cannor or
oven thread them toçether in such a way so as not to interfere
with the passage of bator.
The question for teciniciana to
decide la whether they jeiningthen together would be core of a
joo then nachine-lathing then all in one piece.
(9) up until the last do peara or so, a carranta bere
gonerated IC and naturally this corrent sould be CC for it is
Nature a way and sould have to be trancroreed into Au in a
conner sinila: to that used in any trenciorcation process
(10) Solid copper platos could not bo used. every turn of
copper viro in a coil impermonates the tvister of a cyclone in
the creation of a centrifuçal vortice.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2405, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 5- -
(11) Thia question has boon answered in rolation to the
wiring information roquested on the draving which only a shilled
elactric engincar could answer.
(12) This question vas ancvored as question #ll has beon
answered, but the thing to renonbar is thoro must bo aither a
netal connection made by means of rolla: boarings vith the
24 core, or with the coil itself by ceans of a brush.
(S) The mheol is designed to turn at enough revolutions
per minute to sond off the desired current.
Do co that,
cufficiont atoan povor must to generatod to roach that spood
bofore the current will be strong, and that is deterined by
the acount of heat needed in the armature to heep a continueus
head of stoan which will beep that wheal continually turning
at the sace rate of spood. faturally the current cannot bo
transmitted until it has reached that spood.
CONCIESTOL
I wish I could gradually inatil into the winds of
science that light da the only sourco of pover and that no
cultiplication of pover con come from light until it ia curved.
A reflecting mirror for exemple willot molar for
ito rays - hoth recoivedand reflected - aro parallal.
curved mirror, hovaver, unether couvez or concave, viji suitipuj
or divide light in accordance vith the sature of its cirvature.
All you have to do la to leok out into spaco surrounding you
to see that me are living in a curved universe and that all
light arriving on this planet from the en is penetrating a
series of curves df which me are on the concavo side, and space
da on the convez side.
The study of light is an optical principle and all pour
nultiplication or division is thercioro optical. The core you
can understand lature a process of grouth through her photo-
cynthetic cptical povor multiplication principlo, the farther
aheed of present scientific standards you and your vondariul
group pay place your solves.
I would love, toorerore, to save
the opportunity,
if we ever do got our noeced laporciory and
staff, to gracually celp then to acquire this inowledge.
Let us know if there are any further questions and in
the noontize ve send you our gratitude for your underatanding.
Ve ever feel God's quiding band.
Sincerely Jcurs,
1.3 :do
Valter Russoll
13. Ve aro enolesing extra copies for Coneral Chepcan, Jajor Sarçent and
'ajor Cripe to refer to as
their loisuro.
As the drawing is sece on tracin
oper, it aloo can be duplicated by blueprint,
WR

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1463, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 6 -
SUPPLENENT
Just as wo aro about to mail this lottor, your latest
Cofence Towe arrivod and
read with great interoot the
to by conventional science by proving this firat emmmple of
pover-projection, I bolieve i could contribute very larçely
toward the isprovement of the Bike Zeus, " by unfolding these
cecrots in rolation to the electron. It iasupon knouledçe of
the relation of the elactren to tho cathede says and to tho
inert gases that the goal we aro socking of povor-projection da
based. izat mystery of the relation of the inert gases and the
cathode raya to the birth and fulfilloont of ratter ia a clone
I door to science and in that knoulecge lice a vast pover for the
improvement of all alectronio and radar techrology.
It is difficult to explain vhat I mean in this chort
The inert cases
tron the sood, if i could espiata to ahea, chorerora, vas
certain incri cases and electron relationanipa vould procuce a tre
of soft wood and other rolationships extracely hard toed, or
that same rolationehip eill produco soft flesh in a huran body
the doctron and rear sates Vich sarca do pike taus possibl
they could apply that inowledça to thecontrol of
To bo able to give thia smibribution, hovever, I rust
first gain the right to be listened to by proving to convonticral
scionce that there lautch peyond their comogeny that they do not
yet inow and it is only tarough that your group day nou do with
the enclosed sodol that this could be accompiished.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2202, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RAYTHEON COMPANY
WALTHAM 54, MASSACHUSETTS
TWINBROOK P-84JO
13 March 1961
PLEASE ADORESS REPLY TO:
MOUNTAIN REGION OFFICE
1422 NORTH HANCOCK STREET
COLORADO SPRINGS. COLORADO
TEL, MELMOSE 3-3848
Dr. and Mrs. Walter Russell
University of Science and Philosophy
Swannanoa,
Waynesboro, Virginia
Dear Lao and Walter:
Thank you for your very nice letter of March 9. I hesitated sending you
the copies of Dr. Letaw's letter, and to inform you of Raytheon's dogmatic
attitude. However, I was very happy to see that you proved yourself the big
person that you are in accepting everything with such tolerance.
We shall be eagerly awaiting the drawings of the small unit, and will go to
work on it just as soon as possible. We, too, are eager to prove the basic
principle of power multiplication because we know that once that is proven,
we can carry on from there indefinitely to solar power, and beyond. In your
original drawings of the shortwave unit, you drew an optical system. showing
the concentration of light through three convex lenses on each side of where
the light was concentrated. This design, I suppose, to demonstrate the com-
plete wave cycle through lenses concentrating light toward the center or sero
point. Would it be possible to construct a simple solar power device by con-
structing it according to this design with three convex lenses with ech one
in cube ratio to the other, and a quartz sphere in the center for concentration
of light? Of course, I suppose, to get the highest efficiency, this system
should be constructed in a vacuum. Would it be logical to use convex lenses
in the diametric ratios of one inch, three inches, and mine inches? It might
be well to construct this model at the same time as the optical dynamo to
prove the relationship of light to so called electrO magnetism.
I am enclosing some papers prepared by a friend of mine which, in several
ways, concur with your theories. She, too, feels it very impo tant that some
sort of solar generator be constructed in the shortest possible time. I thought
you might be interested in some of her thoughts about the three dimensional
spectrum or her design for a solar generator. When you are through with the
Еміни і

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 184, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29
papers, please return them to me.
You may rest assured that as soon as we receive the drawings, we will start
to work on the optical dynamo.
Sincerely,
н. Є.
Mulberger
HCM:jw
Encİ.

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 922, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
March 14, 1961.
Dear Hanry:
Lao thinks I should make a full-scale, more
comprehensive draving of tha armature section.
thought that your mechanics could do a better job in
tight better help I we send tically a son thi
might better
I am to complete it.
This cannot fail to work, for it is true to
principle, but it is only the first step toward proving
this principle of power-projection and it always will be
a crude one in comparison to the power-multiplication or
light itself in the solar power dynano which will
• immediately follow after proving this one.
The more I think of the Nike Zeus system, the
more convinced I am that they could make a better job
of it if they inew the origin of the electron and its
relation tothe inert gases and cathode rays - all of
which is a part of the construction of matter as it
emerges from space.
Ever with our love and kind regards, I am,
Sincerely yours,
Walter Russell
WR :da

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 1921, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3 1.
March 17th, 1960.
Dear Henry;
In answering your question about making a simple
solar dynamo test by the suggestion given in my bar-mag -
must say that it not so simple as that,otherwise i would
have done it long ago. Nature's principies are simple
put chair technological interpretation into macnines anc
engines is not go simple.:
Anowledge alone will
surmount the difficulty of such
interpretation, and i could not delegate that at long distance
Convex lenses are not enough. Nature uses concavity in
matehood with convexity. Work in optics is too empensive
for mee to enter upon on such a scale as would be necessary
to make a model of sufficient power to be anything but a
toy. A laboratory with skilled glass workers of Corning Glass
standars,
and lens maker of Bausch an Lomb skils would be
absolutely necessary. these l would have to direct from
day to day, and I would not undertake it without the ability
to spend up to fifty chousand dollars upon it. With such an
equipment I believe I gould solve the solar power problen
in a few months, and that 1s the greatest need of the woric
of science and industry of today,
in approxinately two yearsfor there is no research necessay;
for principle, only for the time element of trial and error
necessary in every technological interpretation of principle.
I will answer your question regarding Mrs. Walcher in a few
days after again reading the material you sent. I make it a
practice to never criticize another's worky and usually return
such papers, but this case is different, for there is as much
to commend as to criticise, and i owe to you to explain the
fallacies of her mechanisa
asd I owe it to Mrs. Walcher to
explain the stage of cosmic conscious which she has very
evidently reached. I will do it with the feeling that it
be of value to both of you.
In the meantime we send our best wishes and regards.
Sinceraly yours,
Self typed, 3o forgive errors.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2117, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
Dear Henry;
March 19th, 1961.
In answering your question about making a simple
solar dynamo from the suggestion given in the bar magnet
example we must say that it is not so siple as that, otherwise
we would have done it long ago.. Nature's principles are
simple, but their translation into technicological expression
is not
so simple.
Knowledge alone wiil surmount that difficulty and we could not
delegate so high a quality of it at long distance. Conves lense
are not enough, Nature uses concavity in matehood with convexit
in past experiments in collecting solar power. To accomplish
it we would have to have a laboratory with skilled workers in
glass of the Corning Glass Co. standards and in lenses of the
Bausch and Lomb type of workers. These we would have to direct
from day to day and have ample funds for it. With such equipmer
I believe I could solve the solar power problem in a few month:
and that would be the greatest boon to science and industry.
With this second step solved multiplied power in electronics,
radar, long distance television recording of activities anywhe
on the 6-obe, transmutation and power projection would poon
follow-, and the program completed in about two years if an
adequate staff and enough money is provided. Bear in mind
that no research is necessary for principle, only the time
element of trial and error necessar in every technological
interpretation of principle.
Coming back to the optical dynamo for a moment it has occurred
to me that you could test the heating power of your coilss on
your armature without screwing the tank part on, only the
armature section. You could get it up to red hot by plugging
the water hole in coils four and squirting water in both ends
to keep from melting the copper in coils 3 and 4.
You might
judge necessary size that way. I also think that as the
armature is always in water you could safely generate a heat
up to way beyond the melting point of steel and thus get a
large pressure of steam, for the greater the steam pressure
the more brushes can be
added to the armature wheel.
With our best wishes we are
Sincerely yours,

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1395, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 15th, 1961.
z₴
cove
Dear Henry:
Enclosed is copy of telegram I
sent you to make sura you gou it. That
wiring has bothered me from the beginning
as you once said it bothered you. I have
often said that PRINCIPLE needs no experi-
mentingy
principle into laboratory techniques certainly
does require it.
in optics, for example, all of the power of
a lens is
focused in a minute point, whereas
that same amount of power in an electric coil
is spreaa out over many incnes and hundreds
of coil windings.
I sent that telegram because it has been GroWl
growing upon me that perhaps the best way
to overcome that difficulty was by double
wiring the coile and plugs on bota ands,
like the familiar extension cords, but the
traditional way of winding colls with single
-starms made it difficult to even thin@soi
breaking that tradition. It suddenly came
to me that if there is any trouble alorg
the lite, or ore wire will not give enough
double strands and two circuits.
the solution lies in rewiring it with
law demands fat it will, is that alter
if it works as Naturele
the wheel is fully set in motion and many
circuits extending from it, two of thost
by it. Anxiously awaitisg report, and with
our best wishes to all, 1 am
Sincerely yours
P.S. This shows how difficult ic is to do
such things at long distance where I cannot
watch it from moment to moment and consult
with those who are waking it.

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 541, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOI
Wired May 15/61
ih22 North Hancock Street
Colorado Sprines, Colorado
In making experiment first try connecting number four coil wires tov
number four cores. Second make two circuits by connecting coil ends
with coll beginnings. If either of those not sufficient rewind coils
with double/wires with plugs on eachiend like long extension cords,
plugging ends into number four cores and beginninge into current, The
problem to interpret Nature's optics to manta electric wiring
necessarily involves some export tInE.
Signed:
Walter Russell

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 3019, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LETTER TO HENRY MULBERGER IN
ANSWER TO A REQUEST FOR A
DIAGNOSIS OF THE COSMIC MESSAGE
REVEALED TO GERTRUDE A WALCHER.
Dear Henry:
March 21st,
ESi
We have both carefully read and studied the manuscript
you sent regarding Gertrude Walcher and feal it our duty as
adanced Illuminates to be of help to one who has very evidently.
beel blessed with a touch of coamic consciousness which she is
magnifying to such an alarmig assumption that it could wreck ner
instead of exalting her. If she would read Dr. Richard Bucketsi
world in respect to that higher quality in
man, He was not mislead \
into assuming that he had it all as she issha did not even exparience
that ilash of complete severance of consciousness from sensation
which has occurred to less that forty humans in all history. Lao
and I fully comprehend her stage for Lao has repeatedly experienced
it from three years of age till now, and i have from seven years of
long sustained periods, my last one
filling thirty nine days, as you
know•
God gives little and big messages to those who are able to bear than,
and such messages given should be fulfilled within the meagure of the
knowledge given, otherwise a little knowlecge is a dangerous thing.
Up to a certain
point sne has revealed her comprehension of great
truths based upon her long study of crystology but beyond that she
has fallen into the usual pit of intensifying her deductive reasonine
from observed effects and has built an entirely unnatural and false
cosmogony which reached into a long serier of utter absurdities, such
as saying the sun is not hot in a universe of motion in which the
creative pendulum swings between cold and heat, or that she belives
she is growing diamonds from parafin simply because its crystals
are cubes. She makes use of that fact to claim that diamonds
are
not grown under great pressures, which is contrary to Nature's
mechanics, her densities are acquired only througn pressures or
varying intensities, not because of their crystal forts colin that e
scdium chloride cube crystals would have equal right to
they were diamonds as thr right of parafin cube crystals have.
Her glimpse into the invisible was suiticient to have her recognize
the import of the spectrun in the making of a dynamic universe but
her evident love of the tetrahedron rather than the cube caused her
blues crossing the equator of the sun
to conceive of it in to of the an errine cade in paralle
off' then making the blues follow one half of the earstar and splis
right and left of it in a manner which does not even remotel
resempie Nature's division of it into pairs which are at oppositar
sides of the equator, the blus? following the axis and the yellows:
following the equator at ninety degrees from each other. She expla
(See drawing following page 11)
She did, Lowever, note the importa
part photosyatheses has to play in Nature, and their are other
evidences of
her right to be classed as one of the rare humans who
have passed heyond the genius stage.
In cases of what we call "on

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 2745, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
" as differentiated from the Illuminates of many
they unforcunately return to the accepted
belief in their validity. Thus she deals with magnetism" and
"electrich" with her intensified imagination, which accepts even
the "dagnetic lines of force theory of propulsion of "flying saucers"
which she also accepts and buids impossibis solar engine concepte
with the aid of such forces. She goes even so far as to clain that
magnetisemi can be insulated from matter at cleavage planes of
crystals. GRAVITY is the force which she (and science also) attribues
to magnetism and gravity cannot be insulated from any form of matter.
for gravity brought/into being and controls ita return to its zero.
matter
The same holds true for her statements aboutmatter returning to its
basic hydrogen. Again she accepts the Mendeleef table as complate,
where there are, in inct, three octaveswhich precedeit. In any case
matter of any octave does not return to its first eiement ii destroyad
by flame. It returns to its zero in the inert gases. Her reasoning
is equivalent to
saying that if a harp da destryed all of its sounds
return to their lowest sound, rather than to the zero of silence
out of which sound vibrations are born.
in all candor and nonesty we must say that we see only violent
distortions in all of her principles of mechanical interpretaions
of Naturets power forces, The reading of all that typed matter on
her photostat with a nagnifying glass led into such mazes of fairy
tale concepta that we gave up before half through.
******
* *
The above criticisus are desinged to be helpful
we believe that God gave her a purpose to fulfill in her own measure
of ability to fulfill it. All through her document one note stande
out fully and clearly - her lover for, and ner kowledge or crystolog!
the have to kon ta tas one one a with that le her cops i cor
as depicted on
the last pages of Chapter one. Coupled with that
the suffering individual as evidenced in her notes upon self inflicted
cancer. We note that in one place she said that she believer her
destiny lies in the direction of isolating the cancer crystal. THAN
is what we belleve her destiny to be, coupled with the dieat and
tensions of humans who create their own cancere, for cancer was not
know by the aporigines.
If she could but realiza that her glimpse into universal omniscience
was but a pin hole paep, but that she nad a very much enlarged peep
into that part of it which her life had propared her for, and bacone
service of incalculable valua to a needy and sich human race.
With the hope that this letter will be taken in the spirit of helpful
for which it was written, and the assurance that it will be by both
Mrs. Walcher and You,
Sincerdly toutyr best wishes, we remain

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 2506, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 2, 1961
Dear Peg:
Only great pressure here and many visitors insisting
upon and interview has presented a letter to you for we
have been so sorry about your illness and then the accident
to your leg. We trust that by now you are feeling much
much better if not entirely well.
The weather has not
helped much either for undoubtadly you have had it cold as
we have here.' Today the sun is beautiful and we are hoping
that warn weather will soon come to stay.
In any case we
have warmer weather sooner than you do and soue day soon
we trust you will be near to share this with us.
* The dogwood is coming out and the mountain top begins
to look like a veritable fairyland. Cur multitude of birds
that return each spring fill the air with joy and as they
go about the business of building their nests and preparing
for their babies one wishes that all mankind could live as
joyously together creating beaaty instead of destruction.
Last night we watched the May Day celebrations in Roscos
and to watch the faces of those men viewing their nachines
of death with their malevolent expressions made ona's soul
recoil.
One could not help but rechil the May Day calebrations
of yore wnen
' children danced around their flowor bedacked
Maypoles with their pretty ribbons flying in the breeze.
Che
is ever reminded today how short is the time left for man to
regain balance in our world of greed and death. We HOW that
we have the answer and we feel that with the aid of your little
gromp out there we CAN save our beautiful worid IN TIME.
The delays which have been occasioned by illness and
such are perhaps all part of the Great Plan for thera is alway
the RIGHT timo for a special event to take place and sometine:
we humans want to make it happen too soon.
Each day the news
makes the job'of those at the top more difficult and this in
turn will prepare them for the great announcement of our plans
However, as the General in charge of the running correntary of
the Moscow display said in closing last night there is not
moment to lose if we are to catch up with the Russiansi and w
now feel that we must not wait to prove one thing at a time wh
we get underway but have more man-power and get the three grea
steps going as soon as possibia.
I wanted to add sone thought
on this for Hank so will write it in a little separate note wh
I know you will give to him for as. I did not datend
to go i
all these things in this note to you for it was really to tell
full of grief for the world and that Moscow
(0m )

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1308, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--2--
3 ₴
my being with a sense of urgency.
I wish you could all be here for Doctor's 90th
birthday. Cur Directors are coming and several other
friends and students want to come. It will be quite a
day and as you know the crowning happiness will be the
news from Henry.
We do hope that we shall soon meet you in person
for you are already very real to us in Mind.
when we.
hear fron you again we trust you will be able to say
yom are BETTER and you know wh are looking forward to
seeing you in the very nearfuture.
With our combined good wishes for your health,
I am
Sincerely yours,
Lao Russel]
P.S. Since my letter ran to two pages I will add the P.S.
for Henry•+•••
Doctor and I feel that because of the urgency for scientific
achievement beyond that which is now known that when power
multiplication is demonstrated electrically the program for
the laboratory should be three-fold: (1) Demonstrate if
electronically to multiply redar power, (2) Power multiplicatior
of solar
light for unlinited power without fuel - and (3) by
ironmatation
so we comid create better metals and also to
have a remedy for gold scarcity if our eccronic stability is
threatened. As electromonic multiplication is the basis of
power projection the development of all three of these princip
will contribute to this final goal.

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 332, "chars": 1922, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 26th, 1961.
Dear Henry;
In liew of the impossibility of our being
able to work with you from day to day in trying to make
bungling masses of wire to to light what simple lenses
do optically, the suggestion of Major Cripe that we both
work on the problem and interchange our findings is a
happy one•
Lao and I have been working together on this with the
same concentrativeness that we give to all our books and
course which have ripened our minds together into a
oneness which allloreative thinkers would profit by if
they emulate, my thinking, for example, has stressed
the spectrum as such, while Laa's thinking on that line
has gone deeper into
the roots of it by thinking the
spectrum as male and female - and their relative balance
or unbalance.
We both have worried about carrying that one wire all
through the whole four coils, and how it can possibly
emulate the lenses of Nature
which multiply their power
in the cube ratio from l to four, growing smaller as
they approach No. 4, - while we are obliged to make onr
solenoids, which emulate lenses, bigger and bigger.
We re-studied our drawings and made many diagrams ofNature's
ways, such as the two which are attached to this page.
OL shows the way converging light rays compress them
and give MORE power to SMALLER arcs of pressure gradiant
which surrounds the earth. Then we studied the opposite
effect where little brooks join together to maka a BIGGER
river and power then multiplies as the many bittle
added one by one, make the river bigger and bizger
as it multiplies power.
Why can't we add our wires
Suddenly Leo said; #Walter, we have to distribute our power
together in order to multily power was the brooks add
That caused us to re-open our long closed little laboratory
and dust off all the rheostats, voltmeters, transformers
and high-frequency apparatus preparatory to trying out that
idea. That is why we telephonad you to suggest that we try

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 26- 2 -
that kind of wiring after first proving it on small scale with 26
gauge wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, for we dare not use high
voltage for fear of accident,
We have since found that one of our
students who worked with us bffore when we did use house current,
can come here for long enough to work on higher voltage.
****
*********
We are carrying out Major Cripe's suggestion to tell you what we are
intending to do so you can think it over and re-wire when we find
out that it works - or perhaps you can work the same thing out in
your own way•
inscead of one wire extending irom che positive pole oi a circuit
extend eight wires from it. As each brook geca its increasing volcage
by an ever increasing gravity pressure, and assuming that pressure to
be 110 volts, all of the eight wires are equally charged with 110
volts+
(20 Make the first two wires 14 gauge, the secodd two 18 gauge. the
third two of 22 and the fourth two 22 gauge,
would turn a right hand cork
Would turn a fight hand trek sued with your ich hima. the way you
(4) When the
colf is completed test it with rheostat for resistance
and check voltage.
Then wind the second coil with TWO wires by aading
the second to the first. Continue it until you have an amount
resistence equal to coil No, l by checking it and adding or subtracting
until the two do check. This you also do with each added coil.
(5) Now take the two 18 gauge wires and wind the four in the No. 3
coil. After checkingwind the aunmammmraankmaha coil No. 3 (which
has four wires on it) then add the other four wires to then and
wind all eight wires on the number 4 coil until it equals the others
* in resistance*
By twisting the eight wites together at each and
we now have a cablo, within which we have stepped up power as brooks
• step it up in the river.
(60 Now connect the No. 4 NEGATIVE cable end to the copper tank if
you have it made. If you do not yet have the tank sida then attach
the eight wire cable end to a large bar of steel or coopper, on the
other end of which you can attach the POSITIVE end of the other
parallel series temporarily until the tank is made. You could not
attach both ends of the cable together without that big bar for they
would fuse. The big bar will absorb the heat long enough for your tests
but if connected too long it would grow red hot, or even melt,
(7) Now repeat this series in reverse to create a FEMAis mate on the
green side of the spectrum. Start with the negative pole at the no. l
coil and wind it anti-clockwise as your left hand would turn a laft
hand corkscrew. When you have completed the series the end of that
cable will be negative.
********
This is what we are trying and will let you know the results. We wou
appreciate your thoughts on this matter.
we gave
emulated Nature optically,
electrically and
ahould
be able to demonstrate her power oi
multiplication the same way the brooks become a Niagara, or helium

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 1907, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
42
and the four pairs of elements in the helium octave multiply to
the great density and high melting point of carbon.
And as the rivers come bo rest in the ocean to form a storage
battery for repeating the brooks and rivers perpetually so, also,
we can take a few oi our multiplied extensions to charge a
goodly
sized storage batter for repeating our Niagara constructed by wires
instead of water. In that way we can demonstrate as near as possible
with material machines be perpetual motion of Nature. Whan we can
do this optically and produce a solara dynamo we will chan have a
perfect perpetual motion machine.
This means that dynamos like this can be made for sale which will
give every home, power plant of industry, or city all the power
they need for every purpose, including heat, and thus solve the
oil problem,
Such a unit as the one we are making can be extended indefinately
in series, both to right and left, with armature after armature.
when we can also apply this principle of power multiplication which
Nature ALWAYS makesuse of in creating ALL MATIER and ALL EFFECTS,
to then on out 0 i to ache the one to have ben a line
As we see it,it is the only way we can save the world from
anninilation, for it
will make any nation impregnable to attack
from any other nation.
It will also remove the cause of war by giving every nation and all
peoples all they need for survival on equal levels, everywhere.
The stakes are high. They are well worth working hard for, and this
first step is the hardest of all.
Looking forward to hearing from you as you progress, and the pleasure
of that interchange of ideas as we progress, and with our best regards
Mesars Chipman, Gripe and Sargent, we are
Cordially yours.
Walter and Lao Russell,
P. S. You once asked if the current produced
and transmitted would be AC of DO, If AC
is put into it AC will come out of it. It
will not need to be transformed.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 425, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Eight light rays comś
3 4
Nature multiplies power only
through convex curvature and divides
it only through concave curvature.
ALL PONER IS GHAVITY CONTROLLED
AND CURVATURE IS THE BASIS OF THAT
CONTROL
The river
The tree.
3
the photo-synchetic process of
growing a croe is the
reverse of the process
of growing a river.
The river flows TOWARD
maximum gravity and the tree
flows (grows) away from it.
712 hotd
15 parmada
EPEK

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 236, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that kind of viring-after first proving it on small. scale with 26
gauge wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, Tor we
dare not use
high voltage Tor fear of accident.. we have found that one of ou
student who worked with us before
> ÇL
‡

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 558, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 27th, 1961.
Dear Henry;
22
Page No. 2 on the letter we sent you yesterday
is a bit confusing the way we have written it. We have
rewritten it to make it more clear and attached a simple
diagram to add to the clarity. Please destroy the first
So. 2 and substitute this one.
Sincerely yours,
Walter and Lao Russell.
May 26 -2-
that kind of wiring after first proving it on small scale with 26
gauge wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, for we dare not use
high voltage for fear of accident.. We have found that one of our
student who worked with us before

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2484, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
45
May 26 -2-
that kird of wiring after proving it on small scale with 26 gauge
wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, for we dere rot use high voltage
ourselves. We have a student who has wecked with us before and is
faniliar with high voltages and ha will come with us long enough
to test our coils on house current.
*******
* *
*
We are carrying out Major Cripes suggeation to tell you what we are
intending to do so you can think it over and apply it to your wiring
if our tests prove out. The following describes our experiment.
Instead of one wire extending from the positive and negative
poles of a circuit (if you use one circuit) extend eight wires from
each pole Make to wire aust the tops these sure, and
the next four 22 gauge.
We can twist
together to simulate a cable but they must then hang free for
distribution ovor consecutive coils, as decribed by the following.
(2) We will wind the first wire around coil No. 1 clockwise, the
way you would turn a right hand corkscrew with the right hand. When
coil is completed it must be checked with voltmeter and rheostat
for resistance.
(39 The socond coil will be wound with IWO wires by adding the second
wire to the first, Continue till resistance checks with coil No. 1.
(4) We will then wind No, 3 coil with the two legauge wires added
to the first two, We now have four wires, like four brooks joined
together to give more gravity pressure to the river. Check to make
it equal to the others.
We will then add the four 22 gauge wires to the other four and
complete coil No. 4 in same way, also chacking for balance.
(6) We will thenconnect the eight wires of the positive pole with
a large bar of iron or coper, but you will have your tank sides to
soder them to.
(7) We will then repeat the operation in reverse on the other parallel
series by winding them as one would wind a left hand corkscrew with
the left hand.
We will then connect the negative cable with the
other end of the steel or copper bare IF WE COmECLED THE CABLES TO
BACH OTHER THEI HOULD FUSES THE BAR ITSEIN WILL GRADUALLY HEAT TO
RED OR WHITE HOT. You will have the tank sides to connect them to
and water will be in the tank.
(8) If you use two circuits instead of one, then connect the opposite
poles of each with a similar eight wire cable.
********
If we have emulated Nature optically, hydraulically and electrically
we should be able to demonstrate her
power of multiplication the
same way that mary brooks become a mighty Niagara, or how helium

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1957, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 31 / 61
46
Dear Henry and Associates.
This is a further record of our work on The Russell's Optic
dynamo and new thoughts arising from same.
Regarding checking each coil for equalizing resistance.
More mature thinking tells us that the error of doing that. These
eight coils are not separate colis, iney are two maces oi one pair.
Bach four coils are one and each of the two grous of four
shadd shou
be checked at the number four coil for equal resistance.
We refer to Nature for reasons.
Nature's every expression piles
up resistance it iour cotava steps and focuses it maximum at the
number five position between the mated pairs.
THAT IS THE VERY
ESSENCE OF NATURS'S POWER MULTIPLICATION PRINCIPLE.
-BRAMPLE NO.I. THE HEELUMAOCTAVE.
HELIUM
o
LI THIUM
BERYLLIUM BORONE
CARBON HITROOED OLIGEN
2 FLUORI
- 271
186
MELTING PORTS
1280
4-0-4
=-(centigrade)
2350
3600
-210 -218
-223
The helium octave is the central,-or fifth - of the nine octaves.
Note that the red side of it accumulates compression rapidly until
it jumps from -271 gas to plus 3000 degrees of solidity nd density.
the green side never reaches solicyty for that octave is the turning
point where genero-activity yields its naximum power to radioactivity.
Take note also that resistance means compression, and compression
means heat, and heat multiplication means to generate.
COMPARE THIS WITH THE SIXTH OCTAVE
NEON SODIUM
HAGNESIUM
ALUMINUM
STiIcON
PHOSPHORUS SULPHUR CHLOR
4-0-4
-253
98
651
MELTING POINTS
659
SPECTRUM
1470
725
119
- 102
red-violet
anange
Blue-violet
green-
indigo
orange
yellow - yellow
blue
blue
COLD:
Heat multiplies
heat multipies
COLD
Conclusion:
It therefore follows that each aate pair should be
considered as equal WHOLES and not as separate cóils.
ELAMPLE NO 2 GROWTH OF MAN
Man starts at zero as a baby. He passes through four generative
stages of multiplying power - childhood - boyhood - youth and
natured machocd.
Han represents the red side of the spectrum

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 1919, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2 -
Woman is the mate to man. She passes through the same stages of
accumulating power in the same way. Woman represents the green
side of the spectrum.
At full naturity their united powers are maximum and their generative
powers reverse toward radiative poumsm cold.
RIVERS AND OCEANS
EXAMPLE NO. B 3
All the brooks and rivers multiply their power and give it to all
the oceana.
The oceans forever divide their power and give it back
to the brooks and rivers*
The very essence of Naturels power multiplication principle is to
generate heat and powor by compressive resistance in FOUR OCTAVE
STEPS. Beyond that Nature does not allow further multiplication.
NATURE'S PAIRS OF FOUR THEN MEET AND THE CYCLE REVERSES.
If we call that meetits point No. hath in our heavensatepdsents
man and wonan are that No. 5.
that No. 5 position. The fulcrum of the lever also represents
that No. 5 position.
Some day we would like to explain to you what that characteristic
of Nature really is, and why it is so basic. If that wave charac-
terisc was known by
present day science its mathematics would be
more reliable and its axiums would be truths instead of assumptions
which prove to be not truths.
REGARDING CONNECTING THE CABLE ENDS.
In our last letter we drew a diagram showing the No. 4 cable ends
connected by a bar of steel or copper. lou will note that the bar
is not on the core axis. That was done purposely to create a mininum
of heat. If the bar - especially of magnetic soft iron is placed
on center - in the armature position, that would be the point of
optical focus - or gravity centar, where heat would be maxinum.
EXAHPLES.
A bi-conver lens like Fig.l
The same lena show face view
seen edgewise, would look like
would look like this. its hottest
this. The arrows show the
part (resistance) would be its
direction of increasing resistance. outer rim.
Warm rin - cool center
Hot Pocus
Paper would burn
at this point.

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1402, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=3- May 31-/61
48
When we impersonate a lens with a solenoid the same effect takes
place but in a less efficient manner because of the impossibility
to make wires do what lenses do. Fig. 3 is a solenoid coil
with d lens superimposed on it to illustrate how heat resistance
always multiplies
FIRST by expansion toward the rim of a lens or
solenoid, then SECOND, by compression toward a focal point.
This it always does in four octave steps and erds in what is known
as the opposite poles of a bar magnet. i
Pigs 4•
T
-
Hot pole
7
Hot locus
7
The above diagram is pade to show why very little of the resistant
heat will accumulate in the wires themselves, It is the diffraction
rings in lenses and the turns of e coil what cause focal centers
---or GRAVITY POLES - to form on the wave axis.
NOTE the wave axis is a continually extending fulcrum. Every turn
in a coil is a wave lever, The fulcrum of a wave befins at its
zero cathode and ends at its anode. The wave axis is always static
- for the fulcrum never moves - and the lens rings and coil turns
are always dynamic, for motion is continuous in itsextensiors.
All of this is necessary
to comprehend for one who desires to
know the secret of how kabter emerges irom space.
We will continue our work in the laboratory on Friday. We are not
working Thursday for Dr. Pago is coming.
With our best wisnes we are
Sincerely yours,
Walter and "so lussell.

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2106, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 3rd. 1961.
Dear Henry:
weighty
Dr. Page's visit was of such wanty importance to
what we are doing together that we thought we shouid tell you
which, speciall? ag he sent you a message or advice through us
should be transmitted to you.
He came for lunch
and a few hours visit and talk, but after the
first confusion of trying to grasp an entirely now concept of
che universe, he began to see it and became nigaly intorested.
He then forgot about recurning and eleven oclock cade and we
were stll talking, and studying the wave-geometry diagrams. These
interested him immensely and he studied then with nuch interest.
His conatant reference to their application to radar, and our
explanation about the true nature of the wave which caused us
co wire our colls as we are doing, convinced us that he was tryin
to see radar in the optic sense.
That made us feel that if we
ever succeed in getting cur laboratory for furthering this work
we should immediataly add the improvement of radar techiéque
to include it with the solar dynamo as our mess part of our
program-
Next morning we took up that phase of it again and road many
pages or a manuscript he had written on radar for a book which
he hopes to have printed within six months. he assed sany questio
The advice he wishes us to transmit to you is as follows;
ray. Do not say it ded not week futand left up. any time
in his life he has seen great successes come out of seemingly
obvious failures, and the issues here are too great to accept
defeat if it does not come right at first.
He told of a dain experiment in which the receiver and transmitte
groups were on opposite sides of a river. Everything seemed to
be going fine when a sudden break, followed by a totally
different and unexplainable effect, came into the recorder. Then
it vent well for another period, and again a break. Grer and
over this happened and they were about to conclude that their
experiment had not succeeded when someone noticed that these
breaks always occurred when a ship passed betweer. their lines, or
a plane passed overhead. Out of that failure came the accidental

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 2752, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2- June 3rd.
discovery of radar.
In our case we might meet with some simple
thing like that which demeived us into thinking we had failed.
Even so simple a ching as using alternating current might make
it seen a failure. Direct current is Nature's way and if A.C had
the same effect upon the diffraction rings of optics as they do
opon the rings of wire in coils which impersonate the diffraction
rings of light in lenses the entire cause would be lost through
such a little thing as that.
He also advised that when you found success there should be a summit
conference regarding what to do WITH it and ABOUT it, for it would have
such far reaching effect on world economy that it would do nore to
help establish our national prestige than sonding man to the moon.
inia idea grow out of our beliei
work need not be kept secret, out give to up hovermentort of dorid
for the explicit purpose ofbeating Hussia to her own game. We
explained cas che parts which snould be kept secret ars cransnucation
and power projection
multi¿lication
the word had to and act one
within the next two years many of the causes or
should be removed and che United Statas would regain her losing
prestige.
At one period he qussuioned whether we should not have at first
tried out our multiplication of power idea on the solar dyname,
which had a purely optical technique, instead of the optical dyname.
that a way should be found to do the ocher, we know, however, is use
what we are doing will word. it would, pernaps, be better to
D. C. instead of A. C.
In a few daya we will write Dr. Page and answer some questions
about radar which he asked us to consider. We will send you a copy
of this lecter for it will help to a better comprehension of the
nature of light and the wave upon which the science of tomorrow must
wave upon wisen the
be based.
With our sincere regards to you and your associates fax who are
working with us to open the door to the wirolass world of space and
to build a barrier which will shut fear of Russia out of our thinking
by rendering it helpless to hurt us, We are
Sincerely yours,
Halter and Lao Russell.
P. S. It might pleasa you to know that Dr. Page was first attracted
to us a year ago by the work of Leo, and ner picture, and a reading
of the purpose cf out Universicy, he is an ardent searcner for Coo
and the spiritual foundation oi the universe, such as Lao so clearly
pictured in COD WILL WORK WITH YOU BUT NOT FOR YOU. He felt that he
must talk to her about it but pressure of current affairs delayad him
until your letter, and another from Captain Bruning nade him resolve to
find time codo what will, he is a very remakable man, u groat ocientis
and man of more chan extraordinary vision, deep numility and a very
lovable nacure,

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2315, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 22, 1961.
Dear Henry and Associates;
Your letter of the 19th indicated a wise desision to continue
cometwee along the lines of our original drawings until you
can make a test, for nothing would be gained by duplicating
our efforts. We also fully realize the fast approaching day
are working with you to hasten the
af being on you hasten the dad feir eat of
Russia. The prime reason for our working here, however, is
because it is so very difficult a worx of translating a wirelese
optical process to electric equipment which requires co do
what light rays do. Compieted drawings cannoc, therefore,
be made which are not subject to change as problems of that
translation arise from day to day.
We should be right with you while you are vorking on our first
model for that reason alone, out as we cannot be out there we
wa are working full time on a anall scale model along the lines
we described in our last letter to test our heat and the gravity
pull which indicates power multiplication, without considering
the tank or armature wheel.
Our firet teas showed an astonishing gravity pull which proved
to us that we had multiplied power as nature does it in her
octave spectrum. This was more astonishing because we used only
15 volts by reducing our 110 volt A. C. current by passing it
through a 20 volt rectifier. Even with that small voltage it
took a mighty hard pull to remove a steel bar from its two
No. 4 pole ends..
When we tried it on straight A. C. with full 110 volts we did
nou gec any were near слас result
which means that the full
wave of Nature must be used as D. C. expresses it. Our test:
showed us very much, and caused us to make a still more drastic
change in our degign. We also nave used 40,000 feet and the
additiona. change will take at least 20,000 more. We are at
work on that change now.
After our talk with Dr. Page we feel that a new radar is thefir
negassity, one which does not require curning the antenna to
scan the horizon and upper skies. We have lull plans for that
already and could produce a test model in a few weeks which
would see in all directions at once and record approaching
missiles on five screens side by side instead of one. We hinted
as much to Dr. Page, but we had an inate feeling that he woulc
do nothing until we
had proved this, lor our science was so

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 834, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jie 22- 2
52
Within two weeks we will make another test and report to you. We
agree with Dr. Page that the first ching to do when we prove our
power multiplication principle by making a working model, is to
have a summit meeting and be advised as to the best procedure to
take for national and world benefit, as well as for Laofs and my
protection as inventors.
to be in the position of reimbursing those like
You and your fellow workers and make it presidle for tou to be with
us on our future scientific developments. There is a tremencous
job to be dona and not a moment to lose and so many littla chinge
prove to us that God is working with us.
Again thanking you for your ever dedicated help and understanding'
and with our warm regards and best wishes to you and your associates,
we are
Sincerely yours,
Walter and Lao Russell.

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3104, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
July 3rd. 1961,
Dear lienry:
Wo have made two test nodels now which have had such ilainining resuita
we are writing to suggeat that you suspend your efforts out there urtil
we carry our tests to a conclusion, for we have already found that the diagrars
you have are rot sufficient to interpret this purely optical principle to
an electrie process.
Our first step was to multiply the power of gravity. With only a fifteen
volt current through our twenty volt rectifier we obtained an anaging gravity
pull at our arcature poles, much nore than the ordinary coils obtain fron
a 110 volt current. Cur second test on a larger scals medal with 60,CCO
feet of 22 and 25 wirea, absolitely -but very druratically - proved the
multiplication of heat principle. With 15 volts a hot spark leaped acrose
a small gap between the poles in which we had placed a stall bit of coft iron
to act as a fuse to cut off the circuit or sam us against a greater fuse.
That encouraged us to turn on 48 volts from four Willard storage batteries.
The very instant our electrical helper turned it on a great flash fused the
right hand No. 4 coil and incinerated the no. 26 wires which we had wound with
four lo, 22 to rake eight strands. All of that copper wire was like black
carbon. It crumbled to black powder upon trying to pick pieces of it up.
We then made an enlightoning discovery, While the right section was dead and
would not pick up even a tack, the left section wae intact and pulled nighty
hard at even 15 volts. Cur electrician thought it might be because we had
wound more wire on the right hand side than the left but further exandnation
revealed that that the real cause was because the right hard series was locke
tight by a nut which screwed on the steel red upon which all the coils were
strung, but the left side was free to glide on the rod because the ether nut
could not bo found which would lock it. When the flash care these left coils
alid apart on that rod to find a balance upon their octave spectru foci.
or spectrun position, That accident led to the inportant discovery that thear n
a way to locata the four pairs of foci on a bar magnet which we thought was
not posalble except for the polar ones. That is a great step in helping to
tranalate this optical principle into an electrical process.
We rade one mistake in making the coils so big that the cost was several humd?
of dollars for the two tests and consumed several weeks of time. he shawad
will hereafter, make small coils of organ or refrigerator sizes which can t
quickly and cheaply made. and keep you informed of progress. We feel confic
of conquering the technique because of having proved the principle. he fee?
however that we abould not have tried to delegate work which needed our
personal presence during every step, and, for that reason, we should not 1
you take time and cause you expense when we found that it is impossible to
tell every step in advance of experiment.
Knowing that you will agree with our suggestion as being wise, and assuring
you trat the gravity Fine time elepent will hurry us as fast as possible
we remain

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1652, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
July 22. 1961.
Dear Henry;
We have not reported results to you before this, as we
expected to do, because each of the tests we have so far
made have proven to us that the result we are seeking
cannot be quickly done. At best it is a long pull, perhaps
till fall, for delays in waiting for new bobbins sade to
other dearest ich new set, and each test, tell
other delays, slow us up.
us that we must get oloser to the optical nature of light and
power, and that means that if solenoids are simulating
lenses they must do what lenses co, especially must they
be in true relative focus with each other.
We are having very convincing results and clearly sea that
success ahead, but we cannot escape the trials and errors
which always accompany any great discovery. It is no task
which busy men like your group, who have to travel nueb
should undertake, and core especially because the early
training of each of you nakes it impossibla to judge results.
Instead of seeing progress you night feel that you had struck
a dead end.
We deeply regret the delay, for we well know that we can be c
no service to NORAD until we have proven this one power-
lap of the Gods, so we will keep on.
Did you try out your coils at all, and if so what did you fin
We predict that your No. 4 coil ends fused, as ours did, and
as they should do. That was our first great lesson which led
us to the right trail. We will keep you informed at least mon
In the meantime we would be pleased to hear from you and how
faith in ultimate success is unswerving, and will be
until we, ourselves, tell you otherwise.
With our sincere regards, we are
Sincerely yours
Walter and Lao Russell.

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 1843, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AYT IED
5 >
RAYTHEON COMPANY
WALTHAM 54. MASSACHUSETTS
TWIN#ROOK 9.8400
PLEASE ADDRESS REPLY TO:
MOUNTAIN REGION OFFICE
1422 NORTH HANCOCK STREET
COLORADO SPRINGS. COLORADO
TEL MELIOSE 3-3846
7 September 1961
Dear Walter and Lao:
I want to thank you for the warm hospitality that you extended to Peg and
the children when they were back in Virginia. They were all very impressed
with meeting you and Lao, and with the many beautiful art treasures in your
home. I wish I could have been there with them but as you know, it is quite
difficult for me to justify a trip outside of my territory.
I was very much impressed with the description you gave me over the phone
about the progress you are making on the generator. If it is possible for you
to tell me at this time, it would be interesting to know what voltage and
amperage you are putting into the generator and the level of the power out-
put. Is it direct or alternating current? Peg tells me that you may be
ready to affect a full scale demonstration in November or December. We
• certainly will be looking forward to this, and I know that we shall have no
trouble in getting military support once the equipment is demonstrated.
Peg and I attended a party at General Chapman's last night. There were
about eighteen other Generals there along with two Canadian Air Vice
Marshalls and two Admirals. General Chapman just received hi. second star,
and being a M/General he can no longer serve in his position at NORAD, and
will be transferred next month to Atlanta, Georgia. We all hate to see him go.
He asks about you frequently. It certainly will be refreshing to be able to
announce a startling advance on the constructive side of power generation at
a time when the destructive forces of radiation are so rampant in the world.
sincerely,
Osank
H. C. Mulberger
HCM:jw
ellence in El
utur

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 2685, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
September 10th, 1951.
Dear Henry:
We were very happy to hear that Peg and the children enjoyed
their visit although we were assured that they did by their
very happy attitude, We loved your adorable children, The
little one gave us both a spontaneous hug and kiss when they
departed. We do congratulate you upon having ao wonderful a
wife and children
We were delighted to hear of Cereral Chapman's
secor
star but saddened because he has to break up his home and
'leave a place whera he ao closely integrated, Do extend our
congratulations to hin and say that we hope he can ba a namber
of that summit committee which we hope to have visit us very
early in October, as Dr. Page indicated the wisdon of forming.
When we told Peg that we would be ready for full scale demonstrati
in November or December we meant that the whole assembly would
then be completed and actually taking up our ten killowat load
nero, which is the amount used for tight, neat, electric and
stem power, including elevator, motors and 220 current needer
for stoves and elevator. When we can then turn off the town supply
and show that we can create our own supply of light, heat and
power indefinitely without any fuel cost whatsoever, that is the
thing which will open up a new day in worid hiscory and be the
greatest contribution to science ever given in all history. It wil
also disprove for sciance its fundamental claim that menergy
cannot run up hill," it can only run down hill, in accorance
with the second law of thermodynamics. When we
prove chat we will
have proved that power can be multiplied by multiplying hers fAd,
and not limited to being divided by the expansion ofẠradiant
energy
We did not mean that we would not be ready for that summit meeting
until November,
and we must not wait bill then because of the
fast approach of the berlin crisis whieh an announcement by the
President of the United States of this discovery as early in
November maupossible is the only remedy for. Such an announcament
would give to America more prestige than sending a hundred men
to the moon, We will be ready for that summit meeting in about
three weeks when we inform you that our completed commercial size
working model has given final proof that our test modols were
workable in full scale, The summit meeting should then prepars
to alert the President of his marvellous opportunity to capture
world attention, interest and admiration in such overmelning
force,and nave such an eifact on korid economy, prospericy anc
security that patty qualiels among men about nothing would or
instantly forgotten. Such a summit meeting should necessarily
have members who are qualified to scientifically know that the

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 2858, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that is all the committee needs to know. wien she public,
that has a different paychology. The public wants to
kow that it 15 actually working and producing. As it will take
precious time away from the few monthsremaing from the time of
signbing that trouble making treaty, the summit connittee must
begin at once to lay its plans for the President's announcement.
Think of the great jolt to the world of an announcement by its
President that a greater safeer power chan atomic energy is now
given to the world oi industry, tranaportation and every other
activity oi man which demands neat
measure or Niagara measure AT NO FUEL COST WHATSOEVER.
Think of the great joy and relief it would be to the millions
oi people in Western European nations to be forever freed from
the necessity of obtaining oil from other nations, Think of the
thousands of ships on the seas, planes in the air and automobiles
by millions on the streets which could travel indefinitely of
self generating power planta which would not,on snips, take pore
that ten percent of the space now neede for scorage bins.
Think of the millions oi square miles oi such arctic countries as
Siberig and canada, where rood raising is irpossicle, now made
possible by nuge green rouses, neaced at no juel cost whatsoever
in which even tropical tuits could be raised as well as bannerate
zone fruits and vegetables. Think also of winter crops romade
possible. And think of ths tremendous fortunes which could be made
in real estate in sucn countries in which such vaso acreage of
valueloss land would then acquire great valus. Undoubtedly a new
form of architecture would be evolved in large communitias where
great buildings would cover miles of contiruous sections, ll under
one roof and all heaved from one reaator plant.
pover needs at no cost other tran giving needed service
machine. But there remain the commercial angle of imense fortunes
which await the powerful utility and oil companies all over the
world which lies in the manufacture of the countless millions of
reactor assemblies which will take more than a generation to even
touch the frings of demand for them. During this long interval'
the se companies would have tine to readjust their affairs from
the present status to the new without loss.
In such a changed world where transmission lines would to longer
scar earth's forests, nor coal mines be currowed for their heat
oil bank-anips no longer plowed one sea:
with their thimble-ful measures of heat, in comarison with chis
new supply of heat-power, the opportunities for all men to gain
the abundance of their dreams would so occupy them that the great
need of man for the services of ra would drive out all thought
of killing hin by suicidal wars.
And now for answering your questions. We began with small scale
modals, the smilast weiskise but tuantr naunde ana naive ta oc

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2254, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
wire and D.C. current of not more than 48 volts. From there we
we out in, weight about sunty pounds. We used our lid A.C. nousa
current•
The success we had with that decided us to make a realtprofesaional"
model, lathe wound, and mathenatically calculated for turns, wire
poundage, current and ralatance which our dedicated engineer student
and one technically proficient assistant nas made possible, That
will weigh over five hundred pounds.
of which over three hundred
will be in lo. 12 wire and a 228 volt current.
If that proves to work even as well as its predessor we will alert
you at once. We know it will work betser however, but we would not
wish you to conmit yoursle to the statemant made
to your friends
that it is sure until we have this final proof that, it is sure.
Wa do, however, wish you to go as far as yo can comatibly go in
making such preparations as are needed to make thaf great day possibl
before it becomes too late to make the great effect it would make
as an advance statement instead of being an aftermath. We know you
realize the value of that time as well as we do and nothing more can
be said, We know, also, that you must have a sufficient sales talk"
picture we nave painted in
when you present your case? this letters why we have painted the
In thus presenting it to them make it clear that this is but the
first step toward our coal, which is to rid ourselves of fear oi
Russia by power projection.
This first step should no be kept
saatus which we will seed for protection, and even for the acquisitio
of needed extra land.
As our discovery is worth hundreds of billions we see no need for
having a grant given by the government, We mush preter to iinance it
ourselves with our own assets. We believe we could best serre the
government that way without lessening the advantage to the government
of being able to control that firal goal we are after.
With our very best wishes to all our friends out there, and our
blessing upon you for the responsible taak you have taken upon
yoursel: for our country's survival as a fee nation, we are
Sincerely yours,
Walter and Lao Russell.
P. S. We forgot to say that we
aro providing a twanty kilowat
generator so ther will me many
time the excess needed for self-
motivation.

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1060, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sep. 24, 1961.
Dear Henry:
Your letter relieved our minds of the fear that you might
nave spoken to others about it, even chougn we warned
that not one word should be said about it until we had
verified our principle by an actual working model. We
are afraid our last letter was over optimistic and regretted
it as soon as we mailed it. It would be very hunjating to
us as well as to you if we could not make good.
We regret also that we caused you and your friends to spend
money upon inadequato instructions, for one learns more DJ
the doing than one can anticipate by drawings in which the
unforseen cannot be seen until one does it.
We have made
progress,
but we have had expensive set-backs which we can
gain, we might have co stop
ill afford in these days of gradually lessening income.
We will not take up your time with letters antil we have
something delinite
to say, and that could not be until
'sometime in November.
Thanking you for your interest in us, and with our regards
to all of you out there, we are
Sincerely yours,
Walter Indsbao Russell.

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 287, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
witherit simultenesely costing
It- for the generater-et test:
If contactin i matti simitiana
corle is by stu.
This effect no veral
sue big the saintin. 7
carti inhich simultanemely co
carto and facto sussimon,
space -
LAW,
Patrick charan antide
amel
Mace do
22A
61
crest
понаі
tesser le

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 6, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 64, "variant": "clean-vision"}
carbo

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 209, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The fall I-
BALANCE O
petro
The thing of the fall thus creatin
ters unbalanevi craditian .
One has bored press fir
quintain to end wat
Thin in banture paranteli z
divistin
motion
inte
equal pain
If exprantu -

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 376, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
g Ligatin
Zebe
BALANCE
EQUILIBRIOM
ZERO
REST
unchang
dimin
Stillne
FORMLESS
QUAALITY
God = Light
Concuft. IDEA.
POWER ENERGY
ALL - KNOWLEDGE
THE UNIVERSAL
SOUL
SPIRIT - LSVE - LIFE
січени - MIND
INTELLIGENCE
MOTION-
PAIRS 35 71
chan
FORM
MULTIPLICITY
opera
DIVISION
QVANTITITIES
Don 2.8
Liter
• material gran
Out of rect mis
springo to seeta
rest and redurns
i rest -
Tara in

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
i r Se. i z = 5 = — KE uae 7h a ul aC - a - = 5 | Ta! ="
a a . 5 :
2 a

v | . ™
Pe
aig 4
— A

=
ae - os

os Z oe Co ela i ~ a ri nar i
Boat : 5 ail et a soa at — ~ee
—_— is,
tt aa

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 67, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
oes ll

== Ea oe &

iin ba * ace

; ut Sb

\,

et oe eS ae ui

#
~

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 105, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0+1 =-(5-1).
-O +100= 0-104)
ao debit
- 1000
+G + /-
0+1 =60-1
O 71 = -(0-1)
this in ter
correat farnęśę

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 72, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Com deme aten
+ light
retin entarged
polten
Panter
potentendi
neg . aeu

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 9, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 72, "variant": "clean-vision"}
26 pm
ze

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1232, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
craft of
Letter to
ilias Lauronce of the T. V. Times.
ear
Halien Laurerge,
Tines,
:. Laurenco;
DON ON
Dirty
enro ago you dale? de to tall pou the
Resence between my new connept of the univorse and the propert one.
not define it
ton because I did not 'now the Lonmage of
lanca and you did not. Inou mino. I can do it nor, lovever, for I have
Cly learned its language so that I con nou interpret no new concept
i Ve universe into fully comprehensive noris an d terns tat any
32 1
spiantial con comprebend.
* da interpratation ill ence more trafor:
reintific thinking into expletely- one nore higherntere of unfoldent
mad au other transfor ations 'ave done dingo the first ard dic
lose world concept of the Free ef pre/ually openon E rous
Ptolesay
Dupernicus, Callileo Perton an Che conductess universe of the motern
thinhing. If I an right this coul! be the stup of all storios for Els
ace, and I am dirat offering ron the acluviro on it because of your
one tins interent in di did prompter pour quaction. Von on have the s
later. In outer to propanty prement it pen mant, courself, comprahand
> do t pout require you to rear of leant I ree iundred pares of ita
six bur rel, and to carefully aboorb the diegranatie story tols by sone

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1201, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hundzed or core dravinge in cala opaotrun colora da vall as hiad:
• brief ognonds of the no coapt woul'elp you lenine Metter
or re you ine
1 to exanine the data upon Mid TX 120 DOING OF I070100
He inned. A comparision with the presont and the rev ndll fulfill thio
The present concept is bared upon electrically energised natter
roves in magnetically controllad diado. Cun, and eartha are
Drone' to be surrounded Wi ar controlled, by romatic fialda.
te enhy practice of obtainin: 1idtff#réfff and enercy is through
notion of matter. Do truranit electricully erected enanga power and
light othor ratter is nade use of in the forn of tires and cables.
Present day science franbly adhite it does not how what light is, or
That grritation is, Inf it beliere_s fat light is either vave or
corpundie, or boil, and it bolderes that provitation in dd a forco of
attraction which pulls inard fron within and thus caused creat heat.
In orrer to produce elsebrie pomar and ligit fron natter by friction
an' in orion, Mal co-enCiellines of force pacsing throug. erratures w
violate ever. pringiple of latura, other netter is requirad for fuels
an antingte the moving parts needed for entranting power fron matter

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1269, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 0-
and conducting it by weves through other matter.
Could we not
VAnindar 11glt, beat en-4 tr
pover hy interd'eninging one form af
pattor into other forms
through the division of their static condition
into pulsino, donatie ones? "na scierce been fully justified in
defining electricity as a force in itrelf, rather t'on a process? De
anuver to that when electric rethods are used to multiply heat and poves
Cogha flone and ita
or to bring invisible light into visibilito, the #ame-tees-presases
heat
flare
in the cate
fland of light and leat which a lens produces optically
without the use of noving parte, or without the nood of interchanging
various forms of natter, or without the neal of pronusing heat and
flane to produce heat and flane.
Heorrio neCols are poverful, but there
a creater force in the univeree then electricity, and that greater forca
which transcends catter ard rotion do the curvature of crandty. Tan has
not yet discoverd this force for he has move: Inon the nature of
cravity or of light.
These tvo super-secrets of ail fime lave been given to re to
Amouf in all their fullness, and that howledge is the besis for cy neu
science of tcuorrou mid, reveals this universe to de
optical,
photo-synthetically baged rather than electrically based.

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1393, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-÷†‡
This means that the only pover of the aniverse is HIT, an?
its mannen not iou
ite manifestation of intoniange throud vaves io dharmnig nanns of
Irensforming ite static condition into a romanie one.
gravity controlied
centered and gruvity controlled
laves are spheres of light,and spheres are curred. me curveture
centrifugal
of spheres both divide and multiply light inte empanding spirals, upon
which the principle of fission is based, and upor the compressing
centripetal spiral, upon which the principle of fusion is based.
all the secreta
To Inow the wave is to inow the sannaton of Creation, and I
Inow those secrets because I Incu the rave. It is that Ironiedge mid
pas aptied ne, daring these peare to develop t'e completely new science
of spare geometry which, for the first tine in history, raveals the
mysteries of space, and its basin for curvature to bacon be the only
means of projecting light, heat and pover frou the one pover station
provided by the Creator for eac
: solar systen.
Ty 137 00ID co OF 71 CoNCH, is, therefore, based upon the
pomor of the light of cravity to project heat, light and pover fron
ite ucla: scarce without the aid of noving matter, or without the use of
wires and cables of conduotive
sterial, Man ran produces e flane by
the une of ot:
er =
mare, plus frintion, plus induction, he is using the
Int when he produces a flare by focussing gravity

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1429, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5~
to a spherical vave center, which is what a lans coes, it is the
curituro of space viic accomliotes t'int miracia end nothing else.
tan has long Inon Met vove interferenced do not alter the
irectione of wave expansions, but le hos noved broum that wave
of expanding splereu
interference oronte/lenses which compross apheres into centripetal
vortides. l'an's habit of looking ot the wave tvo finereionally, isetan:
of three dinonsionall?, has charfed hie ability to conceive the myriads
lenses which comprise all spave and all natter. The science of optics
is avare that a lens is the base of tuo opposed cones. It is also
in avare of the virtual focus of a lens is the aper of a cone, but it ha
never hoen avare of the fact thet that firtual focus is the first of fou
fooi whic. culminates in a center of croviir.
Me neu science for tonorrow deals in higher optios which Inouledge
of the nature of light, and of sravity, aud of the wave, and of the
geonetrisation of space.
Me new solende aldo revenls that there is n
forco in P'ature wich attracto, or pullo inars Fron vithin. It
revedia that Rature cretos explosives only, and that all natter is
explosivo, and that all of it is slowly exploding continually, and
all of it mill explore inatently when fused with a spark of sufficient
intendtty to relaase it fron the colv ef ite envizonrent, ihich alone,
gives it the pover to endare throuchout itc oun rutinde tine cyclo.

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1255, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
hundred or more dravings in onto spectrus colors as well as blach:
and wite.
DI OPUTO C
A brief synopois of the nou concept would help you decide whether
er no you ide to exanine the data upon mich IN i3H S0ID!
is bused. A corparision with the presont and the nev will fulfill tis
The present concept is based upon electrically energised ratter
which noves in magnetically controlled fidds. Conu and eartha are
promme? to be surrounded, Wý and controlled, by rachetic fieldo.
The evryday practina of obtaining lightiféféris and energy is through
motion of matter. Io transnit electrically created anargg pover and
light other ratter is made use of in the forn of mires and cables.
Present day science frankly admits it does not know what light is, or
mat graritation is, lut it beliare s t'at light is either vave or
corpuadle, or both, and it belieres Fat provitathon is dn a force of
attraction which pulls invard fron within and thus caused great heat.
In order to produce electrie pomar and light fron matter by friction
non-oxict ent
and in'uchion, and so-called/lines of force passing through armatures wh
, violate every principle of lature, other natter is required for fuels
to motivate the moving parts needed for extracting pover fron matter

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1366, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
and conducting it by vaves through other matter.
properly define electricity as a proces:
could we not van up tile procame atonizisch prasanstay s
obtaining light, beat am-s arlpover by interchaninging one form of
pattor into other fors
through the diviaion of their static condition.
into pulsing, dynanic ones?
"as science been fully justified in
defining electricity as a force in itself, rather than a process? The
answer to that when electric rethods are used to multiply heat and pover
2i0ha Flane and its
or to bring invisible licht into visibility, the fiana-thes-presend
heat
is the sane
Flare
flamaff of light and heat which a lens produces optically
without the use of novine parte, or without the moed of intarchanging
various forns of natter, or without the need of producing heat and
flame to produce heat and flane.
Ilectric meisode are poverful, but there
a greater force in the universe than electricity, and that greater force,
which transcends natter and motion is the curvatura of cravity, ran des
not yet discoverd this force for he has nover Inoon the nature of
cravity or of light.
Those tus emper-secrets of all fime have been givan to me to
Inowf in all their fullness, and that Inowledge is the basis for sy new
science of touorrou which reveals this universe to be in optical,
photo-synthetically based rather than electrically based.

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1407, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-÷†‡
this neans that the only pover of the universe is Life, and
its mannen notol
its nanifestation of interchange through vaves is sharong means of
transforning its static condition into a dmanic one.
gravity controlied
centered and gravity controlled
Haves are spheres of light and spheres are curved. Te curvature
centrifugal
of spheres both divide and multiply light into expanding spirais, upon
which the principle of fission is based, and upon the compressing
centripetal spiral, upon which the principle of fusion is based.
all the secrets
To know the wave is to inow the sanraton of Creation, and I
Inow these secrets because I Inch the wave. It is that Inowledge Mich
has embled me, during these vecre to develop the completely new soiance
of spece geometry which, for the first tine in history, reveals the
mysteries of space, and its hasta fan curvature to haram be the only
means of projecting light, heat ard pour frou the one pover station
provided by the Creator for each solar systan.
my laW Solice Of To chOl, is, therefore, based upon the
power of the light of gravity to project heat, light and pover fron
its solat source vithout the mid of naving matter, or mithout the use of
vires and cables of conductive raterial. Then ran produces a flane by
the use of other flame, plus frintion, plus induction, he is using the
earthe resourses, but when he produces a flare by focussing gravity

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1439, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5 -
to a spherical wave center, which is what a lens dees, it is the
curvature of space vich acconplishes that miracle and nothing else.
han has long inoim that unve interferenced do not alter the
directions of wave expansions, but he las never brown that wave
of expanding spheres
interference create/lenses which compress apheres into centripetal
• vortices. Man's habit of looking at the wave two dimensionally, instead
of three dinensionally, has dwarfed his ability to conceive the myriads
lenses which comprise all spave and all matter. The science of optics
is avare that a lens in the base of two opposed conos. It is also
ta avare of the virtual focus of a lens is the aper of a cone, but it ha
nover heen aware of the fact that that firtual focus is the first of fou
foci which culninates in a center of Cravity.
Te nev science for tonorrou deals in higher optics which Inouledge
. of the nature of light, and of gravity, and of the wave, and of the
geonetrication of space.
The new solence also reveals that there is r
force in l'ature which attracts, or pulls inars fron within. It
revedia that lature cretes explosives only, and that all ratter is
explosive, and that all of it is slowly expleding continually, and
all of it will explode instantly when fused with a spark of sufficient
intensity to ralease it fron
sa cold of its environrent, which alone,
gives it the pover to en lure throughout ite on rhythnic tine crole.

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 351, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
that kind of wiring-a3

eure wire ana 12° ee atone proving it on small. Stal

: i =a eceident.. We-have fourid’that oct Use
aa Btudet whe- &t one of Ou):

/ ana} leat lamer 7 Te i. + Nannie a (3
oS — i ot. a i N
“ ; > : {/
\ wel A
cence Oe Oc Ay
Ne = angianaamt Tw es ‘a a ae i —m ae -
nye ose eae | ene ot ne ee Ha, Many
“aall Tr =
ola
¥ io
‘*, ; ™

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 458, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 27th, 1961.
Dear Henry;
22
Page No. 2 on the letter we sent you yesterday
is a bit confusing the way we have written it. We have
rewritten it to nake it more clear and attached a simple
diagram to add to the clarity. Please destroy the first
No. 2 and substitute this one.
Sincerely yours,
Walter and Lao Russell.
nay 20 -2-
that kind of wiring after first proving it on small scale with 26
gauge wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, for we dare not use

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2498, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
45
Pay 26 -2-
that kind of wiring after proving it on small scale with 26 gauge
wire and 12 volt dry cell batteries, for we dare rot use high voltage
ourselves. We have a student who has wecked with us before and is
faniliar with high voltages and he will come with us long enough
to test our coils on house current.
*******
****
We are carrying out Major Cripes suggestion to tell you what we are
intending to do so you can think it over and apply it to your wiring
if our tests prove out. The following describes our experiment.
Instead of one wire extending from the positive and negative
poles of a circuit (if you use one circuit) extend eight wires from
each polc. make sha two wires 14 gauge, che next tho 18 gauge, and
the next four 22 gauge.
We can twist
together to simulate a cable but they must then hang free for
distribution over consacutive coils, as decribed by the following.
(2) We will wind the first wire around coil No, 1 clockwise,
way you would turn a right hand corkscrew with the right hand. When
coil is completed it must be checked with voltmeter and rheostat
for resistance.
(39- The socond coil will be wound with Two wires by aading the second
wire to the first. Continue till resistance checks wich coil No. 1.
(4) We will then wind No. 3 coil with the two 1Sgauge wires added
to the first two, We now have four wires, like four brooks joined
together to give more gravity pressure to the river, Check to make
it equal to the others.
(5) We will then add the four 22 gauge wires to the other four and
complete coil No. 4 in same way, also chacking for balance.
(6) We will thenconnect the eight wires of the positive pole with
a large bar of iron or coper, but you will have your tank sides to
soder then to.
(7) We will then repeat the operation in reversa on the other parallel
series by winding them as one would wind a left hand corkscrew with
the left hand.
We will then connect the negative cable with the
other end of the steel or copper bar. IF WE CONNECTED THE CABLES TO
EACH OTHER THEY WOULD FUSE. THE BAR ITSEIF WILL GRADUALLY HEAT TO
RED OR WHITE HOT.
You will have the tank sidas to connect them to
and water will be in the tank.
(8) If you use two circuits instead of one, then connect the opposite
poles of each with a similar eight wire cable.
*******
If we have emulated Nature optically, hydraulically and electrically
we should be able to demonstrate her power of multiplication the
same way that mary brooks become a mighty Niagara, or how helium

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1964, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May 31 / 61
Dear Henry and Associates.
This is a further record of our work on The Russell's Optic
dynamo and new thoughts arising from same.
Regarding checking each coil for equalizing resistance.
More mature thinking tells us that the error of doing that. These
eight coils are not separate coils. They are two mates of one pair.
Each four coils are one and each of the two groups of four
shadd sho
be checked at the number four coil for equal resistance.
We refer to Nature for reasons.
Nature's every expression piles
up resistance if four cctava steps and focuses it maximum at the
number five position between the mated pairs.
THAT IS THE VERY
ESSENCE OF NATURE'S POWER MULTIPLICATION PRINCIPLE.
SERAMPLE NO.I. THE HELIAOCTAVE.
220E4
HELIUM
LI THIUM
BERYLLIUM BORON
CARBON
HITECOEN OXYGEN
4-0-4
FLUORI
MOLTING POINTS
=-(centigrade)
- 271
186
1280
2350
• 3600
-210 -218
-223
The helium octave is the central,-or fifth - of the nine octaves.
Note that the red side of it accumulates compression rapidly until
it jumps from -271 gas to plus 3000 degrees oi sojidity and density.
The green side never reaches soliticy for that octave is the turning
point where genero-activity yields its maximum power to radioactivity.
Take note also that resistance means compression, and compression
means heat, and heat nultipiication means to generate.
COMPARE THIS WITH THE SIITH OCTAVE
SODIUM
MAGNESIUM
ALUMINUM
SILICON PHOSPHORUS SULPHUR CHLOR
4-0-4ął
-253
98
651
MELTIHO POINTS
659
SPECTRUM
1470
725
119
-102
red-violet
Blue-Violet
COLD
Crange
e-een
red
green-
indigo
orange
yeilow - yellow
blue
/ blus
Heat multipiles
heat multiples
COLD
Conclusior.
It therefore follows that each nate pair should be
considered as equal WHOLES and not as separate coils.
EXAMPLE NO 2 GROWTH OF MAN
Man starts at zero as a baby. He passes through four gane ative
stages of multiplying power - childhood - boyhood - youth and
matured manhocd.
wan represents the red side of the spectrum

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1763, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2-
Woman is the mate to man. She passes through the same stages of
accumulating power in the same way. Woman represents the green
side of the spectrum.
At full naturity their united powers are maximum and their generative
powers reverse toward radiative pomaam cold.
RIVERS AND OCEANS
EXAMPLE NO. & 3
All the brooks and rivers multiply their power and give it to all
the oceans.
The oceans forever divide their power and give it back
to the brooks and rivers*
The very essence of Naturels power multiplication principle is to
generate heat and powor by compressive resistance
in FOUR OCTAVE
STEPS.
Beyond that Nature does not allow further multiplication.
NATURE'S PAIRS OF FOUR THEN MEET AND THE CYCLE REVERSES.
that No. 5 position.
Some day we would like to explain to you what that characteristic
of Nature really is, and why it is so basic. If that wave charac-
terisc was known by present day science its mathematics would be
more reliable and its axiums would be truths instead of assumptions
which prove to be not bruths.
REGARDING CONNECTING THE CABLE ENDS.
In our last letter we drew a diagram showing the No. 4 cable ends
connected by a bar of steel or copper. You will note that the bar
is not on the core axis. That was done purposely to create a mininum
of heat, if the bar - especially oi magnetic soit iron is placed
on center - in the armature posicion, crat would be the point ol
optical focus - or gravity center, where heat would be maximum.
EXAMPLES.
A bi-convex lens like Fig.l
The same lens shown face view
seen edgewise, would look like
would look like this. its hottest
this. The arrows show the
part (resistance) would be its
direction of increasing resistance. outer rim.
Warm rin - cool center
Hot Focus
Paper would burn
at this point.

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 510, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Copy
monday 0 l 27/61
THE KEY AMBASSADOR
On the Atlantic Ocean KEY WEST, FLORIDA
the whel
whel but soe speed and frictio car
be oftained by extendis the ren ans
arttached to this wheel by metal solless
copper) or brushes. The susaber of
rushi which can bad fron the whee
• limited a gnato vite I the
The depress.
let ted hour enough in the amateur
through thousands I brushes, or the
syriano corle he exteroled in
series all the same size, right
eri eft indefinitel arity siris
arte this will
a little for go.

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 241, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This siste of the
at whel
is on that far!
бо
The supasto
coil
ide of the
12
-brusher
« this side of the
whul is esthet
part of coil "s
on the
on the spectin
This wheel emulates the
surface of the sun
at its egreater coher
cheat radiation is

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 166, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Ly ras
THE
SUN
The
Solar Gravity Field
Thes. turo
jebirus, one
n each sie
I the egnator
are th basis
E the armatime
wheel of my
ptue oy namo?
The equeetor densh
cher

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 276, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seat
return to thi
sert fann chih
it sprang
Exampla.
is yor
stanl
m reet .
seri
wat in on ualash and
balance positin whist
it cannet zy
řitaá then
sees reit
which it speang
in tan stillnu fom
antun in katun
Thi fundamenlat
whiteu co
EROL
guo 0.
rut
acut .
улань.
a crest
WAVE
