{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T13:47:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 503177, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125279-cejka-a-tree-a-new-power-source.pdf", "source_sha256": "e9d17fe7d8e8389d5900b5ccfe8a347f5d676b1cf23b310bf6151cafabaa0feb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 610, "chars": 3712, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A New Power Source
In the late sumner of 1977, Peter Markovich successfully tested a new power
source that up to this time has been largely thought impossible by the principles
of orthodox science.
The device known as "The Apparatus To Reggify Ether Energy"
(ATREE) was able to convert an energy with a wavelength of 10
centimeter to
a pulsating direct currect (DC) electricity. Initally, the instrument put out
a voltage of 2.5 volts DC and a steady current of 0.025 amps. By the late fall
of 1977, the device had been modified to obtain a total of 37 volts DC and a
current of 1.7 amps.
At present, the open circuit voltage has been increased
to 180 volts DC and the closed circult current has been raised to 3.0 amps. In
the process of construction and preliminary testing, we have apparatus that are
capable of obtaining voltages of up to 800 volts DC
and currents of up to 9.0
These units would be capable with the use of an alternate current (AC)
converter to be used for a number of tasks where batteries and small gasoline
powered electric generators have so far proven to be less than successful.
Among the most important of the uses that the ATREE could be employed at is the
power source for the operation of electrical
scientific measuring instruments.
In the last few decades, scientific methods have been applied to the production
of forestry and fishery products. To be successful in this endeavor, it is often
necessary to establish autonatic monitering stations whose operation is dependant
on an efficient auxiliary power source.
powered electrical generators have proven to be highly inefficient since they
lack the dependibility of a systen such as the polyphase transmission system in
general use since the dawn of this century. In the case of batteries, the major
deficiency is the relatively short time before the battery will have discharged
itself and need
to be either replaced or recharged.
In the matter of fossil
fuel power electrical generators, the principle disadvantage is the large amount
of bulky, flammable fossil fuel that must be stored near the generator and the
danger of the engine either overheating or wearing out due to the need for cons-
tant usage. The ATREE overcomes these difficulties because of three operating
First, the unit produces electricity fron an abundant pool of ether
energy that is found in the atnosphere.
that this energy exists in the density of 10
Profeista 1gut Wheeler of Princetan saw
wattseconds per cubic
centimeter or enough energy to power a small American city! Second, the ATREE
has no moving parts.
Hence, the instrument will not wear out as fast as a fossil
powered generator would.
In fact, it may be possile to design a commercial model
of the ATREE that would have an extremely long life of perhaps ten to twenty years.
Finally, the instrument has the capability of being able to be designed to meet a
specific need.
That is, the ATREE can be built for a specific power need and not
take up the space that an equivalent amount of batteries would require.
way, the Apparatus To Rectify Ether Enorgy can be employed to power a scientific
monitering station whether this station is located in the midst of a forrest pre-
serve or any type of desolate region.
In addition to its use as a source of power for the operation of monitering sta-
tions, the ATREE can be employed as an auxiliary power source.
Anong the most
useful of these tasks is its use as the power source for recreational vehicles.
In this instance, the same advantages of the ATREE to batteries apply.
At pre-
sent, such vehicles electrical system is operated by the use of the engine of
the recreational vehicle that operates an alternator that charges the batteries

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1320, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
of the electrical system. When the engine is charging the batteries, it can
not be effectively used as the power source to transport the vehicle. To ef-
Eectively overcome this difficulty, one could use the ATREE to serve as the
source of power for the clectrical system of the recreational vehicle. In
addition, smaller units could be carried that could operate electrical ap-
pliances
that may be transported some distance from the vehicle.
Finally.
the ATREE could be used to replace any electrical power need where a snall
fossil fuel powered generator is employed. Such a unit would have the advan-
tages listed above plus the ability to be easily moved and hooked up where
Among the uses that this instrument could fill are auxiliary power
devices for hospitals, hones, offices, and factories.
Also, the ATREE could
be used as a means to power cabins or vacation homes located in remote areas.
As can be already seen, the Apparatus To Rectify Ether Energy has
a bright
future as an alternative to those devices that are presently utilized as
auxiliary power sources. Due to its unique energy source, lack of moving
parts and great versatility, the ATREE should as it is introduced into the
mainstream of daily life continue to find new uses that at present are un-
known even to its inventor, Peter Markovich.
