{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T09:31:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2659328, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125289-cejka-the-energy-crisis-the-problem-and-a-possible-solution.pdf", "source_sha256": "35e69232c1481ee58b706b3ed95f1833170d221da75a61a34a00aef2436c8db3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 19, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PART I AN OVERVIEW

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2151, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Chapter I "The Energy Crisis: The Problem & A Possible Solution"
As we end living in the eighth decade of the twentieth century, we have
discovered a reality that until the beginning of this decade seemed a
sublime dream - the so-called "energy crisis". At the present rate of
depletion of the world's energy reserves, the world by the end of this
century will be running on borrowed "energy time". Moveover, many lead-
ing meteorologists now believe that the climate of the planet and espec-
ially the northern hemisphere could be drastically altered if we contin-
ue to burn fossil fuels for the two remaining decades of this century.
Indeed, it now appears that the planetary civilization that was built on
the abundance of fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and natural gas is ra-
pidly coning to an end. The old assumptions are no longer valid and new
truths must come forth to solve the situation if civilization as we now
knew it is to continue. In this light, the amazing insights and techno-
logy of a presently obscure inventor and philosopher named Nikola Tesla
appear even more than ever before to offer the new truths that are capa-
ble of allowing humanity the methodology that could well save our planet
by solving the energy crisis that at present seems beyond the human ex-
perience.
To explore this possibility, let us begin by observing the
true extend of the energy crisis and end with a brief overview of Tesla's
solution to the matter.
The Crisis in Energy
If one is to truly gauge the extent of the energy crisis, it is wise to
review the amount of energy consumption, the possible reserves of fossil
fuels and alternative technology that is presently available to us. In
this regard, let us first look at the consumption of fossil fuels.
In
this context, fossil fuels will be defined as coal, natural gas, and oil
products that are employed to heat and light our homes, offices, farms
and factories.
At the beginning of this decade, we consumed about 21.5
C of energy (see table 1.1)
TABLE 1.1 SOURCES OF ENERGY FOR THE WORLD IN 1970
Energy Content
Source
C(= 10"° Btu)
Fossil fuel
Coal
Petroleum
Natural Gas
6.5
7.7
3.8
30
36
18

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 1035, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
TABLE 1.1 SOURCES OF ENERGY FOR THE WORLD IN 1970 (Continued)
Energy Content
Source
C(=1016 Btu)
Solar Energy
Hydroelectricity
Traditional
Wood, waste, feed
1.3
6
2.2
10
21.5
100
our only a Fins, Ense is in Perspective (New York,
Through this decade, the world wide consumption of energy has increased
at the level of about five to seven per cent per year. lence, if we take
the world consumption level to be 21.5 C in 1970 then the consunption
level will increase to about 34.5 C in 1980. By the end of this century
if the increase were constant, the amount of world energy consumption
would have increased to about 60.3 C or nearly triple the useage of energy
in 1970! However, the actual useage of energy will probably be much
higher when the world consumption rate is measured against that of the
United States. This comparison can be best made from the following table.
TABLE 1.2 SOURCES OF ENERGY FOR THE UNITED STATES IN 1970
Source
Energy Content
c(=101° BTU)
Fossil Fuel
Coal
Petroleum
Natural Gas
1.28
2.65
2.13
20
41
33

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1624, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
TABLE 1.2 SOURCES OF ENERGY FOR THE UNITED STATES IN 1970 (Continued)
Source
Energy Content
C(=1016 Btu)
Solar Energy
Hydroelectricity
0.26
4
Other
Miscellaneous
0.15
2
6.45
100
(Source: J.C. Fisher, Energy Crisis in Perspective (New York,
John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1974) , p.15)
The table demonstrates two alarming points. First, the United States con-
sumption level is about thirty per cent of the world level of consumption.
In the beginning of the previous decade, the United States accounted for
about forty per cent of the consumption of energy. The rapid shrinking
of the energy dominance of the United States demonstrates the beginning
of industrialization in areas of the globe that were formerly agricultural.
A second point is centered around the difference in the energy mix between
the world and the United States.
In general, the world in 1970 employed
around fifty-four per cent of its total as petroleum and natural gas while
the United States
, the most industrialized, employed around seventy-four
per cent of its total as petroleum and natural gas. Hence, we seem to be
not only in the midst of a exponential rise in the consumption of energy
but also an especially high useage of petroleum and natural gas. To ex-
plore the full meaning of this problem, let us now look at the known re-
serves of fossil fuels and especially that of oil and natural gas.
this regard, the following table gives a picture of our present reserves
of fossil fuels.
TABLE 1.3 RESERVES OF FOSSIL FUELS IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1970
Energy Content
Source
c(=1016 Btu)
c(=1016 Btu)
Recoverable
Undiscovered
Natural Gas
48
620

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2300, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4-
TABLE 1.3 RESERVES OF FOSSIL FUELS IN THE UNITED STATES IN 1970
(Continued)
Source
Crude 011
Coal
Shale 011
Energy Content
C(=1016 Btu) C(=1016 Btu)
Recoverable
Undiscovered
200
270
3700
3800
90
800
4038
5490
(Source: J.C. Fisher, Energy Crisis in Perspective ( New York,
John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1974) , PP. 30-32)
As we can see from the table, the vast najority of known reserves in the
United States consists of coal deposits. Yet coal in 1970 accounted for
only twenty per cent of the total energy consumption. Meanwhile natural
gas and crude oil which together accounted for seventy-four per cent of
the total energy consumption in the United States comprise only six per
cent of recoverable reserves and eighteen per cent of undiscovered re-
serves. Clearly, the United States was approaching a crisis in the rate
and mix of its energy needs versus the amount of domestic reserves. This
discrepancy created the danger that surfaced in 1973 during the Arah oil
embargo. In fact by 1976, the foreign crude percentage had reached about
eighteen per cent of the total amount of crude oil used in the United
This fact was the major one that caused President Carter to view
this problem as one that required the same policy as that required by war.
A further example of the problem at hand was first addressed to the planet
by the famous study by Donella and Dennis Meadows, et. al. entitles Limits
To Growth.
First published in 1968 and later reprinted In numerous edi-
Elons, this work was the first book to call attention to the immediate dan-
gers of unlimited growth and rapid industrialization in the third world. In
it, the M.I.T. rosearch team stated that the planet would run out of crude
oil and natural gas by the middle of the next century and that even if coal
were then utilized, the fossil fuel reserves would only last for the next
few centuries at best. In addition to this dire warning, there is the re-
cent diselosure by many leading meteorologist that the continued useage of
fossil fuels could cause a rapid change in the climate of the northern hemis-
phere and other parts of the globe by the end of this century.
Clearly.
there must be developed a means to provide a clean (non-polluting) alterna-
tive to fossil fuels. At this point, solar and nuclear fuels are usually

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 576, "chars": 3519, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-5-
offered as such viable alternatives. However, nuclear fuels possess a sev-
ere health hazard while solar energy as presently envisioned in the form of
collectors and other types of units such
as mirrors which reflect their en-
ergy on to steam generation units are presently highly unefficient. Indeed,
the dangers of nuclear power plants are not only in the as yet unsolved pro-
blem of the disposal of nuclear wastes, but also in the danger of thermal
pollution to the lakes, rivers or streams that surround such power plants.
An additional problem involves the utilization of so-called "breeder reactors"
whose output in the form of enriched plutonium can be used to produce atomic
weapons. In response to this problem, several nuclear research groups an-
nounced that they had created a special type of "breeder reactor" whose waste
materials could not be used for the production of nuclear weapons.
Regard-
less of this important technological breakthrough, it still remains a fact
that the waste materials from the "breeder reactor" were more dangerous than
the conventional reactor since its waste product takes longer to decompose
(higher radioactive halflife). The only other resource available to present
technology are the various types of wind generators and thermal energy gener-
ators.
This device as well has only a limited useage as it is tied to
those areas that possess large thermal springs and/or a relatively large a-
mount of high speed winds in their vicinity.
Due to the above mentioned difficulties, it is quite necessary for the planet
to accept at this time a solution to the above mentioned technical difficulties
by adopting a solution first worked out by Nikola Tesla in the first years of
this century. In so doing, it becomes possible to adopt a methodology that is
capable of providing a end
to the energy morass that we find ourself in.
The Tesla "Multifaceted Solution"
In the last decade of the nineteenth century, Nikola Tesla developed the tech-
nology to solve the present energy crisis as well as the approach to be follow-
ed to best utilize the master wizard's inventions.
The key to Tesla's system
is divided into three major parts.
The first of these is the invention in 1899
of the "magnifying transmitter" and its corollary, the wireless power system.
The next major component of the solution is the article in Century Magazine
entitled "The Increasing of Human Energy".
The final part of the solution
involves the patents on the "radiant energy" machines that are taken out in
1901.
In order to explain as completely as possible the energy solution of
Tesla, let us review each aspect of the system as completely as is now possi-
ble.
To begin with, let us look at the "wireless power system". This systen con-
sisted of a specially modified Tesla "oscillator" called a "magnifying trans-
mitter that broadcast electrical power through the earth and the resonance
that it set up was received on any point of the globe by use of another
Tesla "oscillator" that was modified to pick up the unique signal sent to it
by the "magnifying transmitter", In this way Tesla was able to send enough
electrical power to light 200 sixty watt lightbulbs a distance of twenty-six
miles from the transmitter!
The scientific basis for the success of the de-
vice lay in the fact that Tesla did not use electric energy in the standard
way. Instead, Tesla attempted to use electric energy in a way analogous to
a pump. The electrical master believed that electricity was in some way re-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 614, "chars": 3756, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-б-
lated to what in classical physics was called an ether.
This ether was sup-
posed to be located betwen the various planets, and the heavenly bodies were
supposed to be floating in an energy sea comprised of this ether.
Ether was
supposed to have mass and to be a non-compressible "fluid". Since the
Michaelson-Morley experiment's inferometer was unable to perceive any drag
due to an ether, it was quickly assumed by most physicist that the concept
of an ether was disproven.
In fact, the experinent only tended to disproven
the classical contention that ether possessed "mass".
On the whole, it did
not disprove the entire concept of a massless ether or a unique kind of vacu-
um energy.
In recent years, the new theories espoused by Quantum Physics and
especially, the many worlds
theories of Everett, Wheeler and others tended
to validate such a hypothesis. This energy due to the high vacuum state of
its point of origin gave this energy its name of "zero point" energy. There
are several points in Tesla's notes that seem to indicate that this type of
energy, that modern theorist have found to be electrical in nature, proved a
major contention of Tesla that all energy in the universe is in some manner
a part of electricity.
Tesla believed in this theory whole-heartedly and
was convinced that the electrical vibration of the planet by his extremely
large high voltage coils was able to successfully transport an immense a-
mount of electrical energy from the transmitter to any point on the globe.
To those scientist that might doubt this contention due to the large resis-
tances encountered just in the immediate surface area of the earth, Tesla
would have two replies.
First, the effect was a synergistic one.
That is,
the resonances produced by the "magnifying transmitter' overcame this pro-
blem since the planet when set at a specific electric resonance acted alot
differently then when a high voltage charge was pumped into a unresonanced
Finally, the nature of the infinite ground utilized in the oscil-
lator circuit must be taken into account.
,If Tesla was right about the un-
derlying nature of all things to be electrical and if the electrical vibrat-
ion was induced through the electrode ball then the concept of Tesla was
sound. The principle would much the same as that of the use of an infinite
ground in a speaker system to keep the sound (resonances) from attenuating
(distorting) too rapidly and causing the systen to incorrectly reproduce
sound. Tesla, therefore, used electricity differently from the present
conventional theories and evidently believed as did Ehrenheft in the fact
that the basic unit of charge was not the electron.
When one applies the
points raised up to here, one quickly discovers that Tesla had found a num-
ber of phenomenon that seemed to dispute the classic theories as regards the
nature of electrical energy.
Besides the transmission of electrical energy, Tesla while in the midst of
the Colorado Springs experiments found a series of other applications for
the device.
Among these were the use of the "magnifying transmitter" to
increase by initially 3 1/3 to 1 and later by as much as 250 to 1 the amount
of power (watts) that it used to pump the earth. Tesla's observations on
this effect lead him to later write his close friend Robert Underwood John-
son that he had discovered the principles underlying the so-called "fuelless
motor". In addition to these claims, Tesla also found that he had developed
a unique type of radar and a new method for the broadcasting of "wireless"
telegraphy.
In short, he had discovered at the dawn of the age of radio
broadcasting an entirely different method to transmit radio waves - not
through the air, but instead through this very planet itself!

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3804, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 7-
To Nikola Tesla, the "wireless power" system was the core around which he
drew the multi-faceted approach to solving the energy crisis. This conclu-
sion was reached by the electrical wizard for three essential reasons.
the wireless transmission of electrical energy permitted the system to have
a transmission capacity unheard of by the more conventional means of the
use of electrical transmission lines. If one wished to deliver electrical
energy to a remoto mountain region or even the furthest portion of the Artic
it would be relatively impossible due to the environmental factors involved.
The construction of a world wide network of "magnifying transmitters" solved
this problem as quickly as the network was put into operation.
All that was
required was for the remote region to have a properly constructed receiver
that was tuned to the "energy signals" sent by the transmitter. Second, the
magnifying capability of the transmitter had to be taken into account. When
the earth after a sufficient length of time was properly resonanted, the trans-
mitter began to pick up the energy that the earth began to release by nature
of its own vibrations.
It is the belief of the author that the energy that
produced the magnifying effoct was due to the collection of the earth-trans-
mitter circuit collecting the ether or "zero-point" energy referred to in
the above paragraphs. Hencc, the magnifying system was a means to transmit
electricity and to generate electricity. Finally as noted above, the system
also had other abilities that even today sound fantastic.
The system accord-
ing to Tesla had the ability to act as a type of lover the horizon" radar,
a through the earth communications system, a "death ray" and the famed "anti-
war machine". Tosla also claimed that the "magnifying transmitter" could con-
trol weather and even create man made earthquakes.
However after the inability
of Tesla to complete the Wardenclyffe prototype commercial site, due in large
part to the insufficient monies provided by J.P. Morgan at the cost of 519
control of the patents, the whole concept fell in repute. Between the years
1905 and 1943, no one experimented with the concept other than its discoverer,
Nikola Tesla.
Following the completion of the experiments at Colorado Springs that proved
the fcasibility of the "wireless transmission of electrical energy" to
Tesla's satisfaction, the electrical wizard returned to New York City in the
early winter of 1899-1900 and was immediately connissioned by his friend and
co-editor of Century Magazine, Robert Underwood Johnson, to wrote an article
for the century ending conemorative issue of June, 1900.
This article was
to become the magnum opus for Tesla's approach to the whole field of energy
utilization.
This article entitled "The Increasing of Human Energy" was
meant by Tesla to explain in philosophical form the knowledge gleened by
the great discoverer over more than a decade of intensive research in the
modern miracle called electricity. To start off, Tesla attempted to explain
in the language of contemporary physics, the nature of the human condition.
To many, the attempt may appear to be too mechanical and devoid of those char-
acteristics that define the human condition; however, this approach often
forgets that Tosla was trying to explain the nature of the human mass in as
scientific a way as possible.
To do this explanation, the categories were
devided up into those items which retarded the human mass and those that ac-
celerated the human mass. The major retardant to the human mass was stated
to be war. The danger to modern technology was that vital resources were
wasted by the constant need to construct modern devices of war such as the
battleship and the advent of the age of electricity would increase the waste

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 600, "chars": 3651, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-8-
and distruction.
Tesla wondered if the fact that the increased distructive-
ness would eventually put an end to war. Tesla's answer was that unfortun-
ately this was not the case. Tesla then proposed that war be fought by a
race of specially designed telcautomatons.
This type of remote controlled
war machine was humanity's only hope to avoid the wastefulness of modern
warfare.
On the other hand, Tesla also discussed those elements which
accelerate the human mass.
Here, Tesla firmly believed that the act of
invention was the key to human progress. The discoverer of new principles
enabled the creation of a vast and uplifting technologies to be invented.
Nikola Tesla always had the highest regard for those persons who by the in-
sight and keen observation of their mind opened the door for the discovery of
new scientific and/or artistic principles.
Such persons were the epitomy
of the good qualities that composed the human condition.
With the very lengthy philosophical opening completed, Tesla turned to an
examination of the energy useage of the present day (circe 1900) and the
future (the last half of this century). Tesla's first point was to show the
dangers of continuing to utilize fossil fuels.
Fossil fuels warned Tesla
would pollute the planet and especially its atmosphere. The pollution of the
planet's atmosphere would ultinately alter the climate of the globe and es-
pecially the more industrialized northern hemisphere. Such a threat would
also endanger what is today called by biologist the life sphere or ecosphere.
This warning in the last quarter of the twentieth century is becoming quite
prophetic.
The new science of ecology has in the past thirty years proved
with the collection of a rather substancial data base the truth of Tesla's
proclimations.
The use of fossil fuels has become in many ways an even greater
abomination then the clectrical prophet forecast at the turn of the century.
The key to Tesla's system was the immodiate conversion of our technology to
energies that were non-polluting. Tesla defined these clean energies as hydro-
electric power and solar energy.
However, Tesla's categories were much broad-
er than the names for the categories seem to imply. Hydroelectric power was
any means used to provide electric energy by the use of water power.
uses included the employing of tides (e.g., the Bay of Fundy), waterfalls,
rapids and even exotic technology such as the use of a special fuel cell in-
vented by Tesla at the beginning of this century. Solar energy was divided
up into the more traditional solar collectors, solar cells, and the radiant
energy devices that Tesla patented in 1901.
To tie this whole energy system
together, Tesla intended to make full use of the "wireless" whose testing at
Colorado Springs had recently proven to be so successful.
To the concept of a clean energy foundation to our civilization, Tesla added
the belief in an energy mix.
This concept was the need for each region of the
planet to develop to the best of its ability those clean energy resources that
were available.
To augment the difference between the energy available and
the potential energy needs, Tesla proposed the use of the wireless system to
broadcast the excess energy of one region to another region that was energy
deficient.
In this way, Tesla expressed his deep felt belief that the only
way to solve the energy problems of the planet was to put an end to the inter-
national rivalries of the past few centuries of human exissence.
In Tesla's
energy efficient world, the nation-state had ceased to be the roadblock to
human progress that it now unfortunately still appears to be.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 670, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-9-
TABLE 1.4 THE TESLA "MULTI-FACETED SOLUTION" TO THE "ENERGY CRISIS"
Known Energy Sources
Replacement
Energy Policy Employed
Fossil Fuels
Petroleum
Coal
Natural Gas
"Magnifying
Transmitter"
The solution is based on the
employing of the best possible
"mix" of clean and renewable
energy sources that are most
cfficient in any given region
of the planet. In addition, the
wide use of the "wireless power"
system to broadcast needed energy
to a specific region.
Solar Energy
Solar Collector
Steam Generators
Nuclear Fuel
Traditional
"Breeders"
Radiant Energy
Machines
Hydroelectric
Power
(Source: N. Tesla, "The Increasing of Human Energy" Century Magazine,
June, 1900)

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3771, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-10-
The final component in Tesla's "multi-faceted solution" to the energy
crisis involved the use of new and traditional clean energy resources.
The major part of this segment was the "radiant energy" machines patented
by Nikola Tesla in 1901.
The energy device was based on the converting
of the "magnifying transmitter" to a passive receiver that was tuned to
obtain the "zero point energy" that was part ofthe radiant or heat energy
that was send out in gigantic streams by the Sun.
To accomplish this con-
version to a passive system, Tesla replaced the coils of the receiver with
a special unit whose major part was two large plates that would be able to
receive a different potential or "charge".
This change in potential would
be sent to a specially constructed condenser unit that was capable of hold-
ing a charge upon it for a long time without dissapating said charge.
In
this way, Tesla beleived that it would be possible to obtain the energy from
the radiant energy of the Sun that the "magnifying transmitter" captured from
he rady, t share.
the earth.
Tesla believed that this use of the potential in the energy from
the Sun was more efficient than the indirect use of solar energy that is seen
in various devices such as solar collectors and solar steam generation plants.
Again, Tesla felt that the maximum efficiency for any device that used so-
lar energy would come from those regions there most abundant in the receiving
of this vital energy source.
Moreover, the "radiant energy" machines had the
capability to be used over a twenty four hour period.
This feat was possible
due to the fact that the energy collected by the "radiant energy" machine was
still present in the carth's atmosphere in large quantities even when the Sun
had set or the day was extremely cloudy. The policy of the dispersal of the
energy provided by this device would as stated previously be based on the en-
ergy mix that would prove best for a particular region.
As we have seen, the planet and especially its largest consumer, the United
States, is caught in the midst of an energy crisis.
In the beginning of this
chapter, we examined the nature of this crisis and learned that the major o-
lement in this crisi was the dependanceof our advanved technology on natural
gas and crude oil. Of all the fossil fuels available to us, these two re-
sources represented the lowest quantities of reserves available to the planet
for a continued long tern basis. In addition to the need for the consumption
of fossil fuels, recent meteorological evidence seemed to indicate that the
use of fossil fuels over the next two decades would lead to a massive alter-
ation in the world's weather patterns by the beginning of the next century.
This crisis was further complicated by the fact that many experts believed
that nuclear power plants were the answer to the energy crisis. Nuclear
power plants were extremely dangerous for two important reasons, First,
nuclear plants have not yet solved how to successfully dispose of their
highly radioactive waste cores.
These highly radicactive waste cores serve
as an environmental danger to the continuation of the ecosphere. Second,
there is the problem of thermal pollution from the water that is employed to
coll those parts that are in direct contact with the reactor. The "waste
water" is extrenely hot when returned to its source and this factor , in turn,
contributes to the distruction of various types of fish and plants that are
essential to a number of important food chains. These two problens seem to
limit the future expansion of nuclear plants that was forecast by many be-
lievers in the nuclear age at the beginning of the second half of this een-
tury. Thus, the technology as envisioned by the present state of the art

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1306, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-11-
leaned heavily on the development of a sensible solar technology. Such a
technology does not appear to be found in the fantastic schemes for solar
collector "farms" that have been proposed by many followers of the solar
energy.
In view of these difficulties, one may ask what technology can be
appropriate to successfully solving our present "energy crisis"?
To those who have read the results of the second part of this chapter, the
answer is quite obvious - the Tesla "multi-faceted solution''
• This solution
permits the world to develop a technology that not only solves the present
energy crisis, but also permits the spreading of the benefits of modern tech-
nology to the underdeveloped worldwithout the danger that this spread would
add to the climatological threat previously mentioned.
Basically, the plan
provides for a number of clean energy resources that can be tied together by
the use of the Tesla "wireless transmission of electrical energy". In adopt-
ing this synergistic plan of action, the planet would not only free itself
of a growing dependance on fossil fuels, but also provide a means for inter-
national cooperation on a global scale.
Such an operation can not hurt the
cause of international peace and justice that Nikola Tesla so proudly pro-
clained during his lifetime.
