{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-07T10:00:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13814521, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304310258936308, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125296-cejka-emp.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541103630000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125296-cejka-emp.pdf", "source_sha256": "3e200efc6f57c3dd61417d4d463202c38d3055a4d137de39f3aee18c7669e118"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 954, "chars": 5950, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_mP
'EM p'
BY CARIS WALTERS
Taking Off
Vo!.
644 EmersonSt #30
San Jose CA 9430jŚł
IN LESS THAN A SECOND, EVERY-
thing goes haywire. The lights go out. The
TV set goes on the fritz. The smoke detector
starts buzzing. tou pick up the phone to tind
our what the neck is going on, but the line is
dead.
All of this and more might happen
throughout the nation after the detonation
of a single nuclear warhead 200 miles above
Nebraska. Most of the energy of a nuciear
blast is released as blast, heat, and light. But
a tiny mount -one one-millionths-is re-
leased as an electromagnetic pulse, or EMP
This electronic jolt is enough to short out all
unprotected solid state circuitry in a 2,000
mile radius.
Most modern equipment is vulnerable to
EMP. Any large meral object-a long wire, a
fence, a pipe, a power line -can act as
an antenna, arrying the destructive pulse
through all connected electrontc components.
The potential for chaos is obvious. Comt-
puters, power lines, and telecommunications
would all be knocked out. Military command
and control systems, which keep tab on our
nuclear defenses, would be seriously endan-
gered. EMP might even disable the slery
svstems of nuclear power plants, initiating
Three Mile Island incidents all across the
country.
It's a political hot potato. Hawks encour-
age the president to spend billions on meas
ures to protect against the pulse. Many others
contend that EMP leaves the concept of lim-
ited nuclear war in shambles. They fear that
an EMP blast would destroy channels of
rational decision making, tempting both
sides to fire off cheir entire arsenais at once
for fear of losing all contact with missile bases
"later on -the *use "em or lose 'em dilemma
EMP itself is noching new. It was first ob-
served over 20 years ago, when high-altirude
nuclear tests over Johnston Island in the
Pacific shorted out 300 streedlights and set
off hundreds of burglar alarms in Honolulu,
Hawaii, 800 miles away, Ie is basically an
electromagnetic shock wave, millions of times
more intense than radio waves, vet less than
one one-hundredth the duration of a bolt of
lightning. In high leicude deconations of 19
miles and up, the EMP field spreads our hori-
zontally, blanketing the earth in line-of-sighe
fashion. An explosion over the Midwest at
an altitude of 200 miles could send a jolt
through the entire continental United States.
You yourself stand little chance of clectro-
cution, unless you happen to be touching an
antenna at the time of the blast. Ironically,
advanced electronic components - computer
chips, semiconductor diodes, and other won-
ders of modern technology - are most sus-
ceptible to the shock, and may suffer
permanent damage.
Old-fashioned vacuum tubes, on the other
hand, are around ten thousand times more
resistant. This fact has strategic significance.
When a Soviet defector few an MiG-25
Foxbat into Japan in 1976, security salvsts
were puzzied.
The Foxhat, then considered
- be the state of the art in warplanes, was
ped with outdated vacuum tubes. Were
stalled intentionally to protect against
emP an were they just the product of lag
or technalogy!
Nuclear Agency (DNA). The DNA is the
Pentagon's principal am for rescarch on the
chects of nuclear weapons. In would like ro
find out a lot more about EMT, but simply
won't be able to, due to a 1963 treaty ban-
ning all atmospheric testing.
Instead, the DNA must rely on simula:
tions. The agency is the first to admit, how-
ever, that its tests can't mirror realry: As
Keller explains: "EMP has certain character
isties that cannot be replicared, no maater
how hard you try." In fact, if some French
physicists are correct, EMP can conceivable
put out a wave of about 100,000 volts per
' meter, 60,000 more than the DNA has ever
been able to generate,
Despite the lack of reliable test reaults, for
the last 17 years the Defense Department has
been pamping billions of dallars into EMP
"hardening encasing vulnerable squipment
and communication lines in pulse-proof
metal boxes. The Reagan adminiuration is
more than willing to front the money. Yet
several problems remain.
One is a question of balance. How far can
EMP hardening go before it begins to inter-
fere with the proper functioning of the item
being hardened? Keller gives the example of
a warplane. "Shooting for 100% procection
may add so much weight to the plane or so
reduce its aerodynamics that it becomes un-
desirable to fully safeguardiẠạ
Also, while individual compone of a
larger system can he hardened, no one can be
sure just how wel the gyrom inelf will per-
form. The slightest gap in a protective shield
allows EMP energy to pour in-and gaps
SPACEWAR
EMP IS NOT MERELY AN EARTH-
bound phenomenon. In the face of the ad-
ministration's new proposal to bas our
defense system into space, a special type of
nuclear pulse takes on significance which is,
well, cosmic.
The effect is called SGEMP-sysrems
generated EMP. When a nuclear charge
detonates in space, it sends our intense waves
of gamma rays and X-rays. The carth is buf-
fered from these charges by the atmosphere.
In the void of space, however, they travel
freely for tens of thousands of miles. When
they contact a satellite, they create a charge
imbalance, inducing current and volage
surges inside. As a result, the satellites
vuinerable innards are incapacitated.
No one knows how to protect space
vehicles against a strong puke. Hardening
the outer casing won't work, because the
pulse, unlike one occurring on earth, is
created wickin the vulnerable component.
Rather than recognizing this porential for
disaster and taking steps to aven it, the
Pennagon has decided to save the problem
for last, emphasizing instead the accelerated
development of space-warfare machinery:
On March 23, the president called tor a
shift in defense research spending toward
new high-technology anti-missile devices
Two systems mentioned in particular were
laser and particle beam satelfires. What wasn't

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 652, "chars": 3942, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TARING OFF: ORIOlET 1983
EMP
Continued fin paar 13
where the Series aull never mean knuck-
ing demon.
Our civilian sector, on the other lanal, is
mom here near as sate. Lames Ker is the diet
researcher for the Fedural Emagemy Man-
араси Agery (HEMA), the pteraa
unanization in charge of civil defense. Ac
cording to KeniạA high alritude mack
could put at risk the 43 craninental Inited
States at a singde bourse."
think, basicall deat the ciciliainfustry per
se he way hale regard for EME" sars BAl
King. an 12P shielding aruled. "1 gues
deir they is Hell if we're pong to be an
der unlear attack, wheshold 1 be worried
about me conner fileạiKer sees ale same
problem, but fo a different reasone"When
pople have a fed coming doven the riveriại
he sarsạhey start to worry about sandbags.
Chilure ise, they don't give it a second
dhonghr." The intan lins of course, is
nay Shickling is epperite, and, unles a
micher war actually does, it is completely
Pepe to the problem. PENA has hurd
cued aver 200 radiostations againe FAIT
and is in he processed opsipping many with
backup pover supplies. These stations coun
prise the Bamagency Broadanting Spron,
and cover nearly half the nation. Also, most
American housed Ine toasisor radios,
which bease ofter solin from long
mes l pals, are ela
Telecommunications are ‹prite aneber
mance. Very few civilian phone fines have
been fundeed, and Bell sees little reason to
do an. As one spokesman for the corporation
explaineạẠIo die event of a moular attack, are
you really thar anvious to call your medlier in
Denie?" Maybe not, but you may be inter»
ested in contacting the fre department, the
palec, or your nearest HEMA office. "Only
the gasements system has been hardenedạ
the Bell spokesman respond&Ạạhat's the
Pentapres chrice_
Pover networks remain the hipper prob-
lem area According tothe FEMA Ard
Farinear MasanfẠạiThe conubtice
weight of EMP effects... makes liedy wide»
spread power fadore or a national sale ar
the very beginning of a nuckear attackạ
Pourer companies rely on liplining arresters
to protect sensitive cantry from sudden
pli. Unfately, EM can soot through
there ameters wat before they have a chance
m hip circuit finalers. As a raal, pomer
suriont would have to shut down. And
you re talking 12 to 24 hours to get them
Lack on line.
Considering this tange of problens, it is
surprising that EMP has only recendy come
to the torchiont in the political arena. So far,
the debore has focused mainly on military
omber than civilian protection. Hardiners,
a ho have successfully shified America's de
konse strategy to emphasize the survivability
and even winnability of a limited madear
war, deen it essential that billion nure be
shed for EM41 hardening They abo think
that the Soviets were way ahead of un in the
*EMP race" when the 1963 new bon went
into ellet As TImb physicis Edward
"Teller sces itạẠe insist that our citizens re•
main iporant.. alike we have coery reason
to believe that our adversaries.. are well
informed on the subject." Teller and others
would have us faeak the atmospher ic test
ban Beaty to "catch top" with tie Soviets on
EMD research.
Arms connel advocates could not disagrer
more. Breaking the has, they say, would un
dermine one of the fee true advances made
so for in elective arm stabilition. They
fad the handlineriạẠạrance is marcalistic and
dangerous, beause EMP makes the concept
of linied wer specions. "Retardes of the
carlousness of commund channels probably
means that suckear war urld he uncontand
bible, a a practical matter, shendy afer the
Ere nons of vege are lunchedạFor these
popk, diplomay and effectite ants reda
tion negotiations are the only reliable ways
of preventing END-inheed mayhen.
There are so immediate ancers. The de-
bote will rentain deaths ted indefinitel, if
culy becare no counte data exis to back
op either side. In the menuine, the harden
ing budget continues to gree. And your're
just as vulnerable as eter

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3706, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pop Sci May 80
Bomb-blast simulator
Building a structure this big (see the autos
for scale) out of wood is usually an engi-
neering exercise left to roller-coaster de-
signers. But this one uses wood bocause it
must. Called the Trestle Electromagnetic
Pulse (EMPI Simulator, it will be used as a
test stand to check the performance of
military hardware aboard aircraft in the
very intense electromagnetic fields gener-
ated during a nuclear-weapons axplosion.
Conditions during flight must be duplicat-
ad as nearly as possible, so the aircrott
must be held off the ground by a support-
ng structure, which in turn must be non-
megnetic and a nonconductor of electrici-
ty. Wood was the material chosen, on the
basis of its physical properties.
4 During each test, two five-magavolt
puise generators will be triggered at the
base of a large, wedge-shaped structure
at one end of the trestle. The wedge ects
as a waveguide to channel the electro-
magnetic fields generated toward a focus
at the lest deck, where the aircraft sils. The
two pulses meet at the apex of the wedge
to form a singie 10-MV wave that com-
pletely envelops the craft. Fence-like an-
tennas on both sides of the trestle will y
help confine the fields to the test area.
The new complex, is located on the
grounds of Kirtland Air Force Base, in Al- .
buquerque, N.M. It is a cooperative van-
ture involving the Air Force Weapons Lab-
oratory, Air Force Systems Commnd,
Dynlectron, Inc., and the EG&G Wash-
• | POPULAR SCIENCE
ington Analytic Services Center, which
will manage the faaility's operations and
maintenance for two years. Data garnered
from the tosts will eventually be used to
design protactive shielding for military
aircralt.
nega tutt:
Expert criticizes
study of N-blast
effect on reactors
UPIL A government study concludes
that a nuclear explosion over the United States is unlikely to 2
trigger accidents, at nuckar reactors, but a top defense
expert is critical of the findings, it was reported yesterday.
The study on the effect of electromagnetic pulse from a
high-alitude atomic bomb blast was done for the Nuclear
Regulatory Commision by the Sandia National Laboratorles
# In New Mexico, the Washington Post sald
E Electromagnetic pulse is the intense radio wave energe
produced by a nuclear explosion. Defense planners have
expressed concern thai just one nuclear blast detonated
about 250 milles above the Midwest could knock out much of
the nation's electronic communications and electric pov
Sandia scientists concluded If i unlikely that ar, EMP
(electromagnetie pulse) event wil fail sufficient equipment
so as to prevent safety shutdown" of the more tharito U.S
commerclal reactors, the Post reported. -22
bathe findings were cricked by De. Conrad Longmine, a
former nuclear weapons designer at the Los Alamos Nation-
cal Laboratory who devdioped the firal comprehensive theory
Hof electromagnetic pulse, the Post said.,
SKE15¢
elt could appear that the gentlest investigation possible.
twas desired." Longmire charged.
sat he rest sta forete challenged the use by Sandia.
sumptions that provide only a slaky foundation for the
conclusions, Longmire wrote, I think that with a sufficient-
Cong chain of plausible assumplions, one could reach any
conclusion desirediạior 4 han
The Post shid Longmire also questioned the study
usefulness in light of Sandia's decision to analyze only select;
ed reactor components, to consider only the first microse
Scond-long burst of electromagnetle pulse and not to tudy
Ahe implications of false signals sent out are EVer
it Another expert, George Baker of the Defense Nuclear
Sagency, also crilicized the report, saying it Is impossible to
completely rule out chandaur

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 763, "chars": 4827, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S. command 'vulnerable'to Soviet attack
WASHINGTON (AP) - The
nation's civilian and military
command is extremely vulnera-
ble to Soviet nuclear attack but
trying to strengthen it might do
more harm than good, says an
expert on nuclear strategy.
ẠỊThe degree of protection ne-
tually provided would inevitably
be quite modest; the provocation
to the Soviet Union potentially
quite severeiạiạsays John D. Stein-
bruner, director of foreign policy
studies at the Brookings Institu-
tion.
Steinbruner, in an article in
the quarterly magazine "Foreign
Pelicyại said the communica
their forces, he sald. Fifty explo-
tions network which command.
sions, he added, are probably
ers now rely on could be disrupt
enough to prevent any
"coher-
ed easily by nuclear bombs.
ent" use of American forces.
"In particular,* he wrote, "a
Steinbruner noted that the So-
very small number of high-alti-
viets also are vulnerable but that
tude explosions (one to five)
their planning calls for full-scale
eould subject the United States
commitment of their forces if
to short but intense electromag-
war breaks out.
netic Impulses in the range of
President Reagan's request for
25,000 to 50,000 volts per me-
$18 billion to develop and im-
ter."*
prove the command structure
over five years may seem desir-
That would knock out many
able but could worsen the situn-
kinds of military and civilian cir-
tion, he said.
cuits and help
*decapitatet the
To the Soviets, such a program
control of U.S.
authorities over
would be a sign of increased U.S.
willingness to start a nuclear
war and might convince Moscow
that a nuclear exchange is inevi-
table and that it must act first,
Steinbruner said.
This danger could be avoided
If the United States establishes a
more stable relationship with the
Soviet Unioniạas a priority ob
jeetive of U.S. security poliey."
he said.
The vulnerability of the com-
mand structure, he said, requires
reining in the impulse to use nu-
cleoverceạẠạo send signals of
JACK ANDERSON
Scary Weapon
NEW destructve force. known in
Cathe backrooms of the Pentagorld
the stark letters EMP, could end World
War Ill before it started.
EMP stands for¿Ạelectromagnetic
pulseiỊan awesome force that has pre-
espitated some hushed and worried dis-
cussion behind closed doors. It's still no
more than a scientific theory mercifully
untested.
In language only a scientist would
understand, a high-altitude nuclear ex-
plosion causes gamma rays to collide
with electrons in the air molecules. This
sets up a transverse electric current
that creates electromagnetic pulses ra-
diating down toward the earth.
UT WHAT EMP means to the rest of
us is simply this: If nuclear weapons
were to be detonated 200 miles above
the United States, the electromarneuc
puises from the explosion would almost
instantaneousty knock out all the elec-
trical power in North America.
What worries our strategie thinkers
is that EMP might be used to knock out
America's top-level "C-cubed system -
command, control and communications
- which is supposed to respond to a
nuclear strike with a rotallatory attack
Some Pentagon analysts have spec
retaliation.
Before we run up the white fla
however, I should point out that oth
experts consider a Russian EMP thre
to be a little less awesome than th
Henny Penny-types suggest. They pol
out, correctly, that the Kremlin wou
still have to worry about U.S. nuclea
armed submarines, which would be u
affected by any electrical power failur
in the continental United States.
Meanwhile, top-secret CIA repor
make it clear that the Soviets have bei
performing EMP tests since at lea
1974. So, of course, have our scientis
No one has the slightest idea who
ahead in the EMP race.
The obnous answer to an
EM
attack by the Russians would be
"harden the C-cubed facilities so th
they could withstand the threat. But
top-secret Joint Chiefs of Staff repor
obtained by my associate Dale Van Att
shows that this hasp't been done.
"The eround-hased facilities and
tendant communications of the Natio
al Military Command System probabl
would he destroyed in the early stap
of a nuclear attack, or degraded
EMPs and jamming attacks
ne rpo!
wares. In other words, the control ee
tor at which a president would push t
button to retaliate against an enem
attack might not work.
EN FACT, the report notes, the pre
"dent's control center could be so bac
ly disrupted hy an EMP attack that i
*ability to execute a coordinated strat
die nuclear response to attack cou
become questionableẠạ
The Joint Chiefs are also worrie
that, without equipment hardene
apainst IMP effects, the ability to it
form beadquarters of a nuclear attac
by Russian submarine missiles
mug:
not comeiẠin time to respond befor
missile impaet on Washington, D.C.*
Defense contractors are now wor
ing on systems that will be immune t
wectromagnete pulse effects.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 861, "chars": 5733, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ring 19 miles up or higher - blanket a
Tine-of-sight penumbra on earth. For a
blast 50 miles up. the affected ground
radius on earth would be roughly 600
miles; at 100 miles up. the ground radius
would be 900 miles. And for an explosion
centered over the country at an altitude of
200 miles, the entire continental United
States (including parts of Canada and
Mexico) would be drenched in a bath of
EMF.
In these high-altitude bursts, gamma
rays traveling upward enter an atmos-
phere of such low air density that they
must go long distances belore getting ab-
sorbed. Meanwhile, earthbound gamma
rays encounter an atmosphere of increas-
COMPONENTS SUSCEPTIBLE
TO EMP EFFECTS
Components Highly Susceptible
microwave semi-conductor diodes
afield effect transiston
paudio tran
wer rectiler sen
Components Highly Susceptible
Operational Malfunction
computers
computer power supplies
transistorized power supplies:
semiconductor devices terminating in
Bong cable runs
alarm systems
ntercom systems
tran
storized recei
ivers and transmitters
tarized converters
storized control systems
power systems control
Components Moderately Susceptible
to Operational Malfunction
Vacuum tube équipment such as
transmitters
• receivers
alarm systems,
• interconis
• teletype-telephone
@ power supplies
Equipment with low current switche
relays, meters, such as:
- alarms
• power system control panels
_ panel indicators
• status boarde + %
+: process controis
Other equipment:
Slong power cables
*high energy storage capacitors or
-inductors
240
Components Least Susceptible to
ạOperational Malfunction
ligh voltage 60 hertz
motors
grotary converte:
Glament lamps
I heavy dray relayą
W/circult bresters
air insuled cabl
HOW LIKELY IS
A RAIN OF EMP?
Only a lew years ago, nuciear war
was depicted as the end of civilization:
After the radioactive clouds settled. life
as we know it was supposed to grind to
a halt. No more. Today, military strate-
gists speak in terms of surviving a nu-
clear volley; and civil-delense planners
are concentrating on postwar recover
schemes to restore vital services and
government once the nuclear ex-
changes cease. So long as strategists
think the nation can survive a nuclear
volley - perhaps even win one - the
concept of nuclear warlare remains
plausible. It becomes a real option,
ghastly as that option may be.
Hence, a growing civilian interest in
EMP. While the radioactive contamina-
tion and explosive eflects of nuclear
warlare could prove massive. there has
conventionally been reason to believe
some hinterlands would escape rela-
tively unharmed. ButẠIMP removes the
possibility of an unscathedihinterland."
and thereby potentially adds an en-
tirely new dimension of damageiạex-
plains a 1972 study by Oak Ridge Na-
tional Laboratory.
It's this aspect that makes high-alti-
tude detonations so awesome. While
the scaring heat, radiation and explo-
sion will probably obscure any EMP el
Jects in most ground blasts, it will be
the other way around with high-
altitude explosions; EMP ellects will
dominate
AndiẠin a nuclear attack, a series o!
high-altitude bursts is likelyạinotes a
July 1973 report prepared by the lormer
Defense Civil Preparedness Agency
"The source of these bursts may range
from an attacker's offensive missiles
detonated explicitly to produce EMP el-
lects, to our own delensive mussiles de-
ployed to intercept offensive missiles.
It seems reasonable, then, to expect
dozens or perhaps hundreds of high-
altitude defensive and oflensive bursts
spread out over a period of a few min-
utes or an hourẠại
But Bill Macklin of 1RT Corp. points
out that there are other possible sce-
narios. For instance, a small terrorist
group could seek ostensibly peacelu
retribution against economic threats
and political aggression by unexpec
tedly detonating one or a series of nu
clear devices in the upper atmosphere
of their enemy's territory. It needn't kill
anyone, but it could certainly take an
enormous economic toll
Paul Fleming of the Delense Nuclear
Agency tends to discount such hypo-
thetical scenarios, askingạiis that a
creditable terrorist actioniạiHe sug-
gests that it's a costly and difficult
gambit with no clear payolf and adds
that it may also require more techno-
logical sophistication than most poor
terrorists can muster.
What worries people like Macklin.
however, is the existence of firms that
might sell a launch capability to any-
one with money. The West German firm
Otrag (Orbital Transport und Raketen
Aktiengesselschaft AG). for instance. is
preparing to offer just such a service
and has locused its marketing on the
Third World. Last month Oirag an-
nounced a fourth test of its low-cost
single-stage launch vehicle from a site
in Libya. A two-stage vehicle is ex
pected to be test launched later this
year, and by 1955 the company ex
CL
to be able to launch craft into orbi
According to the March 23 AVIATION
WIEK AND SPACE TICHNOLOG!
president, Frank Wukasch,ạẠconfirmed
that the lest firings in Libya have led to
recent charges from the gover
ament of
Morocco that the revolutionary regime
of Libya's Col. Muammar Qadhafi was
using Otrag to acquire a capability to
develop medium-range missilesiại
While Wukasch dismissed this asser
tion, NASA'S Lynn Hanold told SCIENCE
NewsiạiIt is a lact that this company has
basically said they'll launch any cus
tomer who would pay them. And there
are people who are concerned they
would then be open to launch some
thing military because they're not in
terested in approving or passing judg
ment on what the payload is but just
providing a launch service."
Grrag launch vehicle lifts off from Sebo
Gasis I Libya's Sahara Deser! dunng
lest. Otrag hopes to have vehicies able
to pulsareilites iT orbir by 1952
301

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1234, "chars": 7920, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Defensive
CHLO
Ches
Strategies that harden electrical and
electronic systems against electromagnetic
pulses may save lives during a nuclear war
and permit the restoration of society afterward
BY JANET RALOFF
The secund of two parts
Il the detonation of a high-yield nuclear
willinghess to confront the situation and
weapon in the United States' upper at-
prepare
mosphere showered the nation with an
electromagnetic puise (EMP), how would
prophecy - becomes
self-fulfilling
Perhaps if IMP protection were rela-
American technology stand up? It's a aues-
tively inexpensive, there would be less re-
ton that can't be answered with any cer-
sistance to hardening. But there isẠạ
tainty loday because the electronics revo-
pretty impressive price tag* associated
lution in the computerization of America
with hardening, roles Bill Macklin of uT
is introducing an incresing EMP vulnera-
Corp. (a firm that has specialized in EMP
bility to all segments of society. And that
work for the military). Estimates vary, but
worries a multitude of delense planners.
it could cost at least an extra 15 to 20
ENT is a powerful and potentially deva-
percent to build EMP protection into a new
stating form of electromagnetic fallout"
lacility: And the higher cost would go not
associated with nuclear weapons (SN:
so much for added or more expensive
5/9/81, p. 300) and other major explosive
equipment, explains Ralph Sinnott, an
bursts. Unlike radioactive fallout, this rain
electronics engineer with FEMA, as for
is believed harmless to living things but
*seeing that tradesmen do the construc-
potentially lethal to electronics and elec-
tion differentlyiEMP-hardening an exist-
trical systems. It wreaks its havoc by in-
ing facility can be notably more expensive.
ducing staggeringly large and rapid cur-
Perhaps the largeat controversy in
rent or voltage surges through electrically
EMP-hardering - one Macklin describes
conducting materials. And because nu-
as being almost theological" in nature -
clear weapons generate the most virulent
has developed in response to the tackling
lorm, it's not surprising that study of the
of these potentially expensive retrofit
phenomenon was cloaked in secrecy until
cases. At issue is whether to shield al!
the mid 1960s.
vulnerable components in a metal box,
During the early 1960siIt was so classi.
generically known as a Faraday cage, or
fied that if you said EMP out loudỊijokes
whether to seek out and selectively shield
James KerriẠỊyou probably had to have
only the most vulnerable components
your mouth washed out with secret lo-
It may not sound like a big deal, but
lionạKerr, who is staff director for the
Macklin says that while the latter, tailored
Federal Emergency Management Agency's
approach could involve more design
Technological Hazards Mitigation Divi-
analysis, it could also costẠalmost an
sion, said he was unable to study the ef-
order of magnitude lessẠithan installing e
lects of EMP on civil systems for his agen-
Faraday cage. That becomes an attractive
cy's lederal predecessor in 1965¿Ạbecause
selling point when the economy is under-
it was so classifiediẠạiHis goal had been the
going a fiscal belt-tightening. In addition.
development of a guide for the protection
tailoring in smaller, selective changes to
of civilian systems and industrial facilities
an existing system usually proves less dis-
against wartime IMP. Kerr's guide eventu-
ruptive to its users - for example, no
ally made its debut, eight years later.
workers tearing out existing walls, ceilings
What has been its impact? According to
or floors - during the hardening phase.
Mike King, an EMP-shielding analyst who
And that's another strong plus
until last July worked at the Defense Nu-
But this tailored approachẠis very, very
clear Agency in WashingtoniẠi think, ba-
configuration-dependent," notes King. a
sically, that civilian industry per se has
strong advocate of total shielding. He ex-
totally no regard for EMP. I guess their
plains that the vulnerability of a particular
theory is, 'Hell, if we're going to be under a
system or facility is so depencent on the
nuclear attack, why am I worried about my
exact layout of components and even the
computer file?iỊiẠạ SCIENCE NEws confirmed
process used to manulacture seemingly
in interviews with several industrialists
identical parts that any changes in the
that that view is one being used to justity
onginally analyzed system could render a
ignoring the hardening -or protection -
specifie tailored hardening scheme "for
of equipment against EMP within the elec-
naughtiẠạAnd it has almost become the
tric power industry:
rule, not the exception, for firms to up-
In a paper issued last December, FEMA'S
grade electronic systems with minor
Russell Clanahan attempts to counter
changes or additions that inexpensively
such attitudes. "Much of the destructive-
increase the productivity or capability of
ness of a nuclear attack, in lives and prop-
the existing system
erty lost, depends on the unpreparedness
But there is an even more interesting
of the one attacked. In a sense.... the un-
aspect to the tailored versus Faraday cage
314
debaleạẠỊWhile the tailored gigs all apr
that the [Faraday cage] approach w
work. King says. "not everybody agre
that the tailored approach will" Wh
more, he says, even advocates of t
tailored approach think that when bui
*ga new system or facility. it will cost le
to shield it in a Faraday cag
shielding with a Faraday ca
the soundest way to goẠạiKing claims
turns out -and Im doing a lot of work
this area - that it appears also to be t
cheapest way to go over the life-cyclei o
system.
Debate over the topic is so inlense a
vital to issues of cost and hardening elle
tiveness that the Defense Nuclear Agen
will convene a big working symposium e
the issue in a lew months
One issue on which there is seeming
no argument is that technology now exis
to zMP-harden any vuinerable system.
But just because something uses ele
tronic parts doesn't mean that the syster
is vulnerable. And an impressive survey!
narrow down when and why something
vuinerable bas been conducied over th
past 25 years, largely with Defense De
partment funding. Many of those studie
are still classified, although their result
are pouring into the open literature
For instance, communications equip
meat using bipolar transistors with sell
contained batteries and loop antennas ar
not susceptible to direct ExP damage
Similar equipment using stick antennas u
to 40 inches long is also safe. However
electronic equipment using field-effec
transistors could be damaged if the con
nected antenna is more than 30 inche
Jong. The general implication of thest
studies, notes the Delense Department in
one of its attack-environment manuals, is
that mobile communications equipmen
- including walkie-talkies and the com
mon transistor radio - are relatively sur-
viable in an EMP environment. But radio
transmitting stations will be vulnerable
unless expressly hardened for IMP.
It sort of bolled down to," says Kerr, "i!
there's no antenna, there's no problem."
For example, computers are one of the
most vuinerable systems to EMP. But a
computerẠạis not much more vulnerable
than a piece of marble,* unless and until
It's attached to an antenna, the FEMA re-
search director said. And every metal ob-
ject represents a potential antenna to col-
lect radiated IMP signals and locus them
into more massive ones.
That's one reason why FEMA has elected
lo EMF-harden radio-broadcast stations
throughout the nation. Televisions, with
their large rooftop antennas and power
cords, are prime candidates for aMP dam-
age. But transistor redios aren't. and it has
been estimated that 80 percent of the pop
ulation has access to them. 50 if, and
wben, the Emergency Broadcast System is
called into use for warning the public
about a nuclear attack, an IM7-hardened
pelwork of AM and FM radio stations could
SCIENCE NEWS, VOL 119

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2568, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For the protection of sophisticated electronic
quipment, the designer can use
molded
composites
as EMI shields
D.M. Bigg and
D.E. Stutz,
Battelle-Columbus
Laboratories
"THE NEXT WORD YOU HEAR may be the
FCCỊồỊ(1). These words may have been said
half in jest-but they contain considerable
truth, The prolileration of electronic equip.
ment has caused ever increasing levels of
electromagnetic radiation in the environ-
ment. Various authors have discussed the
need for protection of sensitive devices from
the effects of this radiation (2-5); they have
proposed several ways in which the interfer-
ence can be reduced
Metallic shields can, of course, provide
this protection. But the high weight of solid
metal shields and housings, as well as the
relatively high costs and the inconvenience
of applying metal foils and coatings to plastic
housings, have goaded the designers to
search for alterative methods for shielding
to prevent electromagnetic interference
(EMI).
The primary requirement for an EMI
shielding material is that it conduct electrity.
in recent years, much research has been di-
rected toward the inducing of electrical con-
ductivity into plastic materials.
One of the most common ways to impart
electrical conductivity to plastics involves
the incorporation of conductive fillers into
the plastic matrix. The most-used fillers in
clude conductive carbon blacks, carbon anc
graphite fibers, metal-coated glass fibers,
metal particulates, and metal fibers
In general, designers choose plastics lo
equipment housings because of their lov
densities, their relatively low costs (as
applied), their ease of forming, and their
chemical inertness. In addition, the plastic
chosen must exhibit physical properties
adequate for the application. But the incor-
And addition of heavy fillers will negate the
desirable low density of the unfilled plastic.
In many applications, high thermal con-
ductance is desirable to remove heat gen-
erated by the operating equipment. But plas-
tics, by nature, are thermal insulators. The
introduction of certain metallie fillers can
improve the thermal conductance, as well as
the electrical conductivity. We have pre-
viously shown (6) that use of fibers as fiflers
increases thermal conductance more signifi-
cantly than does an equal loading of an ir-
regular particulate.
Aluminum flake and fiber
More recently, we have studied (7) the
electrical resistivity, the thermal conductiv-
ity, and the tensile strength of metal-fiber-
filled composites. We obtained the alumi-
num fibers used by a modification of'our melt

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 781, "chars": 5422, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
quency of the radiation increases. At the
same time, absorption increases as the fre-
quency increases. But composites shield
astly by reflection, Thus, at higher
. quepcies-above 10° Hz-we get absorp-
tion as well as reflection.
These conditions have brought about a
need for a uniform method for the measure-
ment of bulk conductivity. In the past, stan-
• dards have included testing in a shielded
room. Within a given shielded room, results
are quite comparable from test to test. But
bulk conductivities determined in different
shielded rooms by different researchers
otten yield incompatible results.
By making some assumptions, we can de-
vise another, more appropriate method for
determining the relative ettectiveness ot
EMI shielding materials (9), Using a
transmission fine technique, shieldingeffec-
tiveness values are valid for all frequencies
below the upper limit imposed by the p-
proximations. Theretore, shielding is not a
function of frequency
Electrically conducting composites
@ Thus, random incorporation of short alu-
minum fibers into a polymeric matrix can
form an électrically-conducting composite at
low filler loadings, Fibers having an aspect
ratio of 24:1 produced a composite having a
"ume resistivity of 12.4 ohm-cm at a vol-
sie loading of only 7.7%.
In such composites, as we have noted ear-
lier, the transition from insulator to conduc-
tor occurs over a narrow range of filler con-
centration. Above the concentration critical
for conductivity, there is little change in the
resistivity of the composite.
- Csing aluminum fibers of longer length,
but with an aspect ratio similar to that of the
shorter fibers, we made a 10-volume-% com-
posite. The resulting mixture had a density
of 1.09 g/ml. The volume resistivity was 4
ohm-em; the tensile strength was approxi-
mately that of the base polypropylene.
Continuing research
During the past few years, the markets for
EMI shielding devices have been expanding
at a rapid rate. Especially in computers, in
communications, and in transportation,
these markets should continue to expand.
This increase in demand will be accom-
panied by a need for greater flexibility in
producing shields, as well as greater product
reliability. To meet the tighter specifications
in these fields, there must be advances in
composite design and in materials process-
A to produce consistent properties.
Our reseurch to date has indicated that
there are improvements to be made in mate-
rials for EMI shielding. Probably, the mate-
rials we have reported here are not a total
answer-
-even if they are a part of the emerg-
ing picture.
In addition, we have noted that methods
for testing shielding effeetiveness vary from
manufacturer to manufacturer. For the UHF
and the VHF ranges, there are methods, such
as MIL-STD 285, But all current test
methods seem to be less than totally satistac-
tory, leading to confusion over the effective
EMI shielding qualities of materials in some
geometries.
as the frequency of the electrical impulse
changes, so does the shielding requirement
Test methods become more varied. Thus, it
becomes more difficult to compare materials
in the higher frequency ranges. We need e
better testing method that will take into ac-
count the effects of various phenomena,
such as resonant cavities and antenna
phenomena.
We, therefore, have proposed i joint pro-
gram, to be sponsored by at least 15 com-
panies, directed toward the completion of
the following steps:
• Acquisition and organization of infor-
mation on the cutrent state of conductive
composites and shielding technologies.
• An examination of new materials or
concepts that might be useful in conductive
composites.
• A study of processing requirements and
the properties of conductive composites.
• Development of a new EMI shielding
text procedure.
The wide interest in EMI shielding sug-
gests that the program be offered to a number
of companies for support. This will perit
participating companies to receive the bene-
fits of a major study for a small share of the
total cost
With 15 memhers now signed up. mini- THE AUTHORS
mum appropriation has been ussured. Ad-or. Derait M. Bigg do
ditional companies may join after research is program manager
has begun by assuming the sume financiul
in the Polymer
obligation as the original members of the
Science and Technolo
Section Eanelle
group.
Columbus Laboratone
Columbus OH
A praduste or unv
of Massactusetts
References
ine is involved in
polymer meology
1. Clary, J.F., Hasties Warla, March 19, 1976.
studres and nas
2. Gerbosi, P.F., Industrial Research! Decelop-
worked ertensively
ment, 21 (4), 1979, p.119.
on deve comeni e
elechicahr conduct re
3. Kosiurski, J.P., Reinforced Plastics/ Con-
thermoD Est CS
posites Institute, SPI, 1979.
David & Sturz Hower,
4. Reilly, J.J., Midcon Tr.
15 a resea dh sciemai
in the Prysical Scienc
5. Bradish, F.W., Reinforeed Plasties/ Com-
Section, Batteife
posites Institute, SP1, 1978.
_A graduate di Case
6.
Bies, D.M., Folym. Engr. Sci., 17, 1977, p.542.
Instituté of Technologi
7. Bigg, D.M., Polym. Engr. Sei., 19 1979, in
he has waked in
many areas of evectric
press
engineering including
8. Gurlund, J., Trans, Met. Soc. AIME, 236, 1966, reder aasober
p.612.
develooment and
appliaations of colh
9. Stutz, D.E., Atterbury, T.J., und Hurvey, 1.W. nigh and tow power
Primary Packige and
Container Exposition al micro ave
and Conf., April 1979.
frequenc es
La tre

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1114, "chars": 7159, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C
EMP
A SLEEPING
ELECTRONIC
DRAGON
Our growing dependence
on solid-state electronics
may leave us vulnerable
to a potentially
devastating type of
nuclear fallout
The first of two parts
BY JANET RALOFF
A nuclear bomb detonates 250 miles
above Omaha, Neb. A type of fallout most
people have never heard of bathes the en-
tire nation, and within a fraction of a sec-
ond people coast to coast find themselves
without power, without telecommunica-
tons, without computers-in a word, vul-
nerable. The fallout is called EMP, for elec-
tromagnetic pulse. Its effects are the
opposite of those of the neutron bomb:
EMP cripples or kills electronic equipment
but leaves humans standing -very much
alive and vulnerable.
It has been estimated that roughly one
millionth of the lotal energy of a nuclear
explosion is emItted as an EMP. Il the pulse
from a high-altitude detonation were de-
livered in the opening salvo of a warring
siege, the attacked population might
spend precious minutes or hours reeling
in chaos. Even il the defending military
could respond, the civilian sector - un-
able to communicate well, il at all-would
find recovery of vital services slow: But
should the EMP shower down inẠỊpeace-
time* -also a distinct possibility -a na-
tion might find itself temporarily disabled
industrially and seriously crippled eco-
nomically.
Nuclear-weapons-generated EMP is by
no means a new phenomenon, though for
years it has had an extremely low profile
• outside the defense-electronics commu-
nity. In fact, since the detonation of con-
ventional high explosives sometimes pro-
duces an EMP, similar signals were
expecied to accompany nuclear bursts.
But the extent and particularly devastat-
ing nature of the nuclear-generated sig-
nals did not become obvious until several
years after the United Stales began its pro
gram of above-ground nuclear-weapons
tests, The signals lelt their imprint as a
series of seemingly unexplainable failures
or burnouts in equipment set up to
monitor effects of the nuclear tests.
Analysis ultimately pointed a finger at EMP
as the cause when investigation showed
that induced currents and voltages pro-
duced the failures
Around 1960, several more graphic inci
dents drove home the possible vulnerabil-
ity of civilian and military electrical and
electronics systems. One of the most la
strings of street lights in Oahu, Hawaii, in
1962. The Hawaiian outages are now al-
tributed to EMP from high-ltitude nuclear
tests 800 miles away, near Johnston Island
in the Pacific. That EMP is also held re-
sponsible for having opened power line
circuit breakers and for setting off "hun-
dredsỊof burglar alarms in Honolulu.
But "IMp was just sort of a sleeping
spook out thereẠạisays Bill Macklin of IT
Corp. (a firm that specializes in EMP work
for the military) until the electronics revo-
lution and related computerization of th-
dustrial processes and business functions
ushered in a mushrooming escalation in
our potential vulnerability to eMP disrup-
tion.
The phenomenon wreaks its havoc by
inducing current or voltage surges
through electrically conducting materials.
In some cases the surges merely trip cir-
cuil breakers, shutting down a piece of
equipment or power line. In other cases,
especially where semiconductor mate-
rials are involved, individual components
or circuits are destroyed.
Vacuum-tube systems tend to be many
times more resistant to permanent dam-
age from EMP than are semiconductor sys-
tems, and 60-hertz motors are even more
resistant than vacuum tubes. "But even
molors can be damaged if connected to a
very large energy-collecting structure.
warns the Defense Nuclear Agency What's
more, every system or electrical complex
must be evaluated individually to deter-
mine its potential vulnerability to EMP.
Laboratory lests, for instance, have shown
that the potential vulnerability of similar
systems can vary widely depending on the
type of components used, the way compo
seemingly identical parts
In a crude sense, EMP is similar to radio
waves. But it exhibits important differ-
ences. EMP waves include a broader range
of frequencies and amplitudes than radio
transmitters can produce, and electric
fields associated with EMP can be millions
of times greater than those associated
with radio waves. Yet like radio waves. IMP
energy is picked up by antennas and con-
ducled to attached - or in some cases
adjacent unantached - equipment.
The actual energy raining down in an
EMP pulse is not all that high, which ex
plains why humans are not affected Ir
fact, EMP is presumed to be no more harm
Ju to humans than is a flash of distan
lightning. Effects of Nuciear Weapons, a
book published jointly by the De
ments of Defense and Energy, ado
dogs and monkeys showed no advers
health effects aller being exposed to singi
amPs or pulses administered repeatedly
over a period of months. Contact with ar
ellective EMP collector. though
. such as a
long wire, pipe, lence, conduit, railroac
track or other large metal object, could
impart a helty shock. That's because, as a
general rule, the amount of EMp that any
antenna collects is proportional to it:
overall dimensions. And virtually ever
electrical conducior will serve as an EMp
antenna unless it is adequately shielded
All nuclear explosions generate an eur
although the intensity, duration and ares
over which the pulse is eflective varie
with the altitude of the burst. Even the
mechanism by which EMP is generted
may diller with the altitude at which a
bomb is detonated.
Gamma rays emitted by nuclear reac
bons and gamma rays produced by neu-
tron interactions with bomb residues and
other materials are largely responsible lor
the processes that creale EMP. As the
gamma rays interact with materials. they
produce an ionized region about the delo
nation point,ẠỌThe negatively charged
much heavier, positively charged
say Samuel Glasstone and Philip Dain in
their book, The Effects of Nuclear
Weapons. This initially sets up a separa
tion of charges, with regions nearer the
blast point bearing a net positive charge
while those farther away build a net nega
tive charge. Charge separation creates an
electric field that can attain its maximum
value in about one hundred millionth of a
seconc.
Il the explosion occurred in an envi
ronment of perlectly homogeneous oen-
sity, the electric field would be radial
symmetric and of equal strength in all di-
rections, Glasstone and Dolan say It would
also fail to radiate electromagnetic energ
-such as EMP -Irom the ionized deposi-
tion region. But for a variety of reasons
(which can range from the deionation's
proximity to the earth, to the configura-
the air) truly homogeneous environments
never exist. The result of nonhomogenet
iS EMP.
In surface or near-surface blasts, the re
gion of peak EMp hazard is restricted to a
range of only about two to five miles from
ground zero. For higher blasts - those
occurring at altitudes up to 19 miles -the
EMP-hazard range will increast
nine-mile ground radius.
*True high-altitude blasts are another
matter: Unlike the relatively localized EMP
ellects experienced with surlace burats
bigh-allude detonations - those occur-
A VO! H10

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 4113, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
extraction process (1975) *R 100 award win-
ner). Fibers produced in this process are uni-
form in shape and size.
In this study, we investigated three differ-
ent sizes of fibers, as well as melt-extracted
aluminum flakes. We compared these com-
posites to those made with short milled clas
libers. For most determinations, the matrix
material was a polypropylene, but we con-
ducted also a few experiments using a ther-
mosetting polyester.
The conductive aluminum fibers are about
0.076 min (0.003 in.) dia. They can be any
length, but processing requirements indi-
20 -
Ratio
of thermal
conductivity.
Electroconductive fillers in-:
duce conductivity into a
comoosito when they form &
continuous network through-
our the composite. The uso of
aluminum fake and tiber
fillers effects marked im-
provement in the electrical
conductivity of the system.
This is a primary require-.
ment for EMI shialding.!
20
40
Weight Percent of matal!
60
50
Base resin: polyester
99.99
- 40
89.90
90.00
·20
90.00
20% Fiber
30% Flake, 1n
10
1.0
10,0
100.0
1,000.0
Frequency MH2
Effective shielding agsinst electromagnetic racietion is found in
composites containing aluminum flake or liber or both.
Modified polypropylena
No filler
10% to 30% Glass 30% Metal
Properties:
Specific pravity
Shrinkage, in/in
Tensile strength, pai
Tensile elongation, %
Flexural strength, psi
Flexural modulus, psi
Notched Izad, ft la/in,
HDT 1264 psil, F
Volume resistivity, CLom
9
010-025
5,000
200-700
6,000-8.000
170.000-250,000
,6-2.2
200-250
1016
1.05-1.24
002-008
6,000-14,500
2.0-3.6
7,000-11,00ął
380,000-850.000
1.0-5
230-300
1015
1.14
NZA
4,600
2.B
7,400
650,000
250
103
04
INDUSTRIAL RESEARCHIOLVI
17 1970
cate that fiber lengths of 1.5 to,6.35 mm
(0.0625 to 0.25 in.) are best. The conductive
flakes are 1.0 × 1.25 × 0.025 mm (0.04 × 0.05
× 0.001 in.).
Particles with these shapes seem to
readily dispersed throughout most of the
thermoplastic resins. With the exception of
positions, using the conventional transfer
injection, and compression molding tech
niques emploved in fabricating plastic
enclosures.
Electrical conductivity
It is not necessary-or even possible-to
block all EMI radiation. Researchers at IBM
have estimated that an attenuation of 30 dB
would be adequate for 80 to 90% ofall shield-
ing applications.
In general, electrically conductive fillers
induce conductivity into a composite when
they form a continuous network throughout s
the composite, That is, the conductive fillers
are effective only when the filler concentra-
tion is such that filler patticles can touch
each other.
The change from insulator to conductor
occurs over a very narrow tange of filler load-
ings. The two parameters that most signifi-
cantly affect the conductivity of composites
are volume loading and particle shape. T
critical concentration at which a conductiv.
filler induces conductivity in the resulting
composite depends primarily on tha
geometry of the particle.
In other words, conductivity will occurata
filler concentration which permits the prob-
able number of contacts per partiele to reach
a certain value. For spherical filler particles,
the critical number of particle contacts per
filler particle is about 1.5 (8). Both theoreti-
cal considerations and experimental data
have shown that use of fibrous fillers or ag:
gregating particles reduces the filler con-
centration needed to achieve the critical
number of probable contacts.
For many applications, a volume loading
of 5%, using aluminum flake and fiber parti-
cles, provides enough probable contacts to
raise the conductivity to a level effective for
EMI attenuation, In terms of cost, this
translates to electronic gear housing costing
about $6.50 to $27/m? ($0.60 to $2.50/12). In
comparison, plastic housings caated
with
metal cost about $21.50 to $43/m (52 to $4)
ft*) of expoxed surface.
In EMI shielding, reflectance accounts for
more than 90% of the attenuation. Absor
tion of radiation accounts for most of the r
maining effect, with a small amount of
tenuation caused by other factors, such
internal reflection.
In metals, reflection decreases as the.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 789, "chars": 5151, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM
Frequency in Herd (cycles per arcond.
AC MOTORS.
POWEA TRANS
MISSION
ELECTRIC
POWER
HI-F
AUDIO
E3S
COTY =
PACES
DIOS**
SONAR
POLICE SPACE
0 RADAR
UHF-RADAR
MICEOWAVE
INFR4-RED
"ELECTROMACHETIC PULGE*
COMPARATIVE SUSCEPTIBILITY OF COMMON
DEVICES
MOTORS AND
TRANSFDEMERS
RELAYS
VACUUM TUBE
COMPOSITION E
WIREWOUND
ES STOR
RECTIFIER &
REGULATOR DIODES
MELIUM & HIS IT
POWER
TRANSISTOF
CAPACMORS (LOW
TANTALIUMI
GERMANIUM & P
LOY-POWER
TRANSISTOR
INTEGRATED SE
GIAGUITS
MICROWALE
DIODES
unpe of Theirse
Engy (Joules)
100 101 10-101
104109
Aerial fines of conventiono! telephone systems (aboue left) make good
ntennas for picking up EMT surges, and the equipment connecied to them is
vulnerable to interruption by EMP's. Fiber oplies (above right), which are
coming into use for communications, do nol contain the electric and elec-
tronic components susceptible re this kind of surge, and so are invulnerable.
hin 10 to 15 minutes broadcast the Pres-
ent or local leaders nationally,
Already FEMA haS EMP-herdened 150 to
200 of the 600 radio stations it has targeted
to make up its voluntary emergency
broadcast network, Sinnott told ScIENc
News. However, since the stations with the
biggest broadcast coverage were hard-
ened first, roughly hall of the nation is
already within earshot of an EMP-hard-
ened station. Completion of the network is
expected within three to live years.
Sinnott says that the Eas-network sta-
lions will be equipped with backup
power-supply systems, usually diesel gen-
erators, and fueled to last several weeks.
And the anticipated need for that backup
electrical power points to what is per-
ceived as potentially one of the least pre-
pared of the nation's industries.
If a high-altitude nuclear blast bathed
the nation in EMP. "my gut feeling is..,our
power :
ystems would probably not be
avalable
* says King, whose former em-
ployer, the Delense Nuclear Agency, main-
lains a more than passing interest in that
subject. DNA has run "EMP awareness
coursesồfor electric-utility executives and
engineers. Still there appears to be a wide.
spread prevalling attitude that lightning
estors used throughout that industry
more than adequate to tackle the en-
ergy delivered by a nuclear EMP
That's true, concedes King
Some of the
lightning arrestors are more than capable
MAY 16.1931
of handling the energy; but they are not
last enoughiỊạiHe explains, as do countless
reports and manuals printed by FEMA over
the past decade, that a lightning arrestor
has to be quick enough to respond to a
pulse. The devices -which short out cir-
cuits leading into sensitive power-con-
trolled equipment - are designed to han-
die lightning pulses, which King points out
are about three orders of magnitude
slower in their rise times than EMP. The
result is that an EMP can flash through the
circuit, wreaking havoc, long before the
circult can short. While some studies sug.
gest equipment damage could occur. the
most likely result of an EMP exposure
would be to trip circuit breakers aaross
the nation. Companies with insufficient
electric-load-shedding capabilities would
be forced to shut generating stations
down.iạiAnd you're talking 12 to 24 hours to
get them back on line." King says. That's
not a damage situation, it's a lunctional
upset. But the effect is the same
And the net eflect is that much if not
most of the U.S. power grid would be shut
down for hours to days, depending on the
frequency with which successive EMP
pulses arrived
ẠIt is necessary to distinguish a rather
striking contrast between civil and mili-
tary approachesạẠạto coping with potentia
EMP disruptions, explains a 1975 Delense
Department study, Elecromogneric Pulse
and Ciail PreparednessạiWhile the nearly
universal military approach has been to
harcen syslems of interest, this is not a
leasible civil measure." Military attack and
communications systems cannot allord to
shut down, even momentarily, during at-
tack periods, whereas "[c]ivil prepared-
ness systems can afford to be out of action
for periods running from minutes to daysiẠại
So while some attempt has been made to
harden civil systems, such as the Emer-
gency Broadcast Network, another com-
mon strategy has been to analyze likely
damage should an EMP occur and then to
develop contingency plans to cope. These
plans could include stoting spare parts
that would most likely need to be replaced
or simply compiling directions for manu-
ally taking over lormerly automated ac-
tivities until repairs can be made.
A number of critics worry, however, that
the electric-power industry has been too
complacent about the threat of its poten-
tial vulnerability to take even these meas
ures. And while the military has aggres-
sively sought to EMP-harden its most im-
portant facilities and weapons over the
past 15 years. it is quite dependent on sev-
eral civil systems that appear potentially
still quile vulnerable to EMP-notably the
nation's electric-power and telecommuni-
calions industries., As one EMP analyst
points out - in the event. of war. these
military dependencieS on non-EMP-
hardened networks could prove an Achil-
les heel to national défense.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 802, "chars": 5188, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unlike lightning
EMT deirvers its en-
ergy across a broad
spectrum of fre-
quencies, including
those used for
broadcasi comma-
nications (top).
And though EMP
imparts less energy
than does lightning.
it delivers its energy
100 times faster,
uswally faster than
lightning arrestors
con handle.
SPECTRUM COMPARISON
- EMP
communications
radar
PIecuency
WAVEFORM COMPARISON
EMP
EMP GROUND COVERAGE
FROM HIGH ALTITUDE BLASTS
notont bi
wide penu
grons on e
EMP. Peol
mar
reGo
per meter.
Cle shous
showered
EMPIrom b
tered abor
spor o' all
miles: oute
shows cove
blas: 330 m
Portable EP simulators, like this one in Maryland. ore used to test the vulnerability of components and systems in war environ
ing density. Their inevitable interaction
with air molecules sets up an EMP source
region. Roughly circular, this source re-
gion may climb 50 miles in its center.
Horizontally it blossoms too; how far de-
pends on the bomb's kiloton yield and al-
titude at detonation.
In this IMp-generating source region,
gamma rays emitted by the blast collide
with air molecules. creating what are
known as Compton electrons. (In 1922 Ar-
thur Holly Compton discovered that pho-
tons such as gamma rays are able to knock
electrons from orbits about the atoms to
which they had been bound. The process
is roughly analogous to a flying billiard
ball colliding with another at rest. The
recoil electron, like the initially stationary
billiard ball, is generally propelled for-
ward.) The earth's magnetic field deflects
the Compton electrons, lorcing them to
spiral about the magnetic-field lines.iThis
motion causes the electrons to be sub-
jected to a radial acceleration, which re-
sults, by a complex mechanism, in the
generation of un ar that moves down
toward the earth," Glasstone and Dolan
The pulse crescendos to a peak, then
decreases. In fact. it's the nature of this
time-varying radiation to peak rapidly:
then decay somewhat more slowly
Amplitude, or strength, varies widely over
its broad frequency domain, which ex-
tends from about zero to 150 megahertz
(million cycles per second) with 99.9 per-
cent of the energy below 100 MHz. The rise
and fall of the signal occurs more rapidly
than in an equivalent-size surface burst;
therelore, more of the electromagnetic
302
energy pulsed by the high-altitude explo-
For systems whose continuou
sion falls into a higher frequency range.
tion is deemed critical, such as
And for high-altitude bursts with yields of
surveillance, communication an
a few hundred kilotons or more, electric-
units, EMP protection - kn in
field strength will vary by no more than a
gon asihardening" - bec
• C
factor of two over most of the area show-
And not surprisings: the miltar
ered by EMP. Maximum EMP fallout can
tacked the problem of hardening!
reach 50 kilovolts per meter.
gressively than has any other i
Comparing Eur with lightning illumi-
Just last month, at a conterene
nates some of the problems that come in
State Department, Lt Gen. Paul
designing systems to withstand a large
policy and planning director for t
EMP. For instance, the induction field
Chiels of Staff, announced thatẠạha
created in association with a 100 kV/m
our [communications, command
lightning stroke is on the order of one
and intelligence systems) again
kV/m electric field, with a high amplitude
tromagnetic pulse ... will be on
rise time peaking in one to live micro-
major strategic undertakings of the
seconds. In contrast, for a large, high-alti-
The public communications an
tude nuclear burst, the fields radiated onto
industries have been lar less em
the earth's surface peak in 10 nanoseconds
however. for a number of reasons
- roughly 100 times faster thaa lightning
ing the cost necessary to retro
This last rise time represents a double-
hardening to their vast networks
edged sword. First, it means the spectal
But the single most vulnerable s
energy will be distributed much more
of society-the electronics indust
broadly throughout the electromagnetic
to date largely been overlooked in t
band - including the lower microwave
assessing the degree to which its p
range. Second. the rise time is so rapid that
• are increasing the nation's vulnera
an EMP can zip through a system - de
EMP. However, IRT Corp. has begun
stroying sensitive electronics along the
survey of the computer's role in
way - belore lightning arrestors or other
with an eye toward generalizing is
defensive power-shunting switches can
And based on preliminary data, I
respond to the surge
says, We're awed by it." From auto
*In other words. EMP is sufficiently dil-
of food processing to the comput
ferent from any other electromagnetic en-
trol of fuel and power supplies. ther
vironment usually encountered that pro-
be a major civil defense threat brev
tection practices and components for
suggestsạẠiAnd I think it's an
non-EMP environments - radio-Irequency
Federal Emergency Managetait A
interlerence, lightning. radar, etc. - are
should be interested iniẠhe says. To
not directly applicable to EMP problems."
score that point, he will see that FE!
explains the Defense Nuclear Agency's
one of the first drafts of the IRT SIL
EMP Awareness Course Notes.
Next week: EMT hardening strateg

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 719, "chars": 4620, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EMI POLLUTION
Imagine a toaster that de-
livers news or music along
with the toast. Or how would
you feel if your new, expen-
sive sports car stalled be
cause the car's electronic
fuel-injection system was al-
lected by a CB radio in the
car alongside yours?
Can you believe that shav-
ing might be hazardous to
health? Electric shavers
have been known to interlere
with the rhythm of implanted
cardiac pacemakers. And in
one hospital's intensive-care
unit, electronic life-support
equipment malfunctioned
because of interterence from
the hospira is system for
paging doctors.
These facts and many
others are indicative of an
emerging new consumer
problem: the interference of
electromagnetic signals with
the operation of electrical or:
so o-state devices
EMI, electromagnetic in-
terference, is a compara-
tively new kind of air pollu-
tion. Although it can't be
seen or smelled, elec-
tromagnetic "smog" might
become a major environ-,
mental proo em.
ẠEMI will only grow worse
as electronic devices be.
come even more widespread
and sources of EMi cor. nue
to multiplyiạsaid Ernest Am-
bler director of the National
Bureau of Standards, at the
bureau's second annual EMI
workshop.
And sources of EMI are
mut plying. Today there are
about 120 million television
receivers in use in the United
States and about 400 milion
radios, and millions of other
electronic products. Micro-
wave ovens, for instance,
have grown 10 a $1.1-billion
industry in just a little more
than ten years.
Because some of these
products emit microwave
radiation, scientists and ye
physicians are worried about
possible health hazards 5
posed by the increasing use
in two-way radios, acco.
ing two-way radios,
pocket-size television set. 3.
wristwatch radio that uses
the human arm as an an-
tenna, and a personal elec-s
tronic diary that flashes im
portant appointm
is on a
tiny screen.
- This radiation is a more in
sidious form of electro-
magnetic polution because
it is capable of producing
thermal effects that are in-
jurious lo body tissue.
Northermal biolog
trel-
fects that have been
sorved in experimenta
ran
mals include cancer and
cataracts.
The United States is on
the threshold of an elec
tron os revolution
and to-
day's EM. proble
15 1i pa e
bes de those to be encour
tered in the 1980s,
said.
Chris M. Kendelf
a private
EMI consultan
- Phylis Wo mar
Would EMPs induce nuclear meltdowns?
There are some who probably view De- claims. Last year NeC decided to study the
metrios L. Basdekas as a rabble rouser. He problem.
is a Nuclear Regulatory Commission
A dictum prohibiting NAC from requir-
salety engineer who worries that electro.
ing power plants to withstand the eflects
magnetic pulses (SN: 5/9/81, p. 300) from
of nuclear war had posed a stumbling
nuclear weapons - especially those deto-
block to NRC's considering whether to
nated in the upper atmosphere - spell a
even review a potential need for harden-
significant and potential hazard to
ing, or protecting against, zMF, explains
nuciear-power plants across the nation.
Bill Morris, director of NEC's current EMP
And in his worst-case scenario he envi-
study. But he says there is a growing con-
sions a nuclear meltdown - the poten-
cern that potentially hazardous EMP's
tially catastrophic melting of a nuclear-re-
might occur outside the nuclear-war thee-
actor's fuel, which could lead to a breach-
ter where other radiation effects would
ing of its containment vessel and the even-
predominate. This meaas NKC may, in the
tual venting of lethal quantities of radioac-
future, make nuclear-plant owners build in
tive gases into the atmosphere.
some EMP hardening. And whether it does
This is a problem that has concerned
could depend on results of the stody now
Basdekas since 1976, when he testified
underway by Sandia Laboratory and Boe-
about it belore Congress. "But nothing
ing Aerospace Corp. The study is trying to
happened," he says, "not visibly, anyway"
anticipate how a typical nuclear plant
*So in 1979, despite a lack of obvious sup-
would respond to EMP and whether it
port from inside his agencyạẠiI decided to
would have difficulty safely shutting down.
stick jout] my neck still furtheriạhe says.
If all backup power for a nuclear plant
"and I wrote the President That got re-
were killed by EMP. core-cooling might be
sults. Among them were interviews with
impossible - Jaading to a meltdown. A
representatives of the National Security
1977 government study found that un-
Council and independent consultants
likely: Basdekas doesnt. By year's end. the
hired by the government to review his
NEC study will try to decide.
Sei Neurs umo & 'DI

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 700, "chars": 4388, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE INVISIBLE
CIRCUIT KILLER
Continued from page 69
United States set off a 14 megion by-
drogen bomb 24k ails above Johnston
Island in the Pacific On the Hawadan is-
land of Oahu, 400 miles to the northeast.
300 strectlights went dark and hundreds
of burglar alarns begun ringing.
In retrospect, it is clear that the silent
intruder those burglar alarms had detect
ed was an EMP.
EMP is produced when the gamma
tys emitted during the first few nanosec
ands fa nanosecond is one-billionth of a
second) of a high-altitude nuclear burst
collide with upper atmosphere electrons.
The electrons thai are scattered by the
gamma rays are accelerated and then de-
nected by the Earth's maguetic field. This
produces an extremely bigh voltage clee-
tric current; the current sals up the elec-
tromagnctic pulses, which radiate toward
the Earth
Any metal objoct on Farth -an anten-
na, a cable, a pipeline, a fence, a power
line can act as a pube collector, gather-
ing energy from the tranaitary charge.
The EMP travels through the collector to
damage machisery in the sume way that a
bolt of lightning travels deen the mast of
an unprotected salboat to ignite the bull
Partially because the EMP Is extremely
ance: to industrial control equipment.
from power current sensors to broadeast
devices and computers is likely to mal-
function as a resul of an EMP. There is
even the possbility that a widespread
EMP might affeet the electronic controls
in nuciear power plants and ultimately
Continued on page 108
short-lived-its duration is 100 times
shorter than a bolt of lightning-the unal
energy it carries is noi large. In fact. only
one-milionth of the encry of a nucl
explosion goes into EMP, which is why it
la believed to be harmless to humans. But
everything from television seis to elec-
tronic car ignitions, from home appli-
EMP
Connused from page 73
initiate meldowns in excry nuclear reac-
tor in the country.
At preen, the militury is busy shield
ing, or hardening. its equipment
agsint EMP. The Department of De
fense, according to one source, has been
quictly buying ep filer-optic cables to
gradually replace the EMP sensitive dec-
tie wires that now link its ground-based
communications networks; fiber-optic ca-
bles de not conduct EMP.
POWER CRISIS
EMP is a threat to the civilian sector as
well. "Computers, power and communi-
cations are the basic systems affected by
EMPạsays Jamies Kerr, head of research
for the Federal Emergency Managemant
Agercy. "Hut power is the moat impor»
lunt. If you have no power you have no
water, and if you have no water you have
no fire depariment, and if you have no
fire department, well..iạồi
To is climated that it would cost hon-
dreds of billions of dollars in shield entire
power and coumunications grids And
many civilian companies are reluctant to
take part in such a borge investment.
Why, they argue, should we worry ahoul
protecting computers when they would
all during a nuclear attack anyhow?
That skiepticism may be justifiedạiit's a
hitle bit of a black art, understanding how
any individual circuit may be sensitive to
EMPiỊạsays one specialist in the fickd
The U1.5. milary nas ind the search for
an answer to the EMP headache. Since
the Limited Test Bun Treaty of 1963 pro-
hibits tmospheric teating of nuclear
weapons, in receni ycars researchers have
Lad to make do with EMP simulators to
assess the reaistance of military equip
ment. The most impressive testing device
is the Treate simulator at Kirtland Air
Force Base in New Mexico, an all-wood
12-tory structure held together by
150,000 wooden as opposed to metal-
bals to prevent interference with the gen- |
erated puke. It can tap a B-52 bomber
with 5-million vali dose of EMP.
Nevertheless, cach year the United
Stutes is becoming more vulnerable to
nube effects. Jus as volicrability to ion-
leing radiation increases with biological
complexity-human beings are 1D0 times
more vulnerable than cockroaches-so
EMP vulnerabilay toes with electronic
sophistication. The old-fashioned elee-
trosic components, like high-voltage no
lars and vacuum tubes, were quite EMP.
resistant. Hut the types of computer chips
that now find their way into military and
civilian elecommunications systems are
particularly EMP-fragile. As a resula, no
one knows whether the tred alert net-
work that should be activated by an ene
my snack would even function during a
nucleur exchange.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2423, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
invariably exist, to allow penetration of
cables, wires, and pipes,
Military communication nervorks have
been especialiy difficult to harden. The De-
fense Department uses the Bell system to
maintain contact with missile bases, and
many of the links in this system are EMP.
vulnerable. In response, the Pentagon has
explored alternate channels to launch a retali-
atory strike. One idea has been to give offi-
cials on specially shielded airplanes the auton-
omous power to operate missile lanching
silos directly from the air. The president had
four Boeing 747s and the Strategie Air Come
mand an additional two dozen 707s poten-
tially suitable for this purpose. Yet rests have
shown that thousands of vital circuits on
the planes would fail in the event of an EMP
shock from half a continent away: Hardening
of these planes is underway -but only
against DNA-strength simulations.
The Pentagon other response to Bells
drawbacks has been to incorporate EMP-
resistant glass fibers into communication and
control systems. The B-1 and Srealth bomb-
ers will both use them, and the Bell system is
installing fiber optic lines from Boston to
Washington, D.C. Still, fibers themselves are
not enough. Telephone calls via these lines
must pass through the same vulnerable
switching centers and amplifiers as they did
in the old system - links which Ma Bell
simply cannot afford to harden. Nevertheless,
the Pentagon feels that, if they haven't made
their command systems invulnerable, then at
least they've shielded them to the point
Concinned on page 21
EMP itself is
nothing new. It
was first observed
over 20 years ago,
when high-altitude
nuclear tests over
Johnston Island in
the Pacific shorted
out 300 street-
lights and set off
hundreds of
burglar alarms in
Honolulu, Hawau,
800 miles away.
06.000 km
tanks to stabilize the orbit of the satellite
periodically, tanks which could generate
strong SGEMP shocks. What's more, these
devices would communicate with the ground
via relay satellites which are themselves vul-
nerable to the disabling pulse.
The effects of SGEMP bring into serious
question the credibility of the administra-
tion's new plan. "It's fine to play all these
ganes on paperi says one Wese Coast con-
sultantiẠibut what happens when push comes
to shove and we have to fight in space under
Steve is a space wor senario du wick n
3-ниçnzon nuclear imb і detonated saur 14,000
tilometers above the carth.
