{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T11:57:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2727693, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125206-cejka-how-to-use-the-higher-mind-and-develop-better-understanding.pdf", "source_sha256": "ffc2ec3732d71cd88064f9b939c842e4995b18ea5cc11479825cf95086e0d420"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2162, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page 1
REAL UNDERSTANDING
How to use our minds (higher mind) and develope better understanding
(wisdom)
Mechanist's see only one side, Mystic's see only the other side,
funchionlist's see both sides a balanced view, and the next step is awarness
and Knowing, the balanced-state of these is the Christed state of mind.
Any lower state is a Christ awerness level.
If we were to give colors to the above concepts. Mechanist would be red
light, mystic violet light, functional green light or magenta light(red
and violet oppsite of green), Knowing black light and awarness white light
Christed mind clear light.
knowing T
green
christed
→ 0t
→ awarness
clear center
* for magenta functional
white or black
center
mechäffst€
When you mix colors or put one color filter in frount of another you
get black. If you reflect colors to one spot or shine
colors from different
filters they add to make white light.
colors come from Black and white light mixing not from a prism.
Take a camera put a red filter in front of the lense then take a picture
on black and white film then repeat with out moving the camera but put
a violet filter in frount of the lense develope the black and white films
and place them in a slide projector ( you will need two projectors one
slide in each l focus both picture on the screen togather so that it look
like one picture. it will still be black and white. Now put the filters
back in frount of the projector lenses and the picture will be in full
color now. Read THE AMATEUR SCIENTIST June 1979 Scientific American.
On Edwin Land's method of getting color out of black and white by Jearl
Walker.
let us use this type of thinking on a few problems.
Page 216 ETHER, GOD AND DEVIL, COSNIC SUPERIMPOSITION by WILHEM REICH
The division of living orgonomes into male and female individuals
remains mysterious even from the stand point of orgone physics.
Awarness and knowing says it seems that all things are male and female
sodium might be male and chlorine female , therefore they are very active
when comming together but discharge to become table salt. Hydrogen and
oxygen male and female explode to discharge to become water. If we call

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2672, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page 2
positive atoms male and negative atoms female we maybe better able to
understand nature.
Now lets see
how this holds up under examination later experimatiation
will be needed.
answer
Even if you use tea leaves to get a right 99 out of a hundred time!
which could be better than any known scientific method. you still have to
test it scientificly run a experiment). Still
you will not know for sure
for you may have a experiment only you can repeat, but let us assume that
every one that tries the experiment allso can do it. This still does not
prove that you are right for your mind may have made it hapen for every on
With this in mind let us now go on. Ifa cell devides it should after
division have a little more positive charge on one side and
en a little more
negative on the other side. Since we find ithard to beleive that both
devide perfectly. After traveling through the enviroment one cell then wor
accumulate more of one charge while the other more of the opposite charge
By the fact likes attract likes and opposites repell. This would make one
cell more male and the other cell more female. After the cells have enoug
energy they form ether winds which allow oppsite to suck together then
male attracts female to discharge.
Read THE ACIENT MYSTERIES BY PHILIP CALLAHAN order from Acres USA
PO Box 9547, Raytown , Missoure 64133.
Callahan uses the research on monopoles interperated from Dr. Freema
Cope he showed that likes attracted likes and unkikes repell in the basic
creation of matter.
At ether partical level female attracts female and male attracts mal
As larger particals come to geather(grow) wortex windsin the ether whieh
make one think unlikes attract and likes repell. For example energy comes
from the north pole and south pole of a proton and go to the equator wher
this energy is sucked in but in the electron it moves from the equator to
the poles this is a vortex theory. In this case the winds from the equat
of the electron will be pulled toward the vacuume of the postive equator
in the protron.
The direction of the spin of a partical will also determine weather
the particals will repell or atract such as two electrons pairing up.
The heat and the cold of a sun and its planet will form sucking in
and expanding out of ether winds which could add to part of the gravity
force. The contracting ether of our ionisphers will pull highly charged
negative clouds(high in orgone energy) up toward the ionisphere. While
poluted postive ion clouds then will be pulled towards the earth. Because
of there low orgone charge (like charge) the clouds start to fall apart
because thy have lost there attractive force, and levation force.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2521, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page 3
Now a functional thinker will try to unite these ideas so we can
understandthe new iedas.
The mechanistic thinker will make machines from them, the mystic will
try to under stand God better with these ideas. This is assuming that the
functional, mechanistic, and the mustic thinker has all the blockages
removed so he can function in his field best. We should not try to change
these people for there area of thinking is just as important.
Another example If the atom is like a bubble and the universe is like
a large bubble with black and white holes and u sing the latest theory
that there is an another univers inside of ours spining the other way.
The machine mind will disect the univers and the atom. the mystic will
add more than is real to any one by mind. The function thinker may say
maybe there are 7 universes just as a atom has seven shells and since energ
goes in the black hole and out the white hole (our centeral sun of the
galexy) Then maybe The electrons in our atoms are white holes and the area
that electrons can not be or the dark line in the spectrum of light are
the black holes. The above would also include some awarness and knowing
thought.
Christ awarness , would say I see that the following is so, but still
needs to be made physical so a funtionally aware person can make use of it
in his physical world. A Christ awareness knows all things are allready
in existance, and that there can be nothing less than God or zer o and
nothing more than God or infinity And than since there canbe nothing
more or less than God or infinity than even God could not creat any thing
there fore
every thing always has been and always willbe.
In a infinite universe of universes even if you beleived yourself
into nonexistance some day after a long time the law of probability
will put you together again or another more advanced being would recreate
you. Since any distance from a point on a infinate line is a infinate
distance from the begining. Then this has already happened a infinate
number of times which will inise see? qualify the following statements
ITself
beleiving in them or not.
When hot gas mass the weight of the earth excapes from the sun the
shell cools the high speed of the spin of the planet along with the
contraction of this shell will make a hole in the poles and throw this
mass out the top and bottom pole new cooling will take place inside forming
a new shell. A planet can have up to 7 hollow spheres inside to being
a solid mass. just as a star can die into 7 layers.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1579, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page 4
Since the outer surface is the coldest it can form a crystai
therefor our planet is a geodesic crystal and has 12 crossing major sector
In other universes of other dementions you can have flat plants and
square
you can see the atom is also a universe. planets
Since our universe as it is now has 7 universes ours is the outer
universe and the white holes are energy comming from the center or up
hill energy the winding up of the clock ( like orgone energy).
The black holes are the down hill energy ( DOR going back to be recharged
and sent out as white holes. On the way through the different levels
change the energy 7 times so a atom ( ATUM) has 7 shells, a crystal
7 basic shapes , Music 7 notes, etc. When the eight universe is completed
you will have 8 instead of 7. Any number of shells can be added but in
this universe only 7 will be stable. But with the power of the mind and
aproval of the creator ( changer) ang number of shells can be made stable
knowing the new laws.
MEDITATION IS NOT WRONG only how you use it is important. Even hypnosi
is ok if it is use to give you back your free will which has been taken
away by TV, radio, paper (advertisments), movies, etc. Even Reich Page 95
ETHER GOD ADD DEVEL, COSMIC SUPERIMPOSITION, said I myself have worked
out a whole series of functional equations during twilight sleep. Today
we wauld say Reich was in alpa or theta wave, a meditative state. but
in meditation one tries to control this state. Not all sleeping persons
can stay aware while sleeping often enough to be of value.
Herma:
With, light
and live
