{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:26:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 363420, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125265-cejka-patent-3670494.pdf", "source_sha256": "c1a078ed2730e1ad86a40de746f91fd4e162b88e43b50d0126526e8c48575598"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 636, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent
Papp
154] METHOD AND MEANS OF
CONVERTING ATOMIC ENERGY INTO
UTILIZABLE KINETIC ENERGY
[72] Inventor: Josef Papp, San Pedro, Calif
[73] Assignee: Environetics, Inc., Gardena, Calif.
122] Filed:
Oct. 31,1968
[21] Appl. No.: 772,077
152] U.S.C...
[51] Int. Cl..
[58] Field of Search
.60/23, 60/1, 60/27,
123/1, 176/39
F01k 27/00, F03g 7/06
... 10/23, 25, 27,1
156]
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
2,532,096 11/1950 Hartley...
..60/25
2,548,708 4/1951 Dickey....
1,916,235
7/1933 Ruben.
[15]
3,670,494
1451 June 20, 1972
...60/25
...60/1
18 Claims, 4 Drawing Figures
24
23.
141
14
6
15.
34
- 15'
•33
31-
12.
11.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 254, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTED sux 20 1972 3,670,494.
| SHEET 1OF 3 a

kaa.14 Ll

f

Wy

Ly
*.:
S3 ‘. p+ fou. Spay
4 oti O ie
4y rf, 7 on
* _ at
: t
5
]

. Ld
IN i
*
*
6
rs
A
: ="

Lf
Y

SS

Led

LE

INVENTOR .
doser IP2ep

i bea

i
WH He J At 7 £. .
2 <T
wd. 12 AIT TORNEVS.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 38, "chars": 258, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
3,670,494

SHEET 2 OF 3

PATENTED wun 20 1072

~~

\

Een Te)

Ws

Dn Os a RMA
AMPK LEIS S599 Ce; WN
(WUM UU eax StS

LNVENT OR.

tose IP2e2
NTTORNEYS.

Glan , Vina ¢ Sri

a
| 7

by
Trike,

SS

afifnin tree NZ

Y

i
|!

A

ul

HRA AWN

Sy YW BW N .
a N

\ .

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTEDJun20 ez 3,670,494
SHEET 3 GF 3

7 <ySCS |
SY oe’

IE. ~“
Bl

ANVENTOR.
Ddoser Iaep

pital Ploany, Fave ¢ Sniihe

Nr TORNEVS.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1274, "chars": 8251, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
METHOD AND MEANS OF CONVERTING ATOMIC
The invention may be utilized in many fields of endeavor for
ENERGY INTO UTILIZABLE KINETIC ENERGY
many industrial, scientific and military purposes, both ter-
This invention is directed to a source of energy such as an
restial, in space and under water. For purposes of illustration
engine wherein the energy is derived from rearrangements
and to facilitate understanding, an exemplary reciprocating
within an atom or atoms. Since such rearrangements are 5 engine will be described by reference to the following
reversible, the utilization of suitably charged elements or
atoms which are capable of rearrangement permits the con-
FIG. 1 is a top or plan view of a single cylinder (of an in-line
version of potential energy into kinetic energy over very long
assembly) of an engine embodying aspects of this invention;
prolonged periods of time with a single charge of atoms or ele-
FIG. 2 is a transverse section taken along the plane II—II in
ments of suitable composition. The invention is postulated 10 FIG. 1, some parts being in partial elevation;
upon the premise that when a substance is exposed to condi-
FIG. 3 is a section taken along the plane III—III of FIG. 1;
tions under which the absorption of energy is possible (as by
FIG. 4 is a diagrammatic representation illustrating one
the use of suitable electric charge or discharge), the electrons
form of an electric supply and timing control system.
which are in their lowest energy or ground state take up ener-
FIGS. 1 and 2 illustrate a motor block 1 provided with or
gy and pass into the states of higher energy or excited state.
The return of electrons to the lower state liberates energy. By
mounted upon a crankcase housing 2; the crankshaft, trans-
mission and other conventional elements are not illustrated.
the use of atoms of suitable electronic configuration and by
The block 1 is provided with a plurality of parallel bores such
the periodic subjection of such atoms to an electric charge or
as 3, each being adapted to receive a cylinder providing a vari-
discharge, the electrons may be caused to rapidly move from 20 able volume chamber 5. Each cylinder 4 comprises a stationa-
one arrangement into another thereby permitting the utiliza-
ry upper, hollow head portion 6 firmly attached by its enlarged
tion of the energy liberated by the movement of the electrons
head end to the upper surface of the block 1, and a movable
from one orbit or energy level to another.
portion 7 in telescopic relation to the skirt 6' of the head por-
Under the conditions here described, the quantum yield is
tion 6. The lower end of the movable portion 7 is closed and is
maintained high and by maintaining the radiation above the 25 shown provided with an inwardly extending domed surface 7';
level at which the molecules stay intact, the electronic energy
this movable portion of the hollow cylinder which forms the
is utilized as heat. This is attained, in part at least, by the use of
enclosed chamber 5 is shown attached to a lower extension 8
substances capable of emitting gamma and beta rays and elec-
which carries the wristpin 9 to which the piston rod 9' is con-
trons, and the generation of visible light and fluorescense
nected. It is to be understood that the parts 7 and 8 may be
whereby large numbers of photons are made available. These 30 made integral although a removable threaded connection
substances and conditions, together with cyclic changes in
facilitates assembly. In FIG. 2, the chamber is shown in its sub-
magnetic field, polarity and potential supplied to activating
stantially expanded position; in actual practice, the chamber is
cells to stimulate radiation, and cyclic generation and conden-
precharged with a mixture of gases and an aqueous com-
sation of vapors in a trapped volume of noble and other gases
ponent and such gases are caused to forcibly expand and con-
capable of existing in higher energy states, produce expansion 35 tract in a repetitive and controlled manner as hereafter
and contraction or condensation of such trapped gases in a
controlled cyclic manner, the energy thus produced being
capable of use in generating power which can be converted
into rotative or linear forces.
The chamber 5 should be substantially gas-tight; in order to
facilitate the attainment of a gas-tight seal, the lower portion 7
is shown provided with a steel liner 11 preferably having a
40 highly polished or burnished, reflecting internal surface. The
ing opinions and explanations of the same observed results,
applicant will state facts and observations and describe an
operative and tested embodiment without excessive discussion
of theory, applicant being willing to adopt that explanation of
some aspects of operation which will stand the test of time.
Data contained in this application was largely derived from a
document prepared by applicant in the Hungarian language
and translated to English by a person who was not knowledge-
able in science or the subject matter.
Among the objects of this invention, I list:
exterior of the lower end of skirt 6' of the stationary portion 6
is shown provided with a series of grooves carrying O-rings of
suitable material adapted to produce a hermetic seal as at 12.
The exterior of lower portion 7 is provided with a plurality of
45 oil grooves 12' for distribution of lubricating oil.
In the form of construction illustrated, the head end of
cylinder portion 6 is shown connected to the upper end of the
movable portion 7 by means of a gas retaining bellows 14
which may be made of any non-oxidizing, flexible and resilient
sheet metal, the upper and lower ends of such bellows being
suitably attached to the head and to the upper end of movable
able volume provided with a precharged energy supply having
cylinder portion 7 as by means of threaded internal rings in-
a long life, and composed essentially of noble gases and sub-
dicated at 14' and 14"'. A split expansion ring 7' carried by the
stances capable of emitting beta and gamma rays and elec-
55 upper edge of movable portion 7 may be used to prevent
trons, said chamber being capable of forcibly expanding and
separation of the chamber portions during installation. The
contracting in volume under the influence of electrical timing
skirt wall 6' of the upper portion is preferably provided with a
to thereby be used as a source of controlled energy and power.
plurality of check valves such as 15 at different distances from
the head for preventing internal pressure in chamber 5 (or
not use fuel intake valves or exhaust valves, does not require 60 within the bellows) from rupturing the bellows.
an air supply and does not emit exhaust gases.
The head of the stationary portion 6 is shown provided with
internally threaded ports adapted to receive and hold in gas-
item 2 capable of generating power for a period of from 2,000
tight relation the upper terminal portions of an anode 20, a
to over 10,000 hours continuously or until mechanical break-
cathode 21, terminals 23 and 23' of an electrode generally in-
down) without the addition of fuel, injection of air or 65 dicated at 22, and a centrally located gas inlet fitting indicated
discharge of gases.
at 24. Since the polarity and potential of current supplied to
20 and 21 is cyclically varied to control the expansion and
potential energy into kinetic energy
contraction of the trapped charge within chamber 5, the
5. To provide a system or method of generating power by
devices 20 and 21 will be generally referred to as activating
the use of mixtures of gases and substances (referred to in 70 cells, the current supplied thereto affecting the direction and
item 1) wherein the reactions are cyclic and under control.
velocity of electrons and rays emanating from the cells.
6. To disclose and provide the constructions, elements and
It has been found that under the conditions hereinafter dis-
components, molecular and atomic fuel compositions and closed, many of the noble gases and elements found in the
method of preparation and operation which exemplify the
periodic table, and particularly their isotopes from periods 2,
teachings of this invention.
75 3, 4 and 5 of the periodic table, are capable of being utilized as

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1299, "chars": 8412, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
the trapped charge in chamber 5 for operation of the present
cylinder are then cycled, agitated or otherwise mixed to cause
invention. The noble gases are preferred. They do not contain
some of the chlorine to become absorbed by the water.
or produce acid containing materials; although they can be
A mixture of 60-70 percent xenon with say, 30-40 percent
caused to create heat, they will not burn; they are sensitive to
chlorine, is then injected into the cylinder until an additional
and respond to radiations, whereupon they radiate them-
40 percent of the original volume of decomposed water is ex-
selves. They are capable of picking up mutated electrons and
pelled by this second gas injection. The contents should again
their electron distances permit electron connections. The
be cycled or thoroughly agitated.
noble gases found to be most effective are those of neon, ar-
With the chamber now containing approximately 50 per-
gon, krypton and xenon and their isotopes. Some of the
cent decomposed water by volume, a mixture composed of
isotopes are capable of internal electron
conversion very
10 about 65 percent argon, 25 percent xenon and 10 percent
readily and xenon may be cited as a typical example. Xe'' is an
neon is injected with the cylinder or chamber in a collapsed
isotope which is particularly effective in that it is readily capa-
position until a sufficient amount of water is displaced so as to
ble of internal conversion.
Similarly, other gases such as
leave within the cylinder between about 10 percent and 25
chlorine are unstable in that chlorine contains 8 electrons in
percent of water. Thereafter, the cylinder is expanded to max-
the 2nd level and only 7 (instead of 18) in the 3rd level.
imum volume position and the last named gas mixture is in-
Phosphorous and rubidium and its isotopes are examples of
jected so as to create a pressure within the chamber of
elements adapted for use in activating cells 20 and 21;
between about 1.0 and 3.0 atmospheres. The injection fitting
phosphorous contains 8 in the 2nd group and only 5 in the 3rd
24 is now securely closed and the gases therein are ionized by
charging with 110 to 440 volt current for a period of about 6
level; rubidium contains 18 in the 3rd level but only 8 in the 20 hours: a loneer time is required when the volumes are larger
4th level and i in the Sth. Mesothorium 1 or radium D can be
used in the activating cells to good advantage, although they
and lower potentials are used on the charging current. Ioniza-
have a shorter half-life than rubidium. Elements useful in the
tion of the charge is conveniently accomplished by supplying
activating cells are preferably those capable of emitting elec-
the current through the terminals 20 and 23 of an actuating
trons, alpha rays, beta rays, gamma rays and X-rays, negative 25
cell and adjacent electrode.
beta rays being particularly useful since they are directed to
At this point, it may be noted that the terminal posts 23 and
exert their force (as hereafter described) in the direction of
23' extend as electrodes 30 and 30' into the chamber and ter-
the movement of the end wall of the expanding chamber.
minate in a pair of opposed platinum spark gap points 31 and
Differently considered, it may be stated that the present in-
31' adapted to produce a glow field under stated conditions of
vention utilizes those elements and isotopes which can be 30
operation. The gap between the electrodes may be from one-
readily caused to emit alpha rays, beta rays, gamma radiations
sixteenth inch to one-fourth inch depending upon the con-
and electrons. In general it may be stated that substances
struction and size of the chamber. The two copper electrodes
which decay by the emission of negative beta particles and
30 and 30' carry between them a collector plate 32 which may
which are also subject to rearrangement within the atom or
be made of a copper alloy including magnesium, manganese
decay by orbital electron capture, are effective sources of
and aluminum alloy containing some zinc sulfide or preferably
energy in the fuel and system of the present invention.
from an alloy containing appreciable quantities of antimony
As shown in FIG. 3, the collector plate 32 is
Similarly, atoms which exhibit alpha particle emission
suspended from the electrodes by means of relatively thin in-
involves strong
nucleons), are capable of being utilized. Although alpha decay
sulators 33 capable of breaking down in the event the voltage
is normally slow and have half-lives which are longer due to
40 across the collector 32 and its terminals 30, 30' exceeds about
electrostatic barriers that make it difficult for alpha particles
to escape, the present invention utilizes periodic discharges of
Above the collector plate 32, there is mounted a glow coil
electrical energy which speed up the escape of alpha particles
34 (preferably made of wolfram) which may be protected by a
and permit the reactions to be utilized effectively in the
perforated shroud 35. One end of the coil is connected to elec-
45 trode 30' and contact with electrode 30 is by way of a ther-
method of the present invention.
mosensitive, bimetallic element 34' which disconnects the
of illustration
(and without limitation
glow coil after the initial heating of the environmental gases
thereto), the following examples of charges, activating cells or
has been accomplished.
ampules and operating conditions are
The collector plate 32 lies in a plane between the two ac-
anode and cathode cells may be made of stainless steel, alu-
50 tivating cells 20 and 21 as shown in FIG. 2. The preferred
minum alloys such as duraluminum, aluminum alloys contain-
distance between the two activating cells may vary from one-
ing zinc, antimony and cesium. Effective cells were made from
fourth inch to three-fourths inch. It is important however that
an aluminum alloy containing antimony and cesium, said cells
the spark gap 31 of the electrode assembly extend slightly
containing two grams of red phosphorous 99.5 percent pure in
below the bottom of the two activating cells so that when the
argon periodically approaching 15-20 atmospheres pressure. 55 cylinder or chamber is in its collapsed or minimum volume
Anodes were stainless steel vessels each containing one gram
position, the spark gap extends into the aqueous medium or
of rubidium, the vessels being filled with 20-30 percent
de-oxygenated water in the bottom of the chamber. Similarly,
refined mineral oil and 70-80 percent argon periodically ap-
it is desirable that the extreme lower ends of the activating
about 20 atmospheres pressure.
cells contact or are in very close proximity to the water in the
volume chambers may contain a precharge composed of 60 bottom of the chamber when the chamber is in its collapsed
between about 10 percent and 25 percent of de-oxygenated
water by volume, the remaining volume in the chamber being
May virtually instantaneous radiations, reactions, changes
composed of between about 35 percent and 50 percent of ar-
in energy levels, changes in directions of radiations due to
gon, 8 percent and 18 percent of neon, from about 15 percent
electron charges absorbed by the collector plate and elec-
to 25 percent of xenon and from about 15 percent to 25 per- 65 tromagnetic field effects, luminescence and fluorescence,
cent of chlorine.
A method of precharging each of the variable volume power
generating chambers may be carried out in a simple and effec-
resultants caused by reason of release of chlorine from the
water, exothermic resultants caused by discharges between
tive manner, as follows: the variable volume chamber com-
the points of the gap, etc., take place in the chamber. These
prising the portions 6 and 7, together with the activating cells 70 reversible reactions are controlled by the selection of the
20 and 21 in position, may be first filled with de-oxygenated
atomic constituents of the charge and activating cells and a
water through the fitting 24 while the chamber is in its fully ex-
unique cyclic supply of electrical energy. One form of such
panded position. A mixture of say, 60 percent neon and 40
control system, adapted for use with any multiple of two varia-
percent chlorine is now injected into the cylindric cavity until
ble volume chambers herein before described, is shown in
about 10 percent of the water is expelled. The contents of the 75 FIG. 4.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1353, "chars": 8815, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
Two variable volume chambers of an engine are illustrated
at A and B; A is shown at the beginning of an upstroke and B is
shown at the beginning of a downstroke toward expansion.
the opposite actuating cell 21 will be supplied with un-
grounded alternating current. In chamber B (now contracting
cell 20 will be supplied with positive DC and cell 21 with nega-
Activating cells are indicated diagrammatically at 20 and 21
and the electrodes are indicated at 23 and 23' with the collec-
The two cells in a given chamber are therefore sequentially
tor plate 32 therebetween. During operation of the system, it
supplied with electrical current differing in potential and
is desirable to supply alternating current as well as direct cur-
polarity, only one cell of a pair being supplied with positive
rent and for this reason the diagram illustrates an AC genera-
current at a given instant. Supply of electrical current (from
tor at 38 and a DC generator at 39. The two generators would
an external source) to the two electrodes in a given chamber
normally be initiated and the entire motor started by means of 10 conforms to the same rule. Such sequential supply controls ex-
a starting motor and a storage battery. Such conventional
pansion and contraction of the gaseous environment in the
starting system is illustrated in the lower right hand corner.
A distributor 40 is diagrammatically illustrated, such dis-
The alternating current supply may vary from between
tributor having an external distribution ring split into two sec-
about 28 to 500 volts depending upon the volume of each of
tions 41 and 42, each covering slightly less than 180°. Two
15 the chambers; a direct current supply at from approximately
diammetrically opposed contact brushes or spring urged con-
24 to 100 volts is adequate. The presence of capacitors 45 and
tact points rotate within the distributor, one of the arms 43
55 in lines 44 and 54 is required and will allow the passage of
being shown beginning its contact with split ring section 41,
direct current since these currents are in effect of a pulsating
whereas the other arm 52 is shown beginning a downstroke in
contact with ring 42. It will be noticed that arm 44 is con-
Attention is called to the fact that the glow coil 34 is located
stantly supplied with alternating current from the generator 38
near the top extremities of the collector plate between the
whereas arm 43 is grounded and connected to the negative
electrodes. The function of the glow coil is to initially preheat
side of DC generator 39. Distributor segment 41 is associated
the gas mixture of the chamber and the water therein during
with expansion chamber A whereas segment 42 of the dis-
25 start-up. Although it is connected to the electrodes, from the
tributor is associated with the variable volume chamber B.
bottom of the stroke to the top of the stroke during each cycle,
Rotation of the contact arms in the distributor is in timed rela-
it cannot glow during operation because of the bi-metallic
tion with the cycles of expansion and contraction of the varia-
relay or switch 34' referred to hereinabove; therefore the coil
ble volume chambers; since the power sources are of two
will merely short the electrodes without benefit of glow in sub-
cycle character, one complete rotation of the distributor con- 30 sequent phases and will complete the circuit between the con-
tact arms corresponds to a full cycle of a chamber.
denser electrodes, permitting the collector plate 32 between
In the position shown in FIG. 4, it will be noticed that the
the electrodes to receive its charge.
contact arm 43 is now supplying negative (ground) to segment
During the up or contraction stroke, the electrodes
41 which is connected by line 44 through a condenser 45 to
operating with D.C. and the collector plate 32 is building up
the cell 21 and one of the electrodes 23' of chamber A which
35 its charge potential. The charging of the collector ceases at the
is at the beginning stage of the upstroke. Simultaneously how-
beginning of the expansion stroke. During the downstroke, the
ever, contact arm 52 is being supplied from the positive output
electrodes receive A.C. and, due to this change in the type of
of the generator 38 with alternating current through segment
electrical impulse and variation in voltage, the collector plate
42 which is now transmitted by line 54 through a condenser 55
will short out with high voltage both through the insulators
to the corresponding cell 21 and electrode 23' of variable 40 and between the electrodes. 'This discharge is given impetus by
chamber B which is at the beginning of its down or expansion
the moist steam which results during the cooling phase of the
stroke. Simultaneously, branch line 54' (also connected to dis-
super heated dry steam from the initiation to the completion
tributor ring 42 and fed with alternating current), passes
of the up or contraction stroke. When the chamber is in its
through a voltage regulator and actuates an electromagnetic
contracted phase, the charge on the condenser is negative and
coil 56 of a double pole, single throw, relay switch indicated at 45 the condenser has excess electrons at the moment of electric
57, whereby switch bar portion 58 assumes the full line posi-
discharge. The negative charge condenser attracts or absorbs
tion, switch bar 58 being connected at its inner end by line 59
positive molecules. These positive charges are moving toward
to the negative side of the AC generator and by making con-
tact at terminal 60, connects such negative side by line 61 to
the collector plate and the negative charges will be repelled
the opposite electrode 23 and cell 20 of expansion chamber B.
while the positive atoms, which are deficient in electrons, will
Simultaneously, while the double pole, single throw relay
reach the collector plate and pick up the needed electrons
switch is in full line position, line 68 is supplying positive
from the plate. Moreover, the collector plate, because of its
direct current to the inner end of arm 58' of the switch which
charge, creates an electric barrier; the charge on the collector
is in contact with terminal 72, the opposite end of this conduc-
plate is negative and has excess electrons at the moment of
tor being connected as at 70 to line 71 which conveys this 55 electrical discharge in the gap between terminals 31 of the
direct positive current to actuating cell 20 and terminal 23
electrodes and while the chamber is in its contracted phase.
within variable volume chamber A.
This negative charge on the collector attracts or absorbs posi-
At this point it is to be noted that during the expansion
tive molecules which are moving toward the collector, while
stroke in chamber B, actuating cell 21 is supplied with positive
the negative molecules are repelled. The positive atoms which
alternating current while the opposing activating cell 20 is 60
are deficient in electrons will reach the collector plate and will
connected to ground or negative terminal. Similarly, the two
pick up the needed electrons from the plate. During the ex-
electrodes 23 and 23' in variable chamber B are supplied with
pansion of the chamber, the positive and negative ions which
negative and positive alternating current. However, during the
are created by the gamma ray of the cathode will increase in
upstroke or contraction of chamber A, which occurs concur-
mass instantaneously by the assimilation of the electron sup-
rently, the system provides positive direct current to actuating 65 plied by the generator, whereby the gross pressure resultant
cell 20 and terminal 23 of the electrode whereas negative
within the chamber is increased directly and proportionately.
direct current is supplied to the opposing activating cell 21
The collision of gas atoms and electrons and molecules results
and the opposite terminal of the electrode 23'.
in a high heat coefficient with resultant gas expansion. The
When DC arm 43 completes its sweep of segment 41 and
amount of heat depends on the charge of the anode and
contacts segment 42, chamber B starts its upward or contrac- 70 cathode and the charge of the collector plate. The rays from
tion stroke. Simultaneously arm 52 starts its sweep of segment
the cathode (phosphorous may be the element) generally
41 and chamber A starts its expansion stroke. During these
travel in a straight vector but can be deflected by an electro-
strokes, the switch 57 is in dotted line position (coil 56' ener-
magnetic field. Within the chamber, these cathode ray parti-
gized through line 44'). In chamber A actuating cell 20 will be
cles will be directed downward toward the bottom of the
supplied with negative alternating current or ground, whereas
75 cylinder during the expansion stroke from the time that the

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1398, "chars": 8679, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
collector plate discharges its
static potential previously
reassociation of gas atoms to reduce the electric ionic charges
acquired and from the discharge between the points of the
available to support an electric current and if we sustain suffi-
electrodes which are positioned close to the bottom of the
cient atomic velocity of the gases, we tend to increase the
cylinder and complete the
electric current potential. By further increasing the power
presence of ionized gases and water vapor, the electromag-
source of motion, the charged molecules will speed up so fast
netic field which is created this way between the electrodes
that collisions with neutral molecules will explode them to
will be the force phenomenon which will attract the otherwise
nascent particles which are capable of taking charges and the
directional migrations of the cathode ray particles toward the
forces acting upon them will begin to move the charged parti-
bottom of the chamber. Simultaneously the collector plates
cles in positive and negative directions and into further colli-
create an electric barrier above such discharge and field,
, 10. sions where they create new charge carrying particles. X-rays
facilitating the downward deflection of the rays in the
created by the cathode knock out or dislodge atoms from the
direction of movement of the bottom wall of the chamber:
xenon in the chamber and atoms that have lost one or more of
In general there are two forces working in the cylinder, one
their electrons will suffer an electron deficiency. By reason of
force is the resultant of the anode, cathode and collector plate
this, the atom which has lost its electron will have a positive
short-circuiting and changing the moist steam to a super
electric charge and the free electrons will be picked up by the
heated dry steam. The second force is a resultant due to the
argon, neon and krypton isotopes. The gas which accepts the
high temperature/pressure coefficient of the gasses and the
free electrons will have a negative charge. The xenon will
directional electrons emanating
from the rubidium and
replace its lost electrons from electrons assimilated from the
phosphorous for example, whose velocity is increased by the 20
collector plate surplus. The charge on the collector is negative
electrical impulses to which they are subjected. These free
electrons are absorbed by the gases which are capable of as-
The element in one of the cells should be capable of
similating these electrons due to their special nature. The col-
emanating alpha ray particles so as to produce a fluorescense
lector plate located between the two cells also attracts some
or luminescence which encourages beta and gamma propaga-
free electrons and adds them to its charge. When rubidium is 25 tion. Phosphorous, mesothorium or radium can be so em-
in one of the cells, it radiates gamma rays which have no nega-
ployed, the latter elements permitting the utilization of addi-
tive or positive charge and will not be absorbed by the gases
tional charges. The alpha ray particles collide with the zinc
nor the electric components of the cylinder but will cause
sulfide crystals on the collection plate. Moreover, the
structural changes in the molecules of the argon which has
aforesaid elements also create ultraviolet rays which also force
been subjected to the radiation from the other cell containing 30 electrons to emanate from the zinc, aluminum or other metals
phosphorous, and which has been subjected to the supplied
employed for the housings of the cells. The photons thus ob-
A.C. and D.C. The working capacity and the life expectancy
tained by the luminescence are of value in that their removal
of the environment is dependent upon the percentage of the
various gases in the mixture, the percentage of water and the
from the metal walls assists in cooling.
During the upstroke or contraction, A.C. is withdrawn and
quantity and character of the elements in the two activating 35 D.C. is supplied to the cells and electrodes from the distribu-
cells. The causes of the energy produced in this environment
are eclectic and are a function of the molecular structures and
The "Neutral Electrons" which were forced to explode,
atomic substructures connected with and altered by the elec-
loose their charges and will again become "Neutral Electrons"
trons migrating and the molecules of hydrogen and oxygen
since the collector will retrieve their charges. (The theory of
which are sequentially bound and released due to the interplay
40. Neutral Electrons evolving suggests that electrons with a given
of the elements and electrical forces interacting upon the
mass when carrying a charge of electricity are in negative
phase but may be stripped of their charge and revert to a posi-
During operation, a certain amount of fluorescence and lu-
tive condition devoid of the electrical charge normally at-
minosity is highly desirable within the chambers and in order
tributed to them.) The xenon is in need of charges and will
to stimulate such fluorescence and the emanations from the
45 reassimilate its lost electrons from the argon and neon. The
activating cells, these cells are sequentially supplied with cur-
huge electron surplus originally admitted via the cathode will
rent as previously stated. Electron emissions are therefore
migrate through the closed circuit of the flow coil shunt or
stimulated or induced and the electrons from one cell are at-
relay and will drain excess electrons to the generator which is
tracted toward the other cell, the flow of these electrons
extraneous to the internal electron system. A collector plate
resulting in electric current. The strength or potential of this
or electron sink between the electrodes and the distributor
current can be increased by the presence of the noble gases in
modulates the exodus of electron surpluses. The quantity of
the chamber as well as their quantity and the pressure within
electrons which are returned by the distributor at the top of
the chamber. The presence of these gases aids the flow of the
the stroke, combined with the low EMF current from the
current (EMF) because the flow of electrons from the cathode
55 generator results in a very powerful charge to the previously
will be accelerated sufficiently so that collision of the elec-
charged collector plate inside the cylinder, resulting in a high
trons with the gas molecules and atoms occurs, causing fission
magniture explosive discharge at the top of the stroke. The
of the neutral gas atoms and particles permitting them to carry
radiation of the phosphorus (or alternates) placed in the
a greater electrical charge (this may be called collision ioniza-
cathode will be reduced, almost stopped (with the exception
tion). The cathode also emits beta rays and gamma rays. The
60 of the gamma ray) because the current of electrons will now
have opposite direction (polarity) which will result in opposite
fluorescent light and this has a special function at the ex-
charge, owing to the change of polarity mentioned above. The
panded position of the chamber and aid by cooling the walls of
same will happen with the rubidium in the anode, and even its
the cylinders. Heat is removed from the cylinder walls because
radiating capacity will be intensified to a certain degree, with
elementary particles are retrieved from the walls, such parti- 65 the aid of the charge laden electron current. The charge laden
cles having previously emanated from the cathode rays.
electron stream entering the anode from the generator will
Within the confines of the chamber, the gas molecules col-
have a negative charge and will pick up the particles and elec-
lide with the walls and other gas molecules and change
trons which were eliminated by the gases and will circulate
direction; oppositely moving positive and negative molecules
them from the anode to the cathode. The same will happen
attract each other but the neutral molecules will not be able to 70 with the electrons and particles which will be released from
participate in this current. To increase the number of charged
the cylinder wall and which will result with the aid of water
particles which are responsible for the state which causes elec-
vapor in a diminution or loss of sensible heat. The cylinder
trical power, we increase the speed so as to reduce the number
wall will cool and it will cool the hot gases and the high pres-
of recombinations which tends to result in neutral equilibrium.
sure dry water steam. Small amounts of water vapor will even
If the molecular velocity is sufficient, it will tend to inhibit 75 condense on the cylinder wall. Total and complete condensa-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1195, "chars": 7954, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
tion of the water and cooling cannot occur because within a
being composed of a mixture of three or more gases whose
fraction of a second, the heating cycle will commence. The ru-
atoms do not have their outer quantum levels completely
bidium rays will be (alpha and gamma) intensified during the
satisfied with orbital electrons, the contents of said chamber
reversed polarity upstroke cycle. At the moment of the next
being at a pressure of between about 1.0 and 3.0 atmospheres
discharge between gap points of the electrode, 80 to 85 per- 5
cent of the water will become moist steam and 15 to 20 per-
2. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 1 wherein
cent will condense to liquid water. The resultant residue will at least some of said gases have the property of emitting an
settle on the cylinder wall and will be chemically harmless,
electron upon absorption of a photon.
because it consists of only the atrophied electrons of the elec-
3. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 1 wherein
10 the remaining volume is composed of a mixture of xenon,
A complete four cylinder engine made in accordance with
this invention wherein the movable wall portions of the four
4. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 1 wherein
variable volume chambers were connected to a crank shaft of
the remaining volume is composed of between about 35 per-
an engine so as to convert the linear reciprocation of such wall
cent and 50 percent of argon, 8 percent and 18 percent neon,
portions into rotary motion was constructed and successfully
about 15 percent to 25 percent xenon, and from about 15 per-
operated and demonstrated. Each of the cylinders had a gross
cent to 25 percent of chlorine.
volume of 8½ cubic inches and a net displacement of 5.5
5. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 1 wherein
cubic inches. The activating cells in each cylinder contained 1
the chamber contains a pair of hollow activating cells, said
gram of rubidium and 2 grams of phosphorus respectively, and 20
cells containing elements having the property of emitting elec-
where made in accordance with the specific example given
trons, and alpha, gamma and beta radiations, one of the cells
hereinbefore. The environment within each chamber had the
containing an element of higher molecular weight than the
composition given hereinbefore consisting of de-oxygenated
other, and both cells containing argon
water, xenon, neon, argon, and chlorine.
6. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 1, wherein
method hereinbefore disclosed was employed e prechatrical 25 the chamber contains a pair of hollow activating cells, said
energy sources utilized were direct current at 27 volts and al-
cells containing rubidium and phosphorous, respectively
ternating current at 42 volts.
7. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 5 including
Starting of the engine occurred after 4 to 6 revolutions of
means for periodically and sequentially supplying said cells
the engine by a conventional starting motor. The timing of the
with electrical current differing in potential and polarity, only
distributor during operation of the engine was advanced to in- 30
one cell of a pair being supplied with positive current at a
itiate changes in type of current supplied to the activating cells
a few degrees in advance of dead center. The engine ac-
8. A variable volume gas-tight chamber within a normally
stationary hollow cylinder element and a hollow element tele-
celerated rapidly (to about 1,500 rpm in less than one second)
and then at a somewhat slower rate to between 2,500 and
scopically related to the first element and movable with rela-
3,000 rpm (attained in less than two seconds from start). 35 tion to the first element,
a pair of hollow, sealed activating cells carried by the nor-
Although electron reactions involving temperatures on the
order of 2,000°- 3,000° occur at the peak in the expansion
mally stationary cylinder element and extending into the
chamber, said cells containing elements having the pro-
portion of the cycle, the walls of the engine showed a tempera-
perty of emitting electrons, and alpha, gamma and beta
ture of 75°-80° at the end of protracted runs. No cooling water
was employed; a circulating oil system injected some oil 40
through the wall of the block into the outer grooves of the
movable wall portion of each chamber cylinder. Momentary
pressures of between 700 and 800 pounds per square inch ap-
pear to have been developed in the chambers. The engine was 45
quiet during operation. A power output of about 70 hp was ap-
parently produced at 2,500 rpm.
Rectilinear motion of the movable wall portion of the varia-
ble volume chamber or chambers (which is obtained in ac-
said chamber containing an effective charge of between
about 10 percent and 25 percent of de-oxygenated water,
by volume, and the remaining volume being composed of
a mixture of three or more noble gases, characterized by
ability to withstand heat without burning and non-acid in
character, at least some of said gases having the property
of emitting an electron upon absorption of a photon;
the contents of said chamber, when in expanded but not
energized position, being at a pressure of between about
cordance with the mode of operation described hereinabove)
may be changed or translated into rotary motion, intermittent
and means for sequentially supplying said cells with electri-
motion or rectilinear motion of intermittent or practically
cal current differing in potential and polarity, only one
uniform velocity by the use of many different types of
cell of a pair being supplied with positive current at a
mechanisms which are within the skill of mechanical en-
gineers and designers. The shafts, arms, rods, linkages or other 559. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 8 including
force transfer means energized by the power source of the
a pair of spaced electrodes carried by the normally stationary
present invention may be used for the manipulation, adjust-
cylinder element and extending into the chamber between
ment, positioning, lifting, etc. of any desired device or ele-
said activating cells, said electrodes terminating in a spark gap
The regenerative two cycle character of the example
at a level adapted to contact the water content of said
given herein, its compactness, ability to provide high energy 60 chamber when said chamber is in collapsed, minimum volume
output at relatively low rpm (1,500-3,600), the simple con-
position, and an electron collector plate carried by and
struction (no valves or valve actuating mechanisms, cooling
between said electrodes, said pair of electrodes being supplied
systems, air supply or supercharges, no exhaust or muffler)
sequentially with current differing in potential and polarity in
and light weight, as well as the ability of the system to operate
a manner as stated for said cells.
for thousands of hours without refueling or recharging, pro- 65
10. A variable volume chamber as stated in claim 9 wherein
vides solutions to present and future problems involving the
the gases of said charge are composed of a mixture of xenon,
generation and utilization of power in isolated locations and
neon, argon, and chlorine and said cells contain rubidium and
11. A method of precharging a variable volume power
1. A variable volume gas-tight chamber within a normally 70 generating chamber within a normally stationary hollow
stationary hollow cylinder element and a hollow element tele-
cylinder element and a hollow element telescopically related
scopically related to the first element and movable with rela-
to the first element and movable with relation to the first ele-
tion to the first element, said chamber, when in expanded
ment, which comprises:
position, containing an effective charge of 10 to 25 percent of
displacing air from the interior of or the chamber with de-
de-oxygenated water, by volume, and the remaining volume 75
oxygenated water;

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3914, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,670,494
11
injecting a mixture of a noble gas and chlorine to displace
between about 8 percent and 15 percent of the volume of
water contained in said chamber and agitating the con-
tents of the chamber;
12
portion of the chamber to cause expansion and supplying
electric current to said cells alternately to cause expan-
sion and contraction of the contents of said chamber and
correlated reciprocating movement of the movable wall
injecting further mixtures of another noble gas and chlorine
to displace between about 30 percent and 45 percent of
14. In a method as stated in claim 13, the step of supplying
additional water from the chamber, and agitating the con-
electrical current to at least one of the electrodes, in timed
tents of the chamber;
relation of the movement of the movable wall portion, to
injecting a further mixture of noble gases into the chamber
İe is a fur hate in u or is sease it he dia only 1 produce anderina is are ever he de i.
between about 10 percent and 25 percent by volume of
wall portion and to produce a magnetic field between said
de-oxygenated
water in the chamber, the remaining
cells to deflect radiations emitted by the cells in the direction
volume being composed of a mixture of at least three of
of said expansion movement.
said gases at a pressure of between about 1.0 and 3.0 at-
15. In a method as stated in claim 13, the steps of supplying
mospheres when the chamber is in expanded position;
15 positive direct current to one of said activating cells and to
and ionizing the charge by subjecting it to the action of an
one of said electrodes while the chamber is contracting,
ionizing current for a period of several hours.
and then supplying positive alternating current to the other
cell and other electrode to cause the environment in the
12. A method as stated in claim 11 wherein the ionization is
chamber to expand and impart an expansive movement to
carried out by means of an alternating current at a voltage of 20
the movable wall portion,
between 110 and 440.
said direct current being supplied in pulses at a potential of
13. A method of generating power pulses in rapid succes-
between about 27 and 100 volts and said alternating cur-
sion within a sealed, variable volume chamber including a sta-
rent being supplied at a potential sufficient to produce an
tionary wall portion and a movable wall portion telescopically
electrical discharge between the electrodes at virtually
related thereto which comprises:
25
the beginning of expansion movement of the movable
positioning two sealed activating cells in said chamber, said
wall portion and cyclically repeating the aforesaid steps
cells being attached to the stationary wall portion and
to effectively utilize the potential energy forces of the cell
containing elements adapted to emit alpha, beta and
elements and environment into kinetic energy of the
gamma radiations;
movable wall portion.
positioning an electron collector plate supported in weakly 30
16. In a method as stated in claim 15, the step of facilitating
insulated relation by a pair of electrodes between said ac-
the emission of electrons from atoms in said environment by
tivating cells;
stimulating the production of fluorescence and luminescense
providing an environment in the chamber surrounding said
activating cells and electron collecting plate composed
17. A method as stated in claim 15 wherein elements from
essentially of a mixture of ionized noble gases and deox- 35 the group consisting of rubidium, mesothorium, radium and
ygenated water;
and mass producing reversible, rearrangements of electrons
18. A method as stated in claim 15 wherein the environment
in atoms of said environment into and out of higher ener-
in the chamber includes xenon, neon, argon, krypton and
gy states in pulses and rapid succession by actively stimu-
lating the emission of alpha rays toward the movable wall 40
45
50
55
60
65
70
75
