{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T05:01:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1096630, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125259-cejka-the-transmission-of-electric-energy-without-wires-tesla.pdf", "source_sha256": "a8cf8f6d2c97e192c48db8e35a2a4524e807b8e34c33cec2aae25fae07dffd30"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 179, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
THE TRANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC
ENERGY WITHOUT WIRES

ee a
a Le aT ihe 1

no hk

i ils ge

TESLA CENTRAL POWER PLANT AND TRANSMITTING TOWER
FOR WORLD TELEGRAPHY

LONG ISLAND, N. Y¥.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1157, "chars": 7533, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE TRANSMISSION OF ELECTRIC ENERGY WITHOUT WIRES.
(Commandard a rar Electes/ Mardd and Engineer. Marr 0, 1400)
BY NIKOLA TESLA.
is impossible to resist sour courteous request extended on an
occasion of such moment in the life of your journal. Your
letter has vivified the menory of our beginning friendship,
of the first imperfect attempts and ondeserved successes, of kind-
cases and misunderstandings. It ias brought painfully to my mind
the greatness of early expectations, the quick flight of time, and
alas! the smallness of realizations.
The following lines which, but
for your initiative, might not have been given to the world for a
Tong time yet, are an offering in the friendly spirit of old, and my
best wishes for your future success decompany them.
Towards the close of 18g5 a systematic research, carried on for a
number of years with the object of perfecting a method of trans-
missina of electrical energy through the natural medium, led me to
recognize three important necessities: First, to develop a transmitter
nt prent power: second, to perfect means for individualizing and
isolating the cuergy transmitted; and, third, to ascertain the laws
of perpigation of currents through the earth and the atmosphere.
Various reasons, not the least of which was the help proferred by
my friend Leward E. Curtis and the Colorado Springs Electric
Company, determined me to select for my experimental investigations
the large platean, two thousand mcters above sea level, in the vicinity
of that delightfel resort, which 1 reached late in May, 18gg. I had
not been there bur a few days when 1 congratulated myself on the
happy choice and 1 began the task, for which I had long trained
mysclf, with a grateful sense and full of inspiring hope. The perfect
purity of the air, die anequaled beauty of the sky, the imposing sight
of a high mountain range, the quiet and restfulness of the place -
all around contributed to make the conditions for scientific observa-
tien ideal. To this was added the exhilarating influence of a glori-
nus climate and i singular sharpening of the senses. In those re-
gions the organs undergo perceptible plysical changes The eyes
assume an extraordinary limpidity, improving vision: the ears dry
not and become more susceptihle to sound.
Objects can be clearly
distinguistied there at distances such that I prefer to have them told
ly somenne else, and I have heard-this I can venture to vouch for—
tie claps of thunder seven and eight hundred kilometers away.
might have done better still, had it not been tedions to wait
for
the sounds to arrive. in definite intervals, as heralded precisely be
an electrical indicating apparatus-—nearly an haur before
In the middle of June, while preparations for other work were
ping on, I arranged mue of my receiving transformers with the
riew of determining in a novel mamner, experimentally, the electric
petential of the globe and studying its periodic and casual factua-
lions, This formed part of a plan Parefully mopped out in deance
A highly sensitive. self-restorative device, controlling a recording
instrument. was included in the secondary circuit, while the primary
was connected to the cround and an elevated terminal of adjustable
capeity.
The variations of potential gare rise to clectric surgings in
the primary: these gencrated secondary enrrents, whiel im turn
affected the sensitive device and recorder in proportion to their
intensity. The carth was foend to be, literally, alive with electrical
vibrations, and soon I was deeply absorbed in this interesting in.
restigation.
No better opportunities for such observations as 1
intended to make could he found anywhere. Colorado is a country
famous for the natural displass of electric force In that des and
rarefied atmosphere the sum's rays beat the objecs with fierce in-
tensity 1 raised steam, to a dangerous pressure. in barrel- filled with
concentrated salt solution, and the tinfoil contings of some of my cle-
vated terminals shriveled up in the fiery biaze.
An experimental
high-tension transformer, carelessly exposed to the rays of the set-
ting son, had most of its insulging compound melted out and was
rendered useless. Aided by the dryness and rarefaction of the air.
the water evaporates as in a boiler, and static electricity is de-
veloped in abundance. Lightning discharges are, accordingly, very
freoment and sometimes of inconceivable violence. On one occa-
sion approsimately twelve thousand discharges occurred in two
hours, and all in a radius of certainly less than fifty kilometers from
the laborabory.
the trunks up or down, I never suw fire balls, but as a compen-
sation for my disappointment I succeeded Inter in determining the
mode of their formation and producing them artibcially:
In the latter part of the some month I moriced several times that
my instruments were affected stronger by discharges taking place at
great distances than by those near by,
This paraled me very much
What was the cause? A mumber of observations proved that it
could not be due to the differenees in the intensity of the individuat
discharges, and I readily ascertoined that the phenonicion was not
the result of a varying relation between the periods of my receiving
circuits and those of the terrestrial disturbances. One might, as
was walking home with an assistant, meditating over tiese experi
ences, I was suddenly staggered by a thought.
Years ago, when 1
wrote a chapter of my lecture before the Franklin Institate and the
National Electric Light Association, it had presented itself to me,
but I had dismissed it as sheurd and impossible
I bamsled it
again. Nevertheless, my instinct was aroused and somehow 1 felt
that I was nearing a great revelation.
It was on the third of Inly-the date I shall never forget-when !
obtained the first decisive esperimental evidence of a truth of over-
whelming importance for the advancement of bamanity.
miass of strongly charged clands gathered in the west and towards
the eveming a violent storm broke loose which, after spending mach
af its fury in the mountains was driven away with great velocity
over the plains. Heary and long persisting
ares formed almost
i regelar time intervals, 3ly olservations were now grently facili
tated and rendered more accurate by the experiences aircady gainer.
I was able to handle my instruments quickly and I was prepared
The receding apparatus being properly adjusted, its indicalins
heeome fainter and fainter with the increasing distance of the storm,
until they censed altogether. I was watching in eager expectation,
Surely cough, in a little while the indications again began, grew
stronger and stronger and, alter passing through a maximum, grad-
tally decrensed and ceased mice more.
Many times, in rogularly re-
curring
intervals, the same actions were repcated until the storm
which. as evident from simple computations, was moving with nearly
coustand speed, had retreated to a distance of shout three hundred
kiinmeters
Nor did these strange actions stop then, but continued 1o
manifest themselees with endiminished force.
Suhscquenrly, similar
observations were also made hy may assistant, Mr. Fritz Lowenstein,
and shortly afterward several admiralale
opportunities presenter
themselves which bronght out, still more forcibly, and unmistakabl,
the true nature of the wonderfel phenomenon.
No doubt whatever
remained was cheering stationary saves
As the source of disturbances moved away the receiving circuit
came successively mpon their modes and tops Impossible as i

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1419, "chars": 8908, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seeined, this planet, despite its vast extent, behaved like a conductor
of limited dimensions.
The tremendous significance of this fact in
the transmission of energy by my system had already become quite
clear to me. Not only was it practicable to send telegraphic mes-
sagea to any distance without wires, as I recognized long ago, but
also to impress upon the entire globe the faint modulations of the
human voice, far more still, to transmit power, in unlimited amounts.
to any terrestrial distance and almost without any loss.
With these stupendous possibilities in sight, with the experi-
mental evidence before me that their realization was henceforth
merely a question of expert knowledge, patience and skill, I attacked
vigoroesly the development of my magnifying transmitter, now,
however, not so much with the original intention of producing one
of great power, as with the object of learning how to construct the
This is, essentially, a circuit of very high self-induction
and small resistance which in its arrangement, mode of excitation
and action, may be said to be the diametrically opposite of a trans-
mitting circuit typical of telegraph; by Hertzian or electromagnetic
radiations. It is diffeult to form an adequate idea of the marvelous
power of this unique appliance, by the aid of which the globe will
he transformed.
The electromagnetic radiations being reduced to
an insignificant quantity, and proper conditions of resonance main-
tained, the circuit acts like an immense pendulum, storing indefinitely
the energy of the primary exciting impulses and impressing upon the
earth and its conducting atmosphere uniform harmonic oscillations
of intensities which. as actual tests have shown, may be pushed
so far as to surpass those attained in the natural displays of static
Simultaneonsly with these endeavors, the means of individualiza-
tion and isolation were gradually improved Great importance was
attached to this, for it was found that simple tuning was not sufi-
cient to meet the vigorous practical requirements. The fundamental
Rica of employing a number of distinctive elements, co-operatively
associated, for the purpose of isolating energy transmitted, 1 trace
directly to my perusal of Spencer's clear and suggestive exposition
af the human nerve mechanism.
The influence of this principle on
the transmission of intelligence, and electrical energy in general.
cannot as yet be estimated, for the art is still in the embryonic stage;
but many thousands of simultaneous telegraphic and telephonie mes-
sages, through one single condocting channel, natural or artificial,
and withen serions mutual interference, are certainly practicable,
while millinos are possible. On the other hand, any desired degree
of individualization may be secured by the use of a great number
of co-operative elements and arbitrary variation of their distinctive
features and order of succession. For obvious reasons, the principle
will also be valuable in the extension of the distance of transmission.
Progress though of necessity slow was steady and sure, for the
abjects aimed at were in a direction of my constant study and exer-
eise. It is, therefore, not astonishing that before the end of 18gg
I completed the task undertaken and reached the results which I have
announced in my article in the Century Afogese of June, 1000,
Much has already been done towards making my system com-
mercially arailable, in the transmission of energy in small amoumts
for specilic purposes, as well as on an industrial scale. The re-
sults attained by me have made my scheme of intelligence transmis-
sion. for which the name of "Word Telegraphy" has been suggested,
casily realizable. It constitutes, 1 believe, in its principle of operation,
icans empleyed and capacities of application a radical and fruitiel
delurture from what has been done heretofore. I have no doubr
that it will proce very efficient in enliglitening the masses, partic.
"larly in still macirilized countries and less accessible regions, and
that it will add materially to general safety, comfort and con-
venience, and mamtenance of peaceful relations.
It involves the
employment of a number of plants, all of which are capable of
transmitting
individualized signals to the uttermost confines of the
carth.
Ench of them will be preferably located near some important
center of civilazation and the nevs it receives through any channel
will he flashed to all points of the globe. A cheap and simple de-
vice. which might be carried in one's pocket may then be set up
somewhere on sea or land, and it will record the world's news
or such special messages as may be intended for it. Thus the entire
earth will be converted into a huge brain, as it were, capable of
response ill every one of its parts.
Since a single plant of but one
hundred horse-power can operate hundreds of millions of instru-
ments, the system will have a virtually infinite working capacity.
and it must needs immensely facilitate and cheapen the transmission
of intelligence
The first of these central plants would have been already com-
pleted had it not been for unforseen delays which, fortunately, have
nothing to do with its purely tecnical features. But this loss of
time, while vexations, may, after all, prove to be a blessing in dis-
guise. The best design of which 1 knew has been adopted, and the
transmitter will emit a wave complex of a total maximum activity
of ten million horse-power, one per cent. of which is amply suf-
ficient to "girdle the globe." This enormous rate of energy delivers,
approximately twice that of the combined falls of Niagara, is obtain-
able only by the use of certain artifices, which I shall make known
in doe course
For a large part of the work which I have done so far I am in-
debied to the noble gencrosity of Mr. J. Pierpent Morgan, which
was all the more welcome and stimulating, as it was extended at a
time when those, who have since promised most, were the greatest
of doubters.
i have also to thank my friend, Stanford White, for
moch unselfish and valuable assistance This work is now far ad-
vanced, and though the results may be tardy, they are sure to come.
Meanwhile, the transmission of energy on an industrial scale la
not being neglected. The Canadion Niagara Power Company have
offered me a splendid inducement, and next to achieving success for
the sake of the art, it will give me the greatest satisfaction to make
their concession financially profitable to them. In this first power
plant, which I have been designing since a long time, I propose to
distribute ten thousand horse-power under a tension of one hundred
million volts, which 1 am now able to produce and handle with
safety.
Thi
This energy will be collected all over the globe preferably it
small amounts, ranging from a fraction of one to a few horse-power
One of its chief nses will be the illumination of isolated homes.
takes very little power to light a dwelling with vacuum tubes oper-
ated by high-frequency currents and in each instance a terminal a
little above the roof will be sufficient.
Another valuable application
will be the driving of clocks and other such apparates. These clocks
will be excecdingly simple, will require absolutely no attention and
The idea of impressing upon
the carth American time is fascinating and very likely to become
There are innumerable devices of all kinds which are either
now employed or can be supplied, and by operating them in this
manner I may be able to offer a great convenience to the whole
world with a plant of no more than ten thousand harse power.
The
introduction of this system will give opportunities for invention and
Knowing the far-reaching importance of this first attempt and
its effect upon future development, I shall proceed slowly and
carefully Experience has tanght me not to assign a term to enter
prises the consummation of which is not wholly dependent on my
But I am hopeful that these great
realizations are not far off, and | know that when this first work
When the great truth accidentally revealed and experimenally
confirmed is fully reengnized, that this planet, with all its appalling
immensity, is to electric currents virtually no moro than a small
metal ball and that by this fact many possibilities, each haffing
imagination and of incalculable consequence, are rendered absolutely
sure of accomplishment; when the first plant is inangurated and it is
shown that a telegraphic message, almost as secret and non-inter-
ferable as a thought, can be transmitted to any terrestrial distance.
the sound of the human voice, with all its intonations and inflections,
faithfully and instanily reproduced at any other print of the globe.
the energy of a waterfall made available for supplying light, heat or
motive power, anywhere-on sea, or land, or high in the air—
humanity will be like an antheap stirred up with a stick: See the
excitement coming!

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
“ gee FS
|

: a ee ‘om ici cae
= .
= - :
fe,

ee eo

a 2.5, ana a

| a a Er
Sig aa Ea a a i

x cs a amb rr i i! eT

1
ee

EXPERIMENTAL LABORATORY, COLORADO, ERECTED SUMMER OF |go9

[
DISCOVERY BY MA Teeia OF THE STaTionanr WAVES OF THE EaAntTH Wat MADE ERE

REPRINTED BY NICK BASURA 1974
$4714 Alice Street
Los Angeles. California, SO06s
