{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T10:58:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 44, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31213362, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304283745505735, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125212-cejka-misc-free-energy-wave-theory-of-the-aether-by-tjj-see.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541082590000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125212-cejka-misc-free-energy-wave-theory-of-the-aether-by-tjj-see.pdf", "source_sha256": "961df003f20c5f3a64eedeff7b8e297f6acc89583ceadcfd1818812773c83410"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1713, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MORE FREE POWER
T.H. MORAY USP (1931) 3
Arthur Adams
The Catch 22 Is that the patents of-
fice ratted to the defence department.
A hard-headed angineering consult-
The British engineer worked on Con-
and there is now a blackout on Adams'.
ant in Britain has apparently found a
corde and is Arthur Adams of Ipswick,
Ipatent on the yrcunds that it may have
mireral that acts like a super-trans-
Suffolk. He discovered the mineral
strategic potential under the Officia:
stor and regenerates electricity
while prospecting with a machine that
Secrets Act.
within itself
combined isotopic analysis and sonic
The fact that the department (or
The feature article in this issue
waves, and says the substance has hith- ministry as they call it) did this, com
on FREE ENERGY FROM NOWHERE has sim-
erto remained undiscovered because it
ilar overtones, for T. Henry Moray, an
pined with Arthur Adams's prestigious
American, patented the transistor in
1931 after examining various radioact-
ive substances and high frequency phen radio and clock off a lump of the min-
* me required tch a come nation and get ye the quer wreat is as
to find it.
In his home he
conmon as dirt in Wales
omena_
Capper
Rod ¼" d.
(ALLEGED) TESLA COIL FREE ENERGY DEVICE
Hallow
Copper
diam
Sphere
→ par
Ба Р
Secondary: lo turns iạid. Cu tubing
Total 25 ft.
16-inch interiur diam.
1½i space btun. turns
12v.
Auto Car o
6 V.
D.C.
Coils are wrapped
on cardsuard tubes
Oil-Insulated
Capacitor in piro
LOAD
PRIMARY:
- - 3
640 turns
1340, + Ft.
# 37 wire
Voltage
Step- Dowr
opars
GUi
Transtormer
The copper rod's leagth must be adjusted
the pere cer sun editable.
The primary is centered
buside the Secondary
The yuarter-wave ength frequency is 9.84 ni az

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 917, "chars": 5600, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Rax Regacrch
PO. B0x1232
CA. 74704
JanDAry 90, 1018 SCI, AMER,
Electricity.
Miniature Ball-lightning. -A phenomenon in the shape
of a traveling globular spark was noticed by Leduc in
1800, and more recently Dr. Morin made some observa-
tons upon it in Europe. To produce it. two needles are
put down on a photographic plate and connected with
a static unchine. 4 globule starts from the negative
needle and moves slowly along the gelatine to the ofter
pole.
Its path is shown by the decomposition of the
silver salt and the burning of the gelatine. Dr. Muriu
now uses a stronger machine, and finds that the globules
acw make up a continuous stream and also take a num-
ber of branching paths. He worka in the dark and theu
develops the plate so as to obtain curious ramified phe-
nomena. luch depends on the kind of photographic
plate that is used, Such globule streams are not
affected by the maguetie field. The action seems to take
place only in a discontinuous medium such as is given
by a photographic emulsion, with its particles sur-
rounded hy the non-conducting gelatine.
A Curious Electromagnetic Phenomenon. -In
Metallurgical and Chemical Engineering E. F. Northrup
describes a curious effect noted in an electromagnet with
a wire core.
When subjected to a heavy alternating
current the wires at the center of the core began to creep
forward out of the solenoid until finally the extremity
of the core instead of being fat beeame conical. By
giving one of the wires a slight twist in one direction
or the other the extended cone of wires could be made to
form at either and of the solenoid. The core thus ap-
peared to be in unstable equilibrium, the direction of
motion being determined by a slight mechanical dis-
placement. The effect can also be illustrated by making
the core in two sections, a central iron rod in a surround-
ing iron cylinder. The central core is free to move, and
on suddenly applying a direct current, jumps com-
pletely out of the solenoid and takes up a position in
prolongation of the cylinder wall.
The motion is quicker
thaa the eye can follow. On the other hand, it is found
that if the diameter of the movable core be neariy equal
to the diameter of the immovable position the former
tends to be sucked into the solenoid. By suitably
proportioaing the movable and immovable portions of
the core a neutral condition could be obtained, the
central portion being neither drawa in nor projected.
A similar result could be obtained by increasing the
magnetic permeability of the axed core, as compared
with that of the movable portion.
March > 1917
35)
Magneton: A New Constituent of Matter
ALECTRICITY. which at one time was asgumed t
/be a wave motion in the ether, is now regarde
as a substance made up of atoms, or electrons, which
exist la the atoms of all kinds of matter, and in a
sense constitute the primordial elements of which all
matter is composed, This view, suggested by the fact
that the smallest quantity of electrietty that can he
measured (the quantity carried by a hydrogen atom
in electrolysis) is always the same, is confried by
the results of experiments in radio-activity, Thia ale
mentary quantity of electrieity is called an slectron.
The same tendency toward the materialization of ener
Betic concepts is shown in recent attempts to establish
an atom of light, and the process la now being extended
to magnetism. Pierre Weiss bas submitted to the
Parls Academy of Sclences an essay, In which he at-
tempta to prove, from the results of experiments on
the magnetization of various elements at extremely
low temperatures, that the atoms of iron, nickel, con
per, manganese and uranium contain defuite quantities
of an elementary magnetle substance, to which the
name "magneton la given.
Sci Amerin
June 3 19/1
A Detector Based on New Principie.-Auerc uns re-
cently been perfected a crystal detector the operation of
which is based on an entirely new principle. Instead
of the crystul coming in coutact at one point only with
a sharpened metal rod or hne wire, as is usually the
case, the surface of the crystal makes contact with the
minute particles of a unely divided alloy, Thus there
are almost innumerable contacts in the detector, which
is made in the form of a small Insulated disk with a
knurled edge for adjustment purposes. To adjust the
detector, it la only necessary to turn the disk slowly
while listening to the varring strength of the signals in
the telephone receivers.
Electricity as a Tree Peat Cure. -l'atent papers were
recently granted to Tandore Kitsee, a Philadelphia in-
vontor, covering a process for the destruction of insect
and germ life harmful to plants and trees, the electrical
method faking the place, to a great extent, of the nanal
sprays and othor applications. The process consists of
making an application of a sointion such as enline
water where the ground is to be treated and then cans-
Ing a current of electrielty to be prawal through the soll.
whereupon the gas generated will chl the soll of zerms.
Inrene and insects without the least Injury to the vege
tation. Where a Inreer aren ix to be trented, it has
heen found desirable to dig shallow treuches at opposite
aldes of the aven to he treated, aul the olectric ter
minals are pinced in those, An appliention of a some
what more powerful current will rid the entire area
of psts. When the plant itself is to be treated, the
solution carrying the element ta made the electrolyte
in an apparatus, ad the plant spreced with a solution
after demoition has taken place through the action
of the olectrie entreat.
Sci. Amer: May 27 1916
p 549

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2981, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A liquid alloy of sodium and cacsium as a sub
19, 20g
TINT NOONI
ELECTRONICS
Making Resistors with Moth
Brief. high-power pulses of electrical
energy throbbing through intricate cir-
cuitry
are the heartbeats of modern
radar. But they are the hane of many
an electronies engineer. Sometimes the
high-frequency
currents
that
are
crammed into a pulse swirl through a
simple resistance as if it were also a
small coil (inductance); sometimes the
pulses treat the resistance as if it were
a capacitor. Either way, coil or espaci-
tor. those unwanted effects introduce
annoying problems
In an effort to reduce such side ef-
fects, electronics experts have resorted
to all sorts of tricks. But in mest cases
the best they could do was failow ad-
vice as old as Scottish Physicist James
Clerk Maxwell, the father of electrical
theory, who died in 1879. It was Max-
well who pointed out that resistors could
be bent into hairpin turns so that their
current flowed in two directions, can-
celing out capacitance or inductance.
Later,
Physicist
Georges
Chaperon
wound resistances into intertwined coil
with the same result.
Wandering Mind, Those solutions
work well, but not quite well encugh for
today's high-power equipment. At San-
dia Corp
in Albuquerque, Physicist
Richard L. Davis was busy trying to de-
vise improvements. One day he let his
mind wander and remembered an old
mothematical parlor trick, the Mébius
loop.* Math suddenly merged with eles-
tronics, and Davis had what he was
searching for: the design of a nomin-
ductive Möbius resistor.
A Mobius loop can be made by cut-
ting a narrow strip of paper and gluing
• Named for German Mathematician August
Mobius, 1790-1868
TIME
Sept 25,196ą
PHYSICIST DAVIS & MÖBIUS LOOP
To pomper pulses, an aid parlor trick.
its ends together after giving the strip a
half-turn. The loop that results has pe-
culiar qualities, Most important, though
the paper it is made of has two sides.
the loop itself has only one surface.
This can be proved by drawing a pen-
cil line down the middle of the strip
The pencil line covers both sides of the
paper and returns to the starting point
without the strip's being lurned over.
When cut along the pencil line, the pa-
per forms not two loops but one long.
narrow loop. Cut once more in the same
manner. the narrow loop becomes two
interlocked loops.
Double Passage. Davis made a Mö-
bius leep out of a strip of nonconduct-
ing plastic that had metal foil bonded to
both sides to serve as an electrical re-
sistance. He attached wires to the foil
on opposite sides of the strip, When
he sent electrical pulses through those
wires, the current divided. flowed in
both dircctions through the foil. and
passed itself twice. Because of the dou-
ble passage, the inductance was as low
as Davis had hoped. He is delighted
but still puzzled. The pulses apparently
pass right through themselves, and he
cannot be sure how or way his device
works, Mayhe Maxwell could tell us,"
he says, "hat he's dead,
36

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 139, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Oct. 3, 1950 a S. KLEIN oo 2,524,227

THERMIONIC EMITTING DEVICE

Filed Nov. 6, 1945

liao
sy

. INVENTOR,
Steg/raed Ki letn
BY |

AGENTS,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 842, "chars": 5287, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Patented Oct. 3, 1950
2,524,227
UNITED STATES PATENT
OFFICE
2,521,227
THERMONIC EMITTING DEVICE
Siegfried Klein, Paris, France, assignor to Comp-
toir des Cendres et Metaux Precieux, Paris
France, a body corporate
Application November 6, 1945, Serial No. 627,067
In France January 10, 1945
6 Claims. (CL. 250-27.5)
1
It is known that when certain metallic bodies,
first electrode a metallic product which is driven
metal salts or metal oxides are highly heated,
off on to the second electrode and thus com-
they emit positive ions or electrons; the ionic
pensates for the deposit of impurities on the
currents thus obtained could be put to numerous
latter, which deposit hinders the discharge of
uses if their intensities were sufficient and if
& ions on the said second electrode and therefore
they remained constant during a certain inter-
decreases the intensity of the current of ions;
val of time. This has not been the case up to
thus, for example, an iridium deposit on the
the present, since when a metallic wire, such
first electrode gives very good results.
as a platinum wire, is heated in vacuum or in a
In the diagram, a first ion-emitting electrode
gas, it emits positive ions the intensity of which 10, I is heated by means of a flament 2 through
at first increases very rapidly, to diminish there-
which an electric current flows that is generated
after with an equal rapidity and finally remain,
by the source 3; a second electrode 4 surrounds
after a relatively very short time interval, at
the first said electrode 1; an electric circuit is
a very low value.
closed from the electric source 5 through the
Now, it has been found, according to the
15 inductance 6 by the said second electrode 4;
present invention, that it is possible to obtain a
the ions are collected at the terminals 7 and 8
source of ionic current of great intensity, for
of the inductance 6.
example of the order of one milliampere, under
According to an embodiment of the invention,
a tension of 200 to 300 volts, and of good con-
given by way of example, solely in an indicative
stancy, by heating a metal, a metal salt or a
metal oxide, the said metal, metal salt or metal
20 and in no wise restrictive manner, as thermionic
emitting device, use is made of a quartz tube
oxide being used in a state conferring thereto
covered with a metallic paste and heated inside
very large contact surfaces, for example in a
by a metallic flament through which flows an
state of a precipitate, and in a gas at relatively
electric current, for example a rhodiated plati-
high pressure, in ambient air, for example.
25 num filament mounted on a quartz rod.
It has been observed that, due to the gas or
The quartz tube serving as a support for the
air current which surrounds this heated metal,
metal which is to emit the ionic currents can;
salt or oxide, and which constantly impinges on
for example, have a length of 5 centimeters and
the said metal, metal salt or oxide, a kind of
a diameter of 2 millimeters.
It is covered with
a regeneration of the emissive power of the said 30 a precipitate of platinum and iridium to which
metal, metal salt or oxide is produced.
More-
is added aluminum phosphate; after strong cal-
over, the emission of ions being a function of
cination, this layer firmly combines with the
the surface of the heated body, said emission is
quartz,
The whole is then covered with a very
very substantially increased by the state of very
thin layer of pure iridium. The second electrode
fine division under which it is used and which 35 is constituted by a metal tube adapted to resist
confers to it a very large surface. Finally, this
oxidation under the conditions of use; for in-
state also facilitates to a large extent the re-
stance, use may be made of a tube plated with
generation of the emissive power of the metal,
metal salt or oxide by the air current.
AS a
gold.
A difference of potential is produced between
result of the above combination, a much more 40 the thermionic emitting device and the second
intense ionic current is produced than with the
electrode. The positive ions emitted by the
emitting devices previously known and, above
thermionic emitting device proceeds toward the
all, its maintenance, with a good constancy,
second electrode. This emission may be en-
at a value enabling it to be put to numerous uses
is ensured.
48 hanced, if necessary, by a grid similar to the
According to another feature of the invention,
screening grid of wireless lamps, and placed be-
as thermionic source, use is made of a precipi-
tween the emitting device and the second elec-
tate of platinum or of another metal absorbing
trode and to which an intermediary potential is
gases, air for example, whereby the regenerating
applied.
effect due to the gas or air current is substantially 60
It is to be understood that the invention is in
increased.
no wise limited to this particular form of em-
Another feature of the invention consists in
bodiment given solely in an indicative but not
making use, as first electrode, the positive ion
in a restrictive manner and that numerous modi-
emitting device, in providing a second electrode
fications can be made without thereby depart-
which attracts the ions and in disposing on the 55 ing from the ambit of the present invention

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 559, "chars": 4055, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2,531,227
4
which covers, moreover, all possible uses of such
order of 300 to 400 millimeters and including a
emitting device.
finely divided metallic substance capable of large
What I claim as my invention and desire to
positive ion emission, and means to heat said
secure by Letters Patent is:
substance, said device being capable of generat-
1. A thermionic positive ion emitting device
5
ing a stable ionic current the intensity of which
comprising a pair of electrodes located in a
is of the order of a milliampere under the appli-
gaseous atmosphere having an order of pressure
cation of an inter-electrode potential of the order
of from 1 millimeter mercury to atmospheric,
of 200 to 300 volts.
one said electrode including a finely divided
5. A thermionic positive ion emitting device
metallic substance capable of large positive ion 10
comprising a pair of electrodes located in a
emission, and means to heat said substance, said
gaseous atmosphere having an order of pressure
device being capable of generating a stable ionic
of from one millimeter mercury to atmospheric,
current the intensity of which is of the order
one said electrode including a quartz tube, and
of a milliampere where the effective area of the
means for heating said tube comprising a metallic
positive ion emitting electrode is of the order 15 flament therein, said tube being coated with a
of 300 to 400 square millimeters and under the
platinum precipitate and an iridium precipitate.
application of an inter-electrode potential of the
6. A thermionic positive ion emitting device
order of 200 to 300 volts.
comprising a pair of electrodes located in a
2. A thermionic positive ion emitting device
gaseous atmosphere having an order of pressure
comprising a pair of electrodes located in air at 20 of from one millimeter mercury to atmospheric,
a pressure of from one millimeter mercury
one said electrode including a quartz tube, and
to atmospheric, one said electrode including a
means for heating said tube comprising a
finely divided
metallic substance capable of
metallic filament therein, said tube being coated
large positive ion emission, and means to heat
with a platinium and an aluminium phosphate
said substance, said device being capable
of
25 precipitate.
generating a stable ionic current the intensity
SIEGFRIED KLEIN.
of which is of the order of a milliampere when
the effective area of the positive ion emitting
REFERENCES CITED
electrode is of the order of 300 to 400 square
millimeters and
under the
inter-electrode potential of the order of 200 to 300
application of an 30 file of this patent:
The following references are of record in the
volts.
UNITED STATES PATENTS
3. A thermionic positive ion emitting device
Number
Name
comprising a pair of electrodes located in air at
824,638
De Forest -
substantially atmospheric pressure, one said elec- 35
1,266,517
Meikle
trode including a finely divided metallic sub-
1,296,264ł
Carpenter
stance capable of large positive ion emission, and
1,299,356
De Forest
means to heat said substance, said device being
1,534,148îŘŚŘ
Vogt et al.
capable of generating a stable ionic current the
1,649,016Śš
Buckley _.
intensity of which is of the order of a milliampere 40
1,767,218
Kunsman
when the effective area of the positive ion emit-
1,809,115
Goddard .
ting electrode is of the order of 300 to 400 square
1,914,883ąć
Cotrell
millimeters and under the application of an inter-
1,931,254
Doering
electrode potential of the order of 200 to 300 volts.
2,231,877
Bennett
4. A thermionic positive ion emitting device 45
2,316,276
comprising a pair
Motz -
Date
June 26, 1906
May 14, 1918
Mar. 4, 1919
- Apr. 1, 1919
Apr. 21, 1925
Nov. 15, 1927
June 24, 1930
- June 9, 1931
June 20, 1933
- Oct. 17, 1933
- Feb: 18, 1941
Apr. 13, 1943
of electrodes located in a
gaseous atmosphere having an order of pressure
OTHER REFERENCES
of from one millimeter mercury to atmospheric,
Gaseous Conductors, James Dillon Cobine, Mc-
one said electrode having an effective area of the
Graw-Hill Book Co., New York, 1941, page 122.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 742, "chars": 4947, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
QUASI UN GIALLO SU DIUN FENOMENO INSPIEGABILE
IL CASO TEMPLETON
Nel numero di Gennaio del 1963
della rivista QST, organo uf-
ficiale dei radioamatori america-
ni, figura un articolo: • Il caso
Templeton » firmato Jack Naiork.
che lascia oltremodo perplessi.
Nel 1958, nella città di Temple-
ton (California). la ricezione di
una stazione televisiva locale fu
disturbata per alcuni mesi e per
un raggio di 40 miglia, da una
strana interferenza, della quale
non fu possibile localizzare la pro-
venienza,
Con e noto, qualunque atazione
trasmutente puo essere facilmente le-
calizzata con appositi strumenti, in
base di fatto che il segnale irradiato
dall'antenma si allontana nello spazio
rendo di intensità. E grossola-
marnena come quando si butta un sas
su in uno stagno: le onde arrivano sul-
la sponda smorzate di intensità rispet-
to al punto di partenza nel quale esso
: caduto
wiu in quevione, come più
avanti vedreme. l'interferenza non mo-
strù di uvere una provenienza in quan-
to l'intensità del segnute era costante
in ugni pano dello spazio in cui essa
era presente
Passano da ad ca
quetra dei fatti di que
ingolare
epredia
Provenienza sconosciuta
Sul Templeton Paily Star del 15
aprile 1958 di annuncia che la sta-
viene televisiva WKOO-TV è stata
venduta alla Godfrey Smith Associates
ot Sad I renetsco e che la nuova dire-
zone mizierà le trasmissioni il lo
Maggio, nello stesso giorno in cun
quattro anni prima, casa fu inaugurata
Viene fatta inoltre una deserizione del
mose Direttore Generale. Godfrey
Smith hotb peronagro del mendo po
Ince e degli affon, Inureato in Fisica
a Preco e che dorante ph anm del
la esonda guerramendale ha presta
lo le tha opera di segretatto desisten
te di guerra per i progetti di avanguar
dia
Il lo muggio iniziano le trasmisalo
ni e subro dopo il centralino della
stazione televisiva è saturato dalle te
lefonate degli menti che pretestano
perché sullo schermo appieno delle
barre nere, segno, questo, che um alto
segnale interferisce con quello emesse
dalla stazione
Viene effettuate un controllo sul tra
smettitore e su tutte le apparecchia
ture della stazione che risultano in or-
dine e viene dedotto che l'interferenza
è esterna alla stazione: forse qualche
radioamatore che si è inserite sulla
stessa frequenza della stazione. Due in
gegneri e due lecnici si recano fuori
per localizzare la provenienza di tale
interferenzu.
Ritornano dopo aleme
ure sconcertati dal fatto che l'interfe
renza non mostra di avere una preve
Sul Templeton Daily Star del 2 mag
gio si comunica che gli ingegneri della
stazione televisiva non sono riusciti a
localizzare l'interferenza, che disturha
gli apparecchi TV in un raggio di 40
miglia da Templeton e che Smith ha
richiesto l'intervento di ingegneri della
FCC (Federal Communications Com
mission) per localizzare ed stumate
T'interterenza
Inoltre Sminh ingaegia una hataçha
con i radioamaton locali che decusa
di essere responsabili dell'interterenza
Il 3 maggio giunge un telegramma
dal suddetti ingegneri che infermano
che l'interferenza non può essere loca
lizzata con mezzi convenzionali e co
municano di avere nehiesto l'interven
to di Washington
11 4 maggio smith manda un tele
gramina all Onde Rockford Sancher
presso il Senate Building a Wahmy
ton richiedendo Fante del B !
Sul Templeton Daily Sta del
maggio la WKOO-TV otte 500 dol
lari di ricompensa a chi nusera a lo
calizzare l'interferenza
1110 maggin prunge la relatore del
Ia Hadley Censutong Empirect-
4t1158
ditta di ingegnen sentedienti a sti a
era rivolto Smiti. In tale relazione si
legge Tra l'altro
a lenterferenze pon presenta en
direzione:
ion..l estiona
bi I intensita dellinterferanea in un
Facto di 40 miga interno 2 Bomple
con è uniforme oltre tale tagale dece
see normalmente
e) La frequenza della sorgente del
l'interferenza non è in sineraniamo cor
quella della rete elettrica, verifica el
fentuata interrumpendo la fornitura d
energia clestrica a Tumpleton:
J) L'opinione degli ingegneri è che
l'interferenza è generata e propagata
in modo diveno de quello che cemen
le l'attuale tecnica.
Fa lettera termina comen
le che
sono stati esiti luth 1 d0251 ato g
localizzare ed dentit
Sul Templeton Das Stat
magato si riporta l'epinione di smat
che insiste nel ritenere un rati amate
re la causa dell'interferenza Gli esper
ti interpellati comunque scartano lat
ipotesi ed escludono inoltre la prove
menzo dallo spazio esterno del segnal
interferente, subhene nen colata disunt
• vene che d fago nella
L'amore dellarete sel O51, it
una nota, riporta un interantone de
condo la quale la CIA leettral In
telligence Agency propiro e prim
di giugno un rappere segrete che f
successivamente manca, n parte no
dimento a Sath nel quale e comuni
cana che le ment migliori in camp
lettonico della Naziotte grano stati
Anfite dal ntaterene di Temple
1n. non si per 1
tenete data ge e al proble
panihico
1 1o lei son e che tana
Topee Fatta della tare di
perdita di mali stea Lafetefere
39

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3227, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
¡urtin
Corda
UCI
Sie
109.
s simerra
S Simeon!
Cambria
P.Esteros
→ Adelnide
9 e
Templetor
Cartr
Esteros Bay
4.0 micia
PBuchon f
564
Stus Obispe
S.Luis Obisp®
Oceano
Gundalupes
1325
bYradley)
Chi li me
s. Migucl
/Chotame
Paso Robles
Aluscadero
Su Murgardn
87
•Pozo
MiLopezilinuse
Arroyo Gran
oNiponi
Lost Hill °
Waru
MIc
Temblor Range
zo Plail
Fel
Ma
Cul MrPhera
Carta geogrofica dello zona in cui avvenne la strano interferenza
za che impedisce il regolare funziona-
mento della stazione.
Sull'Intercontinental News Service
di Washington del 29 luglio si legge
che la FCC autorizza la WKOO-TV a
cessare le trasmissioni dal l.o agosto.
Si riporta che la stazione non ha volu-
to prendere in considerazione lo spo-
stamento su di un altro canale televi-
sivo. sia perché ciò comporterebbe no-
tevoli spese, sia perché i dirigenti ri-
tengono che la causa dell'interferenza
sia intenzionale e quindi solo smasche-
randone l'origine si potrebbe tornare
alla normalità. A questo scopo si co-
munica che la ricompensa viene ele-
vata a 10.000 dellari.
Improvvisamente l'interferenza
scompare e sui Templeton Daily Star
del 15 agosto Godirey Smith comunica
che la stazione avrebbe ripreso a fun-
zionare entro 48 ore. Nello stesso ar-
ticola si comunica che la locale FCC e
i dirigenti dell'FBI rifiutano di fare
commenti e si ha ragione di credere
che i dettagli non saranno resi pub-
blidi per qualche tempo.
La scomparsa del tecnico
L'articolo del QST termina con una
nota dell'autore in cui la presente che
nessun rapporto tecnico fu mai com
pilato per spiegare quando e in che
modo lu localizzata l'interferenza e
successivamente eliminata
L'autore riferisce che si è saputo che
l'FBI tenne sotto controllo il telefono
di Smith ed una fonte sconosciuta in-
tercettò nella notte del 2 agosto il se-
guente
messageio:
• L'interferenza
cesserà per 5 minuti alle ore 9 di sta
notte. lo la posso eliminare per sem-
pre ma la ricompensa deve essere au-
mentata a 25.000 dollari. Inviatemi
questa somma Drawer 34, Banca In-
ternazionale di Berna in Svizzera
Quando il denaro sarà depositato l'in-
terferenza cesserà definitivamente *
Smith mise in funzione il misuratore
dell'intensità del segnale intorno alle
ore 9 ed effettivamente a tale ora il
segnale che era di 6700 microvoli cad-
de a zero per la durata di cinque mi-
n11li Dar
Si è inoltre saputo che lerome Lin-
dsay Barnes ex ingegnere capo della
WKOO-TV seese all'Hotel Grand Ba
hara a Nassau il 10 agosto. Barnes,
Jaureato presso l'università di Chicago
nel 1939, fondatore del locale club
VHF (termine tecnico che indica le
onde radio a frequenza molto alia),
restò per due mesi al Grand Bahama
e poi spari. Non fu trovata nessuna
traccia di lui e la cameriera che rias
settò il bagazlio dopo la sua scompar-
sa, scopri una copertina di colore ros.
so e nero con sopra scritto
SEGRETISSIMO
Uno studio sulle equazioni di Gausa
che porto ad un sislema di radiazion
'.1I.F. non localizzablle. Autore J. 1
Barnes, Laboratori di radiazione de
MIT. Glugno 1942
Copia singola da non rimuovere da
gli schedari.
Vicino al titolo vi era scritto con
inchiostro scolorite dal tempo • IR
REALIZZABILE fite Godfrey Smith,
Segretario Assistente di Guerra per i
progetti di avanguardio n.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 956, "chars": 5824, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Il caso Templeton
(segulio)
L'autore non dice come sia in pos
sess di queste notizie • segrete » ri
portate nelle note dell'autore che com-
paleno nell'anticolo del OST. In una
nota all'inizio dell'articolo l'autore di-
se testualmente: ¿Ạạ¿ạIl caso di Temple
ton è ora storia. Fu riportato in forma
riservate a quel tempo perché misure
di sicurezza lo richiedevano. Copie di
lettere, telegrammi, articoli di giornali
narrano la storia meglio di quanto io
possa fare e il mio principale obbietti-
vo è di presentare questa nella giusta
* sequenza Quelle parti del caso non
documentate sono state riviste ed ap
provate dai principali partecipanti,
con l'eccezione del defunto Godfrey
Smith. Quelle parti della storia non
incluse in articoli e lettere sono state
ricostruite dalle note che presi nel pe-
riodo in cui vissi a TempletonẠạ
Come si può considerare questo ca-
so? Una montatura? Ma per raggiun-
gere quale scopo? Non sembrerebbe,
date le citazioni di nomi, date, artico-
li dei quali si può verificare l'effettiva
esistenza. Un caso vero?
A questo punio nascono spontanee
delle domande, quali: è fisicamente
pubibile realizzare un campo di onde
radio non localizzabile? Se fosse pos
sibile, basterebbe pensare alle implica
zioni di tale scoperta nell'ambito stra
tepico. Che no è stato di Barnes e del
la sua scoperta? Non si sarà trattato
di un fenomeno nell'alta atmosfera non
ancora note e raro intorno al quale si
e intessuta sunta la vicenda di tipo
« Top Secret »?
A distinza di tredici anni non se ne
sa più di allora.
Silvano Ceccarelli
SC1. AMER, (MARCH 15, 1913
Pa Rarel
Berkeley
CA. 94704
Flame Detector of Hertzian Waves. -It is found by
German sientist Leithauar that a fame will net as
detector for wires waves. At the semling ond is an
duetion coil giving a 0.2-inch spark and an antennn
ire 3 feet bang, and at the recciving end placed about
Hert off there is minbed an autenna chich conces to
te electrode placed within the flame of a Bunsen burner.
e seond restrade heing connected to ground. The frst
petrode consats of a platinum capsule containing car-
nate of potash, aul the lame Leps it at a red heat so
In melt the salt. The other electrode is a 0.0-inch
pper wire placed horizontally at alout D.1 or 0.15 inch
om the frst. Wires lead Tram cach In a lelephone, or in
her cases a galvanometer.
At rach wace signal sent
1t, there is heard a sound in the telephone. The cur-
nt set up in the telephone seems to becaused by the
ime arting as a current reetifer. Potash salts appear
give the bs realts, and bath electrodes must he
pt at a red brat. loveter a differenre of temperature
seeded boween them, and it should be noted that the
ree in of the eurrent given off by the flame combina-
on chieh appears to wark as a battery, deponde on
If the metal pies has the higher temperature.
41)
Vibration of a Stretched Wire In Electric Circuit.
-Some interesting experiments on thie sabjeet were
described by Admired Sir Henry Jacket at a recent
SKI. AMER
mecting of the Royal Socisty. A large thermo-miere-
phone consisting of a long loup of wire warmed by an
electric current, subjected to vibratins produeed hy
sound waves, continued to respond to the effeet of the
vibration in suitable receiving apparatus after the electric
battery had been cut out of its circuit, and when the win
was at the sate temperature As the sir.
This result
of the wire's vibration could not therefore be solly at
tributed to the wire's being maintnined at a different
temperature to that of the aurrounding air by an eleetrin
current in it. Varsing the angle of the wire with line
Sept 28-191łęŘŚ
of the earth's mugnetic force produced entirely negativ
results.
Wires of varioes materials and of lengths up to
220 feet (the longest tested), stretehed and subjected to
forced vibrations, almost invariably generate a current
of electricity in the cireeit of suffetent intensity to la
audible in a suitable telephonie receiver, with or without
an added E. M.T. in the ritent.
The addition of a valve
amplifar, continues The Electrician, grently increases
the intensity of the sound Resonance plays an it-
portant part. No conclusion can yet be drawn as to the
quantitative ofset of alt the truster or length of wies,
or their displaces, or treat gestated; the estee
expended in producing vi ation is not proportional to
the effeet produced wale reman is pront.
Fires Due to Wireless Waves.-4: first thought i
SCI AMGe VUNE 211919
seems hiphly improbable that any fre cruld be asaribel
to the offert of wireless waves, thogh it is conceivalds
that, granted certain specially faturable conditione, the
kindling of a spark botween adjacent metal parts might
have such effect. M. Le Roy in a recent issue of the
Comples Readas describes experimente intended to fast
this point. He had met with several enses in which
four did spper to have been cause? by wireless was
Accordingly, he constructed arẠạ infantamble resonad
by the rid of whie he did spreed in tetting fre to pap
cotten wadding, and other substoness.
He thike i
possible that in certain conditions inflammable sab-
stagree, such as bales of cotton bound with hoop in
could be pet on fier by wircles ens
Electries! Efeets in Vibrating Wires.
-A recaut
mafian to the Pran
Prig uf the Royal Society
med Sir 1. B. Jackson not Jer. J. B Byn
refers to the chet of the an os of thrating
the
is currents gomers! is the by the eat
mature fold Tasting for ages, dimini lee the
st, but the decreate is at entirely due to emale
suitional prem Suel currete can be detectel ly
Barch rate, and sorewhat chair effete tale place is
vibrating plates.
conducter
Bet it som
The set is not proteed in mon
the areeped by the author
Oat, after pleas
•for the ees of motion in the turtl
faR!
pErs
remotes in tel plane sad other circuits in
which intermittent currents are involved

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2792, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIGHTS
THAT
FAILED
AT VARIOUS TIMES RADIO-CRAFT/RADIO-ELECTRONICS HAS ANNOUNCED RE-
markable new discoveries, that might change the whole direction of electronic
progress. In one or two cases the expectations were more than fulfilled. No
one could have expected our whole solid-state age to develop from the simple
transistor reported in the September, 1948 issue. And the multiple uses of
the laser were not even suggested when Bell Laboratories revealed the
discovery of coherent light. (Certainly no one ever dreamed it might even be
used as a surgical tool or a precision drill.)
But the majority of those new discoveries simply dropped into oblivion. We
were determined to find out why, and contacted a number of discoverers or
developers. As might have been expected, we found that most of them had
simply been made obsolete by newer and better devices or developments that
did the work more efficiently.
The most important exception to the "drop into oblivion" rule was the
electret, which was so little known when the magazine published the first
electret article that many scientists would not believe it existed. (The electret
is the electric counterpart of a permanent magnet-a piece of material with a
permanent positive charge on one side and a permanent negative one on the
other. Originally they were wax discs from two to cight inches across and
about a quarter of an inch thick. Later, electrets or electret-like devices have
been made of thin plastic film, and those are the type now in common use.)
We heard of it from the "mad Austrian scientist Ehrenhaft, and persuaded
an author to make a few. Even after several articles and after exhibiting the
electret at an IRE convention, it was largely ignored until the military began
picking up a few mysterious microphones in captured Japanese equipment.
Today electret microphones are standard equipment. There were rumors of
other uses, and we contacted James West of Bell Laboratories, one of the
persons responsible for much of the development of modern electrets. From
materials supplied by him, it appears that electrets are now widely used in
such unrelated devices as gas filters and radiation dosimeters. The Bell
Speakerphones are now using electret microphones, as are many operator's
headsets, and electret transmitters (microphones) will replace other types in
ordinary telephones as new models come out. Millions of electret
microphones are in use all over the world. Electrets have also been used in
headphones and phonograph cartridges, and are coming into use in
photographic processes.
The Stenode Radiostat
About the time Radio-Crafi came into being, a revolutionary new receiver,
the Stenode Radiostat, was expected by some to make it possible to have
Belipse of
the Badle Tube
rayed
*CTRETS
OCTOBER 1979 C

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 675, "chars": 4318, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RADIO-ELECTRONICS
many more broadcast stations on the band, while cutting down interference
tremendously, It was supposed to be able to operate on a bandwidth of about
60 Hz (as compared to the 10,000 Hz allowed at the time for each radio
broadcast transmission), while maintaining the quality of an ordinary
receiver.
Circuitwise, the Radiostat looked like an ordinary superhet with a crystal
filter in one of the intermediate frequency stages. That made the IF
bandwidth extremely narrow, and low notes were "disproportionally
amplifiedẠạwhile the higher notes were cut down fantastically. To compensate
for the sideband cutting, the highs were boosted tremendously in the audio
stages.
The exact way the circuit worked was a matter of (sometimes heated)
discussion, which actually gave a better idea of how little was known about
modulation at the time than of the operation of the Radiostat. (Some
explanations even denied the existence of sidebands, which of course couldn't
be cut off by the sharp IF if they didn't exist.)
In the long run, it was generally admitted that what was happening was
that the high frequencies were simply cut down in the IF, then boosted up
again in the A.F. audio stages to restore something like normal reproduction.
As Clyde Fitch, who wrote extensively on the subject at the time, said years
later: "It was a delusion-not that the circuit wouldn't work, but that nothing
would be gained if it did!"
The Eveready Air Cell
The April 1931 issue carried a story on a remarkable new battery
that-together with a new series of tubes-was to be a boon to the millions
of rural listeners who had been bypassed when manufacturers turned their
main attention to electric receivers operating on alternating current. The
new '30 series of tubes (including a screen-grid type) operated with filament
currents of 60 mA (the '31 output tube used 130 mA). Those were used in
receivers equal in sensitivity and quality to the line-operated sets then
available.
The Air Cell was designed to power such sets. Its capacity was 600 ampere
hours at a current drain of about half an ampere. That battery would power a
6-tube set using tubes of the '30 series, something that would have been
expensive and impractical with dry cells.
The Eveready Air Cell was especially interesting because it used no
chemical depolarizer. Instead of the manganese dioxide of the dry cell, it had
a positive pole or anode of a special type of carbon, which projected through
the top of the case. It absorbed oxygen from the air, which combined with
the hydrogen bubbles that collected on it and tended to insulate the positive
electrode, to form water. Incidentally, while always called an Air Cell, it was
a two-cell battery, as the two projecting carbon anodes proclaimed.
After an initial surge, the battery sank into oblivion; it was no longer
mentioned in the technical press nor advertised. The reason was unique-its
application was fast dwindling to the vanishing point. Development in rural
electrification paralleled that of rural radio receivers, and the radio families
without electricity, originally about seven million, were rapidly reduced in
number.
Thus the battery was not made obsolete by new developments. It continues
quietly in use in more limited applications, according to Roswell Bennett of
Union Carbide, who answered our inquiries on the subject. Among its
present-day uses are railway signalling applications in remote areas where
alternating current is not available, for buoy lighting, and for off-shore
drilling rigs. It was used for much emergency lighting in World War II, and
we may expect to see it soon in miniature form as a power supply for hearing
aids and digital watches
Discovery of the Age?
In March 1944, Radio-Craft published an article: "Magnetic
Current-Discovery of the Age?" It described the work of refugee scientist
Felix Ehrenhaft, Director of the Physics Institute, University of Vienna.
Ehrenhaft believed that he had discovered particles with a one-pole magnetic
charge (either N or S, but not both). Beaming light on the gap between the
poles of a powerful electromagnet, on the lower polepiece of which powdered
metal had been scattered, he found that when the magnet was activated, he
FiL B
G, seal: H. partition
Magnetic Current-
Discovery of the Age?
BY FRED SO

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 716, "chars": 4726, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
could see some of the particles spring from the lower to the upper pole.
Ehrenhaft believed that this indicated that they had a monopolar magnetic
charge. (Others were not so sure.)
The work attracted a great deal of attention. (Radio-Craft devoted two
articles and an editorial to it.) There is a gap in electromagnetic theory that
would be filled neatly by monopole magnets and magnetic current, and
students were extremely interested. Ehrenhaft made a number of other
experiments that also supported his hypothesis. Unfortunately one of the
most dramatic ones-indicating that water could be decomposed
magnetically-went wrong. It was absolutely unrepeatable. The professor was
tremendously embarrassed, and to some extent withdrew from public
discussion, carrying on his experimental work in the semi-seclusion of
Manhattan College.
He returned to his post in Vienna after the war, and some of his later work
was published in French and other scientific journals. He died not so long
after, and interest in magnetic monopoles seemed to have died with him, until
about 1970. Then one H. R. Kolm reported finding a track produced by a
particle that was strongly accelerated in a magnetic field, something that
might indicate a monopole magnet. He never published a formal paper on the
subject, and presumably did not feel that he had enough evidence that a
magnetic monopole existed.
In 1975, scientists of the University of California and of the University of
Houston (TX) reported the existence of a particle, far heavier than any yet
discovered, that fitted the characteristics of a magnetic monopole as laid
down theoretically by Dirac in 1931. For one thing Dirac had suggested that
the particle-if it existed-should have a basic charge of 68.5 or a multiple of
that number. The suspected particle had a charge of 137.
Three years later no further discoveries have been reported. An inquiry to
Dr. Alfred Goldhaber, who commented with interest on the 1975 discovery,
reveals that though he has been doing theoretical work on the subject since
1975, "neither 1 nor anyone else has any evidence of the existence of
magnetic monopoles." The final conclusions of the 1975 experimenters, he
said, were that the track was not compatible with the magnetic monopole.
So the subject is still open. Theoretically, there is a place in the universe
for magnetic monopoles, but apparently so far nobody has ever "seen" one.
Magnetrons in TV sets?
The August 1951 cover and a feature article showed and described a new
development-magnetron oscillators for UHF TV sets. It was not easy to get
regular receiving tubes to oscillate reliably at the frequencies needed in UHF
television. To a magnetron, such frequencies were low. The main problem
seemed to be how to make a magnetron small enough to put in a receiver.
General Electric solved that problem-the magnetron oscillators were the
size of a standard miniature receiving tube.
But the little tubes were too good as oscillators-they radiated into all
parts of the receiver; it was extremely difficult to shield them to the point
where they didn't create interference in various circuits in the set. That,
combined with the rapid improvement of more conventional tubes, made
them impractical, and the miniature magnetron never did reach the general
market.
The brilliant failure
One device did not fit the general definition: something with a great deal of
intrinsic merit, but edged out by newer and better devices. Nothing has ever
been found better than the lonophone, a loudspeaker with no moving
mechanical parts. Completely inertialess, it produced sound of a quality that
could not be equalled by other speakers. The speaker was completely
described in the issue of November 1951, and treated less fully in other
issues. The active unit was a heated wire, specially treated to give off large
quantities of ions. When heated by a radio-frequency field, the wire
maintained a cloud of ions between it and a shield surrounding it. The field
that heated the wire was modulated by the output of the audio-frequency
amplifier, thus expanding and contracting the ion cloud in the space between
the wire and the shield (which formed the small end of the speaker horn).
That produced sound. The problem was that the ion-producing wire
destroyed itself in an impractically short time. The idea was so good,
S. KLEIN: US. P#353400=
MAGNET
LEADS
ELECTRICAL
LEADS
(when used)
Fig.
3-The
Ehranhaft
ondens
ectric fields may exist between Magnetic.
RADIO-CRAFT
for
MARCH.
p. 332
1944
Miniature Magnetron
for V.I.F. TV Receirers
IONOPHONE
my the dream of engi
- inertialess indups
e now reality. Is produ
and from alectals curr
with lonized air molecule
& RADIO-ELECTRONICS
OCTOBER 1979
59

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 897, "chars": 5722, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
→
elec
pick
vther
person
materi
ich u.
rake.
acset:
finar
iro
1phon
ograp
Stenc
out thi
chode
RADIO-ELECTRONI
60
, that it was hard to abandon it; one English company. Plessy,
y manufactured and sold units. But it finally disappeared-in the
‚of one consumer magazine: "A brilliant failure.*
e January 1957 cover (and an accompanying article) showed and
ribed a picture tube that Philco had been developing secretly under the
de name "Apple." Instead of the phosphor dot pattern of all kinescopes of
se time, the Apple had a pattern of stripes of red, blue and green. In
addition to the beam carrying the color information, the Apple used another
pilot beam that located the vertical stripes, so that the correct color
information would fall on the right ones. There was more than a possibility
that this tube would replace the conventionai shadow-mask type-it was
supposed to be cheaper to make and much simpler to adjust.
Attempts to learn the fate of the Apple have been made difficult by
changes in the Philco organization, possibly also because Philco apparently
ceded its interests in the tube to one of the engincers who developed it. But it
wouid appear that, in view of the number of tubes now successfully using
vertical stripes without the necessity of a pilot beam, the pilot beam
technique of the Apple was found unnecessary. (However, a recent news item
tells of a developmental kinescope that emits X-rays from the boundaries
between the stripes. Could that be an attempt at guidance similar in intention
to that of the Apple?)
Two "different amplifiers
The cover of the November 1957 issue showed what was expected to be a
revolutionary new solid-state device, the Spacistor. One of the disadvantages
of transistors was their low input and output impedances and their high input
capacitances. The input and output impedances of Spacistors were higher
than those of vacuum tubes, and their input capacitances were low, also in the
order of those of tubes. The transistor is a low-voltage device-the Spacistor
operated at about 100 volts. The device seemed so potentially valuable it was
surprising that nothing more was heard of it. An inquiry to Raytheon
brought-after some searching for a person who remembered it-this
information from Herman Statz of Raytheon's Research Department:
"Spacistors were made in the laboratory with FET-like characteristics in
the middle 'SO's. The Spacistor employed a source and a gate contact in a
high field space charge region of a junction. Because of the small dimensions
of typical space charge regions (at most a few micrometers). the fabrication
of these devices required photolithography with dimensions of the order of I
um. This technology was really not in hand for production in 1957. When
regular FET devices came along with high input impedance characteristics,
work on the Spacistor stopped
However, in recent times, technical people have contacted the company as
to whether a Spacistor-like device could yield high frequency operation
beyond the capabilities of present GaAs microwave FET devices. The answer
to this question is probably yes, because of the high fields that exist
everywhere in the Spacistor. The concept may therefore be reexamined, since
present-day technology would allow its fabrication in some formạii
In the same article that described the Spacistor, another amplifier, the
Solion, that didn't depend on electrons, was described. It was a flat
cylindrical liquid cell about two inches across. It produced an electric current,
the intensity of which depended on the agitation of the iodine electrolyte.
Thus, with one side of the cell acting as a diaphragm, it became a sort of
microphone, responding to low and subsonic frequencies from about 400 Hz
down to less than one per second. A modification of the device was usable as
a fow meter.
The Solion was developed by the Navy, and was expected to be useful in
aerial navigation, among other things. An inquiry to the Navy brought back
the information that, while the device worked well, it was outmoded by the
development of modern transistors. At least one commercial company has
investigated it for special applications, and it is still too early to state that
it-or a modification of it-will never be used.
V. S. P.
Earth's charge leaking off?
An unnerving phenomenon was revealed in November 1957. Professor
Koenigsfeld of the University of Liege reported that the atmospheric
potential had dropped significantly. Normally at least 100 volts at one meter
45)
Fig. 4This is basic transistor amplifier.
The "separated detector"
The Solion principle may be used in
a variety of modified designs for speria.
jobs. An example of a slightly different
type of Solion is that in Fig. 5. It is
adapted to the measurement of uni-
directional flows and pressures. The
hookup resembles that of Pig. 3, except
that one of the outside electrodes is at
the same voltage as the cathode, which
in this cell is a piece of closely woven
platinum gauze. (Ita response is linear
rather
than
logarithmic.)
The ions
tend to drift toward the left (positive)
Fig
5-Separated detector measures
unidirectional liquid
motion; acts as
rectifier on back-and-forth
How's.
electrode (anode) where they become
iodine molecules. In time, practically
all the iodine ions find themselves,
under the attraction ofiẠithe ancde, on
the left side of the cathode (separator
electrode). Now, if there is a move-
ment of liquid toward the right, due to
pressure on the left diaphragm, new
ions are brought into contact with the
cathode, and increased current flow is
indicated
on the meter.
If flow is
from right to left, there is no action
-there are practically no iodine ions
in the liquid in the cell's right section.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 688, "chars": 4522, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•above ground level
. recent me
rements at three points in Belgium showed
an average of only 15 volts. It was speculated that such a condition, if it were
widespread and permanent, could produce an ionized layer in the lower
atmosphere, which could affect radio as the ionosphere does, and might have
other and unforeseeable results. No reason was given for the sudden drop,
though it was suggested that radioactivity could be a possible cause.
An inquiry to the University brought a reply from Professor Koenigsfeld,
now in retirement. He remembers that it was later discovered that there had
been an accident at *an English station" that had created strong radioactivity,
and that later conditions had returned to normal.
However, between 1970 and 1975 there had again been a certain
diminution. The professor enclosed some tables of observations he happened
to have. They indicated that between 1970 and 1974, the voltages had
dropped in the order of 30 per cent from a fairly high 1970 figure. The
average for 1974 was still above 100 volts (above that figure in winter, in
some cases somewhat below in summer. However, he had just received the
results for May 1978, which showed 70 volts, indicating that the diminution
was still continuing (or starting anew).
"Revolutionary video recorder
The March 1960 issue announced "a revolutionary new system of video
recordingi demonstrated by General Electric. The new system's recording
density was claimed to be about 100 times greater than that of magnetic tape.
The video signals applied charges to a moving plastic tape, the surface of
which was then softened by radio-frequency heating in a strong electric field
That deformed the tape in proportion to the charge on each surface element,
making ridges and valleys in the surface-a sort of embossing. Most
interesting, the embossed tape could be played back with optical
equipment. One difficulty-the system operated in a vacuum.
Nothing further was heard, and it was felt that possibly the problems of
recording in a vacuum had stymied the process. That was not quite correct.
Ray Shanahan of the General Electric Research Center states that the plastic
recording did, indeed, have a recording density about 100 times greater than
corresponding areas of magnetic tape. ButẠạinformation handling technology
advanced so rapidly during the 1960's, especially in magnetic recording, that
the technical and economic advantages of thermoplastic recording
disappeared, and the technique never was transitioned to a commercial
departmentiẠạỊi
The great discovery that wasn't
In late 1968, a remarkable story from Troy, MI, made the front pages of
most of the newspapers. "The newest, the biggest, the most exciting
discovery in solid-state physicsiwas how one staid journal put it. What had
happened was that Energy Conversion Devices (ECD), a Michigan company.
had held a press conference announcing that patents had been granted for the
amorphous (non-crystalline) semiconductor switches they had been
manutacturing. Since Troy is far from the head offices of technical
magazines, or of newspapers with technical staffs, the conference was covered
by reporters almost innocent of technological knowledge. Their stories on the
revolutionary new ovonic devices were the basis for the sensational reports.
Radio-Electronics covered the story in a more subdued way, in a January
1969 news report based on ECD's own press releases, and in an article in
May 1969.
The immediate result was a fantastic jump in the price of ECD stock (and
a nose-dive when it was learned that the devices were already known and
were not likely to make the transistor obsolete in the immediate future).
Sections of the financial press attacked ECD and its head, Stanford
Ovshinsky, for the spurt and subsequent drop, even though it was caused
inadequate reporting by the press itself and not by anything ECD had said or
done. After the furor died down, the company continued to produce ovonic
devices, without any tremendous benefit from the spurt of publicity.
Some of the lights that failed in the past 50 years may have been
overlooked (and we may not have noted that some of today's successes were
first mentioned as bare possibilities). If any reader is interested in other
inventions, proposals or devices, please ask and we will discuss them in a
future issue.
R-E
46
Fig. I-If ovonic material is placed
between two electrodes and a voltage is
uppiled, the voitage exerts a pull on the
trapped carriers, marked e in figure.
ALL ABOUT OVONICS

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 722, "chars": 4740, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FATE Magazino,
Published by Clark Publishing
Highland House,
Highland Park, Ill, 60035
Copyright 1957 by Clark Publishing Co.
THE HEHDERSHOT MOTOR RIDDLE
By Gaston Burridge
Yes, Lester Hendershot is still alive, Here
is a searching re-examination of his mysterious
motor.
Science News of the Week
I. : electrical
shrinking gel
When an electric field is applied across
gel, a jellylike form of matter inter-
ediate between a solid and a liquid, the
el may collapse to a volume several
undred times smaller. Toyoichi Tanaka
nd his colleagues at the Massachusetts
stitute of Technology suggest in the Oct.
9 SCIENCE that such gels, controlled by
w-voltage microcomputer signals, may
entually be used for artificial muscles.
t may also be possible to store two- and
ree-dimensional images by using the
cal collapse and swelling of the geliỊạthey
Fice
A gei consists of long-chain polymer
olecules, cross-linked to form a tangled
etwork and immersed in a solvent. The
quid prevents the polymer network from
ollapsing while the network stops the
quid from flowing away. In previous re-
arch, Tanaka showed that drastic but re-
ersible volume changes can be brought
bout by small shifts in temperature,
olvent composition, acidity or the con-
entration of an added salt. This abrupt
plume change is the consequence of a
in from one network arrangement
› another. Low voltages also induce this
hase transition.
In his experiments, Tanaka used a par-
ally hydrolyzed polyacrylamide gel in a
u percent acetone-water mixture. The
for such purposesạỊạẠi
principle to what kinds of gels are better
have to optimize the chemical structureiạẠạ
applications. "For each application, we
nonaqueous solutions.
occur in other gels like polystyrene in
showed theoretically that this is a very
question is very important because we
their work to other gels. Tanaka says. "This
traction and expansion by electric fieldsiẠại
in the future in which we control the con-
should be able to make artificial muscles
fields to control this, says Tanaka. We
nomenon in which we can use electric
mines its volume. "We have a new phe
which the passage of calcium ions deter-
The muscle itself is a kind of gel, in
spond within 10 millisecondsiẠạhe says.
of micron size, which make the muscle re-
nature made a bundle of very thin fibrils
esting that when nature made the muscle.
collapse in milliseconds.ẠạIt's very inter-
Tanaka says the collapse time is approx-
original shape in about 10 minutes
held was removed, the gei returned to it
the entire gel collapsed. When the electric
shape began to change, and by 2.15 volts,
applied voltage reached I volt, the gel's
tween two platinum electrodes. When the
millimeters in diameter, was placed be-
SCI. NEW. Vol. 122
cylindrical gel. 3 centimeters long and
• 282
Oct 30 '12
ELECTRIC MACHINE GUN IS SILENT
ELECTRICITY re-
places gunpowder in
a silent, smokeless,
machine pun recently
perfected for defense
hostile air-
Por 30 years
the Hendershot motor has been
subject for controversy.
Information and mis-
information has built a legend around it, has en-
crusted a hollow bubble with iridescent splendor.
Separating truth From hearsay is nearly impossible.
We will attempt to present the facts and you must
solve the riddle.
On Tuesday. labruary 28,
1928, the United
States was startled by newspaper headlines hearld-
ing a novel invention perfected by Lester J. Hend-
From New York to Seattle "The Hendershot
Motor." a fuelless engine, was tront page news.
device claimed to generate usable electri-
by "cutting the carth's magnetic lines of
for
CEẠỊẠ
as a commercial electric generator cuts
lin
es of magnetic force set up within its own
Ten days later the story burned itself out
in an item, dated March 9, 1928, that told of
Lester Hendershot's convalescing in a Washington.
D.C., hospital after suffering a 2000-volt shock
from his device. This shock came, it was reported
from his patent atcorney's office, when Hendershot
was demonstrating his device to interested capital.
In a recent Letter Mr. George Swetnam, long
associated with The Pittsburgh Press and considered
by some to be an authority on early Hendershot mat-
ters, writes, "The story died suddenly, behind a
curtain of red faces, it was a lunacy test, not
any 2000-volt shock, that took Hendershot to a
hospital. He wasn't a nut, but because of the de-
sire to escape publicity he wasn't prosecuted."
CONTINUED
Electric antiaiscraft machine gun. Electroniagnets hurl bullets
capable of firing 150
bullets or high-explo-
sive shells a minute.
Projectiles are hurled
from its muzzle by a
series of electromag-
nets spaced along the
barrel, which start the
missile moving and
successively raise its
velocity as they be-
come energized.
POP SCI. ' BEC '3L

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 675, "chars": 3996, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr. Swetnam doesn't say who desired to a-
void publicity. We could assume it was Hendershot
and perhaps it was--perhaps not.
Lester Jennings Hendersha is still alive. This
may be a surprise to many. The legends have re-
ported him dead, killed. hiding in rear for his
lite. hounded by secret agents both foreign and
domestic, sought by capital wishing to purchase
his device for enormous sums of money. Myths,
a1ı:
Hendershot is 58 years old. of medium height
and rather rotund, His hair, what there is of it,
is white and make his dark brown eyes, which are
alert and keen, stand out prominently. Hendershot
has a way of glancing up at one. sideways and fleet-
ingly, which indicates his deep distrust of those
he does not know well. When he smiles his face
lights up with warmth
and good fellowship, but he
does not smile often. lle is a man haunted by
trouble-
Whether this trouble is of his own mak-
ing we will leave for your observation.
Hendershot lives in a small California town
with his family in an average neighborhood, in an
average home which he has rebuilt himself.
He has
a good job with one of the best concerns in the
world--the U. S. Government--and he seems to like
Information gleaned from those who know him.
Loysther with opinions of those who know of him,
Makes it appear Lester Henderanot has not been a
business man.
This may explain why nothing big
has come of his device during the last 30 years.
The Hendershot motor is not a motor at all.
If it is to be called anything but a device or an
apparatus it should be termed a "generator." for
it is reported to manufacture an electric current.
The electricity which it makes will motivate an
électric motor, will light an electric light or
heat an electric iron, but it does not produce
usable morion within itself.
The Hendershot device is not patented. As
it stands today, there is considerable question
as to whether it could be patented.
Because the device is not patented, and be-
cause it may be patentable sometime in the future,
10
no detailed description of the apparatus will be
given here.
However, a cursory description will
not be out of order.
Whe Hendershot device consists of some bas-
ket-woven, flat ccils of wire. There is a rela-
tionship between the distance these coils are
placed apart, the number of turns wound on them
and the size of the wire. There are some stain-
less steel rings about threc inches in diameter.
There are some pieces of stick carbon, some
lengths of "Alnico," or equivalent, permanent
magnets.
Proper amounts of all these produce
the current, according to Hendershot,
What else--
and surely.
there is considerable else--may be
hidden from view, is nyone's guess.
"Can you build your apparatus in different
sizes or capacities?" we asked Mr. Hendershot.
"That has been one of my troubles." he
answered.
"I'm not an engineer and I don't know
how to figure these things beforehand.
Some-
times, I wind on too many turns of wire. Then,
the thing won't work.
If I don't get on enough
wire, the job soon burns out--sometimes in a few
minutes, other times in a few hours. If all
these materials are not in the propur portions
the thing won't work at all. My biggest trouble
though, is having them burn out. They never seem
to last very long."
Here is another mystery. According to the
stories appearing in the Detroit newspapers in
1928, Lester Hendershot was taken to Selfridge
Pield near Detroit, by a Mr. D. Barr Peat, an
associate of Hendershot's who first saw a small
model of the device in Hendershot's home in west
Major betonal. Lam feet it the com exploring.
Selfridge Field. Lamphier was interested in ex-
perimenting with the "motor" but never claimed
any sponsorship of it, nor any understanding of
its principles. Lamphier never gave the device
his blessing in any way, he says.
The Detroit papers reported Peat and Hen-
dershot had come to Selfridge Field with a model
of the Hendershot device and demonstrated it to
Major Lamphier and others there.
Reports stated
11

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 908, "chars": 5677, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ASTRONOMISCHE NACHRICHTE VEST
Band 211.
Nr. 5044.
New Theory of the Aether. By T. Y y. See.
[Fist Paper.)
The Medium of the Aether is necessary for | is no intrinsie difficulty in either view, butatpresent
conveying Phrsical Action aeross Space.
no method is known by which we may hope to dis
A superfine medium associnted with the stars and with
criminate between them. The whole subject of the ether
the light of day, known as the A ether (428ye), has been
1s in that state of uncertainty and apparent confusion, which
universally recognized since the time of Somer (lad, XV.zo,
in other branches of science has usually preceded some great
and XV1.365). During the last three centuries the greatest
advance in knowledges.
natural philosophers and mathematicians, from Hagghens,
Such an attitude as the above, by physicists of recognized
Newton, and Enter to Maxwell, Lord Kelvin and Pointerd,
authoritative connections, is confusing enough: but an even
have regarded this aetherial medium as a necessary condition
more bewildering doctrine has been put forth by Einstein,
for the action of physical forces across space.
In his Me
and quite widely adopted in England, though it generally
canique Céleste 4.541, 1800, Tisserand expresses the general
is rejected in Americe, The english observers of the total
opinion thus:
solar eclipse of May 29, 1910, found some evidences of a
*Les théories les plus récentes de la physique donnent
deflection of the light of stars by the field of the sun, but
lieu de croire que les attractions des corps célestes ne peuvent
it was by no means conclusive, and the weakness of the
se transmettre à distance que par l'intermédiaire d'un milien,
whole Theory of Relativity was impressively pointed out by
sans doute l'éther. Mais on ne connait rien encore sur ce mode
Dr. Silliersion, (Observatory, November 1919, p. 396-7), who
de transmission. Il parait probable que le même miller sert
showed that Einstei's theory will not account for the re
de véhicule à des actions électriques ou électromagnétiquess,
finement of moving perihelia, and would even permit & planet
or comet to move in a straight line, under the gravitative
Notwithstanding the very secure foundation for a valid
theory of the aether erected by the labors of the most eminent
action of the sun. In view of these faets Dr. Silberstein justly
geometers and natural philosophers since the age of Acrow,
says that the Einstein theory stands or falls by the Evershed
a strange tendency has arisen within recent years, for aban
and S/ Jew spectral observations, which are ample, yet do
not confirm the theory.
ing the nether as an unnecessary hypothesis.
Whether
In an interview t Chicago, Dec. 10, 1919, Professor
a reactionary tendency is based upon adequate grasp of
the geometrical and physical considerations involved may be
A. 4. Michrison, the eminent authority on light, openly rejects
doubted by the more experienced natural philosophers of
Einstein's theory, because it does away with the idea of light
today. At any rate we leave this to the judgement of those
traveling by means of vibrations in the aether which is sup-
investigators who follow the argument here developed.
posed to fill all space. » Einstein thinks there is no such thing
as nether, remarked Aficheison. *He does not attempt to
In their treatise on Magnetism and Electricity, London,
account for the transmission of light, but holds that the aether
1912, Brooks and Porse, who were inspired by the electrenic
should be thrown overbeard.
theories emanating from Cambridge, express themselves thus:
In view of the confusion of thought introduced by
•In this book, we have implicitly assumed the existence
the electronists, on the one hand, and by the Einstein pure
of a medium, which is the seat of the phenomena denoted
mathematicians, on the other,
- both extremes leading to
by the terms electric and magnetic lines of force. It may,
ideas not uppropriate to the facts, which Dr. Whewell, History
however, be mentioned that at the present moment the various
of the Inductive Sciences, 1847, 1.81, showed was the cause
questions associated with the ether give rise to problems of
of the Inilure of the physical sciences among the greeks -
great compiexity and diffeulty. The experimental knowledge
it seems highly important to enter upon an account of certain
acquired during the last twenty years, taken in conjunction
unpublished researches on the aether made by the present
with recently equired knowledge regarding the eleciron'
writer during the past six years, omitting so for as possible
and the constitution of matter, leads to apparently irrecon-
the results already available in volume 1 of the Electrodynamic
cilable results, and the real nature of the ether - if it
Wave Theory of Physical Forces, Boston, London and Paris,
exists at all in the old sense of the word - must be regarded
T017.
as absolutely unknown. For instance, if the ether is in-
And first we shall show that the aether is necessary
compressible, as it is usually assumed to be, we are driven,
for holding the planets in their orbits, from the established
by one line of argument, to the conclusion that it is zooo
Jaw of the centrifugal force.
This centrifugal motion must
million times denser! than lead and possesses enormous
be counteracted, otherwise a planet can not be made to
energy of internal motion. On the other hand, if it is com-
curve the path at every point and thus revolve in a Keplerian
pressible, it may be much rarer than the rarest gas. There
ellipse with the sun in the focus.
) In a future paper a conclusive criterion will be given for rejecting this claim of a large density for the sether.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 991, "chars": 6088, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is well known that the centrifugal force is given
by the expression,
here w is the revolving mass, a is the instantaneous velocity,
and e the radius of curvature of the orbit. As the planetary
orbits and the orbit of the moon are not far from circular,
we muy with sufficient approximation calculate the centrifugal
force for circular orbits.. In the case of the earth's attraction
for the meon, it suffices to take the earth's weight in metric
tons, the moon's mass = 1/81:45, and the distance of the
moon 6o terrestrial radii, so that the weight at the earth's
surface is to be reduced by the divisor 36oo. Then, as
gravity balances this centrifugal force, we have for the at-
traction of the earth on the moon:
/ = (5-956292 × 1031)/(81.45× 3600)
= 20.3137 × 10 metric tons.
(=]
This enormous tension watld require lor its support the
ull breaking strength of a weightless solid circular column of
steel 645 kms in diameter, when the steel has the tensile
strength of over 30 metrie tons to the square inch = 6.4
sq. cms, and such a small bar of steel would thus about lift
a modern battleship of the lorgest type. The tensile strength
of the above single column, 645 kms in diameter, would
be equivalent to about 5000ococooooo columns of such
weightless steel, each of one square foot cross section, 9z2
sq. cms, or about one such column to each area 16 × 16 =
256 sq. feet of a hemispherical cross section of the carth.
So much for the stresses which control the moon's motion.
But the gravitational attraction of the sun upon the
earth is very much more powerful than that of the moon.
The attraction of the sun upon the earth is of course equal
to that of the carth upon the sun, which is easily seen to be
= 338750/(23445)*× 5-956293×1031
3.60572×10! metric tons
(⅓)
where the number 332750 represents the sun's mass, in units
of the earth's mass, and 23445 is the sun's mean distance,
in units of the earths radius.
This attraction of the sun on the earth is equivalent
to the tensile strength of rocoooooooooo weightless cir-
cular pillars of steel, like that discussed above, but each
having a diameter of 30 feet, about o metres.
This is
equivalent to the tensile strength of a forest of weightless
steel pillars, each 11 inches or 28 cms in diometer, on
each square foot of a hemispherical cross section of the earth;
so that the surface of the globe would be almost covered
with these cables of steel.
Such calculations of the enormous gravitative power
of the heavenly bodies were first brought to my attention
by Professor Fesepk Ficklin, of the University of Missouri,
about 33 years ago, and have never been overlooked in my
subsequent studies of the cause of gravitation. Now with
these concrete figures before us, we sce that the cause as-
signed for gravitation must be adequate to sustain these tre-
mendous forces, miraculously pulling like stupendous cables
of steel, iaagined as weightless as spider webs, yet stretched
to the utmost limits of their tensile strength across the
celestial spaces, for holding the planets in their orbits.
Accordingly Einstei's proposal to do away with the
aether is chiefly remarkable for the lack of understunding of
5044
the physical universe which it displays, Sir Saac Neaton
himself denounced those who believed action could occur
across empty space as not having a competent faculty of
thinking in philosophical matters.
In his letter to Besticy,
1602•3, Febr. 25, he says:
»'That gravity should be innate, inherent and essential
to matter, so that one body may act upon another at a
distance through a vacuum, without the mediation of anything
else, by and through which their action and force may be
conveyed from one to another, is to me so great an absurdity,
that 1 believe no man who has in philosophical matters a
competent faculty of thinking, can ever fall into it, Gravity
must be caused by an agent acting constantly according to
certain laws; but whether this agent be material or immaterial,
I have left to the consideration of my readerss,
In a paragraph cited below, Madlourin tells us that
Newton held gravitation to be due to impulses of the aether,
but could not make out exactly how they arose; and this
passage shows that Newton did not regard this medium as
ordinary material.
a) It is shown below that the elasticity of the aether
is 689 321 6ooooo times greater than that of our air in pro-
portion to its density: it has therefore enormous power of
contraction, if any natural process be at work to cause it
to collapse.
b) It is shown in the Electrodynamic Wave-Theory of
Phys, Forc. 1, 1917, that between any two sources, as the
sun and earth, the waves so interpenetrate, with rotations
in opposite directions, as to decrease the stress and cause
collapse of the medium between the sun and the earth; and
this therefore develops an enormous tension, with maximum
stress in the right line between the bodies, while beyond
them there is corresponding increase of stress and thus an
external pressure also overcoming the effects of the centri-
fugal force, and compelling the planet to follow the Keplerian
ellipse about the sun in the focus.
c) It is shown in section 7 below, that the potential
is simply an expression for the total accumulated stress,
due to the waves from all the individual atoms of a body, -
each wave following the law of amplitude,
A = kir
(4]
and giving an element of force, as in gravitation,
(5)
Accordingly we see that Laplace's definition of the potential,
1782, points directly to the wave-theory:
d) Therefore it is natural to hold that gravitation is
hyale pes as met fining editions es disal tall thee
physical cause. This wave-theory of gravitation will give a
new ground for the deflection of the light of stars when the
paths of their rays pass through the gravitational feld of
the sun, as indicated in the eclipse of May a9, and reported
at the meetings of the Royal Society and Royal Astronomical
Society, Nov. 6, 1919.
e) It will be shown below that both the density and
rigidity of the acther increases as we go outward from the
sun, according to the laws

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 915, "chars": 5849, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
53
5044
(z)
Accordingly the velocity of the waves remains approximately
stant, (Flectrodynamic Wave-Theory of Physical Forees
4-157, 1917)
1 = CV (ED] = CV (17/r].
(&)
But experience alone can determine whether this condition
holds with geometrion rigor, or whether along the netual path,
containing diffuse coronal matter, the stationary condition,
may no: lead to a small defection of the original path of light.
f) Such an increase of density in the aether, as we
recede from the sim was suspected by Jewfon in 17a1,
(ai edition of Optics, p, 325). It is of authentic record that
Newter helieved gravitation arises from the impulses of a
subtile setherer! medium, but he awas not able, from ex-
periment and observation, to give a satisfactory account of
this medium, and the manner of its operatien, in preducing
the chief phenomena of natures, (Macaurin, Account of
Newton's Philosophical Discoveries, London, 1748, p. 111),
and thus he left the problem of the cause of gravitation to
future investigators.
The obscrved deflection of the rays of stars passing
near the sun, amounting to about 1575, may be most na-
turally explained by the action of the gravitational and mag
netic wave fields, under the infuence of coronal matter,
varying as the inverse fourth power of distance, and the
arrangement of the density and rigidity of the aether, near
the sun. An are of 1 at the sun's menn distance correspends
to an absolute space of 725 kms, 1775 to 1264 kms. In the
ence of the sun's strong gravitational and magnetic fields,
-the magnetized faint corenal matter pervading that wave-
agitated region, it is probable that a central refraction or
deffection of the light, of this magnitude, somewhat analogous
to an unsymmetrical Zeeman-effect, may be anticipated.
The
rotation of the beam of polarized light by magnetism, in
Faraday's experiment of 1845, would lead us to expect some
action in the sun's coronal wave-feld.
h) As Einsteir's predicted displacement of the spectral
lines towards the red could not be confirmed by Evershed
and S/ Sniw, who had ample telescopic power to make this
shift-effect at least 5o times the probable error of their
measures, it cannot be presumed that the defection of star
light passing near the sun is a confirmation of a purely
mathematical theory. The deflection of the light must rather
be explained by the physical properties of the acther, inter-
spersed with faint coronal matter, varying as the inverse
fourth power of the distance, in the region of intense wave-
agitation about the sun.
i) At the joint meeting of the Royal Society and Royal
Astronomical Society, Nov. 6, 1019, no one attempted to
answer the weighty objections brought forward by Dr. Salier.
stein, who had made a careful study of Eintfou's theory,
and thus pointed out the bizarre conclusions drawn by some
pure mathematicians who are prone to forget that the de-
fection of starlight near the san is as purely a physical
problem as the refraction of light in the carth's atmosphere.
Now the sun's defection of light is similar to refrction, but
54
very minute,
- half of it being of875, as against 2000* in
cur atmosphere, or about 230o times smaller.
) Since, according to the report of the observers of
the eclipse of May 29, 1910, this minute defection disappears,
when the sun moves out of the path of the light from the
stars lying behind it, such a temporary effect cannot properly
be attributed to a warp of spaceạ but only to the refractive
action of the sun's envelope.
When Newton observed the
refraction of light by a prism he had no thought of attributing
the effect to ta warp of spaces; and one cannot but refect
how fortunate it is that the physical theory of astronomical
refraction was perfected by Newton, Laplace and Bessel before
such confusing terms as •fourth-dimension time-space-
manifolds: were introduced inte science
k) It cannot be held that Eisie's theory enlightens
is on the motion of mercury's perihelion, because' at least
half a dozen explanations, some of them approved by Newfer,
Joll, Newwond and Secliger, are already known; and another
simple one, involving no mysticism and no rash assumptions,
but following from definitely established physical laws, will
be brought out in the present investigation.
2. New Law of the Density and Rigidity of
the Aether.
To deduce the law of the wave amplitude (4) in tri-
dimensional space, we proceed as follows.. The displacement
of any particle of a medium due to wave motion, of a given
wave length, is independent of the periodie time, and since
the oscillatory orbits of the particles are described in equal
times, under continuous flow of the waves, these orbits will
be proportional to the displacements or other homologous
lines pertaining to the periodic peths of the particles. Let
the velocities of the moving particles be v, and m their mass;
then their kinetie energies will be represented by ⅛m?.
In the spherical expansion of the aether waves, there will
be no loss of energy in free space; hence on two successive
sphere surfaces of thickness dr, the energies are equal, so
that we have:
17 N" 20 U"
Or
V:V =P:T.
(10)
The kinetic energy of the vibrating molecules varies
inversely as the square of the distance. But the velocity
varies also as the amplitude, in simple harmonic motion:
therefore, for the amplitudes A' and 4", corresponding to
the radii r' and ri
we have by taking the square root in
equation (:o)
1: A" = Ґ: +
(JI]
(12)
Accordingly the amplitude or side displacement becomes,
4 = k|r.
V = Mir =
(13)
And
which is the law of the potential first used by Laplace in
1782. Thus it appears that if there be aether waves pro-
pagated outwardly from any molecule of matter, the amplitude,
or maximum displacement of the oscillating particles of the
aether, will vary inversely as the radius of the spherical
wave-surface.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 1007, "chars": 6382, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
55
5044
A partial development somewhet like this is given in
stupendous forces required for holding the planets and stars
certain treatises on physies, such as Waller's Experimental
in their orbits
Physik, 1.784, and Mitchi's Elements of Wave Motion, p. 11,
7) But this will be possible only if the aether is
but no importance is attached to the result, as in my Electro
afranged according to the law of density a = vr; which
dynamic Wave Theory of Physical Forces, 1.14-151, 1917
in turn will follow of electrodynamic waves recede from the
so accurately is this true, that when I brought this simple
sun, having amplitudes 4 = fir. For the amplitudes in-
formula for the wave amplitude, 4 = Air, before the Aca-
creasing towards the sen's centre insutes a decrease of density
demy of Sciences of St. Louis, in a public address, Sept. at,
of the atther about that centre, owing to the increasing wave:
r017, great surprise at the simplicity of the formula was
agitation near the sun's surface.
expressed by such experienced investigators as Professor F. E.
8) Now all these muteal arrangements, favorable to
Nipher, and Presidens E. A. Angler. Thus it is necessary to
the wave-theory, would not exist, unless that theory repre
develop the subject a little more fully in the present paper,
sented a law of nature. Because not only are all facts of
since no adequate discussion of the problem appears to be
the sether harmonized, but also all the forces brought under
available in existing works on physical science
the principles of the conservation of energy, and of least
Let us now consider the arrangement of the density
action.
of the aether about the sun.
Thus nature not only acts simply, but also by the
1) Suppose we consider carefully the amplitude of the
most uniform processes throughout all space. It is not there:
waves from the sun in any solar spectral line, such as that
fore admissible to hold any theory of the aather other than
of sodium, D. It is evident that if we disregard all other
that it is an infinite aeolotropic elastic solid, with the density
arrunged about the heavenly bodies to increase directly with
radiations, and fix attention upon this sodium light alone,
the distance. And the wave umplitudes varying inversely as
then as the wave amplitude varies inversely as the distance
from the sun's centre, this amplitude of our vibrations con
the radius, a k/r, supports this theory, by geometrical
considerations, which exclude every other theory of the
stituting sodium light will be a19 times greater at the sun's
surface than at the surface of the earth - since the earth's
medium for the interpretation of the forces operating through
out the physical universe.
nean distance is 219 solar radii.
2) Similar reasoning will hold for the waves of light
9) In the course of the article Aether (Encyclopedia
of the spectrum of such elements as strontium, barium, boron,
Britannica, qth, ed., 1877), Mavwell calculptes the density
calcium, hydrogen, carbon, iron, nickel, cobelt, copper, ti-
15g = 1.07×10-15, thus implying homogeneity, and speaks
tanium, ete. Thus all the light waves of all elements conform
of this medium as ra vast homogeneous expanse of isotropic
to the law: A = k/r.
matter.*
3) All these chemical elements also radiate heat waves
But it is obvious on refection that this medium cannot
which follow the same law of amplitude. And for both light
be homogeneous?); for in that case there would be no stresses
and heat the above law holds rigorously true.
If there be
in the medium for generating the forces which govern the
any other type of waves in the aether, the same law will
mutual interaction of bodies throughout space. The mutual
hold for these undulations also,
actions between bodies is an observed fact. In motion the
4) Now magnetism and gravitation have been referred
bodies are everywhere found to describe ellipses, parabolas
to electrodynamic waves, in the author's work on physical
or hyperbolas about one another. Nothing but forces, due to
forces, 1917. If these waves exist, they also will follow the
tension between the bodies, and increase of pressure beyond
same law d = k/r; and, that they do exist is shown by a
them, could possibly produce this remarkable power for
variety of phenomena, which admit of no other interpretation.
holding the planets in their orbits.
For example, the electrodynamic netion of current of elec-
10) Thes forces imply waves, and waves lead to forces,
tricity is due to waves: thus arise electrical forces: also mag
when the mutually interpenetrating waves are so directed as
netic forces, gravitational forces, etc.
to undo one ancther, and cause the collapse of the medium
5) Gravitation admits of no other explanation, while
in the right, line between the bodies, As the gravitational
on this explanation we have an immediate insight into the
forces are of enormous intensity, it follows that the elstic
fluctuations of the moon's mean motion, which so long proved
power of the nether has to be tremendous, in order to generate
utterly bewildering to astronomers. And there must be not
the forces actually observed.
only a cause of gravitation, but a simple one, harmonizing
11) Accordingly, the existence of forces implies stresses
with electrodynamic action, in the generation of electrical
in the aether: the stresses imply waves: the waves imply
forces, magnetic forces, etc. The electrodynamic wave theory
heterogeneous density in the medium, which must vary with
alone fulfills this necessary and suffeient condition, for the
the radius from any mass according to the law & = wr
following special reason.
There is no other view of the aether which can be held
6) The sether is shown to have an elastic power
Homogeneity of density would imply no stresses; no stresses
689 331 6oo ooo times greater than that of our air in pro-
would imply no forces; no forces would imply an inert
portion to its density. Hence it will have practically unlimited
universe; which is contrary to observation and thus wholly
power of contraction, and thus be able to generate the
inadmissible.
1) In the Baltimore Leetures, 1904, p. 265, under date of Nov. 16, 1899, Lurd Adlen says: •We have strong reason to beliere that
the density of ether is constant throughout interplanetary and interstellar spaces,
This error is very widespread, and its persistence shipwrecks
physical research 1

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 841, "chars": 5383, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
57
5044
12) The aether is thercfore arranged abou: the sun with
the density following the law, o= pr, which results from
-agitations having amplitudes, 4 = 4/r, The energy of
forces generated by these waves is proportional to the
square of the amplitude, and therefore we have for the force,
1 = 1/2
(>5)
which explains all the observed effects of gravitation, mag-
netism, etc.
13) Now quite aside from the simplicity and continuity
of the process of reasoning here outlined, it renins a fnet
that the wave theory is adequate to explain all the observed
phenomena of nature. The simple law of density of the
aether here imagined may therefore be acmitted to really
pervade the universe, So far from being homogeneous, the
nether is really very heterogeneous. Indeed, it is a gas,
behaving as an elastic solid - an infinite neclotropic elastic
solid - fulfilling the low of density, & = pr, and of wave
amplitude,
and therefore yielding forces following
the law. / = 4.
as required by Veeton in 1721, for
explaining the cause of universal gravitation.
At the earth the density of the aether is a19 times
what it is at the sun's surface, because the earth's mean
distance is ato times the solar radius. But Aceton's formula
for the velocity,
V = CV (EID)
(=б)
would give a change of velocity if the density alone increased,
while the elasticity & remained constant.
Now the velocity of light across the planetary spaces
was originally found by Awer, 1675, from the eclipses of
Jupiter's satellites, and subsequently confirmed by the elaborate
researches of Delawre, on the motions of these satellites
d. T. 1788, and Astronomie Théorique et Pratique,
1014).
By discussing a thousand eclipses of the isatellite
Delambre fixed the censtant of aberration at sef:55, while
Michelson's velocity of light, near 3oo ono kms., and the
solar parallax 8.80 makes the aberration about 20f48.
Thus / is about the same for the acther across the
diameter of the earth's orbit, and for the aether of the terres-
trinl atmosphere, in which the velocity has been investigated
experimentally by Cornn, Aficheison, Newcowband others.
Fig. 1. Diagram showing graphically the decrease of the
density of the nether towards the sun, owing to
the asymptole increase in wave amplitude.
58
Accordingly, this observational fact requires us to hold
that & increases in about the same ratic as D, so that our
law of I for the heavenly spaces becomes,
V = CV (privr)
(17)
and therefore & = v'r, Thus both the elasticity and rigicity
of the nether increase directly as the radius from the sun.
or other henvenly bodies
The reason for this remarkable law is this: namely;
the viscosity of a gas depends upon the friction of the mole-
cules projected from one lyer of gas into the adjacent layer,
and vice versa. In the case of the aether the viscosity
becomes rigidity, And with the increase of the density of
the aether particles there should be more molecules projected
into the adjacent layers mutually, by the ordinary kinetic
exchange, in strict proportion to the density. Thus the
rigidity of the aether increases directly as the density, as in
the above formula.
It may be noted that by the formela of Newton, an
increase of the density by the factor a19, without change
in E, would lead to a reduced velocity of only about 1iại
of the original, No such enormous difference, in the velocity
of light as determined by observations of Jupiter's satellites,
and that found by terrestrial experiments, is admissible; and
thus the above law of rigidity of the aether is approximately
verified by the comparison of celestial and terrestrial obser-
vations. But a more exact test of the value of V, from
eclipse observations of Jupiter's satellites, taken as directly
as possible across the diameter of the earth's orbit, for com-
parison with the experimental value found by Michelson, is
highly desirable.
The Relation between the Mean Molecular
Velocity of a Gas and that of'a Wave transmitted in
such a Medium.
The Philosophical Magazine for June and September,
877, contains two important articles on the theory of gase
y Dr. S. Tolver drestow, and also notes on the conclusion
then reached by the celebrated Professor 7. Clerk Maxwell,
with whom Preston was in correspondence.
In the first of
these papers, p. 452, 3 19, Prestor reaches the following re
narkable conclusion: *That the velocity of propagation of a
wave (such as a wave of sound) in a gas is solely determined
by, and proportional to, the velocity of the molecules of the
gas; that this velocity of propagation of the wave is no: affected
by density, pressure, or by the specific gravity of a gas, or by
anything else excepting the velocity of its molecules.
In the second Postscript, p.453, Preston states Maxwell's
conclusion as follows:
*Professor Clerk Maxwell, to whom this paper was com
municated, and who has taken a kindly interest in the subject,
has worked out mathematically the velocity for a wave or
impulse propagated by a system of particles moving among,
each other according to the conditions of equilibrium in-
vestigated in the first part of this paper - the diameter of
the particles being assumed so small as to be negligible
compared with their mean distance, and the particles being
further assumed spherical, so that there is no movement of
rotation developed at the encounters (which would involve
loss of velocity)«.
S

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 871, "chars": 5766, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
59
5044
50
•Under these premises, the velocity of the wave was
undertook the mathematical verification and physical test of
found to be ½ V5 (or 0.745) into the mean velocily of the
this Preston Maxwed theorem quite recently; and, as my
particles. In most gases the velocity of sound is slightly
results differ slightly from those of Preston and alfawwed, 1
less than this. This is referable to the movements of rotation
will give the process of test and verification employed.
developed at the encounters of the molecules (which cal-
In order to confirm this theory I have compared the
culably would delay the wave to a certain extent). In vapour
observed velocity of sound for the four leading gases which
of mercury, according to the determinations of Kundt and
are best determined, with their mean molecular velocities,
Warburg, the velocity of sound is exactly ¼Vs into the
and find the following indications of experiment, without
molecular velocity«.
regard to the Preston-Maxwell theory. In the experimental
According to these announcements, the corpuscles of
data there remains a little uncertainty. For the older values
the sether, viewed as a montamic ges, should have a mean
of fand & the table yields for the corrected ratio a mean
molecular velocity of 3/V5 / = 1.34 V, where / =
of 1.64, which is o.07 above the theoretical value of 1.57.
3× 10ạicms, the velocity of light. A conclusion of such
The newer data, preferred by Frans, Dynamical Theory of '
great importance, which received the approval of the lumi-
Gases, 2 edition 1016, p. 9-131, give a mean value of
nous mind of Maxwell, is entitled to profound attention
1.5%, though the discordance between the results for the
Thus I have had it before me for some five years, but only
individual gases is somewhat increased
Mean molecular
Observed
Ratio 5/ P
Correction factor
Corrected ratio
velocity P
velucity of
without correc:.
Gas
sound in
for Y (4,145) *)
older
DEWeF
older
newer
older
newer
older
values
values
values
values
values:
values
values
newer
valnes
Air
498 m
459m
33: em
1.50
1.38
1.00
1.00
1:6 3
Hydrogen
1859
1694
1265.0
1-47
7-34
1.60
cO
1.00
1.09
497
-493
337-1
3-50
1.46
1,10
1.09
2.65
1.45
1,59
CO_
39G
393
250-4
1 - 52
1.51
1.10
1-13
1.67
17:
Mean value for a monatomic gas:
1.64
| 1•5îłŘł
lues. But in the newer values air, hydrogen and CO have biatonic gas like the air ur hydrogen; 4, = 1,36 for CO and fO, in the older
1.66 for a monatomic gas; 4,
1,40, and CO; has 4; = 1,30, from the data given by FeaRs.
It thus appears from the most reliable data available
4. Exact Calculation shows the elastic power
that the ratic should be larger than Mavwell indicated by
of the nether to be 680321600ooo times greater than
about 17%. His processes of calculation are not known, but
that of our air in proportion to its density: Thus
a theoretical ground for the above result may be deduced
it cannot be disrupted by any known force, and
as follows. Consider the particles of a monatomic gas to
only the quick action of dynamite will generate
move with the velocity ?, as in the reference circle, in simple
waves in it.
harmonic motion, while the wave advances across the di
In the »Electrodynamic Wave Theory of Phys. Fores, 1,
ameter of the circle with the velocity V. Then it is evident
1917, the writer has referred the chief forces of nature to
that the two motions are in the ratip of a to a, which gives
wave action, and explained the mode of wave action for
1-5707963, in exact agreement with the above value as cor-
gravitation, magnetism, electrodynamic action, etc. As the
rected for a monatomic gas.
aether was taken to be corpuscular, yet known to behave
This theoretical and practical conclusion is confirmed
like an elnstic solid, owing to the enormous velocity of the
also by the profound researches of Airy on Tides and Waves,
particles, the elasticity was recognized to be adequate to
Encyclopedia Metropolitana, 1845.
In Plate 1, fig. 27, we
produce the postulated dynamical effects, but it is highly
find a very exact representation of the motions of the elements
desirable to have this working hypothesis for so important
which go to make up the form of a wave in water. As the
a constant verified by exact culcultion.
wave advances these elements describe small circles about
In the passage above cited from the Optics, 1721, p. 325,
a mean position, while the, forward and backward motion
Newton gave the first outlines of a correct theory of the
incident to the passing of the wave is over two diameters of
elasticity of the aether. It was subsequently rediscussed
the elementary circles, giving the obvious ratio 27t/4 = 1.57,
by Sir Join Herschel, in the well known address on light,
as before. It was from the study of Airy's researches that
(Familiar Lectures on Scientific Subjects, London, 1867,
1 became doubtful of the numerical accaracy of faxwell's
p. 282; yet owing to the importance of an understanding
result, and was led to subject the theory to a practical as
of the elasticity of the medium for the Electrod. Wave-Theory
well as a theoretical test.
of Phys. Forc., I have reexamined the whole subject. The
If therefore light be observed to have a velocity of
present results establish beyond doubt the almost infinite
3ooooo kms per second, the particles of the sether will have
power of expansion and contraction always operating in the
an average molecular velocity of 471239 kms per second
aether for generating the stupendous physical forces observed
This is a very important result, and it confirms the general
throughout nature
theory outlined by Preston and Maxwell, though the details
It is therefore certain that wave action in such an
of their processes are altered.
elastic medium is adequate to account for all the varied
6

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 931, "chars": 6104, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
52
operations of the physical universe, Moreover, since light,
heat, chemical affinity, etc., have long been referred to such
is in the aether, the more general electrodynamic wave-
ory thus gives complete continuity to our theories of
physics, thereby confrming the correlation of all natural
forces, and giving new physical grounds for the doctrine of
the conservation of energy.
In the closing paragraph to his celebrated Treatise on
Electricity and Magnetism, 1873, Marwell Justly says that
*whenever energy is transmitted from one body to another
in time, there must be a medium or substance in which the
energy exists after it leaves one body and before it reaches
the othere, This also points to wave action, such as Gours
was considering in 1835, and of which feber gave the
fundamental law in 1846, Newton's low of 1685
being a
special case corresponding to circular orbits.
In the Principia, Lib. 2, Prop. 48, Sir Isaac Newton
deduces the formula for the relocity of waves or pulses
propagated in an elastic medium, such as waves of sound
in the air,
V = CV(ED) .
This is now written
= · 1(9.808×0.76× 13.59,0.001293) (1.405) (I+af)]
= 331.8m m t) at r° C.
(=Q)
This shows that the velocity of light is 904268 times swifter
than sound. Squaring this number, and dividing the result
by 1.666/1.405 = 1.18624. we get the immense number
689 32160000o; which shows how much the elasticity of the
acther, regarded as a monatomic gas, exceeds that of the air
in proportion to its density?). In the Optics, 3a edition, 1731,
p. 326, News makes this number 490000o0000o, which
is 71 per cent correct.
In view of this excessive elasticity of the sether, in
proportion to its very small density, compared to that of air,
we can understand the almost inconceivable velocity of light.
It is also necessary to bear in mind this enormous elasticity
in order to understand why the acther is practically incom-
pressible. When a wave begins to be generated, the distur-
bance is propagated away so rapidly that the wave amplitude
necessarily is small compared to the wave length. In the.
calculations of section 5 we have taken the wave length as
23 times its amplitude, which Maxwell, Lord Kelvin and
Larmer consider a safe basis in all numerical determinations
= 331.76m V (1+0.0036651)
(=8)
The incompressibility of the sether is due to the very
high mean velocity of the aether corpuscles, 471230 kms per
where f is the temperature; e is a coefficient, 0.003665:
second, and their enormously long free path, 572059 kms:
* = acceleration of gravity, 081 cm; A = normal barometric
which makes the medium behave as an elastic solid for quick
pressure, 16 cm; a = 13.6, density of Mercury; D = the
acting forces, but enables the corpuscles to move out of the,
density of air, o.001293; and 4 1.4050 (cl. Wh/wer's
way of the swiftest planets with a roooo-fold greater speed.
Experimental Physik, 3.552) is the ratio of the specific heat
Owing to its enormous elasticity, the aether instantly adjusts
of air under constant pressure to that under constant volume,
itself to any state of steady motion, and thus this medium
duced by Lapiace for harmonizing Newton's theoretical
offers no resistance whatever to uniform celestial motions.,
ula with the observed velocity of sound in air.
This circumstance fully explains a grave difficulty which
In many investigations it is possible to determine the
has been felt from the age of Newten, and hitherto appeared
velocity with which waves are propagated, but it is not always
utterly bewildering to natural philosophers.
In connection
possible to determine independently the elasticity or density
with such extraordinary physical conditions in the medium,
of the medium - we ean only find the ratio E/D. This is
it may be useful to recall an account of the interior con-
partly true of the aether, for example, which transmits light
stitution of the sun given by Professor Newcome in the En-
waves or electrodynamic waves with the speed of 3ooooo kms
cyclopedia Americana, 1904:
per second, but gives no process of fixing the elasticity of
»Yet another unknown factor is the temperatare of the
chis medium except by an independent calculation of the
interior,
it may be ioooooo degrees., As the highest
density, which, however, may be made by the process first
temp
sture which it is possible to produce artificially pro-
ased by Lord Krien in 1854, (Baltimore Lectures, 1004,
bally does not amount to roooo degrees, it is impossible to
3. 261-263), and afierwards adopted by Maxwell, Scientifie
say what effect such a temperature would have upon matter.
Papers, 2.76п^
Thus we have two opposing causes, the one an inconceivable
In section s below we find, by the process here de-
degree of heat, such that were matter exposed to it on the
scribed, that at the sun's surface the density of the dether
surface of the earth, it would explode with a power to which
5 0 = 2X10 and the rigidity 180o. Using these con-
nothing within our experience can be compared, and a
tants in Newton's formula, we may verify the observed velocity
pressure thousands of times any we can produce, tending to
of wave propagation:
condense and solidify this intensely heated matter. One thing
V= 1(»/D] = 1/|:800/(=X10-1}} = 30000000000 cms
which we can say with confidence as to the effect of these
= 3 × 1e", the velocity of light.
causes is that no chemical combinations can take place in
matter se eircumstanced. The distinction between liquid and
To compare a perfect monatomic gas like the acther
gaseous matter is lost under such conditions. Whether the
vith diatomic gases like the air, we use the formula for the
central portions are compressed into a solid, or remain liquid,
velocity of sound:
it is impossible to say.
1) In his thoughtful Familiar Lectures on Scientific Subjecis, 1867, p. 282, Sir Joan Jeriche gives this figure as 1148ocoooo00o;
ut he emits altogether the ratie 1.66 which applies to the sether as a monatomie gas.
This correction is verifed both by theory and by
bservation on such monatonie gases as Mercuryvapor, Helium, Argon, Krypton, Neon, Xenon,

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2976, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
W
LORI
DISCOVERY OF THE CAUSE OF GRAVITATION!
MAGNETISM. ELECTRODYNAMICS, AND OTHER FORCES OF NATURE
EYING THE GEOMETRICAL LAW OF THE INVERSE SQUARES:
WITH COMPLETE MATHEMATICAL and PHYSICAL ANALYSIS,
Based on
Fourier's Wave-Theorem of 1802,
Sin P&d· = 1,
T. J. J. SEE,
In spite of high recommendations by Nikola Tesla (who rejected
Einstein's Theory of Relativity) and by the psychic Edgar ayce and others,
the "Wave-Theory of the Aether" developed in the 1920's by noted astronomer
Capt. I.J.J. See has been completely ignored by modern physicists.
In summary, See explained gravitational, magnetic End electrostatic
fields as longitudinal or compression waves in the sether, of approximately
the same magnitude as the stances over which they operate. Light, heat
and radio are described as transverse or shear waves in the aether. When
the longitudinal aether waves radiating from masses couple, they produce
a relative aether vacuum between them, and the bodies are pushed together
(not pulled) by external aether pressure, The apparent increase of mass
of an accelerating body is caused by increasing drag resistance from the
viscous aether.
If a body is rotated at a certain speed, an associated aether vacuum
is produced which prevents transmission of the gravitational force. This
opens the way to anti-gravity levitation as demonstrated by John Searl,
T.I. Brown, and Laithwaite, Ihe theories and experiments by Charles Brush,
Dr. Hans Wieper, Prof, Nipher and
See's 'Wave Theory of the Aether,, Others also find unification in I.J.J.
In an article written by Nikola Tesla and published in Telegraph &
Telephone Age (Oct. 16, 1922), the great inventor described his Magnifying
Transmitter and Earth resonance, Tesla mentioned Capt. See's theory and
expressed his agreement with it:
"The law of motion can be expressed by stating that the waves on the
terrestrial surface sweep in equal intervals over equal areas, but it must
be understood that the current penetrates deep into the Earth and the effects
produced on the receivers are the same as if the whole flow was confined to
the Earth's axis joining the tramsmitter and the antipode. The mean surface
speed is thus about 471,200 kilometers per second --- 57% greater than that
of the so-called Hertz waves --- which should propagate with the velocity
of light if they exist. The same constant was found by the noted American
astronomer Capt, I.J.J. See in his mathematical investigations, for the
smallest particles of the ether which he fittingly designates as 'aetherons'."
I.J.J. See published & 13-volume set of books titled 'Wave-Theory:
Discovery of the Cause of Molecular Forces (Magnetism, Electrodymanics, and
Other Forces of Nature Obeying the Geometrical law of Inverse Squares...]'
which is exceedingly rare today. He also published a series of eight papers
in the Journal 'Astronomische Nachrichten' which are more accessable. These
have been retrieved by and are available today from Rex Research,

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3379, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RL SCHAPPELER'S DYNOMAGNETIC
ENGINE
Also in the 30's and 40's, an Austrian, Karl
Schappeller, designed a device to test his theory of
ether compression and implosion. Basically, it
consisted of a pair of coils wound onto a hollow
ceramic former shaped spherically and contained in
an iron sphere. The coils were of copper tubing
packed with a permanent electret material of un-
known composition. This constituted what Schap-
peler called the "Dynomagnetic Generator,"
named after the force he claimed accompanied
ether compression. To convert he dynomagnetic
energy to mechanical energy, a rotor was used, also
made from copper tube and packed with the
electret. It is not known whether Schappeler ever
successfully tested his device, nor how conventional
fields of electricity and magnetism acted to produce
the effect (fig. 7).
THE SMITH-KILLICK TENSOR COIL
In the late 50's a few independent researchers in
Canada, led by Wilbert Smith and Kenneth Killick
investigated the peculiarities involving the "cadu-
ceus-wound"
or
*tensor
coil. The apparatus
consists of ordinary insulated copper wire wound in
a double helix configuration around a ferrite core.
I proponents have claimed that it violates Hertzian
stromagnetics when a high frequency current is
injected into it. First, the Tensor coil has zero
impedance. Unlike an ordinary solenoid, when fed
electrical energy the wire in the caduceus coil does
not get hot. Secondly, it has infinite resonance
Unlike an ordinary coil which will resonate at its
natural fundamental frequency, and weakly on the
second or third harmonic, the tensor coil is capable
of resonating strongly on any number of frequencies
randomly spaced in the spectrum. Because of the
unique winding configuration, Ken Killick has
claimed that the field produced from such a coil is a
narrow threadlike beam parallel to the cylindrical
axis. Ken says that the beam is made up of a pre-
ohysical energy he has termed "tachions." These
units are similar to Gerald Feinberg's tachvons,
except for the spelling of the two words.
Corroborating some of these claims is the
evidence of many
nam radio operators and
electronic technicians who have used these coils.
These people reported that the signal pumped into
one coil strangely enough cannot be quantified
(detected) with standard radio frequency apparatus.
One radio amateur found that with two such coils,
one used as transmitter and the other as receiver,
the second would not pick up the signal from the first
unless they were precisely aligned. The fact that this
alignment had to be as critical as that of a laser beam,
ears to support the contention of an emitted thin
chion beam. One key feature of the coil is the
Figure i
A=steel outer casing
B-special ceramic lining in which tubes are
embedded
C=hollow center with poles: filled with glowing
magnetism when stater is in operation
D-Tubes, circuit and "earthing" as explained in
text.
Schappeller Prime Mover
Schematic Diagram
cancellation of magnetic fields due to the oppositely
directed current flow in contiguous windings of the
coil. Some have suggested this may be responsible
for non-coupling of the signal between coils. as well
as time differential effects claimed by the original
investigators to exist beween the coil field and the
outer environment (fig. 8).
Page 10
ENERGY UNLIMITED #15. POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM. 87176

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 906, "chars": 5760, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
86
8) It is olivious that between the bodies in the right
line SA, we shall have for the relative velocity of the wave
senetration
(>G}
But on either side of the line SE the value of f will be
less than in that line, where !!, becomes a maximum, double
the velocity of light.
For the two radii vectores () and ge
meet at an angle /, and the relative velocity of the inter-
penetration in general will be:
g) Thut the waves exist is obvious from several con-
siderations:
a) Forces can only resul: from maximum tension in the
line S.E, and this implies interpenetration of waves; for
no other cause could produce this effect, whereas waves
certainly would do so.
b) Waves also make gravitational forces conform to ether
physical forces, according to the recognized law of con-
servation of energy.
(77)
e) When a known general cause exists, it must be held to
7) It is only beween the bodies in the line SE that
he the true cause, in default of any other known cause.
cos /
1. and the velocity of the relative interpenetration
s a maximum. When the radii vectores meet at right ungles,
d) The probability is infinity to one that no cause other
than a true one could fulfill all the geometrical conditions
the angle /= 90°, and cos/ o, so that d = i only.
of gravitational forces without resting on the true laws
or i; only, as the case may be. If the angle / exceeds go°,
of nature.
the addition in (77) becomes negative, and the value of f,
#) As the wave-theory harmonized all gravitational
is less than fi, or g separately. And when cos/ == 180°,
the addition gives
phenomena under the recognized criteria of least action, and
(75)
without the introduction of any mystical hypothesis, it must
8) From this reasoning it follows that:
from geometrica! and physical laws, be held to represent the
) If the medium contracts owing to the mutual interpene-
true order of nature.
tration of waves, the contraction will be a maximum in
In closing this first paper it remnins to add that the
the right line SE where !, is a maximum.
second paper will deal with the Fourier solutions of the cele
1) The contraction will be xero when / = 185°, and thus
the tension in the medium is wholly between the bedies,
brated equation of Prissar (Traité de Mécanique, 2.697, 1833);
@ (=, 1, =, 4)
or on either side of the line connecting them. It is zero
where O is a scalar quantity, and a the velocity of wave
in the line SE prolonged, but as the waves here superpose,
the pressure or stress will increase externally.
propagation. This applies to wave motion in normal gases,
the aether, and an elastic solid. As the aether is a gas, but
e) This accords with experience in gravitational, mng-
under such elastic forces, that it behaves as an elastie solid
etic, and electrodynamic forces, etc. And as the theory of
for quick acting forces, and is of infinite extent, while on
east action is recognixed to hold generally in nature, this
the other hand Lord Kali's integration of the general.equa-
etrical plan of the contraction of the medium, under
tions of an infinite elastic solid likewise confirms this con-
al wave interpenetration, must be held to conform to
clusion, the deductions thus brought out will establish the
he rigerous criterion of least action or masimum wave inter-
wave-theory with the required geometrical rigor. The out-
cnetration.
This function attains the maximum with least
standing motion of the peribelion of Mercury, and of the
ction of the forces thereby developed; and according to the
lunar perigee, together with the lunar fuctuations, under the
cometrical methods of Meers/rass, this points to a rigorous
Newtoninn law, as generalzed by Weber in 1846, will har
athematical law:
monite every known celestial phenomena without the intro-
C) It is not accidental that the mutual wave inter-
duction of any mystical hypothesis
enetration should be a maximum between the bodies, in the
In the third and fourth papers 1 hope to give a sim
ne SE, a minimum in the line SE prolonged. For as the
plifed view of certain outstanding electrical problems and
ether is under an elastic power of 698 32160000o times
of Afickelew and Ledge's experiments, and throw a very
reater than that of air in proportion to its density, the
unexpected, but searching light on the nature of molecular
edium will always contract to the maximum extent possible,
forces. This the several fields covered will lead us to apply
nd thus pell in the right line connecting the twe bodies SA.
the wave-theory to such varied phenomena of nature, that
lence if the postulated waves exist, the waves superposed
it may not be without interest to both the geometer and the
eing accumulated with the mass, they will fully explain the
natural philosopher.
upendous gravitational forces which govern the motions of
I am indebted to Mr. W. S. Trankle, for efficient aid
e planets.
in completing these researches.
Starlight on Loutre, Montgomery City, Missouri, 1030 Jan. 14.
I. J. J. See.
Zusatz.
Am ag. April sandte Herr Prof, See telegraphisch folgende Nathricht: »Have discovered from wave
eory new method for determining density of aether, only advance since Lord Kelvin's method 1854. Now find dansity
72X10- against 438x 1o-" by Kelvin's method.
See.a
Zum Nordlicht 1920 März 22. Zu Riesenburg (y = + 53° 46, 2 = 10° 12' östl, Gr.) hat Herr Cari Fratke
is Phahomen in besonderer Stärke und Schönheit beobachtet, mit doppeltem Lichtbogen und Draperien, sowie mit deutlicher
eleuchtung der Häuser. Sollte sich ein Bearbeiter für das in den A.N. und anderwärts veröffentlichte Material finden,
wäre ich gern bereit, ihm den ausfilhrlichen Bericht aus Riesenburg sowie sonstige bei der V.A.P. einlaufende Mit-
lungen zur Verfügung zu siellen.
Mister, 1920 April 19.
3. Plassmann
19

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 728, "chars": 4817, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
84
to which the cemponents (P, Q, K) belong - corresponding
to a homogeneous elastic solid, or a mass of incompressible
liquid held in a rigid vessel, with the density so distributed
as to be in equilibrium, The second equation of (07) is
satished by this condition, and we have,
(7 =)
Accordingly by (42) we have the original equation of an
elastic solid:
(72)
which is satished by the assumption & = - Wf/(w +«).
The Aether as an Infinite Elastic Solid.
Hence if this analysis apples to the sether, as an
infinite elastic solid, the density of the medium must be
arranged so as to give a potential augmenting about each
mass of matter embedded in it, as shown in my Dynamical
Theory of Globular Clusters, 1912.
This latter condition of
the potential is described analytically as follows:
e dr dy de
and the inference, from Dynamical Theory, that the potential
is greater towards the centres of matter, finds obvious physical
illustration in the accumulated arrangement of globular clusters,
with the starlight increasing in brightness till it attains a
perfect blaze near the centre, in such splendid globular clusters
as 47 Tucani and & Centauri.
This increase in potential towards the centres occupied
by matter can only be attributed to centripetal stresses in
the aether: the medium is thus filled with waves receding
. from these masses, and the density in the agitated medium
is inversely as the wave amplitude or directly as the radius
(cf. Electrod. Wave-Theory of Phys, Forc. 1.134, 157-8, 1917).
Since the dilatation
6 = 0u/0x+0p/2+0x/0=
(74)
is required to fulfil the equation
the potential M. This gives a geometrical and physical sig
nificance to the potential, which hithento has been entirely
locking, and long proved bewildering to the geometer and
the natural philosopher.
2. If this were not true, the general equations for an
infinite elastic solid could not have been integrated by Lord
Areir as outlined above (cf. Cambridge and Dublin Mathe-
matical Journal, 1848). But as this celebrated geometer ef.
fected such on integration for the general equations of an
infinite isottopic elastie solid, without giving a physical inter-
pretation to the solution found, we see that Lord Adler's
mathematical genius builded better than he knew, and natural
philosophers are now enabled for the first time to interpret
physically one of the sublimest results in the whole range
of mathematical science
Newley surmised that if the density of the nether varied
directly as the distance from the centre, it would press towards
the centre so as to develop the force of gravitation. Mavelf
holds that Newfor conceived this action as analogous to
hydrostatic pressure, but we have shown that the reaction of
the waves with amplitudes a k/r produces this arrangement
of density and would generate an effect similar to mere
hydrostatic pressure (ef. Electred. Wave-Theory of Phys. Forc.,
1.134: 19177
Why the Forces between the Sun and Planets
Operate in Right Lines: Weierstrassian Theory of
the Resulting Least Action.
«) Imagine waves propagated from the sun and earth
is shown in the accompanying diagram: and let the velocitie:
of the mutually interpenetrating waves from the centres 3
and E be K, and y
(75)
where I is the potential, we see at once that the dilatation
throughout the aether is similar to the potential. The potential
is merely an expression for the total accumulated stress based
on average amplitude of the waves, 4 = 4/r, and the density
. = Vr, and the attractive force /=/°=//= - M/.
This proves the Electred. Wave-Theory of Phys, Forc, to
represent the true order of nature.
Accordingly, we have the following table for the dis-
placement or wave amplitude, density, potential and force:
Displacement or amplitude 4 = 4/r
Density of the pether a = vr, v = 1/4
Potential = / = M/r
Fig: 4. Illustration of the interpenetration of waves berween the sun and
Since the direction of the force always is central, and
earth, which gives maxhout tension along the line 52, where
the waves react towards the origin at the centre of gravity,
the interpenetration is with double the velocity of light.
we conclude from this whole investigation:
The problem arises as to the effect of the relative inter-
1. That the aether behaves as an infinite neolotropic
penetration of the waves, the velocities I and y being
elastic solid, with displacements everywhere identical with
equal, but the amplitude and direction of propagation different
the electrodynamic wave amplitude & and also identical with
at every point of space.
* By referring to fig, 1, section 2, we see the physical meaning of this equation: the nether has dilatation, & = / near the sur.
owing to the increasing amplitude of the waves,
This dilatation and decreased density of the medium exists about every star and planet.
18

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 3006, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8 1
5044
8 2
By substituting for d" its value in (56), we obtain expressions for e, 8,y depending on the sums of a sextuple
integral and a triple integral, the integrations having to be performed from -∞o to Hoe:
de dy de+ p" de dy" de"
de dy' d="+ 2" da" dy" ds".
1-*)+[-17+(=-F
Lord Arin shows how to simplify these sextuple integrals, and obtains the following general solution for the
displacements produced by any distribution of force through an infinite elastic solid filling all space (limits of integration
as before -pe and +0o):
2477 1 10+ m
2 (=+3x) 2
This whole investigation is based upon the integration
of the general equations for an infinite isotropic elastic selid:
ch implies that the density throughout all space shall be
•tal to c as denned by (46).
Lord Kelvin's definition of X, Y, Z as any arbitrary
functions whatever of (a, y, =), either discontinuous and va-
nishing at all points outside some finite closed surface, or
continuous and vanishing at all infinitely distant points with
sufficient convergency to make the product of their resultant
8 = 1(X + 1+2), by the distance
namely Ry, converge to zero as y approaches infinity, implies
that the density may vary through changes in the differential
(*3)
as shown below
But no other changes than those in V°W, the Laplacian
operation on the potential can occur: and even this is chiefly
at the boundaries of solid bodies. Accordingly it becomes
advisable to investigate these possible changes a little more
12. Geometricaland Physical Conditions which
the Forces generated must satisfy.
Suppose X, Y, Z to denote the components of the forces
acting on an element of the solid dm — e da dy de, temporarily
imagined to be fluid at (ry a reckoned per unit of the
mass. Then the difference of the pressures on the two faces
oy ds of the rectangular parallelopiped of the fluid is
(64)
and this fluid element will be in equilibrium when the
following entations are satisfied:
(65)
which give the necessary and sufficient condition for the
equilibrium of apy fluid mass:
dp/dx = X
(66)
From these equations we obtain immediately
(67)
This equation shows that X dx + Y'dy +Z ds is the completed
differential of a function # (%,, =) of three independent va
riables, or may be made so by a factor. Physically this is
equivalent to concluding that the pressure in the fuid is along
the lines of force, and thus a series of surfaces exists which cuts
the lines of force at right angles. If the forces belong to
a conservative system, say when a gravitational mass has
attained a state of internal equilibrium, as in the theory of the
figures of the heavenly bodies, no fector is required to render
the differential complete, and we may put
(68)
￾ (69)
or by (67)
This expression shows that the pressure P is constant over
the equipotential surfaces,
(т•)
and the density also is a function of the potential I
This
condition arises when the density of the body is' uniform,
over the equipotentin surfaces, for the distribution of force
17

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2681, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
79
an infaite elastie solid (ef. Cambridge and Dublin Mathe
matical Journal, 1848).
It may be noted that the density of an isotropic solid
which does not vary with the ccordinates (x, j.=), is expressed
Ạạby the ratio,
5044
So
| if
(se)
or the density is defined by the expression:
(43)
But by Pisser's equation we have
(44)
(45)
By comparing (43) and (45), we find that if a moss
of density,
(+6]
be distributed throughout space, we may conclude that its
potential at (x, y, =) will be identical with the dilatation of
the elastic solid substance:
For if we divide (42) by (w+»), and subtract from
it the first of (44), we get:
which gives
This specifes the density throughout space of the infinite
isotropic solid, that of the finite solid body in (42) being
unty per unit of volume
To reach Lord Kelvin's result most directly, we let R
denote the resultant of the forces, X, Y, Z, at any point
(a) 4), at the distance r = V(x"+y* +2) from the origin,
whether discontinuous and vanishing in ell points outside
some finite closed surface, or continuous and vanishing at all
infinitely distant points with sufficient convergency to maze
Re converge to e as r increases to do Then the con
vergency of Xr, Yr, Zr to zero, when r is infinite, clearly
mukes / = o for all infinitely distant paints. Accordingly
if S be any closed surface round the origin of coordinates,
everywhere infinitely distant from it, the function (0 - P) is
zero for all points of it, and satisfes the equation V° (8 -/)
= o for ll peints within it. Therefore & l' throughout
the infinite isotropic solid.
Now let X, Y, 2' denote the values of X, Y, 2 at any
point (r, J) z), and by a triple integration throughout all space,
we shall have for the potential I or dilatation 8:
•00 + 00 +00
(5=)
For the element of the mass is *
and the mutual distances of the elements of mass filling the element of space da dy da is
• (53)
(54)
These expressions may be rendered more convenient by integrating by parts, and noticing the prescribed con-
dition of convergence, according to which when x'
is infinite,
(55)
And, therefore, Tor the three components of finite value, resolved along the coordinate axes, and integrated throughout
(56)
We may integrate each of the equations (38) in the same way, for «, &, y respectively. The result for these
displacements 19:
where «, a, w, U, V, W denote the potentials at (s, J, =) of distributions of matter through all space of densities respectively
(m/4/m) 00/02
X/47 x
(57)
(58)
In other words the functions are such that throughout all space
(59)
Accordingly, if X", Y", Z" denote the values of X, Y, 2 for a point (a", J", s"), we find
+00+00
(60)
0 100 +
-00-00-00
16

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2383, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
78
Let r, 8, y be the component displacements experienced by a particle, so that when undisturbed the coordinates
are 4, 5, 2, and when disturbed =+ a, y+8, 2+y
Then a strain of any magnitude is specifed by six elements:
1 = (2
* 81 8=
Bự 3n + (8 1)88 - ộý (ốx ++)
฿ =
+
(33)
бу +
+ı)
All particles in an unstrained state, which lie on a spherical surface:
08105
+ Bx0
+ 1) + rai
(34)
will, in a strained state, lie on an ellipsoidal surfoce:
(35)
Accordingly, if the external forces at / (ry s) along the axes of x, J 5, be X, Y, 2, per unit of mass, and the
internal stresses be:
(35)
(de + 40y + de) deduds =
dS
+ de) da dy ds.
Then the equilibrium of all the forces, internal and external, leads to the following equation:
›d×
+ SE
+ + px) dededs = o
+ dO + d5
d.x
(37)
• dx
These are the general equations of equilibrium of an elastic solid, when subjected to strain by any system of
forces, internal and external.
For an isotropie solid, the equations become much simplified. Using w = 4+an, as in (31), we find the well
known formulae for an elastic solid, of density e per unit volume, (ef. Themson and Jan, Treatise on Natural Philosophy,
edition 1883. 9 608)
(38)
dy
When an elastic substance is strained, as in the pro- x, y, & respectively, and add the results, we shall get the-
pagation of waves, its different elements undergo changes
equation for an Isotropic Solid:
both of form and of volume.
(42)
Let
denote the amount of dilatation in volume experienced by
serined o
(3g)
11. Identity of the Dilatation
an element of the substance and put
(40)
for the Laplacian operation: then we shall be able to reduce
these expressions (38) to the very simple form:
Now when the solid is isotropie, the density may be
omitted in these formulae, or taken as unity. Accordingly
if we differentiate these successive equations with respect to
with the Potential / for an Infinite Elastic Solid:
Confirmation of the Wave-Theory by Lord Keivin's
Integrals of 1848
It is remarkable that under certain conditions, to be
more fully discussed hereafter, the equations of an infinite
elastic solid admit of a very simple interpretation.
This
amounts to admiting the identity of the dilatation a with
the potential I, in the case of an infinite elastic solid,
Indeed it was upon this tacit assumption, seventy two years
ago, that Lord Arlein obtained his celebrated integrals for
15

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 1043, "chars": 6333, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
katr
(zg)
and as the force due to wave action is shown, in works on
physics, to be proportional to the square of the amplitude,
we have for the force:
(з•)
which is the form of law for gravitation, magnetism, and all
similar forces of nature obeying the law of the inverse squares.
Now let the waves from magnet B interpenetrate the
waves from magnet 4. It will be seen that at every point
of space the rotations of the elements of the two sets of
waves are exactly opposite: the result is that the rotations
from magnet & undo as far as possible the opposite rotatious
from magnet 4. Accordingly the stresses in the medium due
to rosations of the aether, in the field between A and A,
and also beyond 4 and B, are reduced: the medium is thus
everywhere less agitated than before, and shrinks, so as to
collapse or contract between 4 and B. But a collapse of
the aether is equivalent to a contraction, and thus the two
bodies attract as if held together by a stretched muss of
india rubber. This is a simple and direct explanation of
attraction. Nothing is postulated except waves like those
known to exist in light and heat, but here seen to be ex-
actly parallel and somewhat differently directed from those
of light and heat, which usually have their planes tilted in
haphazard fashion.
B) The cause of repulsion is similar to that of at-
traction, but in this case the poles presented are like; and
if we examine the above diagram, we discover that when
the waves from magnet E, and case, interpenetrate the waves
from magnet 4, the rotations at every point will be con-
formable and in the same direction, The medium therefore
at every point is more agitated than before. The amplitudes
of the disturbed waves are thereby increased, and hence
there is an increase of stress; and under the elasticity of
the aether the result is an expansion of the medium, which
gives a mutual repulsion of the two bodies.
This is a simple explanation of repulsion, and it had
never been worked out prior to the researches published by
the writer in 1917. Maxwell was unable to conceive of any
mechanism for the explanation of attraction and repulsion
of magnets, though he found that mathematical stresses of
a certain type, yielding tension along the lines of force and
pressure at right angles thereto, thus dynamically equivalent
to those outlined above, would account for the phenomena
of magnetism.
It is true that Maxwell believed that there are rotations
around the Faraday lines of force, as Lord Kelvis had also
rendered probable as early as 1856; but neither AefuiẠinor
• Maxwell had seen that this would arise from the type of
waves here outlined, though Faraday's experiment of 1845,
on the rotation of the plane of a beam of polarixed light,
- when passed along the line of force, through a dense
medium such as lead glass, - should have suggested the
correct theory of the magnetic waves to Kelviv and Maxwell,
as it did to me in 1916.
As Maxwell was unable to unlock the secret of mag
netism, with both attraction and repulsion, it will not greatly
surprise us to learn that he was utterly bewildered by the
75
mystery of gravitation, and could not make a successful attack
upon this most difficult problem.
In fact no considerable progress as te the cause of
gravitation has been made by other investigators since the
time of Nester. As the subject of gravitation is immense,
we must not enter upon is here, except to say that the evidence
is most conclusive that it is a wave-phenomenon, closely allied
to that of magnetism, but differing from magnetism which
has a parallel arrangement of the atoms and what airy calls
(Treatise on Magnetism, 1810, p. 10) a duality of powers -
two poles - while gravitation is a central netion only, owing
to the haphazard arrangement of the planes of the atoms.
It is well known tha: about 1822 Awere first made
electro-magnets out of common steel, by means of an electric
current sent through a selenoid, The way in which the wire
is wound about the bar being magnetized suggests, and, in
fact, proves that the wire bearing the current has a wave-feld
about it. There is proof that the waves are fut in the planes
through the axis of the wire: this conception harmonizes all
the known phenomena of magnetism, in relation to electro-
dynamic action, and also harmonizes dampere's theory of ele
mentary electric currents about the atoms with the wave theory
of magnetism above set forth.
The wave-theory of megnetism explains all the phe-
nomena of terrestrial magnetism, in relation to the periodic
influences of the sun and moen, such as magnetic storms,
eurth currents, the aurora, and the semi diumal magnetic tide
depending on the moon, of which no other explanation is
known. For the dependence of magnetic storms on sunspots
consult a paper by the author, in the Bulletin Societe Astr.
de France, November, 1018.
There has been such a bewildering confusion of thought
connected with the whole subject of physical action across
space that it is necessary to bear in mind clearly the fun-
damental principles of natural philosophy. In the well known
article on attraction, (Scientific Papers, vol, 2.481), Afaxwell
points out that in the Optical Queries included in the third
edition of the Optics, 1721, Aewder shows that if the pressure
of the aethereal mecium is less in the neighborhood of dense
bodies than at great distances from them dense bodies will
be drawn towards each other, and if the diminution of
pressure is inversely as the distance from the dense body.
the law will be that of gravitation. Maxwelf considers that
Newtow's conception rests largely on the iden of hydrostate
pressure, as in incompressible liquids. But we have shown that
the amplitude of the waves, 4 = A/r, with forces f = /r*,
fulfills the condition which Newton held to be essential
10. Integration of the General Differential
Equations of an Elastic Solid, which applies to the
Aether, when this Medium is viewed as an Infinite
Acolotropie Elastic Solid propagating Waves
As is usual in the theory of an elastic solid, let w
denote a function of the bulk modulus 4, and of the rigidity n,
such that
Then 4 = w-g», and this bulk modulus measures the
elastie force called out by, or the elastic resistance against,
change of volume. On the other hand the «compressibility‹
is measured by
(32)
14

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 817, "chars": 5089, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
73
5044
*It has been defnitely proved that we can receive
signals from stations hundreds of miles away without any
oh receiving acrial, but merely by connecting one terminal
the receiving circuit to earth, and the other terminal to
any large well-insulated mass of metal, whether inside or
outside of a house does not matter«,
If 1 understand the difficulties so lucidly outlined by
Floming, they will be found to have proceeded from the
inadequate theory of the nether heretofore in use, the dis-
eussion being based upon diffraction around the earth, in-
stead of upon refraction and dispersion within the denser
mass of the earth, and thee a bending of the wave front.
This will sufficiently justify this quotation, since it is essential
that the difficulties heretofore encountered should be autho
ritatively described. The reader can then judge as to whether
a simpler and more practicable solution of this problem has
been obtained.
As to the feebleness of wireless transmission by day,
I have reached the settled conviction that it results from
the magnetic wave field of the sun. When this storm of
waves fills our air by day, the wireless waves have great
difficulty in getting through,
- just as any system of regular
water waves in a lake, used for signalling across it, would
be almost lost in distinctness, owing to the surface churning
of the lake under the violence of a wind storm.
The trans-
mission is more difficult with the distance, and, after a certain
distance, entirely fails. At night the sun's magnetic wave field
is largely absent, and thus wireless transmission is much better.
It only remains to add that the celebrated argument
of Cauchy, to the effect that refractive dispersion of light
necessarily implies a gramilar structure in the transparent
ter, is equally vald for showing that the nethereal medium
self is corpuscular. In his Popular Lectures and Addresses
1.100, Lord Keir has modified Canchy's theory of refractive
dispersion in his usual lucid manner. It is believed that the
considerations adduced in this paper will render the arguments
of both Cauchy and Kevin somewhat more definite and
interesting.
Fig 3
Electrodynamie wave-theory of magnetic attraction and repulsion.
When the actheron is so small, and moving so rapidly,
the generation and propagation of waves in the sether is
intelligible, The refractive dispersion, by the resistance to
the waves from the much larger molecules of ordinary matter;
is easily understood; and thus refractive dispersion implies
in common matter, coarser granules than those of the medium
itself, but yet points to the moving aetherons as easily deranged
by the resistance of the waves dispersed.
It will be shown hereafter that resistance soon changes
the form of the wave, and causes it to break up into two
distinct parts, the larger having increased amplitude,, and
shorter length, hence encountering more resistance than the
priginal wave. It is certain therefore that we not only have
retardation in the propagation through the garth, but also
dispersion of the fragmentary waves, and absorption of some
of their energy as heat.
9. Outlines of the Wave-Theory of Magnetism,
with explanation of the mecbanism of Attraction
and Repulsion.
For the sake of completeness the present investigation,
requires a brief notice of the cause of attraction and repulsion
in magnets, and in electrodynamic action, as first outlined
in the vol. 1, Electrod. Wave-Theory of Phys. Fore., 1917
Accordingly we begin with magnetism, which the celebrated
English physicist Answell had been so long engiged upon,
bat had failed to solve at the time of his death 40 years ago
The necompanying figure from the work of 1917 will
illustrate to the eye the essential character of a magnet, as
conceived in the wave theory of physical forces. A large
magnet A is exhibited in the same field with two smaller
magnets, /. In the first ease unlike poles are presented, and
we have mutual attraction. In the second case the poles
presented are like, with the well known result of mutual
repulsion. But how does this attraction and repulsion come
about? What mechanism is involved, and in what medium
does it work? Obviously the medium is the aether, because
an electric current produces a magnet from a piece of steel
wound in a solenoid, and because also the electrodynamic
action of a current travels with the ve
locity of light, as was first inferred by
Maxwell, and afterwards proved by ex-
periment.
A) In the case of attraction, it will
be seen tha: the waves from the small
- magnet & have the elements of the acther
rotating in the opposite direction to the
rotations in the more fully outlined waves
from the magnet A. The plane waves
from A are to be imagined, for the sake
of simplicity, in the central plane, or
equator, and travelling away with the ve-,
locity of light, - for the reason just as-
signed in electrodynamic action, by which
magnets are produced.
As shown graphically, by the curve
traced just above the heavy waves in the
figure, the amplitude of these receding
waves decreases according to the law:
13

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 890, "chars": 5599, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
73
outline of the Electrod. Wave-Theory of Phys. Forc.• the
following figure was used to illustrate the propagation of wire-
less waves around the earth.
1 Fig. 2. Illustration of the refraction of the wireless wave about the
earth, and of light in a prism, owing to slewer propagation
of waves in dense masses,
It is a sufficient explanation of this figure to say that
it corresponds exactly with the propagation of light through
a glass prism, as shown in the figure of the prisin above.
• The wireless waves travel faster in air than through the solid
The enormous elasticity of the aether, as set forth
in section 4, prevents bodily rupture of the medium: and
this secures continuity of the wave front, by bending the
surface backward near the globe, to correspond to the slower
propagation in that dense mass. The retardation of the waves
propagated straight through the earth causes the wave front
to be bent and held back near the curved surface of the
earth, and thus the wireless wave is refracted around the
earth by the much greater resistance encountered in that
solid mass.
The correct theory of the bending of the wireless wave
about the globe is thus the same as that of a ray of ligh!
by & prism, as shown in the accompanying figure. The speed
in the air is 4, but in the glass only 3, and thus there is
a bending of the wave front through the angle 8 when the
light enters the glass, and also when it leaves the glass, as
long recognized by physical investigators.
The explanation of the refraction of light in a prism
is directly confirmed by Foucaulf's celebrated experiment on
the relative velocity of light in air and in water, (Annales de
Chim. et de Phys. Ser. 3, t. 41, 1854), which has always been
recognized as, a crucial test of the wave theory of light, and
which finally led to the total rejection of the emission theory.
The simplicity of the above explanation of the propa-
gation of wireless waves about the globe is thas remarkable.
But it is also confirmed experimentally by observations made
by officers of the American Navy, upon wireless waves sent
from Mare Island to San Diego, California, and received by
submarines lying on the bed of the sea, through a depth of
some 3e metres of sea water. In some experiments with the
receiving apparatus underground the same effect was observed
It appears that the earth also conducts the signals, so that
wireless apparatus may be installed and used in deep mines,
which would enormously increase the power of signalling in
case of accidents interrupting communication by the shafts
and tunnels.
It is probable, however, that the irregularity in the
structure and conducting power of the earth's strata would
somewhat handicap such underground signalling, yet not
prevent the successful development of the method of sigaalling
through the earth to the limited depths at which miners work
The problem of explaining the propagation of wireless
waves about the earth has hitherto challenged the ingenuity
of the foremost mathematicians. It has been unsuccessfully
attacked by Professor H. M. Mardonald (Proc. Roy. Soc. 1903
and Phil, Trans, 1910), Lord Kayleigh and Prof. #. Poincare
(Proc, Roy, Soc, 1903), See also Poincar's Lectures of 1908
(La Lumière Électrique, vol. 4, and series, Nov. 28, Dec. 5
12, 19, 1908, especially p. 323). Professor 4. Sonner/eld
(Ann. der Phys., vol. 28, p. 665, 1909) has shown that a
surface wave should exist: and Professor J.W. Nichoison
(in the Phil. Mag., March, April, May, 1910) has dealt with
certain problems of the exponential factor of the wave am-
plitude, but none of these eminent mathematicians arrived at
any satisfactory theory of wave propagation abou: the globe.
In his well known work on the Principles of Electric
Wave Telegraphy and Telephony, London, 3" edition, 1915,
p. 835-851, Professor 7. 4. Fleming gives a full and accurate
account of the difficulty experienced by these and other
mathematicians, In this revised edition of 1916, Flewig
gives the following: *General conclusions as to the mode
of propagation of long electric waves, round the earths,
•Summing up the conclusions so far reached by radio
telegraphists we may say that the effect produced by a radio-
telegraphic transmitter at a great distance, say 2000 or 6o0o
miles over the surface of the earth, is a complex one in
which several different actions play a parts,
*There is, first, a propagation through the sether of
true space electromagnetic wave which is diffracted round
the earth. The extent to which this contributes to the whole
effect is, perhaps, greater than was formerly supposed, but
is yet an undetermined quantity, Some mathematicians are
now inclined to attribute to it the major portion of the
transmission by day«.
*Then in the nex: place there is undoubtedly a con-
tribution made to the effect by waves which have suffered
a refraction equivalent to a refection by ionized air at high
altitudes, and a very small effect due to the decrease in
refractive index of air as we ascend upwards«.
*These causes tend to make the ray follow round the
curvature of the earth and so assist as it were diffraction.
It is to this variable lonic refraction that we must attribute
the diurnal and annual variations in signal strength, and also
the greater signalling distance by night as well as the irre
gularities attending the transition times of sunrise and sunsets.
•Then in addition we may inquire how far any con-
tribution is made by a surface wave of the type investigated
by Sowwerfeld, which is equivalent to an electric wave pro-
pagated through or along the earth».
12.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 955, "chars": 6082, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5044
70
to the state of darkness, relative to the invisible acthereal
medium, existing at the close of the 181 century, Laplace
btless considered it sfficient to deal with exprexsions
ch give the forces acting on the planets, without inqutring
into the geometrical nature and physical mechanism involved
in the generation of these forces, which were then helieved
to lie beyond the reach of the investigator.
After the development of Faradar's Experimental Re-
searches in Electricity, and Maxwells mathematical inter-
pretation of these results, very different views came to be
entertained by geometers and natural philosophers. Vet it
was only the developments brought out in the »Electrod
Wave Theory of Phys, Fore,, which seemed to justify definite
expectations of forming clear geometrical and plysienl con-
ceptions of the mechanism involved in the action of the
magnetic and the planetary forces across space. Recently
these conceptions have been verified and extended, and
therefore we shall here attempt to give a geometrical and
physical interpretation of the potential which so long proved
bewildering to the physical mathematician,
In the »Electrod. Wave-Theory of Phys. Forc.", 1017,
p. 134, it is pointed out that if waves be the basis of physical
action across space, then the amplitude of such waves when
propagated spherically and without resistance, in tridimensional
space, will be given by the equation:
A = k/r.
(=6)
In an address to the Academy of Sciences of St. Louis,
Sept. 21, 1012, 1 gave this simple formula and pointed out
its geometrical and physical significance. Professors 4. E.
Nicker, E. A. Engler and other physicists were present and
ed great interest in the results announced, from which
it would appear that this law had largely or entirely escaped
the notice of earlier investigators.
Now by comparing this expression (26) with that in
(as) above, we notice that the wave amplitude has the same
form as the potential defined by Laplace in 1782.
The
question thus arises: Can the coincidence in form be due
to chance, or is the potential in fact an analytical expression
for the total aether stress due to the superposition of waves
from all the atoms, each of the waves being of the average
wave amphtude, appropriate to the coordinates in the field
of force about an attracting mass? To get at the truth in
this interesting inquiry, we notice that Laplace's formula of
1782 integrates the mass of every particle of the attracting
body, divided by its distance, which corresponds to a sim-
mation of the effects due to the superposed wave amplitudes
and thus increases directly as the mass, each set of waves
superposed from the atoms in any element addrds/r,
being independent of all the rest, but the triple integral
inchiding the accumalated wave action of the whole mass:
V = Mr =
since the element of mass dw = a da dy da can be made so
small as to apply to every single particle or atom,
A: first sight the mere feet that the polential as thus
defined follows the law of wave amplitude in tridimensional
spince strikingly suggests that the wave-theory represents the
order of nature.
To find out by exact calculation what is
the probability of such a coincidence occurring by mere
chance, we may proceed as follows.
Taking the expressions for two independent curves,
the amplitude and the petential, we have:
(=7)
It will be noticed that they belong to the same geometrical
species - both being rectangular hyperbolas referred to their
asymptotes - and can be made identical throughout, from
* = o 10 = = ce, by introducing a summtion 2, such
that 2% = M.
Accordingly it appears that by the mere variation of
a parameter the curves are made to coincide rigorously, point
by point, from x = o to x= ∞o, Therefore the chances
against such a rigorous coincidence accidentally occurring
Ihroughont infinite space, *
= p to * = co, becomes in-
finity to one, or,
C -
dx = 0
(28)
The elements under the integral signs represent the
individual potentials of every particle, and thus the potential
ncreases directly as the mass whose wave-effeets are inter
grated.
This conforms rigorously to our conceptions of the
Newtewian law of attraction, and involves no approximation,
and thus itx actual occurrence points unmistakably to a true
law of nature.
It seems therefore certain and incontestible that the
potential represents geometrically and physically the, total
accumulated stress due to the whole mass under the average
wave amplitude of the field about the attracting body in question.
It is to be noticed mise that physically our definition
of the potential confirms this conclusion. In free space there
is no cause to alter the spherical distribution of the waves,
as they expand with incrense of r. But in or near the shadows
of the earth, as shown in the »Electrod. Wave-Theory of
Phys. Forc.*, a circular refraction of the sun's waves will
necessarily occur. The sun's potential varies, even at a
constant distance, near the shadow of the earth; and owing
to this refraction, fluctuations of the moon's motion should
arise near the time of lunar eclipses, as fully explained in
this work of 1917. This circular refraction of the electro
dynamic waves in passing through the earth's mass changes
the potential or total accumulated stress due to the integration
of the waves from all the atoms, under the average wave
amplitude and distribution of the waves in the space near
the shadow of the earth: and therefore alse the sun's forces
acting on the moon.
Partially released from the sun's control, by the inter-
position of the body of the earth, with its refractions of the
sun's wave field, the moon tends to fly the tangen: while
traversing the region of the shadow cone, and thus arise
the fluctuations of the moon's mean motion, connected with
lunar eclipses, which long perplexed Laplace, Hansen, Netocond,
Hill, Brown and other astronomers.
8. Explanation of the Propagation of the Wire-
less Waves around the Earth
In the unpublished manuscript sent by the writer to
the Royal Society in November, 1914, which was the first

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 933, "chars": 5923, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
67
5044
68
past each other, In this way, the experiments on diffusion
If the molecule of Hydrogen be taken to have a reains
have given us the viscosity of air and other gases.
of 1-34X 10*, that of the setheron becomes
The mean free path, for example, follows quite acca-
• = 1.34Xio-/4000 = 3-340X10-", nearly: (24
rately the law:
1 = 3×/0₽
(20]
To form a convenient picture of the small size of the
where * is the viscosity of the gas, and f the mean velocity
actheron compared to the Hydrogen molecule, we muy recall
of the molecule in ems per second, and p the absolute density.
the triting height of a mountain a mile bigh compared to
It is important to notice that in the case of the aether,
the immense radius of the earth, If other molecules be larger*
viscosity passes into rigidity, by a process of reasoning fully
than Hydrogen, as is generally supposed to be true, then the
explained in Daniel"s Principles of Physics, 3 ed., 1895,
astheron will be a small globe of the size of a moderate
p. 227. In calculating the mean free path of the aetheron,
mountain peak 10900 feet high, so that the various molecules
we use the rigidity of the aether at the solar surface, 180o,
will resemble Venus and the earth, Uranus and Neptune, Jupiter
because both the density and rigidity of the aether vary with
and Saturn.
the distance from the sun, as already explained in section a
To fix upon a more familiar everyday image of this
Thus for the atheron the mean free path is /-
= 572959 kms.
world structure, we may imagine a box filled with large
oranges, and the finest dust, like that of lime, or smoke
It is a fundamental doctrine in the kinetic theory of
from a cigar, penetrating the relatively vast spaces between
gases that all gases have an equal number of molecules in unit
volume, under like conditions of temperature and pressure; but
the oranges, which however should not be in contact, but
in rapid motion, If now the cigar smoke, or the particles
is is not yet possible to decide on the absolute value of this
number, different estimates being indicated by various eminent
of lime dust, be imagined to have stupendous velocity, Aying
authorities:
hither and thither with inconceivable speed, and thus moving
N= 19×10 (Maxwell), N= 1000X10
(Crookes), N= 6000 × 1015 (Kelvin).
with the utmost freedom in the open spaces between the
oranges, as well as outside of them, we shall have a very
About all we can say is that the number of molecules
good image of the behavior of the aether in respect to matter
in a cubic centimetre of gas at the ordinary temperature and
The nether not only penetrates all matter freely, but
pressure probably is not smaller than that assigned by Mowwell,
N= 19 × 10", the latest determination being 27 X 1e! (cf.
even waves in it pass through all physical bodies, with only
the hindrance incident to refraction and dispersion such as
Crottier, Molecular Physics, Phila., 1914, P. 3).
we see in light.
The refraction is due to the unequal re-
Using the value for the aether,
sistance offered by matter to the advance of the wave front,
= =471239000m
and the dispersion to unequal resistance to various wave
and for Hydrogen, f, = 1859 m
lengths: Shorter waves encounter relatively more resistance,
we have by the principle first enunciated by Maxwed (Scient.
because their oscillations are more rapid, and thus the aether
Pap. 2-365), that ›on the average every molecule great or
yields and adapts itself less easily to the resisting molecules
small will have the same energy of motions, the equation:
in the path of the waves, when the waves are shors, and
(21)
the changes, due to their advaace, extremely rapid.
which gives
7. The geometrical and physical significance
My = m (1859 *) /(471239000)* = 15,56232×10-1. (22)
of the potential.
Thus it follows that an aetheron has a mass of 15-56 millionths
In the Mémoires of the Paris Academy of Sciences for
of a millionth of the mass of a Hydrogen molecule. This is
1782, p. 113, Lap/ace introduces the use of the analytical
equivalent to 2.7380 × 10 of an electron, or about one
expression since known as the potential, from the designation
thirty-six millionth of an electron.
first used in 1828 by the English mathematician George Green
If we take the density of the aetheron as equal to that
(Essay on the application of mathematical analysis to the
of the Hydrogen molecule, we find by calculation that the
theories of electricity and magnetism, Nottingham, 1828),
radius of the aetheron is equivalent to
The potential is defined thus:
V= M =
· = 1/4005.36 •H
(23)
or one four-thousand-and-fifth of the radius of a Hydrogen
molecule. This explains why the aether so readily penetrates
This expression has come into the most extensive use in all
all bodies, even the most solid. It makes the size of an
the physical sciences, and been of the highest service in the
aetheron to a molecule of Hydrogen as a globe two miles
mathematical theory of gravitational attraction, magnetsm
in diameter is to the earth. Between masses as large as our
electrodynamic action, and also in theory of static electricity.
terrestrial globe or larger, globes two miles in diameter would
But it is very remarkable that up to the present time
freely penetrate in great numbers, even if the larger globes
an expression of such universal use has no: been given a
were in contact, which of course is not the case with any
clear geometrical or physical interpretation:
The difficulty
solid or liquid, and still less is this true of a gas, in which
doubtless arose originally from beliefs like that expressed by
the molecules are separated by distances relatively immense
Laplace, in the opening paragraph of the Mec. cel. 1, 1799.
in comparison with the diameters of the molecules.
that the »nature of force is now and always will be unknowns.
*) Joul's value of molecular velocity of Hydruger, which makes the setheron perhaps a fittle too large.
10

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 812, "chars": 5657, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
65
5044
66
Gas
Table for Comparing the Physical Properties of the Acther with well known Terrestrial Gases.
Collisions per
second til
- 8 percent, for
collision rebound
Redii of molecules
Mean veloeity of
molecule f
Molecular wt.
(7 - 1)
Coefficient of
viscosity × at o° C.
Mean free path
1 - знірі
esteulated by four
independent pro-
resses, except in the
case of the aether
Aether
47 123 000000 cms
15-56x10-1:
1800
57 295 900 000 cms
2:537×10-12
- 572959 kms
(= 1/4005 of H)
Air
49800
14.43
0.0001724
6 0000059 cms
7765X10*
1.86× 10-฿
Hydrogen
185000
0.0050867
00000116
14743X10
1.34X1D-8
Helium
132113
Oxygen
46 100
Nitrogen
49200
Argon
4) 527
co
49 700
co.
39600
Chlorine
31202
1-95
16
14
19.06
14
22
35-36
0.500188g
0.0000171
7108X10®
0.0001$96
0.0000063
6732 × 10ồẠỊi
1.81X1D$
0.00D1600
0.0000057
0.000210
0:0000003
7064Х105
1.00X: 0-$
1.8:X10-6
0.0001626
0,0000058
¡00IXI0
1.88 × 10-€
0,0001410
0.0000040
Q1e8XIoiạẠị
2,28X10$
_ Steam H,O
62000Ř
0.000128łł
0,0000029
9874X10°
2.68 × 10-8
0.000001źzł
0.0000040
14260XI0
2.27X 10-łął
As was first clearly shown by Maxwell, viscosity is
its long free path, and small mass, with a radius of only one
due to the molecular resistance developed when one layer
four-thousandth of that of a Hydrogen molecule. As far back
of gas slides over another. In the ease of such a superfine
as 1845, Stokes recognized (Trans. Camb, Phil. Soc., 8.287),
gas as the aether the viscosity passes into rigidity; the pro-
that the aether is similar to well known solids, but has their
cesses for establishing this transition of viscosity into rigidity
physical properties in an accentuated degree. Thus ice,
is explained in Daniel's Principles of Physics, 3d ed., 1895.
treacle, pitch, beeswax, molasses pulled for candy, and other
P. 227, and the theoretical basis of Maxwelfs theery of
substances are fluid for slowly acting forces, allowing hard
viscosity is notably improved by Jeons, Dynamica! Theory
bodies pressed into them to pass through without any fracture,
of Gases, and ed., 1016.
by a gentle yielding or fow of the substance; but yet when
As the acther is a gas made up of corpuscles 400o
struck violent blows these bodies vibrate like elastic solids,
times smaller in diameter than a hydrogen molecule, and
and may be fractured like glass or other brittle substances.
heving only 15-56 millionths of a millionth of the mass of
It thus appears that a solid is one which does not
the hydrogen molecule, we readily see why this superfine
yield reacily to the forces applied to it, and the resistance
fium pervades all gross bodies. But as the acther is the
to change of shape with time measures the rigidity. All
mate medium of the universe, and is not underlid by
bodies, however, yield to forces in some degree. Now in the
anything finer, we also perceive that energy carried in such
case of the acther the corpuscles have the enormous velocity.
a medium cannot be dissipated, because there is no finer
of 471230 kilometres per second, as already pointed out:
medium to which wave energy might be given up.
Thus it
and in comparison with such tremendous speed, all earthly
follows that Larwor's argument (in the article Acther, Encyc
velocities are trivial. Even the velocities of our swiftest
Brit. r1iạied., 1911), to the effect that aether is not molecular,
pinnets, like Mercury and Venus, are exceeded 1oooo-fold
is not well founded. There is no valid objection to a corpus-
by the extreme swiftness of the aetherons. In addition to
cular sether, such as was conceived by Newton, 1721, and
their rapid motion, they have the immensely long free path
approved by Preston and Maxwell, 1877 The kinetic theory
of 57300e kms, nearly onc and a half times the moon's
of this superfine gas is here worked out in somes
what greater
distance.
detail, and we see that quite unexpectedly it affords the
The enormous velocity of the aetheron and the great
most substantial physical ground ever developed for the most
length of the mean free path makes the aether unique among
fundamental of all physical doctrines, namely, the conser-
vation of energy.
all physical bodies. For rapidly acting forces it vibrates and
transmits waves with a velocity of gooooo kms per second,
Somewhat more detailed explanation of the processes
and is capable of exerting the most tremendous stresses,
of calculation used to derive the high molecular velocity of
such as are required for holding the planets in their orbits:
the aetheron are given in section 6 below. 'At present we
but for slowly acting forces yields without resistance, because
need only point out the obvious advantages of having before
its own molecular motions are so rapid.
The particles,
our minds definite numerical results which show what manner
travelling with such extreme velocity, get out of the way of all
of gas the aether is.
moving bodies - absolutely without hindrance, when the bodies
6. The excessively high molecular velocity of
move uniformly; and offer but slight resistance for changing
the aetheron, its long free path, and small mass,
velocity of movement due to acceleration or retardation.
with radius only one four-thousandth of that of a
It is recognized that the viscosity of gases, as deter-
Hydrogen molecule, ensures both great elasticity
mined by the diffusion experiments of Loscaids, O. E. Afever,
and great power of penetration to the acther
Maxwell and others, depends on the molecular friction of
The extraordinary elastic properties of the aether are
the moving molecules projected from one layer of gas into
due mainly to the excessively high velocity of the aetheron,
another adjacent layer, when two layers are slid relatively

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 871, "chars": 5801, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• 3
In the writer's Researches on the Physical Constitution
and Rigidity of the Heavenly Bodies, 1904-5, he reached
the conclusion that the confined solar matter must necessarily
be gaseous, though acquiring the property of a highly rigid
solid under the enormous pressure and high temperature to
which the matter is subjected. In fact it was found by cal-
culation that the layers of the sun's globe have an average
rigidisy of over 2000 times that of steel, (AN 4104, enta-
tion 22, p. 384), while the average rigidity of the matter,
accumulated with increasing density in the interior layers,
may be 6ooe times that of Nickel steel (AN 4104, equa-
Ạạtion 38, p. 392).
Such a globe must be viewed as bursting internally
with pent up explosive energy, yet kept in equilibrium by
the accumulating pressure of the surrounding layers: the
confined matter is gaseous, yet rigid to the highest degree,
- and in such confinement must have the property of a solid
of enormous rigidity.
Now the rigidity of the aether is variable with the
radius vector drawn to the sun's centre, but generally less
than that of solids such as glass, which is about ro4. Yet
with such high elasticity, due to the enormous molecular
velocity 47: 239 kms, we see that it connot be rent or
cracked, as Lord Kelvis once suggested, (Popular Lectures
and Addresses, 1.336), by any forces at work in nature.
The only artificial forces yet found capable of setting up
waves in the aether were the extremely quick explosions of
dynamite used by Professor Francis E. Nipher of St. Louis.
5-
Table of the Physical Constants of the
Aether.
The general method employed for determining the
physical constants of the aether is based on the process for
calculating the mechanical value of a cubic mile of sunlight
devised by Lord Kelors, 1854, and first published in the
Transactions of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, (ef, »Me-
chanical Energies of the Solar System+, 1854, and Bultimore
Lectures, 1904, p. 261-265). This method was adopted and
somewhat improved by Marwell, 1815, in the Artiele Aether,
Ency. Brit. o" ed. Some further improvements have been
introduced by the present writer, especially in those constants
of the kinetic theory of the aether, which were never culculated
by Kelvis or Maxwell. These are due entirely to the recent
investigations, and are here outlined for the first time.
We adopt the constant of solar radiation recently found
by Bigriow, namely, 3,98 ca., 1019, (Supplement No. 1 to
the Treatises on the atmospheres of the sun and the earth.
Four fundamental formulas for discussing the observations
made with various types of pyrheliometers, J. J. Bigelw,
John Wiley & Sons Inc., New York, 1019, p. 4).
A certain factor in the kinetic theory of the energy
of the aether waves coming from the sun was taken by Lord
Kelora as between ½ and 1, (Baltimore Lectures, D. 203,
$ 5), and by Maxwell as
Working out the problem
somewhat more fully than Lord Kelvi has done, thus taking
account of the inclinations of all the wave elements in plane,
circularly and elliptically polarized light, 1 find that this
factor for the total energy should be a little greater than
one half, namely:
5044
64
7 = 1/17) • [cos0 de = 2/n = 0.63002.
Accordingly we thus arrive at the following
Table of Constants of the Aether:
1. Constant of solar radiation, found by Bigelee from ob-
servations, A = 3.98 ca.
2. Assumed ratio of amplitude to wave length A/1 =
1/101.23, which is nearly the same as was used by
Maxwell, so that Ap = 27/101.23 = 1/16.115.
3. Energy per cubic centimetre at the sun's surface =
(0.63602) e 1° (p)" = 441455 ergs.
4. Greatest tangential stress per sq. em at the sun's surface
= e 17(48] = 111.1713 dynes.
5. Coefficient of rigidity of the aether:
at the sun's surface = g V° = 1800,
et the earth's surface 219 g P° = 394200.
6. Density of the aether at the sun's surface g = ax16-».
7. Density of the sether at the earth's surfice ' = 2190
- 438× 10-.
8. Mean velocity of the aetheron, 1 = 47 1239000os ens.
9. Molecular weight of the setheron, (// = 1)
- 15,56X10-19.
10. Average length of mean free path, at the sun's surface,
/ = 572.959 kms.
I1. Number of corpuscelr cellisions per second, at the
sun's surface, C = o.82246.
12. Radins of sether corpuscle = 3:346×10-, or 1/4005
of the radius of a Hydrogen molecule.
The radius of a molecule of Hydrogen is taken as
1-34×1o-*, and the density assumed equal. In computing
the molecular weight of the aetheron in o above, we dis-
regard the so-called Electrical mass' because Professor Sir
7. J. Thomson, (Electricity and Magnetism, 4 ed., 1009,
P. 521), and Crowther, (Molecular Physics, 1014, p. 70), and
| other authorities, admit that this ‚Electrical mass' resides in
the aethereal medium itself, which we are investigating, This
subject will be more fully discussed in a future paper.
It may be noticed that the uether gas, is endowed with
enormously high molecular velocities and excessively long
range of mean free path, so that the highly elastic aether
is very different from the ordinary terrestrial gases, This is
forcibly brought out in the following table: yet the similarity
with the other gases is also notable, even for such an extreme
case as the nether. It is this enormous mean molecular
velocity and the long free path which causes the aether to
vibrate as an elastic solid for rapidly acting forces, but ensily
gives way to slow motions. It is worthy of notice that the
particles of the aether move out of the way ten thousand times
more rapidly than the swifest planets revolve in their orbits.
The constants for the tables assembled below were
drawn originally from O. E. Meyer's Kinetie Theory of Gases,
but in the final revision I have adopted the mean of the
values cited by Frans, Kinetic Theory of Gases, 2" ed. 1916

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 1128, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAGK ITIC VIEW
GRAVITATIOMAL VAVES
exceeding the tensile strength of millions of millions of
cables of the strongest steel, now becomes perfectly in-
telligible.
Universal Gravitation no longor is the Per-
petual Miracle" spoken of by Cotes in the Preface to the
Canand Fiftion of Nostale Prinainia 1573.
MAGHET
CUAVTTATIOAL WAVES
SEEK FROM THE EARTH
THE LARTH
LEFT-HANDED
ROTATING WAVES
OTAT IN
T.J.J. SIT, MAYT-THIDRY. APAL 6, 1934.,
- CASTRI TELGAITATICAL FULLING BETWEEN THE EARTH AND SUN, UNDER COURIER WAVES: IS -F • THEOREM OF 1802
TA PERIGAT-NANDED AND LEFS-HANDED ROTATIONS RESPICTIVELY, EACH GROUP EQUALLY FREQUENT.AS IN LIEST, THE WAVES TEND
IN 1. TAL BIRTH PASSING WAVES OF OPPOSITE ROTATION. MAYTAKELIUND TERE TO COLLANE, THUL TELACTHER PULLS PERPETUALLY AS MEM
• MEFRARIEAL MODEL OF THE TETCRLOKTE CORN SCREWS OR MAVE-HELIX. #EV
Fate I.
Illustration of the Electrodynamic View of the Gravita-
tional Pulling between the Earth and Sun.
Since the Ae-
ther is under the Universal Bursting Power of 689,321,
600,000 Atmospheres, and thus of Infinite Strength,
the
Liraculous Pulling of the Planets,
with Forces vastly

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 669, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T.J.J. See. New Theory of the Aether.
Astronom, Nachrichten Bd. 226, Tafe) 4.
Tal « Arous's diagram of the spread of waves.
to a new
radius, after passing through an orifice B C; with diry's lustration of
the nature of the wave motion below (cl. Tides and Waves, 1845).
& Hurration of the simultaneous compounding of wave motions from closely adjacent orifices, by extension of Nemon's theory.
As the rotations about the axes are parallel, the tension in each wave-disturbance tends to ahorten the are of the whole wave
with rapid curvature towards the poles.
nagueism, Drawn by J. F. Greainsad.
Fig 3. Electrolynamic wave-theory of magnetie attraction
i and repulsion

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 508, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WAVES
ROTATION
PES FROM MACUST
ROTATION
RIGH
THE WAVE-THEORY OF MAGNETISM VERIFIED BY THE ELECTROPYNAMIC ACTION OF CURRENTS IN SOLENCIDS,
WHITY WAS AMPERES METHOD OF MAKING ARTIFICIAL MAGNETS, 1820, IN VIEW OF THESE SEVERAL PROOFS TE
MATT-THEORY & MAGRITIN IS ESTABLISKES FOREVER
7.J2 SEL. MAYI-THESEY. APIL 24.1934.
Illustrating Ampère's Nethod for makins Artificial Magnets by the
mETE-actions of Currente, 1820.
The outside Waves here show are
radise from the Artificial Magnet in the centre of each Coil

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 695, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1-1. T1250.109
•TAND 1932
Plate II.
More complete Illustration of the Fourier Naves, from
every direction, and trevoling in every direotion, · fa-/,
under balanoed symmetry of Stress about a Vibrating Cor-
puscle or Body. In this Fave-Theorem of 1802, as Four-
ier shows, (Théorie Analytique de la Chaleur, section
415) the larger the multiple P, the shorter the waves,
as hown in this plate. In Bature the longer waves,
moving under Resistance, tend to break up into shorter
waves; and hence the unlimited Gamut ri Waves pervading
the Universe, - tHis Cosmic Order having existed for
millions of ages, as justly renarked by Sir Wm. Hersohel,
(Ph11. IrEn 8,, 1785,pp219-266, Hem,1789,p214-226).

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 416, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Plate I.
The Fourie
· illustrated
Graphical Illustration of the Fourier Wave-Theorem
8 1602, 4|=/=//8
• neglected in Physical
Science since, for 125 years,-1802-1927; but now of uni-
versal use in the Theory of Solid Bodies, the Sphericity
of Liquid Globules, with Minimal Surfaces of Least Actior
for Moving Waves, and the Spheroidal Figures of the
Stars and Planets. Above an Illustration of Vector Com-
position.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2885, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sixth Paper (A.N. #5140, Vol. 217):
Wave-Theory of Chemical, Explosive, & Vital Forces...Development of
Heat in Chemical Reactions as a Proof of the Wave-Theory...Geometric Basis A
of the Atomic Arrangement in the Wave-Theory & the Source of Power in High
Explosives...Radioactivity & Orgainc Growth...Direct Evidence of Wave Theory...
Conclusion...Part Ivo: Discovery of the Cause of Universal Gravitation...
Rigorous Geometric Analysis confims Tension in the Aether between 2 Stars...
The Cause of Universal Gravitation.. Summary of Chief Results of the New
Theory of the Aether...The Tension of the Aether: Wave-Theory & the Newtonian
Theory of Central Force directed to the Focus of the Conic Section...Postscript...
....
......
....
Seventh Paper (A.N., Vol. 217, Oct. 22, 1922) :
Discovery of the Cause of Magnetism & of a Remarkable Connection
between Magnetism & Universal Gravitation...New General Formulae for the
Intensity of the Ponderomotive Force in the Magnetic Field...Verification
of Biot's law: an Experimentum Crucis as to the Nature of Magnetism...
Investigation of the Supposed Motion of the Magnetic Poles in the Earth...
Theory of Earth's Magnetic Moment...Guss' General Theory of Earth's Magnetian
...The Mutual Potential Energy and the Mutuel Action of Two Magnetic Systems...
Velocity of the Propagation of Universal Gravitation,ạExplanation of the
Periodic and Secular Changes in Earth's Magnetism...Conclusion...
....
Eighth Paper (A.N., Vol. 226, Feb 27, 1926) :
A Supplement of the Discovery of the Cause of Gravitation -¿-Part One:
Analysis of the Progress of the Problem.. An Investigation of the Physical
Cause underlying the Forces of Nature which follow the Law of Inverse Squares...
Part Iwo: Geometrical & Physical Explanation of the Law of Inverse Squares...
Observational proof of the Existence of Electrodynamic Waves from the Sun,
Moon & Planets...Geometrical & Physical Significance of laplace's Potential
Function V: lagrange's Force Function U, for Newton's Law of Mutual Attraction...
Explained by Wave-Action...Wave-Effect of Tension between and Pressure behind
2 Centres of Disturbance,.,Confimation of Wave-Theory of Universal Gravitation
by Definite Laboratory Experiments...Part Three: Velocity Potential of
with the Solution of the Fourier-Poisson Potential for Waves in the Aether...
Some Geometrical & Physical Grounds for Wave-Theory representation of the
True Order of Nature,..Investigation of an Infinite Integral arising in the
Wave-Theory of the Aether as applied to the Stars... Numerical Example of
an Analogous Method of Integration by Successive Approximations...........
Part Four: Theorems of laplace & Poisson on the Invariability of the Major
Axes & Mean Motion of the Planets generalized for all the Higher Powers
of the Masses...Brief Criticism of Certain Traditional Theories...Concluding
Note on the Lunar Theory.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2918, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
T.J.J. SEE's WAVE-THEORY OF THE AETHER
Papers #1-8 from Astronomische Machrichten, circa 1920
First Paper (AN. #5044, Vol. 211): 'New Theory of the Aether'
The Medium of the Aether 1s necessary for conveying Physical Action
across Space..,New law of the Density & Rigidity of the Aether..,Relation
between Mean Molecular Velocity of a Cas & that of a Wave Transmitted in
such a Medium...Elastic Power of the Aether...Table of Physical Constants
of the Aether...The Aetherion...Explanation of the Propagation of the
Wireless Waves around the Earth...Outline of the Wave Theory for Magnetism,
Attraction & Repulsion.. The Aether as an Infinite Aeolotropic Elastic Solid
propagating Waves...Confirmation of Wave Theory by Lord Kelvin's Integrals
of 1848...Geometric and Physical Conditions which the Forces generated
must satisfy..
Second Paper (AN. #5048, Vol. 211):
Gravitational Action propagated with the Velocity of Light. ¿¿Electro-
dynamic Wave-Theory of Physical Forces explains Motion of Perihelion of
Mercury...Modification of Newtonian law...Outline of the Cause of the
Fluctuations of the Moon's Mean Motion...Cravitational Action 1s propagated
by Stresses due to Waves in the Aether...Geometrical Conditions fulfilled by
the Velocity-Potential P...The Kinetic Theory of the Aether accords with the
Views of Newton & Maxwell...New Theory of Stellar Aberration based on the
Motion of Light relatively to the moving Earth...Sir Oliver Lodge's Exper-
iments for detecting the Viscosity of the Aether, & Fitzgerald's Hypothesis.
Third Paper (A.N. #5079, Vol. 212):
Two Remarkable Theorems on the Physical Constitution of the Aether...
Geometric & Physical Outline of the Relationship between Light, Magnetiam
and the Electrodynamic Action of a Current...Plane Waves of Nagnets & the
Law of Amplitude...High Velocity of the Electron under Charge explained
by Acceleration due to Aether Waves...Aetherial Identity of the Velocity
of Electric Waves with that of Light..Aetherions & 'Electrical Nass"...
Kinetic Weve Theory of Aether and the larger Problems of the Universe.
....
Fourth Paper (AN. #5048, Vol. 213):
Isotropic Aether & Radial Motion.. Maxwell's ElectroMagnetic Theory
of Light is incomplete...Geometrical Reasons why the Vibrations of Ordinary
Light are mainly Transverse...Fundamental Objections to Fresnel's Theory of
Linear Polarization of Reflected Light...Undulatory Explanation of the
Phenomenon of Interference in Polarized Light,..New Wave-Theory of Light
accounts for all known Optical Phenomena...Wave-Theory of Gravity & Geometrical
Theory of Confocal Conics...
Fifth Paper (AN. #5130, Vol. 214) :
Outlines of Wave-Action Theory of Molecular Forces...The Rainbow in
light of the Wave-Theory...New Theory of Surface Tension & of Capillarity
based on Wave-Action...New Theory of Lightning...Droplets & Bubbles...
Capillarity...Wave-Theory in Relation to Planck's Quantum Theory...Postscript.
