{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T02:57:01Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4091414, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125287-cejka-a-dynamic-model-of-cell-membranes-capaldi.pdf", "source_sha256": "a94e30dac398feb4f96a71a49027158715b79bbc40682663057d263f86c28216"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 889, "chars": 5623, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
first page picture state Back of under coal
maror 1470
A Dynamic Model ot Cell Membrane
the Gasificaton of Cral
The envelopes that surround entire cells, cell nuclei and the various
cell organelles are thin assemblies of lipid and protein molecules.
Their functions depend on how the membrane proteins are linked
under accumulators
by Roderick A. Capaldi
he Fundamental unt of living tig
sue is the cell. In recent years it
has become plain that one cellular
component, the membrane, plays a cru-
cial role in almost all cellular activity.
Cytoplasmic membrane, the outer enve-
lope surrounding the cell, acts to regu-
late the internal environment of the cell
and to transport substances into and out
of it. Internal membranes, which enclose
the nucleus of the cell and such cell
organelles as microsomes, mitochondria
and the chloroplasts of plants, play an
equally important role. For example,
the mitochondrial membrane is where
#denosine triphosphate (ATP) is manu-
factured; hence this membrane supplies
the fuel for all the cell's metabolic proc-
esses. Similarly, the chloroplast mem-
brane is the site of photosynthesis, the
process by which energy from the sun is
trapped in a form that can be used by
living cells. How then are membranes
built to accomplish so many different
tasles?
A good deal of information now exists
concerning the basic structure of mem-
branes. One fact to emerge recently is
that cytoplasmic and internal mem-
branes are essentially alike; both are
composed of proteins and the fatty sub-
stances called lipids. In mammalian cells
small amounts of carbohydrate are also
present, associated either with protein
as glycoproteins, that is, carbohydrate-
bearing proteins, or with lipid as glyco-
lipids.
Lipids account for about half of the
mass of most membranes. In internal
membranes the lipid is almost exclu-
sively phospholipid. Cytoplasmie mem-
branes, in contrast, contain both glyco-
lipid and neutral, or uncharged, lipid in
addition to phospholipid. For example,
as much as 30 percent of the lipid in the
membrane of red blood cells consists of
Individual Lipid molecules have a which membranes can be determined in
bead and two tails [see Mustration on
various ways. One is to assay the mem-
next page]. At the point where the head
brane's various enzymic activities. An-
and the tails meet, which C. Fred Fox
other is to identify proteins by molecular
of the University of Califoria at Las
weight, utilizing the technique of gel
Angeles calls the backbone, is a glycerol
electrophoresis. Proteins are made up of
group. The tails that descend from the
backbone are extended chains of fatty
the long chains of amino acids called
polypeptides. Some proteins have only a
acids. The structure of these chains is
single polypeptide chain; others have
quite similar to that of oil molecules and,
many polypeptide chains tightly asso-
just as oil and water tend to separate
ciated with one another. In preparation
into different layers when they are
for gel electrophoresis a protein is bro-
mixed, so do the tails of phospholipid
ken down into its component polypep-
molecules tend to point away from wa-
tide chains by exposure to a detergent,
ter. Hence they are said to be hydro-
sodium dodecyl sulfate. The chains are
phobic. The heads of the phospholipid
then transferred to a polyserylamide gel
molecules, on the other hand, are soluble
with an electrie potential across it. They
in water and are said to be hydrophilic.
migrate through the gel in response to
Molecules of this kind, with one hydro-
the potential at a rate proportional to
phobic end and one hydrophilic, are
called amphipathic. Glycolipids and to
their molecular weight, the lower the
weight of the polypeptide, the farther it
some extent neutral lipids are also am-
moves. The gel is then stained with a
phipathic.
protein-specific substance, for example
coomassie brilliant blue, and is scanned
The lipids in membranes are arranged
for absorbance. When, for example, the
so as to accommodate their amphi-
proteins associated with the membrane
pathic character, They form a bilayer,
of the red blood cell are identified in this
two layers back to back, so that their
fashion, the scanning trace reveals poly-
hydrophilic heads constitute the top and
peptides with molecular weights ranging
bottom surfaces of the membrane and
from 255,000 to 12,500.
their hydrophobic tails are buried in the
The two heaviest polypeptide com-
membrane interior [see upper illustro-
ponents, with molecular weights of
tion on page 29]. The lipid bilayer is a
255,000 and 220,000, are collectively
sheet about 45 angstroms thick. It is the
known as spectrin. (Vincent T. Marehesi,
structural framework of the membrane.
of the Yale University School of Medi-
It is also the anchorage for the other ma-
cine chose the name because he first
jor component of membranes: protein.
isolated the components from "ghosts,
Proteins and glycoproteins play a
the membranes of red blood cells that
variety of roles in membranes. They can
have been chemically deprived of their
contribute to the structural integrity of
hemoglobin.) Spectrin secounts for
the membrane, they can act as ensymes
about a third of all the protein in the red-
or they can function as pumps, moving
cell membrane. Another third of the pro-
material into and out of cells and organ-
tein lies in a diffuse absorption band
elles. It is the diversity of its protein
with a molecular weight of about 90,000.
activity that gives each particular mem-
This band contains a number of differ-
brane its distinctive character.
ent polypeptides, including a componen
M000OTOL

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 866, "chars": 5560, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AMPHIPATHIC STRUCTURE of • lipid
molecule, with a hydrophilie head aod twin
hydropbobie tails, in exemplified by this
typical phospholipid, specifieally a molecule
of phospbatidylcholine. Varioon lipid mole.
cules comprise about half of the mass of
marmalian membrane, forming the mem.
brand's stractural framework Tbeir fatty-
acid tails may be saturaled (left), with a hy-
drogen atom linked to every carbon bond,
er ansatarated (right), with carbone free.
conductor 1 - Imsulator 4 to 2
R
ent in equal copies with each spectrin
they are about half-submerged. Even
molecule. Proteins of molecular weight
then, however, the molecules have pene-
lower than 70,000 make up the remain-
trated less than halfway through the bi-
ing third of the protein in the membrane.
Layer.
The red-cell membrane may be unusual
Working in David E. Green's labora-
in the large amount of protein of high
tory at the Institute for Enzyme Re-
molecular weight that it incorporates
search at the University of Wisconsin,
By way of comparison, almost all the
my colleagues and I have examined the
polypeptides in mitochondrial
mem
organization of another intrinsic protein:
brane are below 70,000 in weight
cytoclirome oxidase, an enzyme in mito-
Membrane proteins can be divided
chondrial membrane that is the terminal
into two classes depending on their loca-
member of the electron-transfer chain
tion with respect to the lipids of the
involved in the synthesis of ATP. Now,
membrane framework. One class con-
one stumbling block in the path of mem-
sists of those protein molecules that are
brane-protein research is the fact that
associated only with the membrane sur-
most membranes contain a heteroge-
face. These "extrinsic" proteins are lo-
neous mixture of proteins, including
eated adjacent to either the outer or the
both extrinsic and intrinsic proteins.
inner surface of the membrane. The sec-
Most of the methods that can be har-
ond class is made up of proteins that
nessed to examine the structure of mem-
actually penetrate the membrane sur-
branes, such as X-ray diffraction, are
face. These "intrinsic" proteins enter the
averaging methods, the resulting data
Lipid bilayer and sometimes extend all
give only the average properties of all
the way through it [see upper illustra-
the proteins in the sample, whereas we
Lion on opposite page].
really want to know the characteristics
Whether a membrane protein should
of individual membrune proteins. This is
be assigned to one or the other of the
one reason why retinal-disk membrane,
two classes can be determined on the
with its single protein rhodopsin, is a
basis of its chemical properties or on the
popular subject of investigation.
basis of other kinds of analysis, such as
Fortunately for us it is possible to
X-ray diffraction or electron microscopy.
separate cytochrome oxidase from the
For example, estrinsic proteins are rela-
other proteins in mitochondrial mem-
tively easy to remove from membranes
brane. When the separated enzyme is
by
chemical
dissociation methods,
placed in suspension with lipids, the lip
whereas intrinsic proteins form an inte-
ids and the enzyme interact and gath-
gral part of the membrane continuum
er in saclike vesicles that are in effect
and are much more difficult to dislodge.
man-made membranes. The molecules of
Two extrinsic proteins that are visible
cytochrome oxidase in the artificial vesi-
in electron micrographs are the enzyme
cles have the same enzymic properties
ATPase, found in mitochondrial mem-
that they show in normal mitochondrial
brane, and spectrin, the polypeptide
membrane, and so it seems a good bet
in red-cell membrane. Objects termed
that the vesicles have the same structure
"headpieces" are visible sticking up from
as normal membrane. The advantage
the membrane surface in electron micro-
here is that a heterogeneous array of
graphs of mitochondrial membrane: they
proteins has been reduced to a single
are ATPase molecules. Similarly, in elec-
protein.
tron micrographs of red-cell ghosts the
We have used these membrane vesi-
"fuzz" lining the inside of the membrane
cles as a model system for the study of
is composed of spectfin polypeptides.
the isolated protein in its geometrical
One intrinsic protein that has been
relations with the lipid bilayer. In its
studied in detail is rhodopsin, the only
capacity as an electron-transfer sub-
protein present in the membranes of the
stance cytochrome oxidase exists in one
disks that occupy the outer segments of
of two states, either oxidized or reduced,
the rod cells of the retina. J. Kent Blasie
In the oxidized state (and in a narrow
and his colleagues at the University of
range of lipid-to-protein ratios) the en-
Pennsylvania School of Medieine, work-
zyme is organized into a crystalline lat-
ing with X-ray-diffraction techniques,
tice that is visible in the electron micro-
have found that the rhodopsin molecule
scope and can also be analyzed by X-ray
is globular and some 42 angstroms in
diffraction [see illustration on page 26].
diameter. When the retinal rods are in
Utilizing both kinds of data, we found
darkness, the rhodopsin molecules of the
that individual molecules of cytochrome
disk membrane are submerged for about
oxidase are some 55 angstroms long, 60
a third of their diameter in the mem-
angstroms wide and 80 to 85 angstroms
brane's outer surface. When the rods are
deep. This is enough depth to allow the
illuminated, the rhodopsin molecules
molecule to penetrate the 45-angstrom
sink deeper into the membrane until
bilaver comnletely leaving one end in.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3227, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bacterium Excherichia coli. Thus differ-
ences in amino acid composition can-
not account for the water-insolubility of
membrane proteins.
Studies conducted by L. Spatz and
Philipp Strittmatter of the University of
Connectieut indicate that the most likely
explanation for the water-insolubility of
membrane proteins is the arrangement
of their amino acids. Spatz and Stritt-
matter subjected membranes of rabbit
liver cells to a mild treatment with a
proteolvtic enzyme. The treatment re-
leased the biologically active portion of
the membrane protein: cytochrome og.
In a separate procedure they solubilized
and purified the intact cytochrome ba
and treated it with the protenlytic en-
zyme. This treatment also released the
water-soluble, biologically active portion
of the melecule, together with a number
of small degradation products that were
insoluble in aqueous solution. The bio-
logically active portion of the molecule.
whether obrained from the membrane or
From the purified protein, was found to
be rich in polar amine acids. The protein
fragments that were insoluble in water,
on the other hand, were rich in nonpolar
amino acids. These observations suggest
that many membrane proteins may be
amphipathic, having a nenpolar region
that is embedded in the part of the mem-
brane containing the nonpolar fatty-acid
tails of the phospholipids and a polar
region that is exposed on the membrane
surface.
We are now ready to ask: How do sub-
stances pass through membranes?
The nonpolar fatty-acid-tail region of a
phospholipid bilayer is physically in-
compatible with small water-soluble sub-
stances, such as metal ions, sugars and
amino acids, and thus acts as a barrier
through which they cannot flow Freely,
If one measures the rate at which blood
sugar (glucose) passes through the phos-
pholipid-bilayer walls of liposomes, one
finds that it is far too low to account for
the rate at which glucose penetrates bio-
logical membranes. Information of this
kind has given rise to the concept that
entities termed carriers must be pres-
ent in biological membranes to facilitate
the passage of metal ions and small polar
molecules through the barrier presented
by the phospholipid bilayer.
Experiments
with biological mem-
brunes indicate that the hypothetical car-
riers are highly selective. For example, a
carrier that facilitates the transport of
glucose through a membrane plays no
role in the transport of amino acids or
other sugars. An interesting experimental
EXTERNAL
AQUEOUS
PHASE
LIPOSOME
WALL
INTERNAL,
AQUECLS
PHASE
ARTIFICIAL MEMBRANE-ENCLOSED SAC, known an • liposome, is created by sabject-
ing an aqueous suspension of phospholipids to high-energy sound waves. X-ray diffraction
shows that the phospholipids in the liposome assume an orderly arrangement resembling
what ie found in the membranes of actual cello. Area inside the equare is enlarged below.
conductor
WATER
POLAR
HEADS
FATTY ACID
TAILS INON-
POLARI
Inçututar
POLAR
HEADS
WATER
CROSS SECTION OF LIPOSOME WALL shows how the membrane is formed from two
layers of lipid molecules. The polar beada of amphipathic lipids face toward the aqueous
solution on each side while tbe conpolar fatty-acid tails face inward toward one another.
33

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 644, "chars": 4190, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ASYNMETRIC DISTRIBUTION of the protein molecules associated with red-blood-cell
membrane in demonstrated by labeling the proteins. When a chemical reagent that cannot
pass through the lipid bilayer de applied to the cell surface (7), only two penetrating pro.
teins with ends that estend above the surlace (a, b) are labeled. When a lysing agent is
added, making the membrane leaky (2), all the molecules on or near the other side of the
membrane are labeled, including the spectrin (e) that probably bolds the othere in pluce.
trinsic protein of the inner membranes
of mitochondria with a molecular weight
of 10,000. Its amino acid content is 20
percent hydrophilie and 80 percent hy-
drophobic. This is in sharp contrast to
cytoplasmic and extrinsic membrane
proteins, which have on the average 47
percent hydrophilic amino acids and 53
percent hydrophobie amino acids. An-
other very hydrophobic intrinsic protein
is the Folch-Lees protein, which can be
isolated from the myelin covering of
sciatie nerve; its amino acids are 29 per-
cent hydrophilie and 71 percent hydro-
phobic. The intrinsic proteins rhodopsin
ALERTEENS
and cytochrome oxidase are both hydro-
phobic; the amino acids of rhodopsin are
38 percent hydrophilie and 64 percent
hydrophobie and those of cytochrome
oxidase are 37 percent hydrophilic and
63 percent hydrophobie.
Two interesting intrinsic proteins
have recently been chareterized that.
while they are not excessively hydro-
phobic in overall composition, have
polypeptide-chain regions that are very
rich in hydrophobic amina acids, One is
cytochrome bs, a protein isolated from
the microsomal membrane of liver cells.
Phillip Strittmatter and Lawrence Spatz
of the University of Connectieut have
shown that this protein, a single poly-
peptide, is folded at one end into a glob-
ular portion that is exposed ut the sur-
face of the membrane and is covered
predominantly with hydrophilic amino
acids. The polypeptide chain continues
out of the globular portion into a "tail"
of about 60 amino acids, almost all of
them hydrophobic. The tail penetrates
into the bilayer and serves to unchor the
globalar and enzymically active portion
of the molecule to the membrane.
The second intrinsic protein with an
unusual structure is the major glycopro-
tein found in the membrane of red blood
cells. This molecule has been closely
studied by Marchesi and various col.
leagues, finst at the National Institutes
of Health and more recently at Yale.
Again if consists of a single polypeptide
chain. One end of the chain, which holds
all the carbohydrate associated with
the molecule, consists predominantly of
hydrophilie amino acids, this end is ex-
posed to the water at the outer surface
of the cell membrane. The other end of
the chain, which also incorporates hy-
drophilic amino acids, extends into the
watery interior of the red cell, The mid-
dle of the chain consists of some 30
amine acids. They are almost exclusively
hydrophobie and lie inside the lipid bi-
layer of the membrane.
Because all the carbohydrate of the
glycoprotein molecule is exposed at
the outer surface of the red-cell mem-
brane the membrane is asymmetric. Fur-
thermore, labeling studies, using chemi-
cal reagents to label "available" proteins,
show that the asymmetry in the red-cell
membrane extends beyond carbohydrate
imbalance. Reagents that cannot pene
trate the lipid bilayer of the membrane
will label two of the proteins in the
membrane of intact red blood cells. One
is the glycoprotein; the other is the pro-
tein of molecular weight 87,000; only
those two proteins are exposed at the
outer surface of the membrane. When
the red cell is lysed and thereby made
leaky to the labeling reagent, however.
all the proteins in the membrane are
labelec, indicating that the majority of
proteins in the red-cell membrane are
localized on the membrane's Interior
surface.
The red-blood-cell membrane is not
the only one with an asymmetric organi-
zation. Labeling techniques have shown
that the mitochondrial inner membrane
is organized in a similar fashion. The
protein molecules known as headpieces,
actually ATPases, are located exclusively
on the matrix, or inner, side of the mem-
