{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T07:31:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 23, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21351591, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304286908076876, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125219-cejka-the-oscillatory-chamber.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541084670000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125219-cejka-the-oscillatory-chamber.pdf", "source_sha256": "bd02379e6a614c8072ac39934b1ce1f89cbf1da72c4c44f212e8d507c3f849f5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 544, "chars": 3606, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 15
THE OSCILLATORY CHAMBER
A BREAKTHROUGH IN THE PRINCIPLES
OF MAGNETIC FIELD PRODUCTION
by Dr. Jan Pajake
ISBN 0-9597698-2-X
THE OSCILLATORY CHAMBER
The name "oscillatory chamber' is given to a
principle of magnetic
fleld production which
employs the effects of the oscillation of electric
sparks. These sparks circulate around the internal
perimeter of a cubical chamber made of an electric
insulator and filled with a dielectric gas. The four
segmented electrodes joined to the inner surfaces of
opposite walls of this chamber perform alone the
function of two oscillatory circuits with a spark gap
The appropriate formation of mechanisms of
oscillatory discharges occurring both these circuits
achieves: (1) the formation of circulating electric
sparks which produce a bipolar magnetic field: (2)
the elimination of electro-magnetic forces acting on
the structure of the chamber: (3) the absorbing and
bonding of the energy initially supplied to this
device; (4) the elimination of conversion of energy
into heat, and (5) the channeling of destructive
consequences of the accumulation of huge electic
charges into the desired direction. As the final result
of such a formation of the oscillatory chamber, this
device, when completed, will be able to raise the
value of a produced magnetic flux to a level
unlimited by theoretical premises. Practically italso
means that this source of field will be the first one
able to lift itself as the effect of a repulsive
interaction with the Earth's magnetic field.
1. Why there is a necessity to replace the
electromagnet by the oscillatory chamber
The recent achievements in the development of
propulsion systems prompt one to ask the question
What is the remarkable principle of controlled
magnetic field production of which today's technol-
ogy can be so proud? The answer is (at the beginning
of the space exploration era): exactly the same
principle as the one which was used over 160 years
ago, i.e. the principle discovered by the Danish
professor, Hans Oersted in 1820, depending on the
application of the magnetic effects created by an
electric current flowing through the coils of a
conductor. The device utilizing this principle, called
an electromagnet, is now one of the most archaic
appliances still in common use. We can realize how
outdated its operation is from the following
example: if the progress in propulsion systems were
equal to that of magnetic field production devices.
our only mechanical vehicle would still be thesteam
Electromagnets possess a whole range of draw-
backs. which make it impossible to raise their output
above a particular - and not very high - level.
These disadvantages can in no way be eliminated,
because they result from the principle of operation
of these devices alone. Below are listed the most
significant drawbacks of electromagnets
(a) Electro-magnetic containment forces are ere-
ated which radially tense the coils. The magnetic
field produced by an electromagnet interacts with
the same coils of the conductor which created it,
trying to push them out from its own range (theleft-
hand rule, often called the motor effect). The
deflecting forces acting here are of a type identical to
the ones utilized in the operation of electric motors.
The electromagnetic
containment forces must
ultimately be resisted by some form of physica.
structure. The weight of any really powerful steady
field magnet is related to the mechanical strength of
this structure. When the current's flow is high
enough, these forces cause the coils to explode and
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637 Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 736, "chars": 5079, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 16
the total self-destruction of the entire electromagnet
results.
(b) A magnetic field is produced only when the
device is supplied iwth an electric current. This
requires that a permanent energy supply be
provided during the whole period of operation.
When the power of a produced field is high, such a
requirement necessitates the consumption of the
output from a whole electricity plant to serve one
electromagnet only.
(c) A significant loss of energy results. The
electric current flowing through coils of a conven-
tional electromagnet releases a vast amount of heat
(Joule's law of electric heating). This heat not only
decreases the energetic efficiency of the magnetic
field pr. but also, when the energies involved are
high, it leads to a melting of the coils. The
superconductive electromagnet removes the heat-
ing from a current flowing through resistance.
However. it introduces another loss of energy
resulting from the necessity to maintain a very low
temperature of the coils. This also causes a
permanent consumption of energy which decreases
the efficiency of such a magnet. It should be noted
here that the high magnetic field cancels the effect
or superconductivity and thereby restores resist-
ance to the coils.
(d) The geometrical configuration of electromag
nets is formed in such a way that the line of minimal
resistance for the electric current does not coincide
with the course of the coils. This direets the
destructive action of electric energy into the
insulation, causing rapid damage (electric break-
down) which initiates the destruction of the entire
The only way toeliminate the disadvantages listed
above is to apply a completely different principle of
magnetic field production. Such a principle,
invented by the author, will be presented in later
sections of this publication. Because this new
principle utilizes the mechanism of oscillatory
discharges occurring inside a cubical chamber, it is
called an "oscillatory chamber."
The principle of the oscillatory chamber avoids
the limitations which prevent an increase of output
in electromagnets. Also, it promises a more effective
and convenient preparation and exploitation, long
life without the necessity of maintenance, very high
field-to-weight ratio, and a wide range of applica-
tions (e.g. energy storages, propulsion devices,
sources of magnetic fields). The explanations that
follow (especially the one from section 5) will
describe the mechanisms for achieving this.
Therefore, it appears highly desirable to promote
the fast development of this device in the not too
distant future so that it may replace electromagnets
presently in use.
2. The principle of operation of the oscillatory
chamber
The electric current flowing through a wire is not
the only source of a controlled magnetic field. The
other well known source is the phenomenon
manifesting the flow of electric energy in the purest
form. i.e. an electric spark. There are many different
methods for the creation of electric sparks, but the
purpose considered here is best served by the so-
called 'oscillatory circuit with a spark gap." The
unique property of such a circuit is its ability to
absorb. total and utilize the energy supplied to it.
This energy then appears in the form of a very
lightly damped sequence of oscillatory sparks
created by the circuit.
The discovery of the oscillatory circuit with a
spark gap was achieved in 1845 by the American
physicist, Joseph Henry, who noticed that when a
Layden jar was discharged through coils of wire, the
discharge and a spark were oscillatory. A few years
later Lord Kelvin, the great English physicist and
engineer, proved mathematically that the discharge
in a cireuit so constituted must manifest itself in the
oscillatory form.
a) The electrical inertia of an inductor is the motive
force for oscillations in a conventional oscillatory
circuit with a spark gap
HAVE YOU ORDERED YOUR NEW "ENERGY UNLIMITED INFORMATION SERVICE CATALOG!?
A MUST for all researchers in non-conventional technology!
For $5.00 ($7.00-foreign, surface/ $8.00-foreign, air) you will receive our catalogue of very rare book titles,
experimental papers, patents, proposals, and reports compiled by non-conventional scientists and technologists.
This list includes such treasures as Aircraft, atlantean technology, Bearden's "Toward a New Electro-
Magnetics, the mathematical Treatises of T.J.J. See, Tachyons, Tele-Geo-Dynamics and other Tesla Works.
UFO's and Vortexian Mechanics. We have patents galore: T.T. Brown, Coanda, Ecklin, Gray, Johnson, Hooper.
Rogers, et al...
Our updated bibliography will suggest hours of reading in a wide range of subjects geared to those of the
scientific interest.
Our Tesla Bibliography (which is a FREE bonus included in the catalog) is a very extensive work listingover a
hundred artieles and references to Tesla and his work. This Bibliography alone is worth $5.00 but it is a FREE
bonus to you ENERGY UNLIMITED supporters.
A $3.00 credit is applied towards orders over $20.00
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 777, "chars": 5331, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 18
Figure 1 "a" shows a conventional configuration of
the oscillatory circuit with a spark gap. The most
distinctive characteristic of this configuration is that
it is constituted by connecting together into one
closed circuit the complex of three vital elements.
i.e. L. C' and E. which take the form of separate
devices. These elements are: (1) inductor L,
containing a long wire wound into many coils, which
provides the circuit with the property called an
"inductance: (2) capacitor C, whose property,
called a 'capacitance." allows the circuit to
accumulate electric charges; (3) electrodes E, whose
two parallel plates ER EL, separated by a layer of gas,
introduce a "spark gap" to the circuit.
When the electric charges "+q" and "-q" are
supplied to the plates PF and Pe of the capacitor C!.
this forces the flow of an electric currentit through
the spark gap E and the inductor L. The currenti
must appear in the form of aspark"S and mustalso
produce the magnetic flux "F." The mechanisms of
consecutive energy transformations occurring with-
in the inductor L cause the spark"S." once created
between electrodes, to continue oscillating until the
energy involved is dissipated.
The oscillatory circuit with a spark gap represents
an electric version of the device which produces one
of the most common phenomena of nature, an
oscillatory motion. The mechanical analogy of that
device, well known to everyone, is a swing. In all
devices of that type, the occurrence of oscillations is
caused by the action of the Conservation Energy
Principle. This principle compels the initial energy
provided to such an oscillating system to be bound to
a continuous process of repetitive transformations
into two forms: potential and kinetic. The "potential
energy" within the oscillatory circuit is represented
by the opposite electric charges "+q" and '-q"
carried within both plates of a capacitor - see
Figure 1 at The electric potential difference
introduced by the presence of these charges forces
the flow of an electric current "i" through the
circuit. In a swing, the same potential energy is
introduced by slating the arm of it away from the
vertical position. As a result, a load (e.g. a swinging
child) is raised to a particular height, forcing later its
own acceleration down into the equilibrium
position. The second form of energy, the "kinetic
energy." within the oscillatory circuit manifests
itself in the form of a magnetic flux "F" produced by
the inductor L. In a swing this kinetic energy
appears as the speed of a load's motion.
The mutual transformation of the potential form
of energy into a kinetic one, and vice versa, requires
involving a medium which activates the mechan-
isms of energy conversion. This medium is
introduced by the element possessing the property
called 'inertia." Inertia is a motive force maintain-
ing the oscillations within any oscillating system. It
works as a kind of pump which forces the
transformations of energy from a potential form,
ENERGY UNLIMITED
through a kinetic one, back into a reversed potential
form. This "pump" always restores the initial
amount of potentialenergy existing at the beginning
of the oscillation's cycle, decreased only by its
dissipation occurring during the transformations.
Therefore the inertial element is the most vital
component of every oscillating system. In the
oscillatory circuit its function performs the inductor
ENERGY UNLIMITED is pleased to offer:
THREE THOUSAND
YEARS OF
MAGNETS
by V.P. Kartsev
translated by Ann Feltham.
This 92 page book direct from Moscow is an
excellent, thorough explanation of magnets, their
characteristics, their history and the current use in
modern science. For the lay-scientist and trained
scientist alike the book covers magnetism in Nature
wherein is present information on theories of
cosmogony of galazies and nebulae explained by the
presence of a magnetic field. It touches on causes of
terrestrial magnetism.
The book recounts the history of discoveries of
magnets in different countries; it tells the stories of
all the earl researchers and shows that the ancients
and medieval scholars knew more about them than
we suspect.
Mr. Kartsev has done his homework. He tells of
the discovery and development of electro-mag-
netism, electro-static motors. high-field magnets,
how they were developed and improved and even
the medical uses of magnets.
'A superweapon that failed, experiments with
plused magnetic fields, the most intense magnetic
field ever at man's disposal are all described
Pictures and illustrations of cyclotrons and their
use in thermonuclear reactors along with super-
conductors are all discussed.
In one chapter titled "CAUTION: Theoretically
Impossible Equipment at Work" the author says
without attempting in any way to convince the
reader of the existence of a "perpetuum mobile. he
cannot resist the temptation of saying a few words
about "impossible aparatus.
He describes a
working d-c transformer that many patent experts
had thought, until recently, could not exist.
Don't miss this opportunity to add this valuable
book to your research library at the low cost of $12.00;
$15.50-foreign, surface; $17.00-foreign air (paper-
back copy).
Send payment to
ENERGY
UNLIMITED, P.O. Box 35637, Station D,
Albuquerque, N.M. 87176.
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, N.M, 87176

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 635, "chars": 4078, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
L, whose inductance (expressed in henrys) repre-
sents electrical inertia. In the swing mechanical
inertia is provided by the mass of a load (expressed
in kilogrammes), This is the reason why the
inductance in the electric oscillations is considered
to be the equivalent of the mass from the mechanical
oscillations.
To increase mechanical inertia it is necessary to
join additional mass to that which is already
involved in the energy transformations. The
increase of electrical inertia requires the extending
of the length of an electric current flow, exposed to
the action of its own magnetic field. Practically this
is obtained by building an inductor containing many
coils of the same wire, closely wound, so that each of
them is within the range of the magnetic field
produced by the other coils.
Let us review the mechanism of oscillations
within the oscillatory circuit shown in Figure 1 "a."
We assume that initially the plates Prand Pr of the
capacitor C' carry the opposite electric charges i-qi
and "+q" and that the current "I" within the
inductor L is zero. At this instant the whole energy
of the circuit is stored in the potential form in the
capacitor CI. The opposite charges accumulated on
the plates of the capacitor C' create an electromotive
force which activates the current flow "i." To
facilitate the interpretation of the sparks' behavior,
in this publication the electric current is defined as a
movement of electrons from negative to positive.
The current &¿ appears on the electrodes E in the
form of a spark "S," whereas in the inductor L it
produces a magnetic flux "F." As the charge "q' on
the plates of the capacitor C' decreases, the potential
energy stored in the electric field also decreases.
This energy is transferred to the magnetic field that
appears around the inductor, because of the current
"I"" that is building up there. thus the electric field
decreases, the magnetic field builds upandenergy is
transformed from the potential to the kinetic form.
When all the charge on the capacitor C' disappears.
the electric field in the capacitor will bezero, and the
potential energy stored there will be transferred
entirely to the magnetic field of the inductor L. The
electromotive force which before caused the
current ¿ạt to flow is now eliminated. But the
current in the inductor continues to transport the
negative charge from the Ps plate of the capacitor C
to the Pr plate, because of the electrical inertia. This
inertia prevents the current "i" (therefore also the
spark "S") from extinction and maintains its flow at
the cost of the kinetic energy contained in the
magnetic field. Energy now flows from the inductor
L back to the capacitor C' as the electric field builds
up again. Eventually, the energy will have been
transferred back completely to the capacitor CL. The
situation now reached is like the initial situation,
except that the capacitor is charged in the reverse
Page 19
Fig. 1. The transformation of an oscillatory circuit
with a spark gap into an oscillatory chamber.
a)
b)
(a) Conventional form of an oscillatory circuit
with a spark gap, as it was discovered by J. Henry in
1845. Its three vital elements, i.e. capacitance 'Ci,'
inductance 'L' and spark gap 'E' are formed as
separate devices.
(b) The modified version of the oscillatory circuit
with a spark gap. All three vital elements are
concentrated in one device, i.e. in a set of conductive
segments '1,2,., p' forming two plates 'Pr' and 'Ps'
joined to the inner surfaces of the two opposite walls
of a cubical chamber made of an electric insulator.
Side dimension of the cube is marked by 'a.'
c)
ENERGY UNLIMITED
52
(c) The oscillatory chamber formed by combining
together two modified oscillatory circuits 'Ci and
'Cz' identical to that presented in part (b) of this
diagram. The consecutive appearance of sparks 'Se-
L, SF-B, SL-B, Sar' oscillating along the surface of the
walls creates a kind of electric arc circulating around
the inner perimeter of this chamber and produces a
strong magnetic field.
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3773, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 20
RENEWABLE RESOURCES
POWER ENGINEERING
INC.
INTEGRATED SYSTEMS
at VERY COMPETITIVE PRICES
Can I plus
this one
Into hero
PENTER
We put it all together-
REMEMBER:
YOU CAN MIX & MATCH COMPONENTS
BUT . ..
Your equipment must be integrated
for maximum efficiency.
INDEPENDENT POWER SYSTEM EQUIPMENT:
MICROHYDRO from $0.50/W
PHOTOVOLTAICS from $4/W
WIND TURBINES from $1/W
DC-AC INVERTERS from $0.20/W
BATTERIES from $20/KWH
Regulators, Controilers, Switchgear
GENSETS (Diesel, Propane, Gasoline) from $0.20/W
Towers, Racks, Conductor, Enclosures
PASSIVE SOLAR COMPONENTS from 147BTU
INTEGRATED WATER-PUMPING SYSTEMS
TALK TO THE ONES THAT KNOW HOW:
RENEWABLE RESOURCES
POWER ENGINEERING
INC.
4609A Lumber Avenue NE
Albuquerque, NM 87109
(505) 883-8828
GB-98-17493
Send for our free list of components
with price quotes and compare!
ENERGY UNLIMITED
way. The capacitor will start to discharge again, and
the whole process will repeat itself, this time in the
opposite direction. Once started, such oscillations
continue until the
resistance
of this process
dissipates the energy involved.
b) In the modified oscillatory circuit with a spark
gap, the inductance of a stream of sparks replaces
the electrical inertia of an inductor
It is known that an electric spark alone introduces
a high electric inertia. Therefore a spark is able to
replace the inductor in providing the inductance to
the circuit. The condition of such a replacement is
that the spark must possess the appropriate active
length and also that its path must follow a course
Ạwithin the range of its own magnetic field. To
achieve this condition. it is impossible to repeat the
solution used in the inductor, because an electric
spark is reluctant to wind itself into the form of
consecutive coils. However, the same can be
achieved in another way, through replacing a single
spark by a whole stream of sparks jumping
simultaneously along parallel paths. Each spark
alone in such a stream will be the equivalent of one
coil of wire within an inductor. All sparks together
will provide the necessary inductance to the circuit.
Figure 1 'b" shows the author's modified version
of the oscillatory circuit with a spark gap, which
makes use of the electrical inertia of the stream of
parallel jumping sparks. The most distinctive
characteristic of this version is that all three vital
components of the Henry's circuit, i.e. inductance L.
capacitance C' and spark gap E. are now provided by
the same physical device, which simultaneously
performs three different functions. The modified
device consists of only a couple of conductive plates
Pr and PB, placed on the inner surfaces of two
opposite walls of a cubical chamber made of an
electric insulator and filled with a dielectric gas.
Each of the plates is divided into a number of small
segments insulated each from the other (in the
diagram marked by 1. 2. 3..... p). Each pair of facing
sements marked by the same number. e.g. "p.
forms a single component capacitor, which after
receiving a sufficient electric charge transforms
itself into a couple of electrodes exchanging the
electric spark "Sp." The total number of all electric
sparks jumping simultaneously in the form of a
single compact stream, provides the device with the
required inductance. Summarizing the modifica-
tion described above, one can say that the three
separate devices, each of which has provided the
conventional circuit with one selected property, are
now replaced by the single device (i.e. couple of
plates) simultaneously providing all three vital
properties, i.e. L. C and D.
If the principle of operation of this modified
oscillatory circuit is considered, it becomes obvious
that it is identical to the Henry's circuit. After all
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 969, "chars": 5930, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
segments of both plates are uniformly charged the
potential energy of the circuit is built up. When the
difference of potentials between plates overcomes
the breakdown value "U.* the discharge is initiated
This discharge will take the form of a stream of
parallel sparks S, 8, 3, 8p, joining facing
segments of the plates. The magnetic field produced
by these sparks will gradually absorb the energy
stored initially within the electric field. When both
plates Pr and Pe reach the equilibrium of potentials,
the electrical inerita of sparks will continue the
transmission of the charge between them, trans-
forming the kinetic energy contained within the
magnetic field back into the potential energy of the
electric field. Therefore at the end of the first stage
of the oscillation of sparks, the plates will again
contain the initial charge, but of the opposite kind
Then the whole process repeats itself but in the
reverse direction. If the slight dissipation of energy
occurring in this device is somehow compensated
for, the process described above will be repeated
Such an operation of the modified oscillatory
circuit liberates all the electric phenomena from
material ties. In effect the electric current does not
need to flow through a wire and its value is not the
subject of limitation by the properties of the
materials used. Also the electric phenomena are
exposed to a controlling action that allows them to be
channelled into the desired course. These are very
important achievements, and as it will be proved
later, they are the source of many of the advantages
of this device.
The sequence of sparks that oscillate in the device
shown in Figure 1b. will produce an alternating
magnetic field. Because the stream of sparks follows
the same path in both directions, this field will also
be a vortex, ie, having all force lines lying on
parallel planes. Such a field will not display clear
polarity, because its magnetic poles N and S are not
fixed. To create a bipolar magnetie field with the
steadily positioned magnetic poles N and S, it is
necessary to persist one step further in
development of this modified oscillatory circuit.
c) The combination of two modified circuits forms
"oscillatory chamber producing a bipolar
magnetic field
The final form of the circuit considered here is
shown in Figure 1"c." This one is the form to which
the name 'oscillatory chamber has been assigned
The oscillatory chamber is constituted by combining
together two circuits indicated as C and C, both
identical to the one presented in Figure 1 b.
Therefore it consists of four segmented plates (twice
as many as in the modified oscillatory circuit).
indicated as PF, Ps, PR and PL (i.e. front, back, right
and left). Each of these plates contains the same
number of segments ip, and faces as the other
identical plate, together forming one of the two
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Page 21
cooperating oscillatory circuits. Both of these
circuits produce the oscillatory streams of sparks
"SA-L. SP-B. SL-R, SB" which appear in sequence,
with the mutual phase shift between them equal to
one quarter of a period of pulsation (VT).
Before the mechanism of the discharges in this
final configuration is analyzed, we should remind
ourselves of the action of the electro-magnetic
containment forces which will try to deflect the
sparks away from the range of the bipolar magnetic
field. They are the same forces which cause the
explosion of coils in powerful electromagnets. In the
case of the oscillatory chamber, these forces will
push the stream of sparks against the plate along
which the discharge occurs. For example all sparks
within the stream Se-L jumping from the plate PR to
the plate Pr. will be pushed to the surface of the plate
Pr (at this moment the plate PF increases its own
negative charge). For this reason the individual
sparks forming consecutive streams SR-L, SF-B. SL-A
and SeF, instead of crossing the paths of the other
sparks, will bend themselves at the edges of the
chamber and produce a kind of rotating arc. Notice
that the sparks can not enter the plate along which
they are jumping for the following two reasons: (1)
the negative charge just being transferred to this
plate creates a repulsive interaction with the sparks
(compare Figure 3), and (2) the plate is formed from
a large number of small segments each insulated
from the other and therefore the resistance against
conduction along the plate is not much less than the
resistance of the discharge through the dielectric gas
in the chamber.
Let us assume that the initial charging of the
oscillatory chamber is provided in such a way that
first the stream of sparks marked as SR-L will occur.
and then after a period of time equal to t-WT - the
stream SrB (compare Figure 1 "c with Figure 3).
Let us also assume that right from this initial time,
along the axis "m of the chamber the magnetic flux
produced by this device, prevails. This flux
pushes sparks against the side walls. After the initial
charging of the C= capacitor, at time t-0, the stream
of sparks Sa-L will appear, which will jump from
plate PR to plate PL. These sparks produce the
magnetic flux "F" which is totalled
to the one
already existing in the chamber. This flux bends
the paths of all these sparks, pushing them close to
the surface of plate Pr. At time t-T the potentials of
plates PR and PL reach an equilibrium, but the
inertia of sparks Sa-L still continues transporting
charges from PR PL, at the cost of the kinetic energy
accumulated in the magnetic field. At the same
instant (t=WT) the operation of the second circuit
begins and the jump of the Sr-s stream of sparks is
initiated. Similarly this stream produces a magnetic
field which pushes it against the surface of plate Pt.
So, in the timespan tWi to wi, there are present
two streams of sparks. SR-L and SF-B, the first of
which transfers energy from the magnetic to the
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4073, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 22
electric field, whereas the second one transfers
energy from the electric to the magnetic field. At
time taWT the plates Pu and Pa reach a difference of
potentials equal to the initial one (at t-0), but with
the opposite location of charges. Therefore the
stream of sparks SR-L disappears, whereas the
stream SL-a is now initiated. This stream is pushed to
the surface of plate PB. At the same instant (tAT)
the plates PF and Pa reach the equilibrium of
potentials, so that the stream of sparks SF-a passes
into its inertial stage. In the timespan t=½T to t=4T
there are twostreams of sparks, i.e. SF-Band SL-R, the
first of which consumes the magnetic field, whereas
the other produces it. At the instant t WI the sparks
SPB disappear and the sparks SaF are formed
(pushed against plate PR), whereas the sparks SL-R
are passing into their inertial stage. At time t-lT the
sparks St-R also disappear and the sparks Sa-t, are
created (pushed against the plate Pr), whereas the
sparks aB-F pass into their inertial stage. With this
the whole cycle of spark rotation is closed, and the
situation at time t=IT is identical to the one at the
initial moment t-0. The process that follows will be a
repention of the cycle just described.
The above analysis of the sequence and paths o
the sparks reveals a very desirable regularity. The
streams of sparks turn into a kind of electric arc
combined from the four separate segments. This are
rotates around the inner perimeter of the oscillatory
chamber. Such a process, in accordance with the
rules of electro magnetism, must produce a strong,
pulsating, bipolar magnetic field. The obtaining of
such a field crowns the long and difficult search for
the new method of the magnetic field production
presented here
The principle of operation of the oscillatory
chamber does not require a strictly cubical shape,
and can be also executed in any chamber consisting
of four rectangular side walls of identical dimen-
sions. The only condition is that its cross-section in a
plane perpendicular to the magnetic axis must be a
square. In this publication, however, for simplicity
in deduction, the cubical shape only is considered.
We should also consider the characteristics of the
magnetic field produced by the oscillatory chamber.
If we analyze the field produced by only a single
Stream of sparks. it would be a discrete pulsating
field of approximately half-sinusoidal course.
which, at the points where the sparks reverse, would
drop to zero. Because in the chamber twostreams of
sparks always appear simultaneously, the resultant
field will follow the course described approximately
by totalling together the series of positive halves of
sinusoids. It will still pulsate. but will contain a
constant component and a varying component. The
relation between both components, as well as the
course of the varying component, will be deter-
mined by the amount of energy invovled in the
pulsations.
N'
NEXUS NEWS
The word iNEXUS" means connection, link, or system
of links. We at Nexus build links to people, bodies of
knowledge, and minds. Nexus News exists as a means of
communicating new ideas, exchanging scientific and
technical knowledge, and alms to bring about a transfor-
mation of humanity to higher and better operating
states.
NEXUS NEWS Is pubiished 4 times a year and a sub-
scription of $18.00 per year is requested. NEXUS
CENTER is a research and communication center for
New Ideas.
NEXUS NEWS Is published by William and Connie
Hamilton and Is copyright © 1985 by William Hamilton
and Connie Hamilton.
Send check or money order to:
Nexus News
P. O. Box 11177
Glendale, Ca: 91206
ENERGY UNLIMITED
m
Fig. 2. The assumed appearance of the oscillatory
chamber. It will look like a glass cube. Streaks of
bright shimmering sparks will run around the inner
surfaces of its side walls. Inside it seems to be filled
with black smoke. The broken lines indicate the
pillar of the magnetic field (invisible to the naked
eye) produced by this device, distributed along the
'm axis.
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 676, "chars": 4567, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 23
3. The future appearance of the oscillatory chamber
At our present level of technological development
there are available excellent, robust construction
materials which are good electrical conductors or
nonconductors and which are also transparent.
Examples parent conductors are silver iodoarsenate
glasses or soda-silica glasses. Let us assume that the
oscillatory chamber will be made wholly of such
transparent materials. Therefore the casual witness
will have the illusion that he is observing a very
ordinary transparent cube - see Figure 2. Along the
inner surfaces of the plain side walls of that cube. the
bright gold shimmering sparks will flash. Although
these sparks will flicker, they will appear to be
frozen in the same positions. Their paths will closely
follow the inner surface of the plates, because of the
electro-magnetic containment forces pushing the
sparks against the walls of the chamber. The inside
of the cube will be filled with a dielectric gas looking
like black smoke.
Observing this transparent cube, one will find it
difficult to imagine that such a plain looking device,
to reach the point of its creation, required the
accumulation of almost 200 years of human
knowledge and experience.
4. The condition under which the sparks will
oscillate within the oscillatory chamber
Our present knowledge of magnetic and electric
phenomena enables us to deduce the equations
expressing the values of the resistance, inductance
and capacitance of the oscillatory chamber. Further
combination of these equations will lead to the
prediction of the behaviour of this device.
a) Resistance of the oscillatory chamber
The general form of the equation
resistance of any resistor of cross section At and
length "It is as follows:
In this equation the " n" represents the resistivity of
a material from which the resistor is made. In our
case it will be the maximal resistivity of the
dielectric gas that fills the oscillatory chamber.
determined for the conditions of the initial moment
of electric breakdown.
If in the above general equation, we replace the
variables by the specific parameters determined for
the oscillatory chamber, i.e. 1=a and A=a? (compare
with Figure 1ạb"), this gives:
R- T
(1)
The equation received represents the resistance of
the oscillatory chamber.
b) Inductance of the oscillatory chamber
To determine the inductance of the cubical
chamber, the equation for the inductance of a
solenoid is used (see "Fundamentals of Physics" by
David Halliday and others, John Willey & Sons,
1966):
When in this equation we substitute: • 1-a and
A=a?, the final equation for the inductance of the
oscillatory chamber is derived
(2)
c) Capacitance of the oscillatory chamber
When we use the well-known equation for the
capacitance of a parallel-plate capacitor, of the form:
and when we apply the substitutions: A=a?, 1-a; this
yields the final equation for the capacitance of the
oscillatory chamber:
(3)
d) The "sparks' motivity factor" and its interpreta-
tion
Each of the relations (1), (2) and (3) describes only
one selected parameter of the oscillatory chamber
On the other hand, it would be very useful to obtain a
single complex factor which would express simul-
taneously all electromagnetic and design character-
istics of this device. Such a factor is now introduced.
which will be called a "sparks' motivity factor." Its
defining equation is the following:
• PETE (4)
Notice, that according to the definition, this &s"
factor is dimensionless.
Independently from the above defining equation,
the "s factor has also an interpretative description
This is obtained, when in (4) the variables R, Land C
are substituted by the values expressed by equations
(1), (2) and (3). When this is done, the following
interpretative equation for is is received:
9 " 26***
(Б)
Equation (5) reveals that the s factor perfectly
represents the current state of all environmental
conditions in which the sparks occur, and which
determine their course and effectiveness. It de-
scribes the kind and consistency of the gas used as a
dielectric, and the actual conditions under which
this gas is stored. Also it describes the size of the
chamber. Therefore theạs" factor constitutes a
perfect parameter which is able to inform exactly
about the working situation existing within the
chamber at any particular instant in time.
The value of the 's factor can be controlled at the
design and at the exploitation stage. At the desigr
stage it is achieved by changing the size "at of
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637 Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 4056, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 25
chamber. At the exploitation stage it requires the
change of the pressure of a gas within the chamber
or altering its composition. In both cases this
influences the constants A = and «, describing the
properties of this gas.
e) Condition for the oscillatory response
From the electric point of view the oscillatory
chamber represents a typical RLC circuit. The
science on Electric Networks has deduced for such
circuits the condition under which, once they are
charged. they will maintain the oscillatory response.
This condition, presented in the book by Hugh H
Skilling "Electric Network" - John Willey & Sons
1974. takes the form:
the oscillatory chamber outwards. Therefore it is
possible to select the design and operational
parameters of this device, so that both kinds of forces
mentioned above will mutually neutralize each
other. As the final result, the physical structure of
the chamber is liberated from the obligation to
Figure a presents the mechanism of reciprocal
compensation of these two interactions described
above. For simplicity, all the courses of phenomena
within the chamber are shown as linear. independ-
Fig. 3. The mechanism of mutual neutralization of
the electro-magnetie forces, simultaneously tensing
and compressing the oscillatory chamber.
< 4.
If the above relation is transformed and then its
variables are substituted by the equation (4), it takes
the final form:
P>#
(6)
The above condition describes the design require
ment for the number "pt of segments separated
within the plates of the oscillatory chamber, in
relation to the environmental conditions "s* existing
in the area where the sparks appear. If this condition
is fulfilled, the sparks produced within the oscilla-
tory chamber will acquire an oscillatory character.
To interpretate the condition (6), a possible values
taken by the factor "s" should be considered
(compare with the equation (5)). Such a considera
tion allows us to conclude, that in the majority of
cases any number p" of segments should provide
the oscillatory sparks.
5. How the oscillatory chamber eliminates the
drawbacks of electromagnets
The operation of the oscillatory chamber is formed
in such a way, that all drawbacks significant for
electromagnets, are completely avoided in this
device. The descriptions that follow present the
principle of elimination for each basic disadvantage
of electromagnets listed in section 1.
a) Mutual neutralization of the two opposite electro-
magnetic forces
The unique operation of the oscillatory chamber
leads to the formation of two reciprocally acting
forces: the Coulomb's attraction force and the
electro-magnetic deflecting force. The opposite
electric charges, which are accumulated on the
facing walls of the chamber, attract each other.
causing the formation of the Coulomb's forces that
compress this device inwards. The electro-magnetic
containment forces, created by the interaction of the
magnetic field and the sparks, cause the tension of
ENERGY UNLIMITED
(a) The four basic phases of operation of the
oscillatory chamber. R, L, F. B - the plates of the
chamber that together form two cooperating
oscillatory circuits; SRI. ST-B, StR, Sar - the
electric sparks that appear in succession during one
full cycle of oscillation
(b) The changes in the potential of the plates
during one full cycle of the chamber's operation. T-
period of pulsation: 1 - time; =q. -q - positive and
negative charges accumulated on plates.
(c) The changes in the electro-magnetic contain-
ment forces (M) acting on particular electric sparks.
(d) The changes in the tensing forces (T), caused
by the electro-magnetic containment interactions of
the opposite electric charges accumulted on the
plates. Note that both groups of these forces have a
symmetrical course and neutralize each other.
ently of how they occur in reality. But it should be
noticed that these phenomena are symmetrical. It
means that. for example, if the current in the sparks
changes in a particular way, the potentials on the
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 893, "chars": 5684, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
plates must also change in exactly the same way.
Therefore the variation in time of the forces
analyzed here will display some kind of an inherent
regulation mechanism, in which the course (not the
quantity) of the first phenomenon always follows
the course of the other phenomenon opposite to this
Part "at of Figure 3 shows the four basic phases
forming the full cycle of the chamber's operation.
The description of these phases was
already
provided in sub-section 2(c) of this publication
Significant for each phase is that two streams ot
sparks coexist, the first of which (in diagram 3ạa"
indicated by the continuous line) transmits energy
from the electric field into the magnetic field (active
sparks). The second stream (in the diagram
indicated by the broken line) in this instant
consumes the magnetic field to produce the electric
field (inertial sparks).
Part "b" of Figure 3 illustrates the relevant
changes of electric charges "q" on the R (right), L
(left). F (front) and B (back) plates of the chamber.
occurring during each phase of the device's
operation. These charges create the Coulomb's
forces attracting the facing plates inwards. In this
part of the diagram it is visible that, when one couple
of plates reaches the maximum of its potentials
difference - initiating a discharge between them,
the other couple is just in its equilibrium of
potentials. Then, simultaneously with the growth of
the discharge current flowing between these first
couple of plates, the opposite charges on the other
couple of plates also grow: The containment forces
that tense the chamber outwards are growing
accordingly with the value of the discharge current.
On the other hand the Coulomb's force of the
reciprocal attraction of these other facing plates is
growing as well, together with the quantity of
opposite electrie charges accumulated on them.
Part "c' of Figure 3 shows the changes in the
electro-magnetic containment forces V-1-4-5
trying to push out the particular sparks from the
field's range. Because these forces are proportional
to the product of the sparks' current i and the
magnetic flux densityiN.
the chambers tension will oBeur at the instant of
when the discharging plates reach the
equilibrium of their potentials. At this same instant
of time the other couple of plates, along which the
discharge occurs, reach the maximum of potentials
difference (compare with partib" of this diagram)
as well as the maximum force of their reciprocal
compression.
In the part "d' of Figure 3 the mechanism of
mutual compensation of the forces described above
is shown. The upper side of this diagram presents the
changes in the tension forces itạ& which try to pull
apart the oscillatory chamber. These torces are
caused by the interactionof the magnetic field and
the current from the sparks (compare with part"e"
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Page 27
of this Figure). "The lower side of diagram "d"
presents the changes in the compression forces "C.
This compression is caused by the mutual Coulomb's
attraction of the facing plates that accumuaite the
"D of reelectric charges iq (compare with the part
* of Figure 3). Note that whenver a tension force
appears (e.g. from the sparks SB-F), always there is
also formed a counteracting compression force (e.g
from the Coulomb's attraction of charges qR-L.). Both
of them act in opposite directions, and follow the
same course of changes in time. Therefore both
neutralize each other.
It is natural that the compensation of forces
displaying inherence in their course as described
above, still requires that values match. Therefore
further experimental research will be necessary, to
select such design and exploitation parameters of the
oscillatory chamber, that will provide the full
equilibrium for the counteracting forces. As the
result of this research, the device can be completed.
in which the production of a magnetic field will not
be affected by the action of any kind of forces.
b) Independence of the magnetic field production
from the continuity and efficiency of the energy
supply
One of the most basic attributes of the oscillating
systems is their capability for the discrete absorp
tion of the supplied energy. which is then bound into
a continuous process of oscillations. An example of
this is a child on a swing, which once pushed, then
swings a long time without any further work
Practically it means that the energy oncesupplied to
the oscillatory chamber will be tied up within it fora
period of time until the circumstances occur which
will cause its withdrawal. As will be explained in
item (c) of this section, such circumstances can
appear only when the chamber is involved in
performing some kind of external work.
The other attribute of the oscillating systems is the
ability to change the level of energy accumulated in
them, by a periodic totalling ofits further portions to
the resources already stored. In the previous
example of a swing. to cause the slanting of a child at
a particular height. it is not necessary toapply all the
effort at once. It is sufficient to keep pushing gently
and to maintain this periodically over a longer
timespan. The consequence of this attribute will be
that the oscillatory chamber will not require its full
reserve of energy at once. The energy supply can be
gradual, spread over a very long period of time.
Both of these attributes together give us a
practical chance for supplying the unlimited energy
required for the production of a magnetic field
without introducing any requirements or limita-
tions concerning the source and the channel which
provide this supply.
To help us realize the advantage of the above
, POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 3056, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
coming
up
from
EU
VORTEXIAN
POWER
SYSTEMS
Report
On
L'atest
Propulsion
And
Power
R& D
Gravity
Research
Around
The
World
How
Close
Are We
To
Liftoff?
Hydro
Solar
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Page 29
method of supplying energy to the oscillatory
chamber over the one used in electromagnets, we
should consider the following example. A child on a
swing and an athlete both try to lift a heavy load to a
specific height. The child does it almost without
effort by accumulating the energy during consecu-
tive oscillations, whereas the athlete needs to use all
his strength and still may not achieve his goal.
e) Elimination of energy loss
The sparks appearing in the oscillatory chamber
will obviously be the source of a heat conducted into
the gas (dielectric) that fills this device. One may
expect that it should be the cause of a significant loss
of energy. However, in the chamber unique
conditions appear which make possible the direct
conversion of heat into electricity. This conversion
allows for the recovery back into the opposite
electric charges of the energy dissipated into a heat
produced by the sparks. In this way. the loss of
energy within the oscillatory chamber will be
eliminated. As the result of such an elimination, all
energy provided to this device will be preserved
within it forever, unless some kind of external work
is done, which will cause its retrieval.
The oscillatory chamber can employ the following
two methods of direct conversion of heat into
electricity: magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) and elec-
trogasdynamic. The magnetohydrodynamic meth-
od requires the movement of a stream of highly
ionized gas across a magnetic field. In the
electrogasdynamic method the electricity is gener-
ated by a high-speed, hot gas which removes the
charge (produced for example by a corona dis-
charge) from one electrode and deposits it in
another. It should be noted, that the oscillatory
chamber provides all conditions necessary for both
the above methods to occur. In this device coexist:
the magnetic field, electrodes (whose charges
fluctuate), and a gas (dielectric) highly ionized by
the discharges and caused to rotate by the
circulating streams of sparks.
The elimination of loss of energy is not the only
advantage of direct conversion of heat into
electricity, which may be achieved within the
oscillatory chamber. This conversion also intro
duces an easy method for maintaining the energy
supply to the device. To increase the energy
resources contained within the oscillatory chamber
the additional heating of its dielectric will alone be
sufficient. This heating can be obtained. for
example, by the circulation of the dielečtric through
a heat exchanger, or by concentratingon ita beam of
sunlight
Combining the lack of energy loss with the
independence of the magnetic field production from
the continuity of energy supply (compare with item
(b) of this section). provides the oscillatory chamber
with the property at present characteristic only for
permanent magnets, The magnetic field, once
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2576, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 30
Kind of
No utiliting
eschila-
Supplied
Obta
1 Hagnet
Elec
agneti
Electric
Electrie
current
Mecha
ical
motion
Elect
rana former
Electri
5 Combustion
engine
Keat
fechanica
ty
Heat
Electricity
Generator
Mechanical
mot con
ictrieity
created in this device, will maintain itself through
the centuries, if the external consumption of energy
does not occur.
d) Releasing the structure of the chamber from the
destructive action of electric potentials
The distinctive property of the oscillatory cham-
ber is that it accumulates on the facing plates the
electric charges of equal values but opposite signs
(the same number of negatives as positives). Under
such circumstances the force lines of an electric field
from the facing plates will mutually bind them-
selves together. This causes the charges to display a
tendency to jump along the shortest trajectories
joining these electrodes. Therefore in the chamber
the tendency for a natural flow of electric charges
will coincide with the trajectories required for the
operation of this device. As a result, the material of
the chamber's casing is liberated from the action of
the clectric charges, whereas all the power of the
device's energy is directed into the production of a
Principle
supplied to the chamber
field
let gas trom che cha
through
mechanical
Than the fed tea hit ster
" of pree a mechanical herion
mechanical motion.
That the cry spited in the to
supplied in the form
of heat
La converted into the electrical charge
and then withdrawo
an alectrical surrent.
Mov
one or their tie fielde providing
then with energy which chen
thdrava
magnetic field.
To the channelling of the electric energy flow
described above, the oscillatory chamber is entirely
different from electromagnets. In the chamber this
channelling is achieved by employing natural
mechanisms. In electromagnets it was forced
artificially by the appropriate formation of the
insulator's layers, which pushed the current to flow
along the coils, whereas the action of the electric
field's force lines was trying to push it across the coils
and through the insulation.
Therefore there is
reason to expect that the oscillatory chambers will
possess a life incomparably longer than that of
electromagnets, and that their lifespan will not be
limited by any electrical wear-out.
6. Advantages of the oscillatory chamber over
electromagnets
The elimination of the drawbacks of electromag
nets is not the only achievement of the principle c
the oscillatory chamber. This device introduces in
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2320, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
addition a number of unique advantages which are
not provided by any other device built by man to-
date. Let us review the most important of them.
a) Three dimensional transformation of energy
The energy within the oscillatory chamber co-
exists in three different forms as: (1) an electric field,
(2) a magnetic field, and (3) heat (i.e. a hot
dielectrical gas filling the inside of the chamber).
These three forms are in a state of continuous
transformation from one into the other. Such a
situation creates a unique opportunity for the
chamber to be exploited in many different ways,
when one kind of energy is supplied to it, while
another kind is obtained from it. The following kinds
of energy can be supplied or obtained: (1) electricity
transmitted in the form of an alternating electric
current, (2) heat contained in the mass of hot gas. (3)
energy transmitted through the changes in the
density of the magnetic field, and (4) energy
transmitted in the form of the mechanical motion of
the chamber. Table 1 combines the most utilitarian
applications of the oscillatory chamber, exploiting
its capacity for three dimensional transformations
of energy.
Page 31
b) Non-energetic control of the period of field
pulsation
The oscillatory chamber will manifest a very high
controllability, The key to the manipulation of its
operation is the period of pulsations "T." From the
RLC circuits we know that the period of their
oscillations is described by the equation:
L'G
R C
4 - 1
If the defining equation (4) on the factors® replaces
in the above a combination of R. Land C parameters.
whereas equation (1) and equation (3) provide the
values for R and C, then this period is described as:
- (÷Y
(7)
FASA
THE LAST WORD
IN WINDMILLS IS
THE FIRST IN
PROVER
QUALITY
AND
RUGGED
DEPENDABILITY
tand sher
# * it Com
P.O. Bas 25441
Dallas, Tisan 76720
TOPS
Superior Strese-Skin Sandwich Panels
TOPS
for your clients
• A 4x12, one alão structura
Il iced-osering roof deck for ex
posed beam construction.
Tue per ThE
• Nalbase for s
L slate d ties
for you
• The best iraulating roof dea
you can u
a TUES versatilty almacikate.
te it easy to son.
• Also a compatible substrate
• Mar
actured by the Home
or BUR and
le Comp
natorqui
better perromeo pro
For full det
S
ENERGY UNLIMITED *
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 4253, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 32
The final question (7) shows how to control the
value ofT" within the oscillatory chamber. At the
exploitation stage it is sufficient to concentrate
controlling activities on the change of the is factor.
In changing the pressure of the gas filling the
chamber or altering its composition. theis factor
will be influenced. That in turn will introduce the
changes in period "T" of the field's pulsations.
Here it should be noted that the chamber uses a
very different (and much more convenient) control
of oscillations than the one used in electromagnets.
In the oscillatory chamber the changes of the gas
constants: * - and * , causing the change offs are
not dependent on the necessity to manipulate the
energy contained in the electric and magnetic fields.
Therefore all controlling activities here no longer
involve wrestling with the power contained inside
the chamber. As a result the power of the control
devices is independent from the power of the
produced field. In electromagnets every change in
magnetic field requires manipulations to be con-
ducted on highly energetic currents. Therefore
control of electromagnets involved the same powers
EAS
as field production.
e) Formation of the "twin-chamber capsule" able to
control the output without altering the energy
involved
Further possibilities of controlling the output
from the oscillatory chamber are revealed when two
such devices are combined to form the structure
called a "twin-chamber capsule" - see Figure 4*a.*
This capsule consists of one small chamber located in
the centre of the other - a number of times larger
than the first. The most convenient shape for the
smaller chamber is a square bar located along the
magnetic axis of the cubical outer one. The inner
device is oriented in the opposite direction towards
Fig. 4. Two basic arrangements of the oscillatory
chamber which allow for full control of all the
characteristics of the produced magnetic field. The
subjects for control are the following properties of
the resultant flux (R) conducted to the environment
from both these configurations: (1) strength (fluent-
ly controlled from zero to maximum), (2) frequency
of pulsations, (3) ratio of the amplitude of the field's
pulsations to its constant component ( F/P), (4)
character of the field (constant, pulsating, alternat-
ing), (5) variation in time (linear, sinusoidal, beat-
type curves), (6) polarity (i.e. from which side of the
arrangement the N and S poles prevail). In addition
configuration 'b' can spin the produced field around
its magnetic axis (m).
a)
_R
S
BEST BOOK OFFER
With knowledge you really can build
your own cost effective private power
system. This is why we have included
certain basic design information in this
brochure and
is also why
our
President
Terranca D
Paul,
has
written the bookẠ¿How To Design An
Independent Power SystemỊẠi
In 126 clearly written and illustrated
pages
ỊẠỊHow
To Design An
Independent Power System* develops
nine rules of thumb the reader can use to easily put together his own
power system, It takes the risk out of selecting components, sizing
the generator, sizing the batteries, determining what voltage is best
and much more. Even the most experienced professionai will pick up
many useful pointers by reading this book.
To order How To Design An Independent Power System" send a
check or money order for $8.00 (56.95 plus $1.05 for shipping and
handling) to BEST Energy Systems. P.O. Box 280. Necedah.
Wisconsin 54646.
ENERGY UNLIMITED
(a) The 'twin-chamber capsule' formed from two
oppositely oriented chambers located one inside the
other. O - outer chamber, 1 - inner chamber, C -
circulating flux, R - resultant flux.
its host, so that the outputs from both of them would
subtract from each other.
In the twin-chamber capsule the appropriate
control allows the transmission of energy from one
device to the other. Therefore a greater output can
be produced by any of the component devices, i.e. by
the outer as well as by the inner one. The magnetic
flux produced by the device which has the greater
output is divided into two parts: (R) theỗẠresultant
fluxiappearing outside the twin-chamber capsuk
and (C) the circulating flux involved in internal
, POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 553, "chars": 3678, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 33
component of the obtained magnetic field and also
the amplitude of pulsations, without introducing
any change to the total amount of energy containec
in both devices. As a result, the maximilization of
the resultant pulsating output for any orientation of
the magnetic poles can be achieved. as well as any
manipulation of the ratio of its constant component
to its varying one. Also this output can be decreased
to any required value or completely extinguished. If
this output were to be extinguished, the chambers
would still contain the same amount of energy, and
produce equal magnetic fluxes, except that their
entire production would be looped inside the devices
and no field would be conducted into the environ-
ment. Additionally the twin-chamber capsule
allows for an almost instant reversal of its own
magnetic poles (e.g. the exchange of the north pole
into the south pole). This reversal can be achieved
merely by appropriate control of the fluxes and
without any mechanical rotation of the devices.
The ability to control strictly the character and
variations in time of the resultant field in another
advantage of the twin-chamber capsule, When the
oscillations in both chambers are kept at the same
frequencies but opposite phases, then the two
counteroriented magnetic fluxes mutually suppress
their pulsating components. The resultant field is
then non-oscillating (constant in time), identical in
character to the one provided by the permanent
magnets. On the other hand when the frequencies of
pulsations in both chambers are different, a wide
range of resultant flux variations in time can be
obtained. It is equally easy to produce a pulsating
resultant field following one of many possible beat-
type curves, as well as a number of alternating fields
of different courses. In each case the period of
variations can be controlled at the required level.
It should be noted, that all the properties of the
twin-chamber capsule can also be achieved by the
external arrangement of a number of oscillatory
chambers formed in such a way that one device
(b) The 'spider configuration' formed from five
oscillatory chambers of the same cross area. The
four cubical side devices (U. V, W and X) surround
the oppositely oriented main chamber (M) which is
times longer. This arrangement is the
simplified model of the Magnocraft's propulsion.
looping
within the chamber. Having a smaller
output is entirely involved in the circulating flux
and is not conducted outside the capsule. The
magnetic field emitted into the environment by the
twin-chamber capsule consists of only the resultant
flux, representing a difference from both the
component outputs. Therefore in this composition it
is possible to control the level of the constant
Sólar
Dictionary
THE SOLAR DICTIONARY by Carl Breuning & Fred Evangel,
FINALLY - a quick occes to the wealth al tarns and concaph paculiar to the field
of Solor Energy,
The Soler Dictionary is a well organized vital reference containing
mer 1200 Haply defined tems, coa referenced to provide a standard wanking
scabulary, badly needed in the solar flald. A welcone and much needed alditie
to any library. The 35 pages of appendices Include
13.f, Systems and Unit
• Typicel U & a Vake
• Thermal Properties of Building Materia is
• Comparison oll Solar Glasing Materials
• Lie of Solar Miere Computer Method
THE SOLAR DICTIONARY by Carl Breuning & Fred Evangel,
186 pp., 5 x 8, S3 Illustrations, dulity paperback, $ 9.95.
Please add $ 1.00 for portage & handling for first book and
504 for sach additional.
Coyme Solar Co. + P.O. Box 1120 • Sen Juan Puebla, NM 97566
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta. D. Albuquerque. NM, 87176

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 735, "chars": 4838, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page da
(central) is oriented in opposition to the others. This
kind of configuration of chambers is applied in the
concept of the Magnocraft's propulsion - and is
described in the other part of this publication. For
the purpose of producing the controlled magnetic
field. such an arrangement will be prepared in the
much simplified version, called a "spider configura-
tioniại The spider configuration consists only 5
oscillatory chambers situated as shown in Figure 4
ib. In addition this version can produce a spinning
magnetic field.
d) The non-attraction of ferromagnetic objects
The strict control of frequency (f=l/T) and
amplitude of pulsations ( F) in the field produced by
the twin-chamber capsule and the spider configura-
tion provides the oscillatory chamber with a very
unusual property: it does not attract ferromagnetic
objects, even if its output reaches the full power
required. This property causes the field produced by
the chamber to behave rather like an antigravita-
tional field, not like a magnetic one. Let us analyze
how it is possible to achieve this property.
The framed part in FigureS shows approximately
the curve of variation in time for the typical field
produced by the twin-chamber capsule. It takes the
course of a beat-type curve, containing the constant
component "Fa" and the varying component" F" of
the chamber's output will cause repulsion of all
ferromagnetic objects in the vicinity. This repelling
force grows with the increase of the amplitude " F"
and also with the increase of frequencyạf&" of the
field variations. If the control of the twin-chamber
capsule or spider configuration changes the ratio
F/Fa" of
the output, holding constant the
frequency "f' of pulsations, then three different
kinds of force interaction with ferromagnetie
objects can be achieved - compare the diagram in
Figure 5. When the varying component " F"
dominates over the constant"Fa" one, then the total
interaction with such objects is repulsive. When the
constant component "Far is the dominating one.
then the resultant interaction is an attraciton.
However, if the balance between both these
components is reached, then the attraction and
repulsion come into equilibrium and neutralize
each other. In such a case the ferromagnetic objects
are not affected by the action of any magnetic force.
The curve of equilibrium between the attraction
and repulsion, shown in Figure 5, will frame the
parameters of work of the twin-chamber capsule
and spider configuration. It is expected that the field
produced by the chamber in the majority of cases
will lie on this curve. Such a field will not influence
in any noticeable way the ferromagnetic objects
within its range, but will still be able to perform all
work imposed on it.
In special circumstances, however, the field will
be re-controlled into the chosen kind of interaation.
For example if the militarily oriented system of
Fo
quilibru
of attrochan
and repulsion
Fa
1+T-
Variation of magnetic lield
Range
af
prevailing
repursion
force
prevailing
attraction
force
Fig. 5. The curve of the 'interactions in equilibrium'
between the magnetic field produced by the twin-
chamber capsule or spider configuration and
ferromagnetic objects. For the parameters of field
defined by this curve, the chambers neither attract
nor repel any ferromagneuc object in the vicinity.
Their outputs behave more like an 'antigravity field"
than a magnetic one. The frame contains the
interpretation of the involved parameters of the
magnetic field.
chambers is chasing a missile or aeroplene, to
intercept it, it will switch on the attracting force to
disable the pursued object. But in free space the
repelling force will be dominant. Then all dangerous
objects, such as meteorites (in the most cases
containing iron), cosmie dust or satellites, will be
repelled from the chamber's path.
e) Perpetual oscillating - a unique electromagnetic
phenomenon allowing the oscillatory chamber to
absorb unlimited amounts of energy
Let us return to the example of a swing, and
consider what happens when we increase the
kinetic energy supplied to this device. The ampli-
tude of oscillations increases proportionally to the
energy supplied. We may intensify this process to
the point when the top horizontal bar will prevent
any further increase of the amplitude. If we still
keep providing energy beyond this point. the swing
will be destroyed. However, if we use a swing of
appropriate design (without a top horizontal bar).
then further increase of energy will lead to
I perpetual oscillating." In such a kind of oscillating
the swing follows a circular course. The energy
transformations still exist in it, but the whole
oscillating phenomenon obeys different kind of
laws. Also the capacitance for potential energy does
ENERGY UNLIMITED
• POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4776, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 37
not now limit the amount of energy bsorbed by the
swing.
If we now analyze the work of an oscillatory
circuit with a spark gap. we notice that it behaves in
a way identical to the swing described above. A
conventional circuit is the equivalent of the swing
with a top horizontal bar. If we start adding
magnetic energy to its inductor, then the growing
amplitude of oscillations will lead to the breakdown
within the capacitor and to the destruction of the
circuit. The oscillatory chamber, however, is the
equivalent of the swing allowing for perpetual
oscillating. If we add further magnetic energy to the
energy contained in a stream of sparks (jumping let
us say from the plate Pa to PL) then this stream will
not terminate at the moment when the opposite
plates reach the breakdown difference of potentials
"U." This is because the inertia of stream will still
keep 'pumping electrons from plate Pa to Pt. until
all the magnetic energy transforms itself into the
electric field. However in this instant both plates
also start the discharge in the opposite direction. l.e.
from PL to PR. Therefore there will be a period of
time when two sparks jumping in the opposite
directions will appear simultaneously between the
same couple of segments. The first of them -
inertial - will jump from plate Pa to Pt., whereas
the other one - active - will jump from plate PL to
Pa. This will be the electromagnetic equivalent of
perpetual oscillating. The oscillatory chamber is the
only circuit which allows for the appearance of such
a phenomenon.
In general we can define thatẠỊthe perpetual type
of oscillations are attributed only to these oscillating
systems, whose ability to absorb the kinetic form of
energy significantly overcomes their capacitance
for potential energy." Such an ability is purely an
attribute of design. It is conditioned by the selected
parameters and the appropriate structuring of the
system. In the case of the oscillatory chamber it will
be determined by the number of sparks which the
particular device is capable of creating. This number
in turn depends on the number of segments ạp"
separated within the plates. Let us determine the
minimal value of ip"
required for the perpetual
type of escillations.
The condition required for causing perpetua.
oscillating is that the kinetic energy contained in the
magnetic field must be greater than the potential
one contained in the electric field. This can be
written as:
P > 2-5
(8)
Conditon (8) expresses the number of segmentsip"
separated within the plates of the oscillatory
chamber, sufficient for causing perpetual oscillat-
If we build and exploit the chamber in such a way
that this condition is always met.
then the
capacitance of the oscillatory chamber will not be
able to introduce any limitations on the amount of
energy absorbed by this device. This property.
linked with the independence from the continuity
and efficiency of the energy supply, will allow the
oscillatory chamber to increase the amount of
contained energy to a theoretically unlimited level.
If we transform the above relation and substitute
the received combination of variables by the one
extracted from the equation (4), we will obtain:
ENERGY UNLIMITED
EEDO for Residential Applications
for Residential Applications
Calculates energy and co
vinge - Ge
ered to non-technicel usen
Contsina:
• Thermal characianstica of
burdero componente
• Installapon costa
• Yearly maintenance costs
Weather data for 150 U.S. otes
Peferent:
vanue
Performs energy analysis of
• New hore desugra
+ Energy sudits
Flacole analysis
Aceve and paseve solar
• HVAC syslenta simulations
Determines:
1500
• L/le-crde costs
• Payback period
• Retum on
investment
IBM-PCT W
Non c/ CIRA S
using MS-DOS 2.0
SEEDO
But Hit Koser Riselmann Assoo ales
400 Morgan Carte
$495.00 + shipping Butler, Pennsylvania 16001
$20.00 - damo G sk
BURT HILL
KO545
RITTELMANN
ASSOCIATES
(412) 286-4761
f) Function as an enormously capacious accumula-
tor of energy
The perpetual oscillating just described introduces
the ability of the chamber to absorb theoretically
unlimited amounts of energy: This property. linked
with the capability of the twin-chamber capsule and
the spider configuration to completely extinguish
the produced field, enables oscillatory chambers to
be enormously capacious accumulators of energy. It
is expected that there should be no difficulty in
storing in a device of about a cubic metre in size, the
present equivalent of two months' energy consump
tion for a medium-sized country.
The ability of the oscillatory chamber to store
energy resolves completely the problem of the
energy supply during its operaton. For the majority
of applications it will be sufficient tocharge it fully at
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3563, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 38
• SOLAR GOLD' ™
AMERICA'S FAVORITE SOLAR AIR SYSTEM
SOLAR GOLD, INC. mandactures of the Utmate
BTU Mochinesi are «xpanding their dealer and distributor
operations, If your company destres a rettable, Bedible
energy system, for any applicarion, call, write or visit ua.
We are committed, and prepared to develop and support
your organizadion!
TURM THE SUR
NTO GOLD
SOLAR GOLD, INC.
306 N. American Rd.
Cheyense, Wyoming 82007
(307) 635-4653
ELBART SUPER INSULATED TANKS
200 to 1000 Gallons
Three inches of
polyurethane loam for
insulation value of R21
Improved design: Lightweight modules
fit through most doorways. Assemble
in minutes.
NEED A BETTER TANK?
BUY DIRECT AT FACTORY PRICES.
ELBART MANUFACTURING COMPANY, INC.
127 W. Main Streel, Millbury, MA 01527 (817) B66-9412
ENERGY UNLIMITED
the moment of production, and then simply use the
device until this energy is completely withdrawn
The amounts of energy able to be stored in such
devices allow them to be operative for hundreds of
years without the necessity of renewed recharging
g) Simplicity of produetion
The oscillatory chamber will represent probably
one of the most sophisticated devices that human
technology will complete. This, however, does not
mean that it will be difficult to produce. From the
technical point of view it will consist mainly of six
plain walls, requiring to be precisely dimensioned,
finished and assembled, The device has no moving
parts, no complicated shapes and no intricate
circuits.
The only problem connected with the mass
production of oscillatory chambers arises from the
enormous increase of energy consumption which it
will introduce. It is estimated, that the mastering of
such production will increase by tenfold our
civilization's energy demands.
7) Future applications of the oscillatory chamber
To-date there does not exist any other technical
invention. which has altered the state of our
technical environment to the same extent that the
completion of the oscillatory chamber will do. The
impact this device will have on the materialistic
aspects of human life can be compred only to thr
effect of introduction of computers on the intellec.
ual sphere. One can predict that by the year 2036
almost every active device used by man will consist
of some form of the oscillatory chamber. Many
structures which at present are passive, such as
furniture, buildings, monuments, etc; will be
transformed by the oscillatory chamber into active
ones, i.e. moving, altering orientation and adjusting
their location to the changing requirements of their
users. Let us briefly review the main applications of
the oscilltory chamber, trying to forecast what
impact they will have on particular fields of human
activity.
The unique advantages of the oscillatory cham-
bers will result in this device completely takingover
the present functions of electromagnets. Research
laboratories capable of using magnetic fields of
strengths unattainable today will be able to wrest a
number of secrets from nature, introducing a
significant step forward in our science and
technology. Industry utilizing technologies that are
based on the application of super-strong magnetic
fields will provide us with a number of products of
presently unattainable quality. For example we
could produce indestructible rubber and clothes,
objects made completely of, monocristals, concrete
stronger than steel, ete. Also a new type of material.
suiting the magnetic requirements of the oscillator
chamber, will supersede those in use at present.
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 4663, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 39
The oscillatory chamber will eliminate not only
the electromagnets used as separate devices, but also
all those which make up parts of other devices, e.g.
from electric motors, electricity generators, etc,
Such advantages of the chamber as: high power-to-
dimensions ratio, ability to introduce long gaps
between the time of energy supply and the time of
energy consumption, controllability; will result in
the wide application of this device for building light
vehicles, pumps and generators working far from
the energy supply and civilization centres. ship and
aeroplane engines, medical instruments, etc.
The twin-chamber capsule providing a constant
magnetic field will replace
some present-day
permanent magnets. Therefore the future equiva-
lents for our speakers, bearings, clutches, grapples,
rails, ete.; will all employ oscillatory chambers.
The numerous future applications of the chamber
are connected with the ability tostore huge amounts
of energy. To have an idea of what kind of potentials
are involved here. it is enough to realize that the
energy needs for today's factories, towns, big ships
or aeroplanes can be satisfied by a chamber of
pinhead size. All present batteries, accumulators
and electricity transmission lines will be replaced by
light, much more efficient and rechargeable
oscillatory chambers, Built as twin-chamber cap-
sules, they will not yield any magnetic field during
such an exploitation.
A wide application of the chamber can also be
predicted in all cases where the transformation of
energy is required - compare with Table 1. Such
devices as for example generators of free energy -
exploiting solar radiation, wind, ocean waves, tides
- as engines: as air conditioners, ete.: - all can
become very efficient when employing the prin-
ciples of the oscillatory chamber. The transforma-
tion of energy will also replace today's transforma-
tion of motion. Future mechanisms will be much
simpler and lighter, because they will be released
from all the devices which presently provide and
transform motion. The motion will be created
directly in the location where it is working, and in
the exact form that is required. For example if a
future hobbyist were to build a copy of our present
car, he would produce the motion right inside the
wheels, therefore the whole engine, gears and
transmission would be eliminated.
The oscillatory chambers will also introduce a
completely new fashion, which at present nas no
appropriate technical back-up. It will be the fashion
to suspend objects in spaae. It should be expected
that future furniture, household devices, machines
and even buildings and elements of architecture will
hang in space, supported by the invisible force lines
of a magnetic field. One of the consequences of this
fashion will be the complete disappearance of the
wheel, as all present rolling movements will be
replaced by soaring in space. This prediction leads to
the philosophical conclusion, that if the pre-
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Sun Aire™ Systems
offer many
heating options
Sun Aire • Systems:
• No freezing or baling
• No chemicals
• No vaivet or pressure cank!
• Low maintenano
Pre-engineered to umpity
and invalle
For more information or
dealer rearey you, contad:
Sun Aire = Industries
3 COLLECTOR SIZE5/4 SYSTEMS
* harace direct edent sace
• Sun Bather
• umple effective
water healing.
• Sun Combo - heat and water, vear
round coeration
• Sun Downer - compast phase
change storage lor might lim
nesting.
or due ter
ire manulactured by
cutent kale Incarri
"Nobody does in berter
Sun
Aire
2100 San Mateo, NE
Albuquerque, N.M. 87106
5051 366-1321
A note on auxiliary heating systems
for tight houses...
Not only do a horne's occupants need adequate vendation, but headin
plances such as boilers, furaces and wood-buming stoves need al
for combuadon. Chygen la neccasary to assure dean, complete bum
Ing of fuel without unnecessary amoke or carbon monade
production.
dO per g
1000 CL PL per them
300 du PL. per pound
Caergy Desigs Callel
is a group of arch
tects and engineers who specialzarin entry analysta
for inaditutional, commerdal and residential buiklings - boch existing
and on the crewing board. Recent work includes combustion efficienc
prushops for servicer of residential heading equipment, sponsore
y the New York State Eneng Oflo
Energy Derign Collaborative, Inc.
329 Central Avenua, Scaradale, NY 10503 (9141725-1868
columbian Indians had invented the oscillatory
chamber, they would have been able to reach their
high level of development without even knowing
about the use of the wheel.
Enormous potentials are involved in the military
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3346, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 40
Solar and Energy
Conservation Products
Termed Dodge overhead roses w
+ Salar
Indone arts la e
* Darie gress at has
+ Dart tana
Hen emere
Let rudent has
• Sour screene and shade clace
Sciar and earer con
Apse Tocker Hagash
Conse to Brother San and viet
прита іс поге п
Brother Sun
1301 Corrilios Rand
Seats Fo. Nom Mexico 61501
THE FARTHER AWAY
YOU ARE,
THE CLOSER YOU
WANT TO BE
TO OUR INVERTER.
EST ENEMY SYSTEM
2 TOMORROW, INC
Singular Products.
applications of the chamber. A system of these
devices producing whirling magnetic fields will be
able to form barriers and mines which in seconds
may explosively vaporize every object made of a
good electric conductor, entering into their range.
Missiles containing systems of chambers may cause
instant evaporation of huge constructions made of
steel, such as bridges, factories, ships, aeroplanes,
rockets, satellites, etc. The rapid releasing of the
energy stored within a chamber (e.g. through its
detonation) will cause an explosion comparable in
effect to the use of an atomic bomb. The only
difference will be that the chamber will not pollute
the environment by any radioactivity.
The most promising prospects, however,
are
connected with using the oscillatory chamber for
the purpose for which its principle was invented -
Le. for the magnetic propulsion of flying vehicles.
Experiments conducted on magnets lead to the
conclusion that "every two magnets must produce a
force of reciprocal repulsion if only two conditions
are met: (1) identical magnetic poles are oriented
towards each other (i.e. N of one magnet to the N of
the other, whereas S to S), and (2) the magnetic axis
of one magnet is tangential to the local course of
force lines of the field produced by the other magnet
Because natural phenomena behave continuously.
the above repulsive force must also be produced
when the first of these magnets is the Earth, Sun or
Galaxy, whereas the other one is the oscillatory
chamber. In such a case there is the possibility of
breaking up the gravity pull by strong magneti
repulsion, and to employ magnetic interactions for
propelling the spacecraft. It was determined and
published in the article "Teoria rozwoju napedow
(The theory of propulsion development)iAstro-
nautyka (Poland), no 5/1976, pp. 16-21; that the
output from the source of a magnetic field, having
field-to-weight ratio that overcomes the value of 3.45
Wb/kg, is able to lift this source into space as the
result of a magnetic repulsion with the Earth's
magnetie field. This critical output of3.45 Wb/kg was
called the 'starting flux and it constitutes the
magnetic equivalent of "escape velocity as applied
to satellites. Achieving its value, which will open the
way for building of a magnetically propelled
spacecraft. was the main goal for years of research
which led to the invention of the oscillatory
chamber.
The spacecraft utilizing the oscillatory chamber
for propulsion is called a Magnocraft. The detailed
presentation of the design, operation and attributes
of the Magnocraft is the subject of a separate
treatise, containing over 100 pages of descriptions
and about 50 diagrams.
This treatise, entitled
"Theory of the Magnocraft" (ISBN 0-9597698-1-1), is
available from
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 3563T, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4725, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 41
8. The Magnocraft - a flying vehicle utilizing the
oscillatory chamber
To give some initial idea of the Magnocraft's
components, shape, way of flying and possibilities.
the most basic information on this spacecraft is
summarized below.
a) The general design and components of the
Magnocraft
The cut-away view of the Magnocraft is presented
in Figure 6. Propulsion devices in this spacecraftare
created by the oscillatory chambers contained
within the spherical casings. Each chamber has the
ability to turn in relation to the casings. Each
chamber has the ability to run in relation to the
casing, and, by this means, to change its inclination
angle (I). The chamber, together with the casingand
devices providing the turning, is called a propulsor.
The Magnocraft consists of two kinds of propulsors:
main (M) and side (U). The single main propulsor
(M) is suspended in the centre of the craft. The
magnetic poles of this propulsor are oriented so as to
repel the environmental magnetic field (which
could be the field of the Earth. a planet, the Sun or a
galaxy). By this means, M produces a lifting force (R)
which supports the craft. The magnetic axis of M is
usually kept tangential to the force lines of the
magnetic field existing in the craft's area of
operation. Therefore the most effective orientation
of the Magnocraft during flight is its base, perpendic-
ular to the local direction of the Earth's magnetic
field. Sometimes, however, this orientation must be
slightly altered to fulfill the maneuvering and
landing requirements. The Magnocraft consists also
of numerous side propulsors (U). Their number in"
within a particular type of this spacecraft depends
on the design factor called "Krotnose - K
and is
described by the equation n~4(K-1). The "K" factor
may take any integer value in a range from K-3 to
K=10. Because of the value that this factor obtains,
the consecutive types of the Magnocraft are called
K3 (i.e. having the K factor equal to K-3 - and
resulting from this the number of side propulsors
n=8). K4 (i.e. K=4 - and n=12)..... to K10 (i.e. K=10 -
and n=36). The side propulsors are located at regular
intervals in the horizontal flange surrounding the
spacecraft. Their magnetic poles are oriented so as to
attract the environmental field, therefore these
produce attraction forces (A) which stabilize the
craft and fix its orientation in space. The crew cabin
(1) is located between the main (M) and side (U)
propulsors, and is in the shape of a parallel-piped
ring This cabin looks similar to the side walls of an
inverted saucer and is covered by a material which
is impenetrable by the magnetic flux. Along the
interior wall of the crew cabin lie the telescopic legs
(2) of the craft, which are extended at the moment of
landing
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Earth
Fig. 6. Cut-away view of the Magnocraft. illustrating
its internal design. The walls, made of a material
impenetrable by a magnetic field, are indicated by a
broken line. M
- the main propulsor which
produces a lifting force; U - one of the eight side
propulsors which produce stabilizing forces: N -
north magnetic poles; 5 - south magnetic poles; 1 -
inclination angle of propulsors: A - attraction
forces; R - repulsion force: 1 - the crew cabin; 2 -
telescopic legs extended at the moment of landing
b) The shape of the Magnocraft
The structure of the Magnocraft, to be stable and
multi-functional, must meet a set of design
requirements. These requirements demand for
example. that the output from the main propulsor
must be equal to the sum of outputs from all side
propulsors, that the force of attraction of each side
propulsor by the main one. must be in equilibrium
with the forces of mutual repulsion of the same side
propulsor and the rest of the side propulsors. The
requirements, after their mathematical formula-
tion. lead to the set of equations which completely
defines the shape of the Magnocraft. The resultant
form of these equations is given in Figure 7. One
should notice that they define the shape of the
Magnocraft dependingonly on the Ki factor, not on
the craft's dimensions. Therefore several series of
this craft can be designed, drastically differing in
size, and ranging from a miniature, computer-
controlled version to the huge. man-operated
spacecraft. The shapes of individual vehicles in each
of these series will be exact copies of ones from the
other series; only the dimensions will be different. It
is estimated that the series of crew-carrying
Magnocraft should
be
built with dimensions
fulfilling the equation: D=6(K-2) metres.
c) Flight control
Maneuvering the Magnocraft is achieved as a
result of a combination of three different actions.
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3863, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 42
The first of these is to change the relation between
the output from the propulsors which produces
attracting (A) and repelling (R) forces; this causes
the ascent, hovering and descent of the craft. The
second action is to slant at angle (I) the magnetic
axes of certain propulsors, from their parallel
orientation twoards the local course of the force
lines of the environmental magnetic field. This
produces the meridional component of the thrust
force. causing the horizontal flight of the Magnocraft
from south to north or north to south. Above the
equator, where the field's force lines are parallel to
the ground, such a component is produced when the
magnetic axes of certain propulsorsare slanted from
the horizontal orientation. The third action is to
produce a magnetic whirl spinning around the
Magnocraft and to control the direction and power of
the whir]. This whirl (in a similar principle to the
rotation of the cylinder in the "Magnus effect"
already known in hydromechanies), produces a
horizontal thrust force perpendicular to the force
lines of the Earth's magnetic field. If this magnetic
whirl rotates in such a way that the landing
Magnocraft causes the counter-clockwise flattening
of plants on the Southern hemisphere (or lockwise
on the Northern), the longitudal component of the
thrust force created will propel the craft in a
A BEAUTIFUL SUNSPACE
AWEA
AWEA
AWEA
ABA la sale no pronde comat
Itersonel / 296A
rapidiy
entires lo de
maline, Tavas
NI EZ-
...ALSO, AN ENERGY SAVER
ENERGY EFFICIENT is the name of the solar energy game, but gracelu
deran and the natural beauty of wood go a long way in halping you decide
among the many sunspace additions aveiable todey.
One look at a Brady & Sun Solar LavingRoom - with ta unique arches
rood beams and appealing archeecturel detail - tella the eye-pleasim
story, neuroni
Of course, we've built in solar efficiency with our double-
heat retentive
welle and celing (F-26 vale) and ortona indulted
shutters. And when you include the convenience of pre-cut, pre-fitted
design and manulacturer's support, vou'l be convinced the Brady & Sun
LivingRoom has no equal in sunspace orces.
For more iniormation on our compiate sunspace line, or the name of the
desier near you, cal or wnte
Brady & Sun, Inc.
97 Webster Street
Br
Worcester, MA 01503
Tol-free: 1-800-722-1900
In Masa.: (617) 755-9580
Dealership Info
HAPIT
1516 King Street, Ale:
dris, Va. 22314 Tel. (703) 684-5156
direction from west-to-east. The opposite rotating
whirl will propel the craft from east to west. The
magnetic whirl is produced by the appropriate
synchronization of the outputs from the side
propulsors. pulsating with the phase shifts.
From the above explanation it is evident that al
flight control activities can be achieved without the
relative mechanical movement of any part of the
Magnocraft, but only by slanting the whole
spacecraft and controlling the outputs from its
propulsors, Therefore, miniature, computer-oper-
ated versions of this vehicle will be built, without a
single moving part. This craft will be the only
example of a precisely controlled vehicle which does
not consist of any moving part. In the big. man-
operated versions, however, for the convenience of
the crew. it will be better to replace the slanting of
the Magnocraft by tilting the axes of its propulsors
(especially when it comes to landing). In such
versions, the propulsors will be rotary, as was
described previously. Sometimes, especially in the
smaller types K3 and K4 of the man-operated
Magnocraft, to save space a compromise solution is
possible, when the main propulsor is fixed and
consists only of the oscillatory chamber joined to the
structure of the craft, whereas the side propulsors
are rotary (i.e. their chambers revolve toward
spherical casings).
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta, D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3057, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 43
OH H12-121
L+025 KO+
Cert on
GE ON - 0g
Coyne Solar Company
Fig. 7. The compendium of basic equations which
bomine the most important parameters describing
the shape of the Magnocraft's structure. An
interpretation of the dimensions involved is shown
in an outline of the K10 type of craft. 'Il' is the height
of the craft (base to top): D' is the outer diameter of
the craft: Du and Ds are the diameters of the
spherical casings that cover the main and the side
propulsors: 'K' represents the 'Krotnosc' factor
which in consecutive types of craft takes the integer
values ranging from K = 3 to K = 10/for the craft type
K10 this factor take sthe value K = 10): 'n' represents
the number of side propulsors.
d) The specifications of the Magnocralt
The unlimited prospects that the building of the
Magnocraft will create for humanity can be realized
from the following review of the properties of this
vehicle.
The spinning magnetic field will cause cumulative
ionization of air. forcing the creation of a glowing
plasma whirl surrounding the spacecraft. The
centrifugal forces acting on each particle of air in
this whirl, will reject the air out of the surface of
vehicle, forming a kind of a local vacuum duct in
which the craft will fly without friction. This will
allow the Magnocraft to reach a speed of about 70.000
km per hour in the atmosphere, apart from the
flights close to the speed of light in free space. The
vacuum layer surrounding the craft will also protect
it from heat action during flights in melted media.
The silent character of magnetic interactions
in connection with the elimination of a frontal
pressure by the plasma whirl will make the
Magnocraft noiseless in flight. The plasma whirl will
also form a kind of circular saw of enormous power.
which wll enable this vehicle to gnaw through solid
matter (e.g. rock, buildings, bunkers, ete.) creating
glassy tunnels. The centrifugal action of the plasma
whirl, supported by the forces
of magnetic
interactions between the craft's propulsors, forming
a kind of magnetic framework, will provide the
Magnocraft with the ability to withstand any high
environmental pressure. The spinning magnetic
field will induce electric currents in the conductive
materials in the vicinity, changing them into
ENERGY UNLIMITED
Sun
Challenger™
Coyne Solar Company
World's First
made by electricity
from the sun!
PHOTOCOMM INC.
PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEMS
7735 East Redfield Road
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
explosives. This will form around the Magnocraft a
kind of inductive shield. providing it with the ability
to oppose any weapon that our present military
techniques may use against it. When, on a command
from the crew, the spinning magnetic field is
changed into a steady, constant one, the above
properties will disappear. However, in this case a
kind of magnetic lens will be formed around the
craft. This will make the Magnocraft invisible to
fadar and to the naked eye. During any kind of
flight, the operation of this vehicle will be pollution-
free.
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176
