{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-02T15:25:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 66, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 85065664, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304278982599679, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125205-cejka-permanant-magnet-motor.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541079560000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125205-cejka-permanant-magnet-motor.pdf", "source_sha256": "1fda16563c8064c91c18466e2c679098159002da978c5b0cd8b2abe4c2de8ad9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SCIENCE
WITH COPY
& MECHANICS
• OF PATENT
AMAZING
NEW MOTOR
POWERED
ONLY BY
PERMANENT
MAGNETS
15-HP OUTPUT
DRIVES
5000-WATT
HOME
GENERATOR
Reprint by
Interdimensional
Sciences 1985

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AMAZING MAGNET -POWERED MOTOR
We don't grant patents on perpetual motion muchines," said the examiners at
the U.S. Patent Office.
It won't work because it violates the law of Conser-
vation of Energy," said one physicist after another. But because inventor
Howard Johnson is not the sort of man to be intimidated by such seemingly
authoritative pronouncements, he now owns U.S. Patent No. 4,151,431 which
describes how it is possible to generate notive power, as in a motor, using
only the energy contained in the atoms of permanent magnets. That's right.
Johnson has discovered how to build motors that run without an input of elect-
ricity or any other kind of external energy!
The monumental nature of this invention is obvious, especially in a world
facing an alarming, escalating energy shortage. Yet inventor Johnson is not
rushing to peddle his creation as the end-all solution to world-wide energy
problems. He has more important work to do. First, there's the need to re-
fine his laboratory prototypes into workable practical devices -in particular
a 5,000-watt electric power generator already in the building. His second
and perhaps more difficult major challenge: persuade a host of sceptics that
his ideas are indeed practical.
Johnson, who has been coping with disbelievers for decades, can be very
persuasive in a face-to-face encounter because he can now do more than merely
theorize, he can demonstrate working models that unquestionable create motion
using only permanent magnets. When this writer was urged by the editor of
SCIENCE & MECHANICS to make a thousand mile pilgrimage to Blacksburg, Virginia,
to meet with the invemtor, he went there as an 'open-minded skeptich and as
a former research scientist determined not to be fooled. Within two days,
this former skeptic had become a believer. Here's why.
DOING THE UNTHINKABLE. Howard Johnson refuses to view the "laws" of
science as somchow sacred, so doing the unthinkable and succeeding is second
nature to him. If a particular law gets in the way, he sees no harm in going
around it for a while to see if there's something on the other side. Johnson
explains the persistent opposition he experiences from the established scient-
ific community this way: "Physics is a measurement science and physicists are
especially dtermined to protect the "Law" of Conservation of Energy. Thus
the physicists become game wardens who tell us what "laws' we can't violate.
In this case they don't even know what the game is. But they are so scared
that I and my associates are going to violare some of these laws, that they
(2)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2717, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have to get to the pass to head us off!
The critics say Johnson offers a "free Lunch" solution to energy problems,
and that there can be no such thing. Johnson demurs, reminding repeatedly
that the has never suggested that his invention provides something for nothing.
He also points out that no one talks about a "free Lunch" when discussing
extraction of enornous amounts of atomic power by means of nuclear reactors
and atom bombs. In his mind, it's much the same thing.
Johnson is the first to admif he doesn't actually know where the power he
has tapped derives. But he postulates that the energy may be associated with
spinning electrons, perhaps in the form of a "presently unnaned atomic part-
icle." How do other physicists react to Johnson's suggestion that there may
be an atomic particle so far over-looked by nuclear physicists? Says
Johnson: "I guess it's fair to say that most of them are revolted." On the
other hand, a few converted scientists, including some who are associated with
large and prestigious research laboratories, are intrigued enough to suggest
that there should be a hunt for the answer, be it a 'particle of some other
as yet unsuspected characteristic of atomic structure.
This article is prefaced with the foregoing brief summary of the ongoing
controversy so that, in fairness to the inventor, we might all ciew his claims
with open minds, even if it means temporary setting aside of cherished
scientific concepts until more complete explanations are forthcoming. The
main question to be answered here and now is this: Does Johnson's permanent
magnet notor work?
Before providing the answer, we need to face up to another question that
undoubtedly nags in the minds of many readers: Is Johnson a bona fide re-
searcher, or merely a "garage mechanich mad inventor? As the following brief
summary suggests, the inventor's credentials appear to be impeccable.
Following seven years of college and university training, Johnson worked on
atomic energy projects at Oak Ridge did magnetics rescarch for Burroughs
Company, and served as scientific consultant to Lukens Steel. He has part-
icipated in development of medical electrical products, including unjection
devices. For the military be invented a ceramic muffler that makes a
portable motor generator silent at 50 feet: this has been in production for
the past 18 years. His contributions to the motor industry including: a
hysteresis brake: non-locking brake materials for antiskid, new methods of
curing brake linings; and a method of dissolcing asbestos fibers. He has
also worked on silencers for small motors, a super charger, and has perfected
a 2 pole no-brush generator to go in the wheel of Lincoln automobiles as a
(3)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 505, "chars": 3015, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
skid control; that last item reduced the cost to one-eighth of the cost of an
earlier design by utilizing metal-filled plastics for the armature and field.
In all, Johnson is connected with more than 30 patents in the fields of chen-
istry nd physics.
STICKY TAPE SCIENTIST. Despite his impressive credentials, this amiable
and unpretentious incentor likes to characterize himself as a "sticky tape"
scientist. He sees no cirtue in wasting time building fancy, elaborate equip-
ment when more simple assemblies serve as well to test new ideas. The pro-
totype devices shown in the photographs in this article were assembled with
sticky tape and aluminum foil, the later material being used mainly to keep
individual permanent magnets packaged together so that they do not fly apart.
Perhaps the best way to describe what these three gadgets do si by recit-
ing this writer's personal experiences during the interview demonstration.
That way I will not merely be telling what the inventor says they do, but I
will reveal what happened when I tried the experiments myself. When we start
talking about how and why the things work as they do, we'll have to rely on
the inventor's explanations.
The first item consists of more than a dozen foil-wrapped magnets assembled
to form a broad arc. Each magnet is extended upward slightly at each end to
form a low U-shape, the better to concentrate magnetic fields where they are
needed. The overall curvature of the mass of magnets apparently has no part-
icular significance except to show that the distance between these stator
magnets and the moving vehicle is not critical. A transparent plastic sheet
atop this magnet assembly supports a length of plastic model railroad track.
The vehicle, basically a model railroad flatcar, supports a foil-wrapped
pair of curved magnets, plus some sort of weight, in some cases merely a rock.
The weight is needed to keep the vehicle down on the track, against the power-
ful magnetic forces that would otherwise push it askew. That is all there is
to the construction of this representation of a "linear motor."
I was prepared to develop eye strain in an effort to detect sone sort of
motion in the vehicle. I need not have been concerned. The moment the in-
ventor let fo of the vehicle he carefully placed at one end of the track, it
acelerated and literally zipped from one end to the other and flew onto the
I was prepared to develop eye strain in an effort to detect some sort of
motion in the vehicle. I need not have been concerned. The moment the in-
ventor let fo of the vehicle he carefully placed at one end of the track, it
acelerated and literally zipped from one end to the other and flew onto the
floor! Wow!
I tried the experiment myself, and could feel the powerful magnetic forces
at work as I placed the vehicle on the track.
I gently eased the vehicle to
the critical starting point, taking great care not to exert any kind of for-
ward push, even inadvertently. I let go. Zip!
It was on the floor again, at
(4)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2659, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the other end of the track. Knowing that I would be asked if the track might
have had a slant, I reversed the vehiele and started it from the opposite end
of the track. It would just as effectively in the reverse direction. In fact,
the vehiclecan even navigate a respectable upgrade. In light of these tests,
and considering the remarkable speed of the vehicle, you can discount any notion
that this was a simple "costing" effect.
Incidentally, the photograph shows the vehicle about half ways along the track.
It was "frozen" there by the electronic flash used to make the picture; there
is no way of "posing" the vehicle in the position short of tying it down.
The second device has the U-shaped magnets standing on end on a rough cir-
ular arrangement oddly reminiscent of England's Stonehenge. This assembly
is mounted on a transparent plastic sheet supported on a plywood panel pivoted,
underneath, on a free-turning wheel obtained from a skateboard. As instruct-
ed, I eased the 8 ounce "focusing magnet into the ring of large magnets,
keeping it at least four inches away from the ring. The 40-pound magnet
assembly immediately began to turn and accelerated to a very respectable
rotating speed which it maintained for as long as the focusing magnet was
held in the magnetic field. When the focusing magnet was recersed, the large
assembly turned in the opposite direction.
Since this assembly is clearly a crude sort of motor, there's no doubt that
it is indeed possible to construct a motor powered solely by permanent
magnets.
The third assembly, which looks like the bones of some prehistoric sea
creature, consists of tunnel constructed of rubber magnet material that can
be casily bent to form rings. This was one of the demonstration models
Johnson took to the U.S. Patent Office during his appeal proceedings.
Normally the patent examiners spend only a few minutes with each patent
applicant, but played with Johnson's devices for the better part of an hour.
As the inventor was leaving, he overheard one sideline observer remark:
"How would you like to follow that act?"
It took Johnson about six years of legal hassling to finally obtain his
patent, and he has been congratulated for his ultimate victory over patent
office bureacracy as well as for his inventiveness. One sign that he left
the patent office more than a little shaken by the experience was the inclusion
of diagramatic material in the printed patent that does not belong there.
So if you look up the patent, pay no attention to the "ferrite" graph on the
first page; it belongs in some other patent!
The tunnel device of course worked very well in the inventor's office
(Б)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
during my visit although Johnson observed that the rubber magnets are perhaps
a thousand times weaker that the cobalt/samarium magnets used in the other
assemblies. There's just one big problem with the more powerful magnets: they
cost too much. According to the inventor, the magnets used to construct the
Stonehenge rotating model are collectively worth more than one thousand
dollars. But there's no need to depend solely on mass-production econimies
the bring the cost down to competitive levels. Johnson and U.S. Magnets and
Alloy Co. are in the process of developing alternative, relatively low cost
magnetic materials that perform very well.
HOW DO THEY WORK? The drawing that shows a curved "arcuate" armature
magnet in three successive positions over a line of fixed stator magnets pro-
vides at least highly simplified insights into the theory of permanent magnet
motive power generation. Johnson says curved magnets with sharp leading and
trailing edges are important because they focus and concentrate the magnetic
energy much more effectively than do blunt-end magnets. These arcuate magnets
are made slightly longer than the lengths of two stator magnets plus the
intervening space, in Johnson's setups about 31/8 inches long.
Note that the stater magnets all have their North faces upward, and that
they are resting on a high magnetic permeability support plate that helps
concentrate the force fields. The best gap between the end poles of the arm-
ature magnet and the stator magnets appears to be about 3/8 inch.
As the armaure north pole passes over a magnet, it is repelled by the stator
north pole; and there's an attraction when the north pole is passing over
a space between the stator magnets. The exact opposite is of course true
with respect to the ammature South Pole. It is attracted when passing over
a stator magnet, repelled when passing over a space.
The various magnetic forces that come into play are extremely complex,
but the drawing shows some of the fundamental relationships. Solid lines
represent attraction forces, dashed lines represent repulsion forces, and
double lines in each case indicate the more dominant forces.
As the top drawing indicated, the leading (N) pole of the armature is
repelled by the north poles of the two adjacent magnets. But, at the indicated
position of the armature magnet, these two repulsive forces (which obviously
work against each other) are not identical; the stronger of the two forces
(double dashed line) overpowers the other force and tends to move the
(6)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2764, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ammature ot the left. This left movement is enhanced by the attraction force
between the armature north pole and the stator south pole at the bottom of
the space between the statir magnets.
And that's not all! Let's see what is happening simultaneously at
the other end (S) of the armature magnet. The length of this magnet (about
3 1/8 inches) is chosen, in relation to the pairs of stator magnets plus
the space between them so that once again the attraction/repulsion forces
work to move the armature magnet to the left. In this case the armature pole
(S) is attracted by the north surfaces of adjacent stator magnets but, be-
cause of the critical amature dimensioning, more strongly by the magnet
(double solid line) that tends to "pull" the amature to the left. It
overpowers the lesser "drag effect of the stator magnet to the right.
Here also there is the needed of, in this case, repulsion force between the
south pole of the armature and the south pole in the space between the stator
magnets.
The importance of correct dimensions of the armature magnet cannot
be over-emphasized. If it is either too long or too short, it could achieve
an undesirable equilibrium condition that would stall novement. The objective
is to optimize all force conditions to develop the greatest possible off-
balance condition, but always in the same direction as the armature magnet
moves along the row of stator magnets. However, if the armature is rotated
180 degrees and started at the opposite end of the track, it would behave
in exactly the same manner except that it would in this example, move from
left to right. Also note that once the armature is in motion, it has mom-
entum that helps carry it into the sphere of influence of the next pair of
magnets where it gets another push and pull, and additional momentum.
COMPLEX FORCES. Some very complexmagnetic forces are obviously at
play in this deceptively simple magnetic system, and at this time it is
impossible to develop a mathematical model of what actually occurs. How-
ever, computer analysis of the system, conducted by Professor William
Harrisonand his associates at Virginia Polytechnic Instute (Blacksburg, Va.),
provide feedback information that greatly in the effort to optimize
these complex forces to achieve the most efficient possible operating design.
As Professor Harrison points out, in addition to the obvious inter-
action between the two poles of the armature magnet and the stator magnets,
many other interactions are in play. The stator magnets affect each other
and the support plate. Magnet distances and thier strengths vary despite
best efforts of manufactors to exercize quality controls. In the assembly
of the working model, there are inevitable diffrences between horizontal
(7)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2644, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and vertical air spaces. All these interrelated factors must be optimized,
which is why computer analysis in this refinement stage is vital. It's a
kind of information feedback system. As changes are made in the physical
design, last dynamic measurements arc made to see whether the expectet re-
sults have actually been achieved. The new computer data is then used to
develop new changes in the design of the experimental model. And so on,
and on.
That very different magnetic condition exist at the two ends of the
armature is shown by the actual experimental data displayed in the table
and associated graph. To obtain this information, the researchers first
passed the probe of an instrument used to measure magnetic field strengths
over the stator magnets and the intervening spaces. We shall call this
the "Zero" level although there is a very tiny gap between the probe and
the tops of the stator magnets. These measurements in effect indicate what
each pole of the armature magnet "sees" below as it passes over the stator
magnets.
Next the probe is moved to a position just beneath one of the
armature poles, at the top of the 3/B-inch armature-to-stator air gap.
Another set of magnetic flux measurements is made. The procedure is repeated
with the probe positioned just beneath the other armature pole.
Now "instinct" might suggest, and correctly so, that the flux mea-
surements at the top and bottom of the air gap will differ. But if "instinct"
also suggests that these differences are pretty much the same at the two
armature pole positions, you would be very much in error!
First study the two tables that show actual flux density measure-
ments. Note that in this particular experiment the total magnetic flux
amounted to 30,700 Gauss (the unit of magnetic strenght) when the probe was
held at the "Zero" level under the north pole of the magnet, and a total of
28,700 Gauss when the probe was moved to the top of the 3/4-inch air sap.
The difference between these total neasurements is 2,000 Gauss.
Similar readings made at the air gap between the south pole of the
armature and the stator magnets indicated a total flux at "Zero level of
33,725 Gauss, and 24,700 Fauss at the top of the air gap. This time the
difference is a much larger 9,025 Gauss, or four and one half times greater
than for the north pole! Clearly, the magnetic force conditions are far
from identical at the two ends of the armature magnet.
The middle five pairs of figures from each table have been plotted
in graphic form to make these differences more obvious. In the top
"South Pole¿' ¿graph the dashed line connects the 'Zero¿ ¿level readings made

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 827, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Zero" Air Gap
SOUTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Repulsion)
(Attraction)
925
$75
800
500
375
300
600
450
550
575
400
475
6,950 Gauss
33,725 Gausa
(Total)
26,775 Gause
% " Air Gap
SOUTH POLE of Ammature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Repulsion)
(Attraction)
9,475 Gauss
15,225 Gauss
24,700 Gause
(Total)
"Zero" Air Gap
NORTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Attraction)
(Repulsion)
9,025 Gauss
(Difference)
ồỊồ Air Gap
NORTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Attraction)
(Repuision)
1175
1050
1000
• 11,325 Gausą
30,700 Gauss
(Total)
19,375 Gauss
11,600 Gause
17,100 Gauss
28,700 Gauss
(Total)
2,000 Gauss
(Difference)
Readings taken at the north and south pole of the armature magnet indicate there la
constant off balance situation. Note in one case the total difference is 2000 Gauss

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 864, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOUTH POLE OF ARMATURE
GAUSS
2000
1500
1000
500
"ZERO* AIR GAP '
3/B" AIR CAP
2000 -
1500
1000
500
NORTH POLE OF ARMATURE
IZERO AIR GAP.
1/EỊAIR GAP
STATOR MAGNET
Above are plots of ex-
perimental data showing
the dramatically different
magnetic effects at the
north and south poles of
armature magnet. These
are stepped" readings
made over the stator
magnets and spaces be-
tween them. If the mag-
netic flux patterns are
plotted on a continuous
basis as the armature
moves along the stator
track, the result la a
"ainusoldal* graph.
At
right is diagram showing
complex magnetic forces
Interacting to create off-
balance
effects
that
move the armature from
right to left. Solld lines
show
magnetic attrac-
tion, dashed lines show
repuision. Double lines
represent the more pow-
erful forces at work.
SPACES
ARMA TUH
STATUH MAGNETS
HIGH PERMEABILITY
SUPPORT PLATE

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Johnson wants nothing to do with Detroit at this time because, as he puts
it: "It's too emotional-we'd get smadhed into the earth!" The inventor
is equally reluctant to make predictions about other applications as well,
mainly because he just wants time to perfect his ideas and, hopefully, get
the scientific establihment to at least consider his unorthodox ideas with
a more open mind.
For example. Johnson argues that the magnetic forces in a permanent
magnet represent superconductance that is akin to pehnomena normally ass-
ociated only with extremely cold superconducting systems. He argues that a
magnet is a room temperature superconducting system because the electron
flow does not ceasue, and because this electon flow can be made to do work.
And for those who pooh-pooh the idea that permanent magnets do work, Johnson
has an answer: "You come along with a magnet and pick up a piece of iron,
then some physicist says you didn't do any work because you used that
magnet. But you moved a mass through a distance Right? That's work that
requires energy. Or you can hold one magnet in the air indefinitely by
positioning it over another magnet with like poles facing. The physicists
will argue that because it involves magnetic repulsion, no work is done.
Yet if you support the same object with a jet of water or a stream of air,
they will agree in a minute that work is done!"
There's no doubt in Johnson's mind that he has succeeded in extract-
ing usable enrgy from the atons of permanent magnets. But does that imply
that the electron spins and associated phenomina that he tinks provide this
power will eventally he used up? Johnsons makes no pretense of knowing
the answer: "I didn't start the electron spins, and I don't know any way to
stop then--do you? They may eventually stop, but that is not my problem."
Johnson still has many practical problems to solve to perfect his
invention. But his greater challenge may be to win general acceptance of
his ideas by an obviously nervous scientific commiunity in which many
physicists remain compulsive about defending the law of Conservation of
Energy without ever wondering whether that "law" really needs defending.
The dilemma facing Johnson is not really his dilemma but rather
that or other scientists who have observed his prototypes. The devices
obviously do work. But the textbooks say it shouldn't work. And all that
Johnson is really saying to the scientific community is this: here is a
phenomenen which seems to contradict some of our traditional beliefs. For
all our sakes let's not disniss it outright bu take the time to really
understand the complex forces at work here.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2640, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
over the stator magnets and over the intervening air spaces. Points along
the solid line indicate comparalbe readings made with the probe just bene-
ath the armature south pole. It is easy to see that there is an average 43
percent reduction of the attraction between the armature and stator magnets
created by the air gap. Equally true, but perhaps not so obvious, is the
fact that there is an average 36 percent increase of repulsion when the south
pole of the armature pases over the spaces between the stator magnets. The
percentage increase only seems smaller becasue it applies to a much smaller
"Zero" level value.
The second graph shows that the changes are much less dramatic at
the north pole of the armature. In this case there's an average 11.7 percent
decrease of attraction over the spaces and a 2.4 percent increase of repulsion
when the armature north pole passes over the stator magnets.
As you study the data be sure to note that the columns are labled
differently. Inthe case of the north pole data, the stator magnet areas
repulse the armature north pole while the spaces between the stator magnets
attract. The conditions are exactly the opposite for the south pole of the
armature magnet. When the south pole passes over a magnet there is streng
attraction; when it passes over a space, there is repulsion.
THE ULTIMATE MOTOR. A motor based on Johnson's findings would be of
extremely simple design compared to conventional motors. As shown in the
diagrams developed from Johnson's patent literature, the stator/base unit
would contain a ring of spaced magnets backed by a high magnetic permean-
bility sleeve. Three arcuate armature magnets would be mounted in the
armature which has a belt groove for power transmission. The armature is
supported on ball bearings on a shaft that either screws or slides into the
stator unit speed control and start/stop action would be achieved by the
simple means of mocing the armature toward and away from the stator section.
There is a noticeable pulsing action in the simple prototype units
that may be undersirable in a practical motot. The movement can be smoothed,
the inventor believes, by simply using two or more staggered armature
magnets as shown in another drawing.
WHAT'S AHEAD? For inventor Howard Johnson and his permanent magnet
power source there's bound to be plenty of confroyersy, certainly, but also
progress. A 5000-watt electric generator powered by a permanent magnet motor
is already on the way, and Johnson has firm licensing agreements with at least
four companies at this writing.
Will we see permanent magnet motors in automobiles in the near future?

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 26, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
kT es Se a eb fa ee a ee

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 69, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
See ES OA IO gy,
ny (ie

a
= Fe F
a
-

-_ = = = ——, > = os = —_

te

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1619, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S
United States Patent (19)
Jomnoa
(5) PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
[To] Inventor
Howard H. Jole on, 4X) Mt Hops
RJ Gita L
M12h 4
422,306
Dec. 6, 1973
13 Ad
Ist. CL
1g UNO
S10-1.
#V152
[al Puld of Search
24/116, 9. 41
PIG 1
4/20, 27/118 A, 119 A, 120 A. 121 N.122
A, 12A, 124, 125 A 126A, 110 A, 11 A, 14
149 14 137
14 A
Refetences faed
US PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,074, 15 1
21974 laker el al
380/12
Priaty Екали
- Donovan I Duggan
Attorney, Ag :
or Firm -H-aman & Beaman
(57]
ABSTRACT
The inve
in is directed to the method of utiliang the
(+5]
4,151,431
Apr. 24, 1979
unpaired electron spins in ferro magnete and other
materials as a source of magnene fields fur producing
power without any electron flow as necurs in normal
conductors, and to pernanent magnet motors for unliz-
up this meifad to produce a power source. In the prac-
hee of the insens the unpaired electron spon occur-
fin: within permanent magnets are utrized to produce a
motive power wurce solely thruagh the superconduc
Trap characterities of a permanent magnet and the mag-
nels lux created by the magnets ate contralled and
conventrated to onent the magnetic forces gentrated in
such a manner to do useful continuou work, such as the
deplacement of a motor with respect to a stater. The
frang and onestation of magnetic farces at the rotor
and stator components produced by permanent magnets
to produce a motor a accomplished with the proper
geometnical relationship of these components.
28 Claims, 10 Drawing Figures
ELECTEFMECEIAT CAL COUPLING
Q40-
Q30
020
EL
0.10
FERRITE OF
THIS INVENTION
CONVENTIONAL
Ni FERRITE
10
20
BIASSING MAGNETIC FIELD H (0e)
30

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4343, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F905
4,151,431
2
now of magnete passive parteles or magnete nu
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
INVENTION
causes the unpaired electros to spm at riga eagles
Under cryogene super onduction condion the freez-
He of the crystal in place makes a possible for the spina
4 In coninue, and in a permanent magnet the grain onene
Des bab
tim of the magorneed matnal revolts in the spins
ahed then
perting them on commuc and for the lux to flow
HACKGROUND O
TH INVENTIN
paradel to the metal
In a superatior, af feat the electron is flowing
merene to and the pane parce napong later, when crical,
the revene oceans, te, the electron a spamng and the
potive partale is fowing of righi angles These pini-
ive potheles will threat or work their way through the
electron spins presen in the metal
- 13
In a sense, a permanend magnet may be considered
the daly tood temperature superconductor. It n a su-
perductor became the election tow does not cease
aid th chectrom thow can he male to do witk beeause
at the magnens field i supples Prevanusly, thn source
+ 20 of power has not been and hearse if was fot posable
un mushly the electron fow maccomplish the swiching
functions of the magnete feld Such switching fune
Ins ate common in a enventonal electre moti
Eaten of an
where electral current in employed to alga the much
electrapto 1
cuponde ncht produced by 2s greater electron current on the son pole pieces and
the perma
concentrate the magnete field at the proper places to
ployed ta +
pive the thrust necessary in move the nor armature
nels and the
Hot to mapache bichis, to pror
In a conventual electra antar, awaching n accom
duce the atre pine
pinhed by the use of brushes, commutators, alternating
I is my belier that the full poteatal of magnets to current, or other known means
faces eating in permanent magues has but been rec-
In order to accomplish the switching function in a
neived or ail
red he awe of moomplete monate permanent magnet stor, at a necessary to shield the
magnete takage so that i will nut appear as too great
a his factor at the whung plies The best method to
the 35 accomploh this i to we the superconduct of mag
sene fus and concentrate d to the place where i wai be
the most eflective Ting and witching can be
ренн
achieved in a permanent magnet molor by cincentral
• The en I particle n hehesed m
mie the tux and using the poper grometty of the motor
riphanglevin to rom and stator to make most elfeelive use of the mag-
Anuhl De Vers
welle helds generated by the electton spins. Hy the
proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
nene concentration, it is possible to achieve a mechant-
thes las
cal advantage of high ratio, greater than 100 to 1, capa-
41 ble of produring a commuous monive force
To my knowledge, previons work done with perma
1 day sp
way that they spond to
nent magners, and motive devices anlizing perinanent
magnes, have it delieved the result desired in the
practice of the saventive somept, and it a with the
they were pared, that wagners felly world cavel so proper comboaton of materal, geometry and mag-
out Then brng empathey create a maurable
nene concentration that the presence of the magnetie
som withn a permanent thugher may be undized as a
dueen The spass ate at uph angles to then maphere
mative torce
feliẠạẠi
at a crical state, the 55
munet hat fee co.
ae nbe at naht andle Ths
Lane the te
51 2009-
tent o deciron
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
It is an object of the invention to aulize the magnetic
spaning phenomenon of unpared electrons occurring
in ferra magnete matenal to produce the movement of
A i the
a mass in a unidirectional manner as to permit a motor
impren that part tamed and sereondes
a to be driven solely by magnetic forees as occurring
Nanage of phalacing
within permanent muguets In the practice of the inven-
tell ta pud cieetron spos tather
tive concept, motor of either hear or rotative types
......
may he prol weed
It is an ohest of the mennon to proude the proper
one preters we wetal thache proton of combation of materals, genetry and mappete con-
replace, the flow turns to df strun spins and the past
centration to white the force generated hy unpaired
te particles tow paraller a the metal a the manner
electron spon exong to permanent magnen to power •
dearnne in a permanent magher whate a povertul
nator, Whether the motor constitutes a luear embode

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 932, "chars": 5746, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
779- 1-
3
4,151,431
3
ment, or a cotary embodiment, an each instance the
"stator may const of a plalts
ner liked relaine treach mhe
define a track, beat a form an
and checlar in born in the neat
Sated my
being imposed upon the armature moguets. In this aaa
9 167
ner the speed of rotation of the rotary embodinent may
he regulated
AE S
BRIEF DESCRIFTION OF THE DRAWINGS
The aforementioned yeets and advantages of the
such track de
inventon wii be apprenated hom the following des
Bap evis the
weapons and accompanying drawngs wherem
magnet a defined by poles of oppone polants
Fic. 1 a a schemate view of electron flow in a su-
lupth of the stratate mapher n de posed relat
no the in pereadactor inda tung the imparted electron spars.
track defied my the
Inguis in the do
1RC1. 2 is a crossectal view of a superconductor
the part of a
it of the annature mapact
under a chical state dustrating the electron spus,
pleed by the madache h
110. 3 is a view of a permanent mgnet distrating
The stater magnet are so mated that poles a like
the flus movement therethrough,
pot rey are deposed toward the chantane maract and po
wetnal view illustrattag the chame-
an the amate magnet has pols which are nih a
fer of the magnet of 11G. 3.
tracted to and repelled by the and:
114 5 is an elevatanal representation of a linear
magnets, boil attraction and repubion forces but upon
ne tor embodiment of the permanent magnet motor of
the atinatate macnet to prote the relaty, displace
the inventon dustrating one position of the armature
mr betwe
a the armatute i saut magnets
Do mupnet relative to the stator magnets, and indicating the
The coman anchore postacing depla cheat
magnets forces imposed upon the armature magnet,
beiween the arafate and star marnes results from
TIG. 6 N a view simlar to FIG 5 dustrating dis
therellansing
pot the luth of the armatur
placement of the armature magnet relause to the stator
- 5o the
magnets, and the influence of magnets forees thereon
dimes dof the state ma e
Petween, in died
cans there 25 at thas location.
the putat arture dee
11G. 7 is a further elevational view similar to FIGS
and meet was
5 and 6 dustrating further displacement of the armature
angs, and with an acceptable at pup spacing between
moyer to the left, and the mifluence of the magnete
the satur and armature mapsets, will predeve a tosal
fences therean,
lant lee open the armature marner which displaces 30
FIG. 8 is a top plan view of a linear embodiment of
the armature nagnet across the stater magnet along its
the inventive concept illustrating a pair of armature
Pah of mement
magnets in linked relationship disposed above the stator
In the practse of the avention movemen of the
armane met relative to the salad magnets resals
HO. 9 is a demetrical, elevational, sectional view of
Hom a cons
o of
and repuls wees if a rotaty motor embodinent at accord with the inven
in the st
ten as taken along secton IN- 1X of 11G. 10, and
concentaine the ma.
the sater sad ar
11G 10 is an elevatinal view of the rotaty motor
nuture men the ene
wed opon the
embodiment as taken along section X-X of FIG. 9.
armore muget is intenade
and in the decked
emain such magene tell concentate means 40
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
EMBODIMENTS
are disclosed
The deshaed magnetie field concentrating means
In order to better understand the theory of the inven-
comprise a plate of high matthe felt petmeability
tive concept, reference is made to FIGS. 1 through 4. In
* at
no sale of testator mpus in sabe
TIG. 1 a superconductor 1 is illustrated having a pov
Stil ent
at therent the belt preity 45 five parcle flow as represented by arrow 2, the un-
posed ada poles of tike pobots
paited electrons of the ferrous conducting matenal 1
of the statur n
is The i
we field of the ara-
spin at right angles to the proton flow in the conductor
hite maget say be cutormiated and diestonaly
as represented by the spiral lime and arrow 3. In accord
• magnet, amt 11e mag-
with the theopy of the unvention the spinning of the
nene field may farter be col
irated by shaping the 5o ferrous unpaired electrons results from the atomic struc
pole end ot the annature avnet to concentate the
ture of ferrous materials and this spinning atomic part-
magnet felt at a relatively lented surface at he rma-
die is beheved to be opposite in charge and incated al
Late magnet pole ests
right angles to the moving electrons. It i assumed to be
Pretetably, a platey of armature mugnets are usedl
very small in we capable of penetrating other elements
which are sappered wah eyeet to eatin a the $ and their compounds unless they have unpaired elec
diren of ammature me net lovement Such an of
trony which capture these particles as they endeavor to
seing or spreted of the amature mappers dinbe
paws therethrough
ales the nades of force me ned upon the abnalute
The lack of electrical reustance of conductors at a
• ab abd pesels in amoether applanet of farces
critical superconductor state las lomp been recognized
inthe armature magnet probe asinther and more no and superconductors have been unbaed to produce
go i me of the a cop
very high magnene lux density elretromagnets. FIG 2
adidiment a the permanent mapnet
represents a crow setion of a enteal superconductor
.......
ral the electron spins are indicated by thie arrows 3
as relate
our the
A permar at manet ma Peona tered a supercon-
stan mates Has are on baud or produeng feld n5 ductor as the eleanon flow dierem does not cease, and
meet between the slaint all armature
is without rentance, and amparted electric spinning
pen to shast the at sherent defand and
I meles exist which, in the prachce of the invention,
thereby regriate the magntale of the magnene torees
Futilized to produce motor fired FIG. 3 illustrates a

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 768, "chars": 4556, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
5
6
the stator magnets 12 are indicated by the light dotted
shoe shaped
: Nus thererhe-
enetie n a
and the mag
lines
The armature magnet 24 in muntained in a spaced
relationship above the slator track 2
-. The sacing may
he accomplished by moming He armature magnet
and the spHe
A the as
upon a side, guide or track located above the stater
magnels, of the satate magnet cold be mounted
upon a wheeled veinele carnage or shide supported
of terrous
proper letter
upon a nommagnete urface or gundeway disposed be
151
Dween the stator magnes and the armatute magnet. To
clanly the lastration, the means for supporting the
armature magnet 24 is not illustrated and such means
lem an part of invention, and it is to be understood that
He meals supporting the armature magnet prevents the
15
armature magnet from moving away from the stator
magnes, of waving closer thereta, but permits free
muvement of the armature magnet to the left or night in
• The Is relan
I madele
a drecton parallel in the track 22 defined by the stator
magness
It will be noled that the length of the armature mag
net 24 is slightly greater than the width of two of the
the stal
* I
His Satanuga
a reciatigalar
that the poles
I as will be
Nator magnes 12 and the spaaing therebetween. The
magnehe forces aching upon the armature magnet when
in the poston of FIG 5 will be repulson forees 34 due
to the proximiny of like polanty forces and attraction
des 14 and 16
forces at 36 because of the opposite polity of the south
pole of the armature magnet, and the north pole field of
A Of a med
the wear magness The relative strength of this force a
represented by the thickness of the force line.
The resultant of the force vectors imposed upon the
le under the trade•
on Mica Com
He 20 will be
armature magnet as shown in FIG. 5 produce a primary
force vector 38 toward the left, FIG. 5, displacing the
armature magnet 24 toward the left. In FIG 6 the mag
nete Inrees acting ap the armature magnet are repre
Herewul, al
aned newsen
cutalels locate
stan the staton
45
vented by the same reference numerals as in FIG. S
While the forces 34 constitute repulsion forces tending
to move the north pole of the armature magnet away
freal the stater magnets, the attraction forces imposed
upon the south pole of the armature magnet and some of
for pees 12 an the reputao fores, tend to move the armature magnet
Oghich as sueli
further to the Ill and as the resultant force 38 contin-
being muposed
ues in he toward the left the armature magnet continues
to he forced to the left
t of the arma
FIG. 7 represents further displacement of the arma
ich The the 45
ture magnet 24 to the left with respeet to the position of
each other de-
FIG 6, and the magnete forces acting thereon are
recton lelt In
represented by the same reference numerals as in FIGS
right a
5 and 6, and the stator magnet will continue to move to
* the left, and wich movement conunues the length of the
24 daced while HO Ma part of
anitare mags 50 track 22 defined by the stator magnes 12
wn In poposes of understading the cou
Upon the armature magnet being reversed such that
the inventin the descripta here will be
the north pole is postumed at the right as viewed in
Inter tethe use of vatele anature matart as shown in
FIG 5. and the south pole is posioned at the left, the
FION 5 cough T
direction of movenient of the armature magnet relative
The armate marner:
wheren the length ex!
Handlampat
• from let
L'onfiguranon
55 to the stator magnets is toward the right, and the theory
Angal. FG 5,
of movement is sentical to the t described above.
and may be of a
vass sectal
In FIG 8 a plurality of armature magnets 40 and 42
shape For magnete feld con
and orientation
are illustrated which are connected by links 44. The
purposes
sed in an areude bowed
armature magners are of a shape and configaration iden-
conI
niface 26 and e0 tical to that of the embodiment of FIG. 5, but the mag
Comes vaniaces 280
and at the ends
nets are staggered with respect to each other in the
of the an
& | he apprenated /
direchion of mapnet movement, te., the direction of the
a the end
track 22 de fined hy the statur i agnes 12. By so stagger-
red surface
ing a ploraly of armature megarts a smoother move-
30 to #
Size ta en
ends at 12
and the i
area at the magnet o5 ment of the anterconnected armature magnets is pro-
da period between the
duced as compared when wang a single armature mag
wheated ny the
net as there is vanation in the forces acting upon each
pache Fields
arnature magnet as it moves above the track 22 due to

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 4893, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
He Ise
1 The
vector tending to deplace the armature nupnetin their
path of movement acreases However, the decreasing
of the spacing between the armatate and stator magach
creates a pubativat in the mover tent of the armature
arice & magnets which a astonable, hut can be, to some
exicht, minored by ung a plutality of atature mag-
nels The mereasing of the distance between the arma-
tire and water magnet reduces the polation tendency
....
of the armature magner, but also redes the magnitude
cribed to at the magnene forces imposed upon the armature mag
with Thin, the mint chective sparing between the at
matate magnets Than, the most cHeche spacing he
CHICH
tween the armature and stator agness i that spacing
which produces the maximum force vector an the direc
eing 15 how of armate maplet movetent, with a minion
creahon of objechonable pulsation.
mho
In the dicksed embodiments the lugh permeabilty
intes a
pate 20 and sleeve 56 are doched for concentrating
Naded
the magicte field of the stator magnets, and the arma-
he star a tute magnets are bowed and have shaped ends for mag
ache field concentration purposes. Whule such magnetic
sleeve So
Let permer
Natetial
and a faralty of stact arels
teld concentration means resuit in higher forces a
pied upon the armature magnes for given magnet
mensities, it is not intended that the inventive concepts
here f be hated to the use of such magnete field concentrat
me means.
Ay will be appreciated from the above description of
used men
• 56 ant a conves
the invention, the movement of the armature magnet or
Aer polite 61
magnets resulisfrons the desenhed relationdap of com-
The armature 62, in the distrated embodmen, i of t ponents. The length of the aralate magnets as related
a dished configuraton fave a falal wich por
in and
to the width of the stator mugnets and spacing therebe
AS P
• 61. The nature 42 is
tween, the dimenson of the air gap and the configura
obnapen mutal, and at armalar belt
won of the magnete field, combined, produce the de-
wired re-alt and motion. The inventive concepts may be
practiced even though these relationslaps may be varied
Lottef pawer consuming device
is 68 are noted on the armature parian
nets ate of a crefigurated simulat to
within lims nor yet defined and the invention i in-
tended to encompas all dimensional relationships
which achieve the deured goal of armature movement.
lty way of example, with respect to FIGS 4-7, the
7. In peso
fed with rewest to each wo following dimensions were used in an operating proto-
other in a etcutletental du
mon the thag-
Be afe mot disposed as 12 viren
nal relatan-
"The length of armature magnet 24 is 3g", the stator
shaw treach other Ra bet a light afg
magnets 12 are 1" wile; I" thick and 4" long and grain
of die artanture magnets is destable to
th not"
onented. The air gap between the poles of the armature
Pie maplete bases has popoed upon the armature as 45 magnet and thestator nagnets is approximately 11* and
the spacing hetween the stator magnets is approx
Deponed upse darl of the mature magnes The stage
mately s" inch
Acting at pancatute ta pues 63 in a cucumterential
In effect, the stator magnets define a magnetie field
due a prelates the same elect as the tappermy of
track of a stigle polarny transversely interrupted at
he matt na nets 40 and 42 as show a 1C;
on spared locations by the magnetic fields produced by the
The anta:
ere 62 namated open a tael shut 70
lines of force existing beiween the poles of the stator
by andra tom bearags 72 ped the what 74h is threaded
magnets and the undirectional force exerted on the
inte the sten teaded he 52, and may he reated by
armature magnet is a result of the repulsion and attrac-
the kins 74 In the macher rotation of the knob 74 al
ton forces existing as the armature magnet traverses
shaft 70 pally displacs do araure of weth re-pect 19 this magnene field track.
wets seand such anal displacement
It is to be understond that the inventive concept em-
braces an arrangement wherein the armature magnet
spin the dature auguets 68 by the diet nunets
component is stationary and the stior assembly is sup
Hereby coting the speed of tration of the armat
ported for movement and constitutes the moving com-
& ponent, and other variations of the inventive concept
A+ wil cemeted from FiGs 4-7 and 9 ad 10, an air
a or we rotatore dugnet of magnets and
will he apparent to those skilled in the art without de-
parting from the scope thereof. As used herein the term
"trackiis intended to meade both linear and circular
ral open the
arrangements of the state mayhet, and the "direction"
......
i went If the distance between as or length" of the truck is that direction parallel or
ashe satur mage ton reduced
concentre to the intended direction of armature megnet
the totees impased upon the artare mapean by the
statut maples are mereased, and the revaltant force
1 claim

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 790, "chars": 4964, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14. 1
* 13
4.151,431
10
1 A permane
natan, a stater ink defiany
having fast and s
dy of trace pers
sand pole +r
Unposed e
beiwear .
trank sale
13 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 12
.. .
ed of a plant
Hate am!
wherem said armature magnets are circumferentally
neautormly spaced on said armature
14. A permanent magner motor comprising, in combi
* tan, a stator comprising a platality of catcumferen-
Bally spaced stater permanent magnets having poles of
opposite polunty, sand magnes being arraaged tomeb
stamally define a cicle hermy an ass, the poles of said
magnets bang in a faded leon with respect towed
d. Is ros and pals of the same polanty facing away tom
wheren
and was and the poles of opposte polanty faung
and sad lack t
ward said ass, an armature mounted tor rotatton
fast and seat ples a p
este potanty located at the
abon sant ans and diposed adjacent sand stator, at least
opposte cuts of sad an
I deline tar
nee amanure permanent magnet having poles of oppo-
length thetent. the
1f are polarity mounted on and armature and in radial
speed flaship to said circe ofatator magach, sand
the socient and armature
atatute magnet poles calending in the circumferental
magnet pules from sand track a
ded sade and he
declam of armature rotation the spoene of said anna-
lemph of said
tute muenrt piles from said stator magnes and the
to eir amferental length of saul armature magnet and the
4 46
*ping of sand stator magnets being such as to impose a
armature magnet in sant.
comtuang circumferental force on sand armature mag:
reactal directin of said trava
not be rotate said armature.
1 Inape
mat as a where
15. In a permanen: magnet motor as in elain 14
the space
sand armature magnet as wheren a pluranty of armature magnets are mounted
and the a p
upon sad armature
Emer mean 1 wier
16. ln a permanent magnet motor as in clam 14
the spast, between alicent track naphen safes
wheren said armature magnets are asymmetneally eir-
4 In a persianes
mera ban 1 where
conferentally spaced on sand a mature.
a plurabts of armature ne
we are jend a me to
17 In + peratient mugnet motor as in claim 14
mon side of sand stator track, said armature magnets
wherein the poles of said armature magnet are shaped to
beg mechandally
concentrate the magnetic field thereof
5 lar
um 4 wherem
IN In a permanent magnet motor us in claim 14, mag
wene feld concentraung means anciated with said
schrath
magners concentrating the magnete felds
reaper as in clan 1 wheren
Cated with
therent at the spacings between adjacent stator mag-
neTs
19 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
n clam 6 wheren
where and magnet Feld concentrating means com-
SU H
shiver of 40 pines an annular ring of high magnetic field permeabit-
• held permeday
ily material concentric with said axis aad in substantial
depende and pole ot
that ade and pole h
net.
i track at oppose ta
engagement with poles of like polarty or said stator
if toward set anatore me-
magich
20. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
I dam 1 wheren + wherein sal armature magnet is of an arcunte bowed
and armanure maps.
Is longitaimal dir
11 133
configuranon in the direction of said poles thereof de-
lining a enneave side and a conves side, said concuve
ends doped to
side beme disposed toward said ans, and said poles of
trate the maguets, bald at sand end
said atmature magnet being shaped to consentrate the
so mapnete field between said poles thereof
and state task not a pederally fatar configaraton
21 la a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14,
and means sappalee sad armature mognet telative to
nicans for amally dosplacing said stator and armature
said track for genetally mear nivement of said arma
relative to each other to adjust the asial alignment of
Ture marnel
wad stater and armature magnets.
10 to a perman meet to l in dam N
22. 1 he method of producing a unidirectinal mouve
wheren a 1 stator tra. & angiels define a entele has ma
fotee by permanent magnets aving a plurality of spaced
de can, ar arrane natably daunt will respect to
Mater permanent magnets huving oppose polanty
and track and cre entre and cop cal thereto, said atta-
poles defining a track having a predetermined direction,
and an armature magnet having a length defined by
ture may a bany tounted upon sal armature
to pale of opposite polanty movably mounted for move
1 In a pane can 10.
ment relatave to the track in the direction thereof, and of
a predetermined length deterined by the width and
track wine the nat relinspot sand amarare
Magnet and wall state to nets toy feared toad ad
the fate nt rotatan of at armature
danettes of said stator magnets comprise! inrabng a
magnete field track by wand stator magnes having a
as magnete field of common pulary it rupted al
as i chat 10
spaced locations in a direction tram-verse to the diree-
wheren a plaralts of anture maples ate inountat
Ion of said magnetic feld track by magnet: felds ere
on said arnature
ated haagnetie ies of force existing beiween the

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2063, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
11
poles of the stator magher and postionag the .
Magnet in spaved relation twind magnet
Lettudandy lated to
13
lature
vid track
enetic
magnetic field existing hetween the poles of the araa-
ture magnet.
26. The method of prolueng a motive force by per-
manent magnets where the unpaired electron spinning
sal 4 parteles existing with a permanent magnet are un-
Ived for producing a move force comprising forming
of the
a stator mapiete feld track by means of at least one
permanent magnet, producing an armature
held by means of a pernament magnet and shaping and
the mag, 10 locating sad magnene fields in such a manner as to
tween
produce relative contrauous undircenonal motion be-
tween said stator and armature field producing magnets
24 The serial vi produce a undrechnal nubve
27. The methnd of producang a nonve force by per-
force as in clan 22 mindue concentat the mag
manent magaels as in clan 26 where said stator mag-
ten. ficki easty between the poles of the atature 13 nene field is sunstantally of a single polary
28 The method of producing a motive force by per
25 The met dat prode n
netic held,
the poles of the statut maplets and cons
Ital mise
• He THE
we betaven
HE the 20
manent magnets as in clam 26 eluding concentrauing
the magnetic field of said water field track and armature
magnetic field.
Dear Friend of Interdimensional Sciences,
This booklet about the magnet motor is being published by us to
partially explain the 72kw magnet motor-generator set that Dimensional
Sciences Inc. hopes to produce by fall, 1985. One dollar of the five
dollar cost of this booklet will pay for your deposit of the expected
total cost of the generator of $6000.00, if you so desire. Please fill
out the bottom half of this page and send it to: Dimensional Sciences Inc.
P.O. Box 167, Lemont GA 30552. The number on the form will tell your
place in line for the generator unit.
252
Name_
Mailing Address_
City_
Telephone #_
State_
Freight Address (if different than above)
Name
Address
City_
State
Directions (keep it simple)
zip.
252
_Zip_

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 1019, "chars": 6498, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTION CONVERSION
MEANS
nets. A diverter device alternately diverts the magnetic
field of one of the stationary magnets so that only the
other stationary magnet, which at that time has its di-
rection of polarity in opposition to the polarity of the
HACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
5 movable magnet, is capable of influencing the movable
The present invention relates to a magnetie motor in
magnet hy the creation of a repulsion force between
which both the nuvable and the stationary members
the magnets This repulsion force in turn causes the
are constructed from permanent mugnets
movement of the movable magnet
Due to the lack of available sources of standard types
In the preferred embodiment of the present inven-
of fuel and to the concerns for protecting the environ
10 tion, the stationary magnets and the movable magnets
ment, alternative sources for supplying energy for the
are all constructed of horseshoe-shaped magnets The
driving of power systems becomes highly advanta-
first and second stationary magnets are adjacently ar-
geous. One type of power system which eliminates the
ranged and laterally offset with respect to one another.
need for fuel and also eliminates the ecological draw-
The movable magnet is mounted for rotation about an
haeks of fuel consumption. is a system which utilizes
15 axial member so as to enable its direction of polarity to
magnetic motors. With the increasing problems of
be inversed due to the rotution of the movable magnet.
available sources of fuel and dangers to the environ-
Accordingly, when the magnetic field of the movable
ment. the interest in the utilization of such motors has
magnet is orientated in the same direction as the mag
recently significantly increased. Accordingly, many at-
netic field of one of the stationary magnet
the diverter
tempts are presently being mode to provide magnetic 20 device diverts the magnetic field of the other stationary
motors which can he economically and efficiently oper-
magnet such that only the magnetic field of the station-
aled for providing power
ary magnet having the same direction of polarty as the
Several topes of magnetic motors are known in which
magnetic field of the movable magnet influences the
a rotating set of magnets are in henced by aftractive
movable magnet. Due to the identity in the direction of
and repulsise frees which are created hy a set of sta- 25 magnetic ficks between the magnets, a repulsion force
tionary magnets. In one such device, as shown in U1.S
is created between the magnets which in turn causes
Pat. No. 3,703,653, In Robert D. Tracy et al. a sel of
the movable magnet to rotate about its axial member.
magnets minted for rotation about an axis are first at-
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
tracted towands the corresponding stationary magnets
After the rotatable magnets are aligned with the sta- 30
FIG. 1 is a partly sectional view of a drive unit of a
nonary hipnets, the magnetie feks of the statiary
first embodiment of a magnete motor in accordance
nupnets are then altered so as to provide a repulsion
with the present invention
force with respect to the rotatable magnets therchy
FIG: 2 is a perspective view of the magnetic members
causing the continued rotation of the rotatable mag
and the diverter member shown in FIG. I, with the di-
nels. In order to accomplich this effective inversion of ?f verter member being in a first position
the polarity of the stationary magnets, so as to alter-
FIG 3 is a view similar to FIG. 2, with the diverter
nately pronade the attractive and repulsive forces. the
member being in a second position
stationury magnets are initially covered by magnetic
FIG. 4 is a side perspective view of a second embodi-
plates as the rotatable magnets are approuching the po-
ment of a magnetic motor having a plurality of drive
sition of the stationary magnets. These mognetic plates
40
units, which are similar to the type of unit shown in
in effect cause the stationary magnets to provide an at-
FIG. L.
tractive force to the rotatable magnets. When the totat-
FIG. 5 illustrates the angular relationship between
able magnets are then in alignment with the stationary
the movable members shown in FIG. 4.
magnets, these magnetic plates are removed and the
FIG. 6 is a front elevational view taken along lines
stationary magnets then provide a repulsion force to
, 45 VI-VI in FIG. 4 and showing one of the diverter mem-
the rotatable mapnets and thereby cause the con
nued
bers shown in FIG. 4.
movement of the rotatable magnets. With this type of
FIG. 7 is a side elevation of a portion of a third em
system, it is necessary that in addition to the stationary
Indiment of a magnetic motor having a plarality of
and rotatable magnets that the magnetic plates which
drive units of the type shown in FIG. 1.
are provided also be of a magnetic material.
50
FIG. 8 is a front elevational view taken along lines
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
VIII-VIlI in FIG. 7 and showing the interconnection
of a plurality of the drive units shown in FIG. 7.
An ohject of the present invention is to provide a
FIG. 9 is a front elevational view of a portion of a di
magnetic motor which can he both efficiently and eco-
verter member for use with the magnetic motor illus-
nomically operated for providing power
55
trated in FIGS. 7 and 8.
Another object of the present invention is to provide
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
a magnetic motor which operates purely on the cre-
ation of repulsion forces between a set of stationary
EMBODIMENTS
magnets and a corresponding minable magnet
60
A magnetic motor having a power drive unit, as
In accordance with the present invention, these oh-
shown in FIG. 1, has two stationary magnets 2 and 3
jectives are achieved by providing a magnetic motor in
mounted within a housing I and a movable magnet 4
which a movable magnet is alternately effected by a re-
mounted for movement within the magnetic fields of
pulsion force created by either a first or second station-
the stationary magnets The stationary magnets 2 and
ary magnet. The first and second stationary ma
agncts 65
3. which are hoth horseshoe-shaped magnets, are ar-
are arranged with inverse directions of polarity and the
ranged with opposite directions of polarities. These sta
movable magnet is mounted an as to move within the
tionary magnets are pusitioned adjacent to one another
magnetic fields of the first and second stationary mag-
but laterally offset such that the north pole of magnet

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3870, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
control the operation of the diverter member 21 in the
said first diverter means includes a plate member with
same manner as described above with respect to the
separate first and second bars of a first metal material
embodiment shown in FIG. 1,
arranged therein and means for reciprocally moving
Within the arrangement of the magnetic motor illus-
said plate member such that said first and second hars
trated in FIG. B, it is also possible to utilize a plurality 5 are alternately positioned adjacent to said first and sec-
of separate diverter members, If separate diverter
ond stationary magnets, respectively, for interrupting
members are utilized, it is possible to supply one mem-
the magnetic fields thereof.
ber for each vertical set of drive units, i.e. there would
4. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
be four such members which would in turn be operated
said stationary magnets and said movable magnet are
in synchronization.
10 horseshoe-shaped magnets and said magnets are ar-
It is noted that the above description and the accom-
ranged such that the open-side of said stationary mag-
panying drawings are provided merely to present excm-
nets face the open-side of said movable magnet.
plery embodiments of the present invention and that
5. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
additional modifications of such embodiments art pos-
said means for removing said plate member includes a
sible within the scope of this invention without deviat- 15 spring coupled to one side of said plate member so as
ing from the spirit thereof.
to move said plate member in one direction and sole-
I claim:
noid actuated means coupled to the opposite side of
1. A magnetic motor having at least ond magnetic
said plate member for selectively applying a force for
drive unit, the drive unit comprising first and second
moving said plate member in an opposite direction.
stationary magnets arranged with inverse directions of 20
6. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein:
polarity: a miable magnet mounted for rotation
there are a plurality of said drive units, each plate mem-
within the magnetic fields of said first and second sta-
ber of said units has an arm extending from one side
bonary magnets, said movable magnet being mounted
thereof, said arms are enupled to a common rotatable
about an axial member so us to enable its direction of
shaft, said shaft has a plurality of cams, each coupled
polarity to be inversed as said movable magnet rotates: 25 to a respective one of said arms, and said shaft and said
diverter means for alternately diverting the magnetic
cams constitute said means for moving said plate mem-
fields of said first and second stationary magnets for
ber; and said movable magnets are connected to a com-
preventing such magnetic fields from influencing suid
mon said axial member, said movable magnets being
movable magnet so as to enable only said stationary
mounted on said axial member so as to be offset from
magnet having its direction of polarity in opposition 30 one another hy equal angles.
with the polarity of said movable magnet to influence
7. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
said mable mugnet by creating a repulsion force be-
there are a plurality of said drive units, said drive units
tween said magnets and thereby causing the movement
being aligned along a common plane, saiu plate mem-
of said movable magnet
hers of said units being connected together so as to be
2. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 1 wherein 35 moved in synchronism; and further comprising a gear
said first and second stationary magnets are adjacently
member concentrically mounted on each of said axial
arranged and laterally offset with respect to one an-
members, said gear members being interconnected
other.
with one another.
3. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 2 wherein
.....
40
45

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1155, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The scientific community is nervous and skeptical about the
permanent magnet motor because some believe the device would
constitute a violation of the law of conservation of matter and
energy. However, this cannot be the case without an entire re-
vision of physics as we know it.
Far more likely, there is a mechanism by which energy is enterring
the system from a source as yet unknown to us.
One possibility is the extraction of energy stored in the electron
spins. When the reporter from Science and Mechanics asked Johnson
whether the magnetic spin was being depleted as the motor operated,
he replied as follows: "I didn't start the electron spins and I
don't know anyway to stop them- do you? They may eventually stop,
but this is not my problemạẠại
Regardless of the true nature of source of its power the
Johnson Permanent Magnet Motor is one of the most attractive
possibilities in the world of "Pree Energy". It is not only one of
the few documented and patented devices with large yields, it is
also one of the simplest of all the devices discussed in this book.
Consequently the Johnson Permanent Magnet Motor warrants major
research effort.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 235, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
U.S. Patent apr. 24, 1979 Sheet 2 of 2 4,151,431

earpires.. 5

m
4 tom”. *, a a: s a=
, or ‘eam £ J yt oes eS ts Bee, se
Ta Cee era ee ee ie.
o™ = #
a? =.
& See 7

peiemed ie ee eee te

20— \o" W—12

y ET TT A aT aT Te see age
jo —”

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 1045, "chars": 6790, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
ment, or a rotary embodiment, in each instance the
being imposed upon the armature magnets. In this man-
"stator" may consist of a plurality of permanent mag-
ner the speed of rotation of the rotary embodiment may
nets fixed relative to each other in space relationship to
be regulated.
define a track, linear in form in the linear embodiment,
and circular in form in the rotary embodiment. An 1
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
armarure magnet is located in spaced relationship to
The aforementioned objects and advantages of the
such track defined by the stator magnets wherein an air
invention will be appreciated from the following de-
gap exists therebetween. The length of the armature
scription and accompanying drawings wherein:
magnet is defined by poles of opposite polarity, and the
FIG. 1 is a schematie view of electron flow in a su-
length of the armature magnet is disposed relative to the 10 perconductor indicating the unpaired electron spins,
track defined by the stator magnets in the direction of
FIG. 2 is a cross-sectional view of a superconductor
the path of movement of the armature magnet as dis
under a critical state illustrating the electron spins.
placed by the magnetic forces.
FIG. 3 is a view of a permanent magnet illustrating
The stator magnets are so mounted that poles of like
the flux mavement therethrough,
polarity are disposed toward the armature magnet and 15
FIG. 4 is a cross-sectional view illustrating the diame
as the armature magnet has poles which are both at-
ter of the magnet of FIG. 3,
tracted to and repelled by the adjacent pole of the stator
FIG. 5 is an elevational representation of a linear
magnets, both attraction and repuision forces act upon
motor embodiment of the permanent magnet motor of
the armature magnet to produce the reiative displace-
the invention illustrating one position of the armature
ment between the armature and stator magnets
20
magnet relative to the stator magnets, and indicating the
The continuing motive force producing displacement
magnetic forces imposed upon the armature magnet
between the armature and stator magnets results from
FIG. 6 a a view similar to FIG. 5 illustrating dis
the relationship of the length of the armature magnet in
placement of the armature magnet relative to the stator
the direction of its path of movement as related to the
magnets, and the influence of magnetic forces thereon
dimension of the stator magnets, and the spacing there. 25 at this location,
between, in the direction of the path of armature mag-
FIG. 7 is a further elevational view similar to FIGS
set movement. This ratio of magnet and magnet spac-
5 and 6 illustrating further displacement of the armature
ings, and with an acceptable air gap spacing between
magnet to the left, and the influence of the magnetic
the stator and armature magnets, will produce a resul-
forces thereon,
tant force upon the armature magnet which displaces 30
FIG. 8 is a top plan view of a linear embodiment of
the armature magnet across the stator magnet along its
the inventive concept illustrating a pair of armature
path of movemeat
magnets in linked relationship disposed above the stator
In the practice of the invention movement of the
magnets
armature magnet relative to the stator magnets results
FIG. 9 is a diametrical, clevational, sectional view of
from a combination of attraction and repulsion forces 35 a rotary motor embodiment in accord with the iaven
existing between the stator and armature magnets. By
tion as taken along section IX-IX of FIG. 10, and
concentrating the magnetic fields of the stator and ar-
FIG. 10 is an elevational view of the rotary motor
mature magnets the motive force imposed upon the
mbodiment as taken along section X-X of FIG. 9.
armature magnet is intensified, and in the disclosed
embodiments such magnetic field concentration means 40
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
are disclosed.
EMBODIMENTS
The disclosed magnetic field concentrating means
In order to better understand the theory of the inven-
comprise a plate of high magnetic field permeability
tive concept, reference is made to FIGS. 1 through 4. In
disposed adjacent one side of the stator magnets in sub-
FIG. 1 a superconductor 1 is illustrated having a posi
stantial engagement therewith. This high permeability 45 tive particle flow as represented by arrow 2, the un
material is thus disposed adjacent poles of like polarity
paired electrons of the ferrous conducting material 1
of the stator magnets. The magnetic field of the arma
spin at right angles to the proton flow in the conductor
ture magnet may be concentrated and directionally
as represented by the spiral line and arrow 3. In accord
oriented by bowing the armature magnet, and the mag-
with the theory of the invention the spinning of the
netic field may furtber be concentrated by shaping the so ferrous unpaired electrous results from the atomic strac
pole ends of the armature magnet to concentrate the
ture of ferrous materials and this spinning atomic part-
magnet field at a relatively limited surface at the arma-
cle is believed to be opposite in charge and located at
ture magnet pole enda
right angles to the moving electrons. It is assumed to be
Preferably, a plurality of armature magnets are used
very small in size capable of penetrating other element
which are staggered with respect to each other in the 15 and their compounds unless they have umpsired elec
direction of armature magnet movement. Such an off-
trons which capture these particles as they endeavor to
setting or staggering of the armature magnets distrib
pass therethrough.
utes the impulses of force imposed upon the armature
The lack of electrical resistance of conductors at a
magnets and resuits in a smoother application of forces
critical superconductor state has long been recognized.
to the armature magnet producing a smoother and more 60
and superconductors have been utilized to produce
uniform movement of the armature component.
very high magnetic flux density electromagnets. FIG. 2
In the rotary embodiment of the permanent magnet
represents a cross section of a critical superconductor
motor of the invention the stator magnets are arranged
and the electron spim are indicaled by the arrows 3.
in a circle, and the armature magnets rotate about the
A permanent magnet may be considered a supercon
stator magnets. Means are disclosed for producing rela- 65 ductor as the electron flow therein docs not cease, and
tive axiai displacement between the stator and armature
is without resistance, and unpaired electric spinning
magnets to adjust the axial alignment thereof, and
particles exist which, in the practice of the invention,
thereby regulate the magnitude of the magnetic forces
are utilized to produce motor force. FIG. 3 illustrates a

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 7017, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
7
the change in magnetic forces imposed thereon. The use
vector tending to displace the armature magnets in their
of several armature magnets tends to tamooth out the
path of movement increases. However, the decreasing
application of forces imposed upon linked armature
of the spacing between the armature and stator magnets
magnets, resulting in a smoother movement of the arma-
crestes a *puisation" in the movement of the armature
ture magnet assembly. Of course, any number of arma- 5 magnets which is objectionable, but can be, to some
ture magnets may be interconnected, limited only by
extent, minimized by using a plurality of armature mag,
the width of the stator magnet track 22
nets. The increasing of the distance between the arma
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a rotary embodiment embracing
ture and stator magnets reduces the pulsation tendency
the inventive concept is illustrated. In this embodiment
of the armature magnet, but also reduces the magnitude
the principle of operation is identical to that described 10 of the magnetic forces imposed upon the armarure mag
above, but the orientation of the stator and armature
nets. Thus, the most effective spacing between the ar-
magnets is such that rotation of the armature magnets is
mature magnets. Thus, the most effective spacing be-
produced about an axis, rather than a linear movement
tween the armature and stator magnets is that spacing
being schieved.
which produces the maximum force vector in the direc
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a base is represented at 46 serving 15 tion of armature magnet movement, with a minimum
as a support for a stator member 48. The stator member
creacion of objectionable pulsation.
48 is made of a nonmagnetic material, such as synthetic
In the disclosed embodiments the high permeability
plastic, aluminum, or the like. The stator includes a
plate 20 and sleeve 56 are disclosed for concentrating
cylindrical surface 50 having an axis, and a threaded
the magnetic field of the stator magnets, and the arma-
bore 52 is concentrically defined in the stator. The sta- 20 ture magnets are bowed and have shaped ends for mag
tor includes an annular groove 54 receiving an annular
netic field concentration purposes. While such magnetic
sleeve 56 of high magnetic field permeability material
feld concentration means result in higher forces im-
such as Netic Co-Netic and a plurality of stator magnets
posed upon the armature magnets for given magnet
58 are affixed upon the sleeve 56 in spaced circumferen
intensities, it is not intended that the inventive coocepes
tial relationship as will be apparent in FIG. 10. Prefers- 23 be limited to the use of such magnetic field concentrat-
bly, the stator magnets 58 are formed with converging
ing means
radial sides as to be of a wedge configuration having a
As will be appreciated from the above description of
curved inner surface engaging sleeve 36, and a conves
the invention, the movement of the armature magnet or
outer pole surface 60.
magnets resultsfrom the described relationship of com-
The armarure 62, in the illustrated embodiment, is of 10 ponents. The length of the armature magnets as related
a dished configuration having a radial web poroon, and
As the width of the stator magnets and spacing therebe
an axially extending portion 64. The armature 62 is
tween, the dimension of the sir gap and the configura-
formed of a nonmagnetic material, and an annular beit
tion of the magnetic field, combined, produce the de
receiving groove 66 is defined therein for rectiving a
sired result and motion. The inventive concepts may be
belt for transmitting power from the armature to a gen- 35 practiced even though these relationships may be varied
erator, or other power consuming device. Three arms-
within limits not yet defined and the invention is in
ture magnets 68 are mounted on the armature portion
tended to encompass all dimensional relationships
64, and such magnets are of a configuration similar to
which achieve the desired goal of armarure movement.
the armature magnet configuration of FIOS. 5 through
By way of example, with respect to FIOS. 4-7, the
7. The magnets 68 are staggered with respect to each 40 following dimensions were used in an operating proto
other in a circumferential direction wherein the mag-
type
nets are not disposed as 120° circum/erential relation-
The length of armature magnet 24 is 34", the stator
ships to each other. Rather, a slight angular staggering
magnets 12 are I" wide, I" thick and 4" long and grain
of the armature magnets is desirable to smooth out
oriented. The air gap between the poles of the armature
the magnetic forces being imposed upon the armature as 45 magnet and the stator magnets is approximately liạand
a result of the magnetic forces being simultaneoualy
the spacing berween the stator magnets is approxi-
imposed upon each of the armature magnets. The stag-
mately iạẠỊimch
gering of the armature magnets 68 in a circumferencial
In effect, the stator magnets define a magnetic field
track of a single polarity transversely interrupted at
direction produces the same effect as the staggering a so spaced locations by the magnetic fields produced by the
the armature magnets 40 and 42 as shown in FIG. 8.
The armature 62 is mounted upon a threaded shaft 70
lines of force existing between the poles of the stator
by antifriction bearings 72. and the shaft 70 is threaded
magnets and the unidirectional force exerted on the
into the stator threaded bore 52, and may be rotated by
armanure magnet is a resuit of the repulsion and attrac-
the knob 74. In this manner rotation of the knob 74, and
tion forces existing as the armature magnet traverses
shaft 70, axially displaces the armature 62 with respect 51 this magnetic field track
to the stator magnets 58, and such axial displacement
It is to be understood that the inventive concept em
will very the magnitude of the magnetic forces imposed
braces an arrangement wherein the armature magnet
upon the armature magnets 68 by the stator magnets
component is stationary and the stator assembly is sup
thereby controlling the speed of rotation of the arma-
ported for movement and constitutes the moving com-
ture.
60 ponent, and other variarions of the inventive concep
As will be noted from FIGS. 4-7 and 9 and 10, an air
will be apparent to those skilled in the art without de-
gap exists between the armature magnet or magnets and
parting from the scope thereof. As used herein the term
the stator magnets and the dimension of the spacing.
track is intended to include both linear and circular
effects the magnitude of the forces imposed upon the
arrangements of the static magnets, and the direction
armature magnet or magnets. If the distance between as or length" of the track is that direction parallel or
the armature magents, and the stator magnets is reduced
concentric to the intended direction of armature magne
the forces impused upon the armarure magnets by the
movement
stator magnets are increased, and the resultant force
1 claim:

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1936, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
4,151,43łł
12
poles of the stator magnets and positioning the armature
magnetic field exsting between the poles of the arma-
magnet in spaced relation to said magnetic field track
ture magnet
longitudinaily related to the direction of the magnetic
26. The method of producing a move force by per-
field track such a distance that the repuision and attrac
manent magnets wherein the unpaired electron spinning
tion forces imposed on the armature magnet by said 5 particies existing within a permanent magnet are uti-
magnetic field track imposes a continuing unidirectional
lized for producing a motive force comprising forming
force on the armature magnet in the direction of the
a stator magnetic field track by means of at least one
magnetic field track.
permanent magnet, producing an armature magnetic
23. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
field by means of a permament magnet and shaping and
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag- 10 locating said magnetic fields in such a manner as to
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
produce relative continuous unidirectional motion be-
the poles of the stator magnets.
tween said stator and armature field producing magnets.
24. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
77. The method of producing a motive force by per-
force as in claim 22 including concentraing the mag-
manent magnets as in claim 26 wherein said stator mag-
netic field existing between the poles of the armature 15 netic field is substantially of a single polarity.
magnet
28. The method of producing a motive force by per-
29. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
manent magnets as in claim 26 including concentrating
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag-
the magnetie field of said stator field track and armature
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
magnetic field.
De poles of the stator magnets and conce
20

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2792, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BUILDING YOUR OWN "FREE ENERGY"
DEMONSTRATION MODEL
I feel certain that you still have some difficulty accepting the reality
of free energy. When Howard Johnson applied for his original patent
(#4,151,431), he had to build actual rotary and linear test models of
much greater sophistication than the model described herein. He was
finally awarded the patent on appeal by the unanimous vote of eight
patent examiners. This included everyone of his 28 claims.
In awarding Johnson his patent, the U.S. Patent Office acknowledged
permanent magnets as a source of energy.
Johnson's prototypes contradict current scientific theories regarding
the conservation of energy or at least magnetic spin. The very existance of
the working models point to our lack of knowledge of the atomic
structure of magnets.
Computers were used extensively to determine magnet stator shape
and rotor design. The mathematics generated to calculate the forces in the
rotor and stator are monumental. Critical size and shape relationships
must be maintained between the fixed stator magnets and the curved magnets
with sharp leading and trailing edges used in the rotor, if one is to produce
usable quantities of power.
As Johnson's long appeal battle with the Patent Office has proven,
"When It comes to free energy, most of us are from Missouri". We
want someone to show us. Once we see that something works, then
we are prepared to accept it and lend our enthusiasm to is.
For this reason, we are including this detailed description of
the design and construction of a very simple working model.
For those who find this model too elementary, we are offering some
suggestions as to the construction of more useful and sophisticated designs.
The basic idea was to show the actual generation of energy without input
according to one of the inventions described in the body of the text. The criteria
for such a model were clear:
1) It had to be buildable at minimal cost.
2)
Materials had to be readily obtainable.
3)
Construction time should be minimal.
4)
Tools should be limited to the most common.
5)
No mechanical knowledge should be required on the part of the builder.
For simplicity of theory and irrefutability of existance and performance the Johnson
Permanent Magnet Motor was the obvious choice.
We set out to apply these five criteria to a linear working model. After some
trial and error we arrive at the assortment of materials shown in Figure 1.
Prototypes are extremely difficult to build because there are no economies
resulting from mass production. As a result this is the most sophisticated model
that could be bullt for under $15.00 at prevailing retail prices.
Below you will find a listing of parts and recommended suppliers (a scale is
provided to enable you to determine dimensions in Figure 1).

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3154, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
QUANTITY
ITEM
Guide Rod for armature
(Chop Stick or dowel)
Test Magnet
Stator Track
SUPPLIER
Chinese Restaurat
Arts & Crafts Shop
Radio Shack
Building Supply Store
Hardware Store
5
Stator Magnets
Radio Shack
1
Glass Jar (label intentionally
Super Market
left on the jar)
Armature Magnet
Hobby Shop
(3 small magnets)
Non-Ferrous Bowls (plastic)
Super Market
The first step in constructing the model is the assembly of the stator. This
is shown in Figure 2. The magnets are placed on the track with a spacing of
approximately 50% of the magnet's diameter between them. The fest magnet is used
to check the magnetic polarity. (The North Pole of each magnet must be facing
upward.) It is critical that the pole faces be up and down as shown in Johnson's Patent.
The second step simply involves placing the armature magnet parallel to the
length of the jar and sealing the jar water-tight. The armature magnet must be
polarized end-to-end but shaping with pointed ends and a curvature is not necessary
for this application.
The final assembly procedures involve the following;
1) Place stator magnet assembly into the bowl.
2)
Fill the bowl with water. For the version we used the depth was
3½ inches - or + ¼ inch.
Position the guide rod parallel to the stator assembly.
4)
Place the armature jar in the water and work to attain a geometry
as shown in Figure 4. This is the most difficult step and may require
considerable trial-and-error. The real key to the success of the
Johnson Motor is the geometric relationship between the parts.
Once the final assembly has been accomplished, the model will perform as
shown in Figure 5. It will accelerate along the track from one end to the other.
Turn the armature jar 180° and it will run the opposite way. Reverse the armature jar
magnet and it will run backwards. Reverse one stator magnet and it will stop. Reverse
all of the stator magnets and it will run backwards.
These few simple experiments should easity convince you that free
energy is real and the Johnson Motor is a real example.
For those engineers and physicists who are still skeptical, I ask you to sit
down with the model, Johnson's Patent and some paper. Perform some basic vector
analysis. You will find that armature equilibrium is never achieved and a net
resultant force is always present at every point in the path of the armature's travel.
The design complexity of a Johnson Motor as the unit gets bigger and more
powerful grows to immense proportions. However, two variants of this simple model
are buildable for under $100.00 and would make great conversation pieces for
the home. One is an extended linear version 15-20 feet long. This requires only
replacing the plastic bowl with a length of aluminum guttering. This will enable
you to see the armature accelerate to maximum velocity along a lengthy stator
track.
An even more impressive version of this basic design is the construction
of a rotary motor in which the armature follows a circular track while tethered
to a central point by a light-weight dowel. Imagine a perpetually revolving armature
floating in a pool in your garden:a definite reminder that free energy is here.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 1023, "chars": 6776, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
9
10
1. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi
13. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 12
nation, a stator track defining a track direction and
wherein said armature magnets are circumferentially
having first and second sides and composed of a plural-
nonuniformily spaced on said armarure.
ity of track permanent magnets each having first and
14. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi
second poles of opposite polarity, said magnets being 3 nation, a stator comprising a plurality of circumferes
disposed in side-by-side relationship having a spacing
taily spaced stator permanent magnets having poles of
between adjacent magnets and like poles defining said
opposite polarity, said magnets being arranged to sub
track sides, an clongated armature permanent magnet
stantially define a circle having an axis, the poles of said
located on one of said track sides for relative movement
magnets facing in a radial direction with respect to said
thereto and in spaced relationship to said track side 10 axis and poles of the same polarity facing away from
wherein an air gap exists between said armature magnet
said axis and the poles of opposite polarity facing
and said track magnets, said armature magnet having
toward said axis, an armature mounted for rotation
first and second poles of opposite polarity located at the
about said axis and diposed adjacent said stator, at leas
one armature permanent magnet having poles of oppo
opponte ends of said armature magnet defining the 13 site polarity mounted on said armature and in radis
length thereof, the length of said armature magnet being
disposed in a direction in general aligement with the
speced relationship to said circle of stator magnets, said
direction of said track, the spacing of said armature
armature magnet poles extending in the circumferential
magnet poles from said track associated side and the
direction of armature rotation, the spacing of said arma
ture magnet poles from said stator magnet and the
length of said armature magnet as related to the width a0 circumferential length of said armature magnet and the
and spacing of said track magnets in the direction of said
track being such as to impose a continuous force on said
spacing of said stator magnets being such as to impose a
armature magnet in said general direction of said track.
continuing circumferential force on said armature mag-
net to rotate said armature.
2 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
15. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between said poles of said armature maget 25 wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
and the adjacent stator track side are substantially equal.
upon said armature.
3. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
14. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between adjacent track magnets varies
wherein sid armature magnets are asymmetrically cir-
4. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
cumferentially spaced on said armature.
a plurality of armature magnets are disposed on a com- 30
17. La a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
mon side of said stator track, said armature magnets
wherein the poles of said armature magnet are shaped to
being mechanically interconnected.
concentrate the magnetic field thereof.
3. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 4 wherein
18. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14, mag:
said armature magnets are staggered with respect to
netic field concentrating means associated with said
each other in the direction of said track.
35 stator magnets coocentrating the magnetic fields
6. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 whereis
thereof at the specinga between adjacent stalor mag
magnetic field concentrating means are associated with
nets.
said track magnets.
19. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
7. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 6 wherein
wherein said magnet field concentrating means com-
said field concentrating mears comprises a sheet of 40 prises an annular ring of high magnetic feld perracabil.
magnetic material of high magnetic field permeability
ity material concentric with said axis and in substantial
engaging side and pole of said track magnets opposite to
engagement with poics of like polarity of said stator
that side and pole disposed toward said armature mag-
magnets
net.
30. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
8. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
45 wherein said armature magnet is of an arcuate bowed
said armature magnet is of an arcuate configuration in
configuration in the direction of said poles thereof de-
its longitudinal direction bowed toward said track, said
fining a concave side and a conver side, said concave
said armature magnet having ands shaped to couces
sice being disposed toward sid axis, and said poles of
trate the magnetic field at said ends.
said armature magnet being shaped to concentrate the
9. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 whercis
30 magnetic field between said poles thereof.
said stator track is of a generally lincar configuration,
21. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
and meams supporting said armature magnet relative to
means for axially displacing said stator and armature
relative to each other to adjust the axial alignment of
said track for generally linear movement of said arma-
said stator and armature magnets
ture magnet
10 la a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 33
22. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
force by permanent magnets using a plurality of spaced
whercin said stator track magnets define a circle having
stator permanent magnets having opposite polarity
an axis, an armature routably mounted with respect to
poles defining a track having a predetermined direction.
said track and concentric and coaxial thereto, said arma
and an armature magnet having a length defined by
ture magnet being mounted upon said armature.
60 poles of opposite polarity movably mounted for move-
11. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 10,
ment relative to the track in the direction thereof, and of
means axially adjusting said armature relative to said
a predetermined length determined by the width and
track whereby the axial relationship of said armature
dimensions of said stator magnets comprising forming a
magnet and said stator magnets may be varied to adjust
magnetic feld track by said stator magnets having a
the rate of rotation of said armature.
45 magnetic field of common polarity interrupted at
12 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
spaced locations in a direction transverse to the direc
wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
tion of said magnetic field track by magnetic fields ere
on said armature.
aled by magnetic lines of force existing between the

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 1140, "chars": 7156, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
6
horseshoe shaped permanent magnet at 4 and the mag-
the stator magnets 12 are indicated by the light dotted
netic flux therethrough is indicated by arrows 5, the
lines
magnetic flow being from the south pole to the north
The armature magnet 24 is maintained in a spaced
pole and through the magnetic material. The aceumu-
relationship above the stator track 22. This spacing may
lated electron spins occurring about the diameter of the $ be accomplished by mounting the armature magnet
magnet 5 are represented at 6 in FIG. 4, and the spin-
upon a slide, guide or track located above the stator
ning electron particles spin at right angles in the iron as
magnets, or the armature magnet could be mounted
the flux travels through the magnet material.
upon a wheeled vehicle carriage or slide supported
By utilizing the electron spinning theory of ferrous
upon a nonmagnetic surface or guideway disposed be-
material electrons, it is possible with the proper ferro- 10 tween the stator magnets and the armature magnet. To
magnetic materials, geometry and magnetic concentra-
clarify the illustration, the mears for supporting the
tion to utilize the spinning electrons to produce a mo-
armature magnet 24 is not illustrated and such means
tive force in a continuous direction, thereby resulting in
form no part of invention, and it is to be understood that
a motor capable of doing work.
the means supporting the armature magnet prevents the
It is appreciated that the embodiments of motors
If armature magnet from moving away from the stator
unlizing the concepts of the invention may take many
magnets, or moving closer thereto, but permits free
forms, and in the illustrated forms the basic relation-
movement of the armature magnet to the left or right in
ships of components are illustrated in order to disclose
a direction parallel to the track 22 defined by the stator
the inventive concepts and principles.
magnets
The relationships of the plurality of magnets defining
It will be noted that the length of the armature mag-
the stator 10 are best appreciated from FIGS. 5 through
net 24 a slightly greater than the width of two of the
8. The stator magnets 12 are preferably of a rectangular
stator magnets 13 and the spacing therebetween. The
configuration, FIG. 8, and so magnetized that the poles
magnetic forces acting upon the armature magnet when
in the position of FIG. 5 will be repulsion forces 34 due
exist at the large surfaces of the magnets, as will be a5 to the proximity of like polarity forces and attraction
appreciated from the N (North) and S (South) designa
toms. The stator magnets include side edges 14 and 16
forces at 36 because of the opposite polarity of the south
and end edges 18. The stator magnets are mounted upon
pole of the armature magnet, and the north pole field of
a supporting plate 20, which is preferably of a metal
the sector magnets. The relative strength of this force is
material having a high permeability to magnetic fields 30
represented by the thickness of the force line.
and magnetic flux such as that available under the trade-
The resultant of the force vectors imposed upon the
mark Netic CoNetic sold by the Perfection Mica Com-
armature magnet as shown in FIG. 5 produce a primary
force vector 38 toward the left, FIG. 5, displacing the
pany of Chicago, Illinois. Thus, the plate 20 will be
armature magnet 24 toward the left. In FIG. 6 the mag-
disposed toward the south pole of the stator magnets 12,
and preferably in direct engagement therewith, al- 15
netic forces acting upon the armatare magnet are repre-
i sented by the same reference numerals as in FIG. 5.
though a bonding material may be interposed berween
While the forces 34 constitute repulsion forces tending
the magnets and the plate in order to accurately locate
to move the north pole of the armature magnet away
and fix the magnets on the piate, and position the stator
from the stator magnets, the attraction forces imposed
magnets with respect to each other.
upon the south pole of the armature magnet and some of
Preferably, the spacing between the stator magnets 12 40 the repulsion forces, tend to move the armature magnet
slightly differs between adjacent stator magnets as such
further to the left, and as the resultant force 38 contin-
a variation in spacing varies the forces being imposed
ues to be toward the left the armature magnet continues
upon the armature magnet at its ends, at any given time.
to be forced to the left.
and thus results in a smoother movement of the arma
FIG. 7 represents further displacement of the arma-
ture magnet relative to the stator magnets. Thus, the 45 ture magnet 24 to the left with respect to the position of
stator magnets so positioned relative to cach other de-
FIG. 6, and the magnetic forces acting thereon are
fine a track 22 having a longitudinal direction left to
represented by the same reference numerals as in FIGS.
right as viewed in FIGS. 5 through 8.
§ and 6, and the stator magnet will continue to move to
In FIGS, 5 through 7 only a single armature magnet
the left, and such movement continues the length of the
24 is disclosed, while in FIG. 8 a pair of armature mag- 30 track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12.
sets are shown. For purposes of understanding the con-
Upon the armature magner being reversed such that
cepts of the invention the description herein will be
the north pole is positioned at the night as viewed in
limited to the use of single armature magnet as shown in
FIG. 5, and the sourb pole is positioned at the left, the
FIGS. 5 through 7.
direction of movement of the armature magnet relative
The armature magnet is of an elongated configuration 15 to the stator magnets is toward the right, and the theory
wherein the length extends from left to right, FIG. 5,
of movement is identical to that described above
and may be of a rectangular transverse cross-sectional
In FIG. 8 a plurality of armature magnets 40 and 42
shape. For magnetic field concentrating and orientation
are illustrated which are connected by links 44. The
purposes the magnet 24 a formed in an arcuate bowed
armature magnets are of a shape and configuration iden-
configuration as defined by concave surfaces 26 and 60 tical to that of the embodiment of FIG. 5, but the mag-
convex surfaces 28, and the poles are defined at the ends
nets are staggered with respect to each other in the
of the magnet as will be appreciated from FIG. 5. For
direction of magnet movement, Le. the direction of the
further magnetic field cuncentrating purposes the ends
track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12. By so stagger-
of the armature magnet are shaped by beveled surfaces
ing a plurality of armature magnets a smoother move-
30 to minimize the cross-sectional area at the magnet 65 ment of the interconnected armature magnets is pro-
ends at 32, and the magnetic flux existing between the
duced as compared when using a single armature mag-
poles of the armature magnet are as indicated by the
net as there is variation in the forces acting upon each
light dotted lines. I- like manner the magnetic fields of
armature magnet as it moves above the track 22 due to

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 6800, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
1
flow of magnetic positive particles or magnetic flux
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
causes the unpaired clectrons to spin at right angles
FIELD OF THE INVENTION
Under cryogenie superconduction conditions the freez-
ing of the crystals in place makes it possible for the spins
The invention pertains to the feld of permanent mag- 5 to continue, and in a permanent magnet the grain orien
net motor devices solely using the magnetic fields cre-
tation of the magnetized materiai resuits in the spins
ated thereby to product motive power.
permitting them to continue and for the flux to flow
parallel to the metal
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
In a superconductor, at first the electron is flowing
Conventional electrie motors employ magnetic 10 and the positive particle is spinning: later, when critical,
forces to produce either rotative or linear motion. Elec-
the reverse occurs, i.e., the electron is spinning and the
tric motors operate on the principle that when a con-
positive particle is flowing at right angles. These post-
ductor is located in a magnetic field which carries cur-
tive particles will thread or work their way through the
rent a magnetic force ia exerted upon it.
electron spins present in the metal.
Normally, in a conventional electric motor, the rotor, 13
In a sense, a permanent magnet may be considered
or stator, or both, are so wired that magnetic fields
the only room temperature superconductor. It is a su-
created by electromagnetcs may employ attraction,
perconductor because the eiectron flow does not cease,
repuision, or both types of magnetic forces, to impose a
and this electron flow can be made to do work because
force upon the armature to cause rotation, or to cause
of the magnetic field it supplies. Previously, this source
the armature to be displaced in a linear path. Conven- 20 of power has not been used because it was not possible
tional electric motors may empioy permanent magnets
to modify the electron flow to accomplish the switching
either in the armature or stator components, but in the
Punctions of the magnetic feld. Such switching fune-
art heretofore known the use of permanent magnets in
tions are common in a conventional electric motor
either the stator or armature require the creation of an
where electrical current is employed to align the much
electromagnetic field to act upon the field produced by 25 greater electros curreat in the iron pole pieces and
the permanent magnets, and switching means are em
concentrate the magnetic field at the proper places to
ployed to control the energization of the electromag-
give the thrust necessary to move the motor armarure
nets and the orientation of the magnetic fields, to pro-
In a conventional electric motor, switching is accom
duce the mouve power.
plished by the use of brushes, commutators, alternating
It is my bebef that the full potential of magnetic 30 current, or other known means
forces existing in permanent magnets has not been rec-
In order to accomplish the switching function in s
ognized or utilized because of incomplete information
permanent magnet motor, it is necessary to shield the
and theory with respect to the atomic motion occurring
magnetic leakage so that it will not appear as too grea
within a permanest magnet. Is is my belief that a pres
a loss factor at the wrong places. The best method to
ently unnamed atomic particle is associated with the 35 accomplish this is to use the superconductor of mag
electron movement of a superconducting electromagnet
netic flux and concentrate it to the place where it will be
and the lossless current flow of Amperian currents in
the most effective. Timing and switching can be
permanent magnets. The unpaired clectron flow is simi-
achieved in a permanent magnet motor by concentrat-
Lar in both situations. This small particle is believed to
ing the flux and using the proper geometry of the motor
be opposite in charge and to be located at right angles to t0 rotor and stator to make most effective use of the mag
the moving clectron, and the particle would be very
netic feids generated by the electron spins. By the
small as to penetrate all known elementa, in their vari-
proper combination of materials, geometry and mag
ous states as well as their knowe compounds, unles
necic concentration, it is possible to achieve a mechani-
they have unpaired electrons which capture these parti
cal advantage of high ratio, greater than 100 to 1, capa
eles as they endeavor to pass therethrough.
45 ble of producing a continuous motive force.
Ferro electrons differ from those of most clements in
To my kaowledge, previous work done with perme
that they are unpaired, and being unpaired they spin
nent magnets, and mouve devices utiliring permanent
around the nucleus in such a way that they respood to
magnets, have not achieved the result destred in the
magnetic fields as well as creating one thermelves. If
practice of the inventive concept, and it is with the
they were paired, their magnetic felds would cancel 30 proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
out. However, being unpaired they create a measurable
netic concentration that the presence of the magnetic
magneric field if their spir have been oriented in one
spira within a permanent magnet may be utilized as a
direction. The spins are at right angles to their magnetic
motive force.
fieids.
In niobium superconductors at a critical state, the 15
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
magnetie lines of force cease to be at right angles. This
It is an object of the invention to utilize the magnetic
change must be due to establishing the required condi-
spinning phenomenon of unpaired electrons occurring
tora for unpaired electronic spins instead of electron
in ferro magnetic material to produce the movement of
now in the conductor, and the fact that very powerful
a mess in a unidirectional manner as to permit a motor
electromagnets that can be formed with superconduc- 60 to be driven solely by magnetic forces as occurring
toms illustrates the tremendous advantage of producing
within permanent magnets. In the practice of the inven-
the magnetic field by unpaired electroe spins rathe
tive concepts, motors of either linear or rotative types
than conventional electron flow.
may be produced.
In a superconducting metal, wherein the electrical
It is an object of the invention to provide the proper
resistance becomes greater in the metal than the proton &5 combination of materials, geometry and magnetic con-
resistance, the flow turns to electron spins and the posi-
centration to utilize the force generated by unpaired
tive particles flow parallel in the metal in the manner
electron spins existing in permanent magnets to power a
occurring in a permanent magnet where a powerful
motor. Whether the motor constitutes a lincar embodi-

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 7119, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
2 is positioned higher than the adjacent south pole of
shown in FIG. 3, the movable magnet 4 continues to ro
magnet 3, such as shown in FIG, 2.
Late so that it is now tilted with respect to the stationary
The movable magnet 4, which is also a horseshoe
magnets. In the same manner, the movable magnet 4 is
shaped magnet, is mounted on the axial member 9
tilled with respect to the stationary magnets when the
which is in turn mounted within the housing I so as to 5 diverter bar is finally brought into its downward posi-
be capable of being rotated As the movable magnet 4
tion, shown in FIG. 2, due to the actuation of the sole-
rotates, it passes through the magnetic fieks of the sta-
nok! a.
tionary magnets 2 and 3. A diverter plate member 6,
Prior to the initial actuation of the drive unit, the di-
having two diverter hars 12u and 12h, alternately di-
verter member 6 will be in its upward position due to
verts the magnetic fields from one of the stationary 10 the influence of the spring 7 and hence the movable
magnets such that only the other stationary magnet in-
magnet 4 will have its south polarity on top. When ini-
fluences the movable magnet. 1 he diverter plate mem-
tially actuating this system therefore, the solenoid & is
ber is movable between the set of hearings 11.
actuated so as to pull the diverter member 6 in a down-
Consequently, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3, when the
ward direction thereby enabling the stationary magnet
movable magnet a has its south pole in the top position, 15 3 to influence the movement of the movable magnet 4
the diverted member 6 positions the diverter bar 12a in
and starting the operation of the magnetic motor.
front of the stationary magnet 2 so as to prevent the sta-
In mounting the stationary magnets and the movable
tionary magnet 2 from influencing the movable magnet
magnets, it becomes desirable to mount these magnets
4. When the diverter member & is in this position, only
in such a manner so that it is easily possible to detach
the stationary magnet 3 influences the movable magnet 20 them and replace them with new magnets due to any
4. Since the stationary magnet 3 and movable magnet
subsequent defects or wear in the magnets
4 have the same direction of polarity, a repulsion force
In FIG. 4, a magnetic motor is shown which utilizes
is created between these magnets, this force causing
a plurality of drive units of the type shown in FIG. I.
the rotation of the movable magnet 4 in the direction
As shown in this Figure, a plurality of stationary mag-
shown hy arrow A. After the movable mugnet 4 has 25 nets 2 and 3 are mounted within the housing for each
been rotated so that the north pole is in the top posi
of the drive units. A plurality of movable magnets 4 are
tion, the diverter member 6 is moved into a second po-
mounted on a common axial member 13, with each of
sition in which the diverter har 12h diverts the magnet
the movable magnets being offset by an equal angle
field of the stationary magnet 3 such that only the mag
with respect to the adjacent movable magnet, such as
netic field of the statinary magnet 2 influences the
30 shown by the illustration in FIG. 5. If eight such mov
movable magnet 4. Since the movable magnet 4 is tilled
able magnets 4 are provided, the angle by which the
with respect to the orientation of the stationary magnet
magnets are offset with respect to one another would
2. the repulsion force which is created hetween the sta-
he 22½. While in the arrangement of a plurality of
tionars muguet 2 and the movable magnet 4 causes the
drive units such as shown in FIG. 4, it is possible to uti-
movable magnet 4 to continue to rotate in the direction
35 lize a spring and solenoid for the movement of the di-
shown by the arrow A
verter member 6 of each of the drive units, it is also
The diverter member 6 is moved hetween the two po-
possible to move the diverter members through the use
sitions for alternately diverting the magnetic field of
of a cam arrangement. Thus, as shown in FIG. 6, a cam
the stationary magnets 2 and 3, under the influence of
member 15 is provided, which cam member is eccentri.
the spring 7 and the solenoid 8. Spring 7 which is at-
40
cally mounted on a shaft 14 hy the coupling 16. The di-
tached to ann fu of the diverter member 6 pulls the di-
verter member 6 is forced in a downward direction by
verter memher in un upward direction such that the di-
the spring member 7u so as to be in contact with the pe-
verter bar 12h is aligned with the stationary magnet 3.
ripheral surface of the cam member 15. Thus as the
As the motable magnet 4 continues to rotate the arial
memher 9 actuates a switch 10 which in turn is con-
45
cam member 15 rotates about the shaft 14, the diverter
mernher 6 is moved in an up and down direction be-
nected to the solenoids for controlling the actuntion of
tween the bearings 11. The diverter member has a slot
the solenoid N. Upon actation, solenod 8, which is
17 in which a pin 18 which is connected to the housing
connected to arm &h of the diverter member 6, pulls
is inserted. the pin 18 in turn helps guide the movement
the diverter member in a downward direction against
the force of the spring 7. As rotation of the movable
50
of the diverter member 6.
An alterative embodiment of a magnetic motor hav-
magnet 4 and the axial member 9 continues. solennid
ing a plurality of drive units, such as the one shown in
8 is deactnuted and the diverter member 6 in turn is
FIG. 1. in illustrated in FIGS. 7 and 8. Each of the mov.
pulled in an upward direction by the spring 7.
alle magnets, such as magnets 4a and 48, has associ-
The diverter member 6 can be made of any non-
55
ated with it a corresponding gear, such as gears 20a and
ferrous material. "The diverter hars 12n and 12h, which
20h These gears are mounted on the axial members of
are shown inserted within the diverter member 6, how.
corresponding movable magnets, such as axial mem-
ever, are made of a ferrous metal material. The diverter
bers 9e and 9b. The gears of each of the movable mag-
bars 12a and 12h will only divert the magnet fields of
nets are interconnected in a common drive arrange-
the stationary magncis 2 and 3 and will not act as effec-
60 ment, such as shown in FIG. 8 in which eight such drive
tive magnets themselves
units are utilized in forming the magnetic motor. The
The switch 10 is arranged in such a manner such that
axial member from one of the movable magnets is ex-
when the polarity of the movable magnet 4 is aligned
tended so as to form an output shaft 24 to which a load
with the magnetic lines of force of the stationary mag-
can be connected. In the operation of this arrangement,
nets, the solenoid 8 is deactuated so that the spring 65
it is possible to utilize a single diverter member 21 for
causes the movement of the diverter member 6. Due to
all of the drive units, such a diverter member is partially
the momentum of the movable magnict 4, as the di
illustrated in FIG. 9. The diverter member 21 is con-
verter member 6 is moved into in upward position, as
nected between a spring 22 and a solenoid 23, which

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 152, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Patent Apr. 24, 1979
Sheet 1 of 2
4,151,431
64-
X
-68
56
62-
TIG. 9
74
00000C
- TIG 1
66-
46 -
-3
FIG. 2
-64
•60
-52
56
FIG. 4
68 -2
FIG. 10
TIG 3

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1551, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE JOHNSON PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
A conventional electric motor operates by emplóying electromagnets
to act upon one another creating usable power. This is true of all
electric motors - AC or DC.
Similarly permanent magnets can be used to apply motive force
to other ferromagnetic systems and thereby perform work.
In 1979, Howard R. Johnson was granted a patent on a motor that
operates strictly on energy supplied by permanent magnets. This
patent is reproduced in its entirety following this discussion.
The permanent magnet motor patented by Johnson has been sucess-
fully demonstrated for many technical and journalistic experts. These
experiments have confirmed the feasibility ob the Johnson Permanent
Magnet Motor under laboratory conditions.
Previous attempts to develop a true "permanent magnet motor"
have failed due to the inability of the systems to perform the switch-
ing of magnetic polarity which a conventional motor requires. In
effect, Johnson has accomplished this switching by concentrating the
flux and employing the proper materials and geometry.
The Spring, 1980 issue of "Science and Mechanics" magazine
featured a report on the Johnson motor. As of that writing, Ạa 5000
watt permanent magnet powered generator was already on the way and
Johnson had firm licensing committments with at least four companies."
Johnson's working model has been demonstrated on many occasions.
"There is a noticeable pulsating action in the simple prototype unit.
This can be smoothed by simply using two or more staggered armature
magnetsiẠỊ

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTED AU 1 2 975

3,899,703
SHEET 3
L1G.7
2a Vil 20a

S

|

SILISAL A,

LUTTE TOT

Tb-

VLLLLLL LLL,

i
TED TANY ili

LLELLL

S
o

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 827, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Zero" Air Gap
SOUTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Repulsion)
(Attraction)
925
$75
800
500
375
300
600
450
550
575
400
475
6,950 Gauss
33,725 Gausa
(Total)
26,775 Gause
% " Air Gap
SOUTH POLE of Ammature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Repulsion)
(Attraction)
9,475 Gauss
15,225 Gauss
24,700 Gause
(Total)
"Zero" Air Gap
NORTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Attraction)
(Repulsion)
9,025 Gauss
(Difference)
ồỊồ Air Gap
NORTH POLE of Armature over:
Spaces
Stator Magnets
(Attraction)
(Repuision)
1175
1050
1000
• 11,325 Gausą
30,700 Gauss
(Total)
19,375 Gauss
11,600 Gause
17,100 Gauss
28,700 Gauss
(Total)
2,000 Gauss
(Difference)
Readings taken at the north and south pole of the armature magnet indicate there la
constant off balance situation. Note in one case the total difference is 2000 Gauss

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 864, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SOUTH POLE OF ARMATURE
GAUSS
2000
1500
1000
500
"ZERO* AIR GAP '
3/B" AIR CAP
2000 -
1500
1000
500
NORTH POLE OF ARMATURE
IZERO AIR GAP.
1/EỊAIR GAP
STATOR MAGNET
Above are plots of ex-
perimental data showing
the dramatically different
magnetic effects at the
north and south poles of
armature magnet. These
are stepped" readings
made over the stator
magnets and spaces be-
tween them. If the mag-
netic flux patterns are
plotted on a continuous
basis as the armature
moves along the stator
track, the result la a
"ainusoldal* graph.
At
right is diagram showing
complex magnetic forces
Interacting to create off-
balance
effects
that
move the armature from
right to left. Solld lines
show
magnetic attrac-
tion, dashed lines show
repuision. Double lines
represent the more pow-
erful forces at work.
SPACES
ARMA TUH
STATUH MAGNETS
HIGH PERMEABILITY
SUPPORT PLATE

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Johnson wants nothing to do with Detroit at this time because, as he puts
it: "It's too emotional-we'd get smadhed into the earth!" The inventor
is equally reluctant to make predictions about other applications as well,
mainly because he just wants time to perfect his ideas and, hopefully, get
the scientific establihment to at least consider his unorthodox ideas with
a more open mind.
For example. Johnson argues that the magnetic forces in a permanent
magnet represent superconductance that is akin to pehnomena normally ass-
ociated only with extremely cold superconducting systems. He argues that a
magnet is a room temperature superconducting system because the electron
flow does not ceasue, and because this electon flow can be made to do work.
And for those who pooh-pooh the idea that permanent magnets do work, Johnson
has an answer: "You come along with a magnet and pick up a piece of iron,
then some physicist says you didn't do any work because you used that
magnet. But you moved a mass through a distance Right? That's work that
requires energy. Or you can hold one magnet in the air indefinitely by
positioning it over another magnet with like poles facing. The physicists
will argue that because it involves magnetic repulsion, no work is done.
Yet if you support the same object with a jet of water or a stream of air,
they will agree in a minute that work is done!"
There's no doubt in Johnson's mind that he has succeeded in extract-
ing usable enrgy from the atons of permanent magnets. But does that imply
that the electron spins and associated phenomina that he tinks provide this
power will eventally he used up? Johnsons makes no pretense of knowing
the answer: "I didn't start the electron spins, and I don't know any way to
stop then--do you? They may eventually stop, but that is not my problem."
Johnson still has many practical problems to solve to perfect his
invention. But his greater challenge may be to win general acceptance of
his ideas by an obviously nervous scientific commiunity in which many
physicists remain compulsive about defending the law of Conservation of
Energy without ever wondering whether that "law" really needs defending.
The dilemma facing Johnson is not really his dilemma but rather
that or other scientists who have observed his prototypes. The devices
obviously do work. But the textbooks say it shouldn't work. And all that
Johnson is really saying to the scientific community is this: here is a
phenomenen which seems to contradict some of our traditional beliefs. For
all our sakes let's not disniss it outright bu take the time to really
understand the complex forces at work here.

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2640, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
over the stator magnets and over the intervening air spaces. Points along
the solid line indicate comparalbe readings made with the probe just bene-
ath the armature south pole. It is easy to see that there is an average 43
percent reduction of the attraction between the armature and stator magnets
created by the air gap. Equally true, but perhaps not so obvious, is the
fact that there is an average 36 percent increase of repulsion when the south
pole of the armature pases over the spaces between the stator magnets. The
percentage increase only seems smaller becasue it applies to a much smaller
"Zero" level value.
The second graph shows that the changes are much less dramatic at
the north pole of the armature. In this case there's an average 11.7 percent
decrease of attraction over the spaces and a 2.4 percent increase of repulsion
when the armature north pole passes over the stator magnets.
As you study the data be sure to note that the columns are labled
differently. Inthe case of the north pole data, the stator magnet areas
repulse the armature north pole while the spaces between the stator magnets
attract. The conditions are exactly the opposite for the south pole of the
armature magnet. When the south pole passes over a magnet there is streng
attraction; when it passes over a space, there is repulsion.
THE ULTIMATE MOTOR. A motor based on Johnson's findings would be of
extremely simple design compared to conventional motors. As shown in the
diagrams developed from Johnson's patent literature, the stator/base unit
would contain a ring of spaced magnets backed by a high magnetic permean-
bility sleeve. Three arcuate armature magnets would be mounted in the
armature which has a belt groove for power transmission. The armature is
supported on ball bearings on a shaft that either screws or slides into the
stator unit speed control and start/stop action would be achieved by the
simple means of mocing the armature toward and away from the stator section.
There is a noticeable pulsing action in the simple prototype units
that may be undersirable in a practical motot. The movement can be smoothed,
the inventor believes, by simply using two or more staggered armature
magnets as shown in another drawing.
WHAT'S AHEAD? For inventor Howard Johnson and his permanent magnet
power source there's bound to be plenty of confroyersy, certainly, but also
progress. A 5000-watt electric generator powered by a permanent magnet motor
is already on the way, and Johnson has firm licensing agreements with at least
four companies at this writing.
Will we see permanent magnet motors in automobiles in the near future?

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 26, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
kT es Se a eb fa ee a ee

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 69, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
See ES OA IO gy,
ny (ie

a
= Fe F
a
-

-_ = = = ——, > = os = —_

te

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1619, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S
United States Patent (19)
Jomnoa
(5) PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
[To] Inventor
Howard H. Jole on, 4X) Mt Hops
RJ Gita L
M12h 4
422,306
Dec. 6, 1973
13 Ad
Ist. CL
1g UNO
S10-1.
#V152
[al Puld of Search
24/116, 9. 41
PIG 1
4/20, 27/118 A, 119 A, 120 A. 121 N.122
A, 12A, 124, 125 A 126A, 110 A, 11 A, 14
149 14 137
14 A
Refetences faed
US PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,074, 15 1
21974 laker el al
380/12
Priaty Екали
- Donovan I Duggan
Attorney, Ag :
or Firm -H-aman & Beaman
(57]
ABSTRACT
The inve
in is directed to the method of utiliang the
(+5]
4,151,431
Apr. 24, 1979
unpaired electron spins in ferro magnete and other
materials as a source of magnene fields fur producing
power without any electron flow as necurs in normal
conductors, and to pernanent magnet motors for unliz-
up this meifad to produce a power source. In the prac-
hee of the insens the unpaired electron spon occur-
fin: within permanent magnets are utrized to produce a
motive power wurce solely thruagh the superconduc
Trap characterities of a permanent magnet and the mag-
nels lux created by the magnets ate contralled and
conventrated to onent the magnetic forces gentrated in
such a manner to do useful continuou work, such as the
deplacement of a motor with respect to a stater. The
frang and onestation of magnetic farces at the rotor
and stator components produced by permanent magnets
to produce a motor a accomplished with the proper
geometnical relationship of these components.
28 Claims, 10 Drawing Figures
ELECTEFMECEIAT CAL COUPLING
Q40-
Q30
020
EL
0.10
FERRITE OF
THIS INVENTION
CONVENTIONAL
Ni FERRITE
10
20
BIASSING MAGNETIC FIELD H (0e)
30

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4340, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F905
4,151,431
2
now of magnete passive parteles or magnete nu
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
INVENTON
causes the unpaired electros to spm at riga eagles
Under cryogene super onducton condon the freez-
He of the crystal in place makes a prosible for the spins
I he nive
4 In coninue, and in a permanent magnet the grain onene
tato of the magorneed matenal results in the spins
ald ther
perting them on commuc and for the lux to flow
HACKGROUND O
TH INVENTIN
paradel to the metal
In a superatior, af feat the electron is flowing
supree to and the paste parce napong later, when crucal,
the revene oceans, te, the electron a spamng and the
potive partale is fowing of righi angles These pini-
ive potheles will threat or work their way through the
electron spins presen in the metal
In a sense, a permanent magnet may be conidered
the daly tood temperature superconductor. It n a su-
perductor became the election tow does not cease
aid th chectrom thow can he male to do witk beeause
at the magnens field i supples Prevanusly, thn source
a 20 of power has not been used because it was not possible
un mushly the electron fow maccomplish the swiching
functions of the magnete feld Such switching fune
Ins ate common in a enventonal electre moti
Eaten of an
where electral current in employed to alga the much
electrapto 1
cuponde ncht produced by 2s greater electron current on the son pole pieces and
the perma
concentrate the magnete field at the proper places to
ployed ta +
pive the thrust necessary in move the nor armature
nels and the
Hot to mapache bichis, to pror
In a conventual electra antar, awaching n accom
duce the atre pine
pinhed by the use of brushes, commutators, alternating
I is my belier that the full poteatal of magnets to current, or other known means
faces eating in permanent magues has but been rec-
In order to accomplish the switching function in a
neived or ail
red he awe of moomplete monate permanent magnet stor, at a necessary to shield the
magnete takage so that i will nut appear as too great
a his factor at the whung plies The best method to
the 35 accomploh this i to we the superconduct of mag
sene fus and concentrate d to the place where i wai be
the most eflective Ting and witching can be
ренн
achieved in a permanent magnet molor by cincentral
• The en I particle n hehesed m
mie the tux and using the poper grometty of the motor
riphanglevin to rom and stator to make most elfeelive use of the mag-
Anuhl De Vers
welle helds generated by the electton spins. Hy the
proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
nene concentration, it is possible to achieve a mechant-
thes las
cal advantage of high ratio, greater than 100 to 1, capa-
41 ble of produring a commuous monive force
To my knowledge, previons work done with perma
1 day sp
way that they spond to
nent magners, and motive devices anlizing perinanent
magnes, have it delieved the result desired in the
practice of the saventive somept, and it a with the
they were pared, that wagners felly world cavel so proper comboaton of materal, geometry and mag-
out Then brng empathey create a maurable
nene concentration that the presence of the magnetie
som wiln a permanent thugher may be undized as a
dueen The spass ate at uph angles to then maphere
mative torce
feliẠạẠi
at a crical state, the 55
munet hat fee co.
ae nbe at naht andle Ths
Lane the te
51 2009-
tent o deciron
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
It is an object of the invention to aulize the magnetic
spaning phenomenon of unpared electrons occurring
in ferra magnete matenal to produce the movement of
A i the
a mass in a unidirectional manner as to permit a motor
impren that part tamed and sereondes
a to be driven solely by magnetic forees as occurring
Nanage of phalacing
within permanent muguets In the practice of the inven-
tell ta pud cieetron spos tather
tive concept, motor of either hear or rotative types
......
may he prol weed
It is an ohest of the mennon to proude the proper
one preters we wetal thache proton of combation of materals, genetry and mappete con-
replace, the flow turns to df strun spins and the past
centration to white the force generated hy unpaired
te particles tow paraller a the metal a the manner
electron spon exong to permanent magnen to power •
dearnne in a permanent magher whate a povertul
nator, Whether the motor constitutes a huear embode

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 932, "chars": 5746, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
779- 1-
3
4,151,431
3
ment, or a cotary embodiment, an each instance the
"stator may const of a plalts
ner liked relaine treach mhe
define a track, beat a form an
and checlar in born in the neat
Sated my
being imposed upon the armature moguets. In this aaa
9 167
ner the speed of rotation of the rotary embodinent may
he regulated
AE S
BRIEF DESCRIFTION OF THE DRAWINGS
The aforementioned yeets and advantages of the
such track de
inventon wii be apprenated hom the following des
Bap evis the
weapons and accompanying drawngs wherem
magnet a defined by poles of oppone polants
Fic. 1 a a schemate view of electron flow in a su-
lupth of the stratate mapher n de posed relat
no the in pereadactor inda tung the imparted electron spars.
track defied my the
Inguis in the do
1RC1. 2 is a crossectal view of a superconductor
the part of a
it of the annature mapact
under a chical state dustrating the electron spus,
pleed by the madache h
110. 3 is a view of a permanent mgnet distrating
The stater magnet are so mated that poles a like
the flus movement therethrough,
pot rey are deposed toward the chantane maract and po
wetnal view illustrattag the chame-
an the amate magnet has pols which are nih a
fer of the magnet of 11G. 3.
tracted to and repelled by the and:
114 5 is an elevatanal representation of a linear
magnets, boil attraction and repubion forces but upon
ne tor embodiment of the permanent magnet motor of
the atinatate macnet to prote the relaty, displace
the inventon dustrating one position of the armature
mr betwe
a the armatute i saut magnets
Do mupnet relative to the stator magnets, and indicating the
The coman anchore postacing depla cheat
magnets forces imposed upon the armature magnet,
beiween the arafate and star marnes results from
TIG. 6 N a view simlar to FIG 5 dustrating dis
therellansing
pot the luth of the armatur
placement of the armature magnet relause to the stator
- 5o the
magnets, and the influence of magnets forees thereon
dimes dof the state ma e
Petween, in died
cans there 25 at thas location.
the putat arture dee
11G. 7 is a further elevational view similar to FIGS
and meet was
5 and 6 dustrating further displacement of the armature
angs, and with an acceptable at pup spacing between
moyer to the left, and the mifluence of the magnete
the satur and armature mapsets, will predeve a tosal
fences therean,
lant lee open the armature marner which displaces 30
FIG. 8 is a top plan view of a linear embodiment of
the armature nagnet across the stater magnet along its
the inventive concept illustrating a pair of armature
Pah of mement
magnets in linked relationship disposed above the stator
In the practse of the avention movemen of the
armane met relative to the salad magnets resals
HO. 9 is a demetrical, elevational, sectional view of
Hom a cons
o of
and repuls wees if a rotaty motor embodinent at accord with the inven
in the st
ten as taken along secton IN- 1X of 11G. 10, and
concentaine the ma.
the sater sad ar
11G 10 is an elevatinal view of the rotaty motor
nuture men the ene
wed opon the
embodiment as taken along section X-X of FIG. 9.
armore muget is intenade
and in the decked
emain such magene tell concentate means 40
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
EMBODIMENTS
are disclosed
The deshaed magnetie field concentrating means
In order to better understand the theory of the inven-
comprise a plate of high matthe felt petmeability
tive concept, reference is made to FIGS. 1 through 4. In
* at
no sale of testator mpus in sabe
TIG. 1 a superconductor 1 is illustrated having a pov
Stil ent
at therent the belt preity 45 five parcle flow as represented by arrow 2, the un-
posed ada poles of tike pobots
paited electrons of the ferrous conducting matenal 1
of the statur n
is The i
we field of the ara-
spin at right angles to the proton flow in the conductor
hite maget say be cutormiated and diestonaly
as represented by the spiral lime and arrow 3. In accord
• magnet, amt 11e mag-
with the theopy of the unvention the spinning of the
nene field may farter be col
irated by shaping the 5o ferrous unpaired electrons results from the atomic struc
pole end ot the annature avnet to concentate the
ture of ferrous materials and this spinning atomic part-
magnet felt at a relatively lented surface at he rma-
die is beheved to be opposite in charge and incated al
Late magnet pole ests
right angles to the moving electrons. It i assumed to be
Pretetably, a platey of armature mugnets are usedl
very small in we capable of penetrating other elements
which are sappered wah eyeet to eatin a the $ and their compounds unless they have unpaired elec
diren of ammature me net lovement Such an of
trony which capture these particles as they endeavor to
seing or spreted of the amature mappers dinbe
paws therethrough
ales the nades of force me ned upon the abnalute
The lack of electrical reustance of conductors at a
• ab abd pesels in amoether applanet of farces
critical superconductor state las lomp been recognized
inthe armature magnet probe asinther and more no and superconductors have been unbaed to produce
go i me of the a cop
very high magnene lux density elretromagnets. FIG 2
adidiment a the permanent mapnet
represents a crow setion of a enteal superconductor
.......
ral the electron spins are indicated by thie arrows 3
as relate
our the
A permar at manet ma Peona tered a supercon-
stan mates Has are on baud or produeng feld n5 ductor as the eleanon flow dierem does not cease, and
meet between the slaint all armature
is without rentance, and amparted electric spinning
pen to shast the at sherent defand and
I meles exist which, in the prachce of the invention,
thereby regriate the magntale of the magnene torees
Futilized to produce motor fired FIG. 3 illustrates a

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 771, "chars": 4566, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
5
6
the stator magnets 12 are indicated by the light dotted
shoe shaped
: Aux thererhe-
pnete n A
and the mag
lines
The armature magnet 24 in muntained in a spaced
relabonship above the sator track 22 The spacing may
he accomplished by moming He armature magnet
nd the sphe
A the as
upon a side, guide or track located above the stater
magnels, or the satate magnet cold be mounted
upon a wheeled veinele carnage or shide supported
of terrous
proper letter
upon a nommagnete urface or gundeway disposed be-
151
Dween the stator magues and the armatute magnet. To
clanly the lastration, the means for supporting the
armature magnet 24 is not illustrated and such means
lem an part of invention, and it is to be understood that
He meals supporting the armature magnet prevents the
A BOS
15
armature magnet from moving away from the stator
magnes, of waving closer thereta, but permits free
muvement of the armature magnet to the left or night in
• The Is relan
I madele
a drecton parallel in the track 22 defined by the stator
magness
It will be noled that the length of the armature mag
the stal
nets demag
His Satanuga
a reciatigalar
that the poles
I as will be
net 24 is slightly greater than the width of two of the
Nator magnes 12 and the spacing therebetween. The
magnehe forces aching upon the armature magnet when
in the poston of FIG 5 will be repulson forees 34 due
to the proximiny of like polanty forces and attraction
des 14 and 16
forces at 36 because of the opposite polity of the south
pole of the armature magnet, and the north pole field of
A Of a med
the wear magness The relative strength of this force a
represented by the thickness of the fotce line.
The resultant of the force vectors imposed upon the
le under the trade•
on Mica Com
He 20 will be
armature magnet as shown in FIG. 5 produce a primary
force vector 38 toward the left, FIG. 5, displacing the
armature magnet 24 toward the left. In FIG 6 the mag
nete Inrees acting ap the armature magnet are repre
Herewul, al
aned newsen
cutalels locate
stan the staton
45
vented by the same reference numerals as in FIG. S
While the forces 34 constitute repulsion forces tending
to move the north pole of the armature magnet away
freal the stater magnets, the attraction forces imposed
upon the south pole of the armature magnet and some of
for pees 12 an the reputao fores, tend to move the armature magnet
Oghich as sueli
further to the Ill and as the resultant force 38 contin-
being muposed
ues in he toward the left the armature magnet continues
to he forced to the left
t of the arma
FIG. 7 represents further displacement of the arma
ich The the 45
ture magnet 24 to the left with respeet to the position of
each other de-
FIG 6, and the magnete forces acting thereon are
recton lelt In
represented by the same reference numerals as in FIGS
right a
5 and 6, and the stator magnet will continue to move to
* the left, and wich movement conunues the length of the
24 daced while HO Ma part of
anitare mags 50 track 22 defined by the stator magnes 12
wn In poposes of understading the cou
Upon the armature magnet being reversed such that
the inventin the descripta here will be
the north pole is postumed at the right as viewed in
Inter tethe use of vatele anature matart as shown in
FIG 5. and the south pole is posioned at the left, the
FION 5 cough T
direction of movenient of the armature magnet relative
The armate marner:
wheren the length ex!
Handlampat
• from let
L'onfiguranon
55 to the stator magnets is toward the right, and the theory
Angal. FG 5,
of movement is sentical to the t described above.
and may be of a
vass sectal
In FIG 8 a plurality of armature magnets 40 and 42
shape For magnete feld con
and orientation
are illustrated which are connected by links 44. The
purposes
sed in an areude bowed
armature magners are of a shape and configaration iden-
conI
niface 26 and e0 tical to that of the embodiment of FIG. 5, but the mag
Comes vaniaces 280
and at the ends
nets are staggered with respect to each other in the
of the an
& | he apprenated /
direchion of mapnet movement, te., the direction of the
s the ends
track 22 de fined hy the statur i agnes 12. By so stagger-
red surface
ing a ploraly of armature megarts a smoother move-
30 to #
Size ta en
ends at 12
and the i
area at the magnet o5 ment of the anterconnected armature magnets is pro-
da period between the
duced as compared when wang a single armature mag
wheated ny the
net as there is vanation in the forces acting upon each
pache Fields
arnature magnet as it moves above the track 22 due to

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 794, "chars": 4910, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
He Ise
I the
vector tending to deplace the armature nupnetin their
path of movement acreases However, the decreasing
of the spacing between the armatate and stated magnch
creates a pubativat in the mover tent of the armature
arice & magnets which a astonable, hut can be, to some
exicht, minored by ung a plutality of atature mag-
nels The mereasing of the distance between the arma-
tire and water magnet reduces the polation tendency
....
of the armature magner, but also redes the magnitude
cribed to at the magnene forces imposed upon the armature mag
with Thin, the mint chective sparing between the at
matate magnets Than, the most cHeche spacing he
CHICH
tween the armature and stator agness i that spacing
which produces the maximum force vector an the direc
eing 15 how of armate maplet movetent, with a minimum
creahon of objechonable pulsation.
mho
In the dicksed emhodiments the lugh permeabilty
intes a
pate 20 and sleeve 56 are doched for concentrating
Naded
the magicte field of the stator magnets, and the arma-
he star a tute magnets are bowed and have shaped ends for mag
ache field concentration purposes. Whule such magnetic
sleeve So
Let permer
Natetial
and a faralty of stact arels
teld concentration means resuit in higher forces a
pied upon the armature magnes for given magnet
mensities, it is not intended that the inventive concepts
here f be hated to the use of such magnete field concentrat
me means.
Ay will be appreciated from the above description of
used men
• 56 ant a conves
the invention, the movement of the armature magnet or
Aer polite 61
magnets resulisfrons the desenhed relationdap of com-
The armature 62, in the distrated embodmen, i of t ponents. The length of the aralate magnets as related
a dished configuraton fave a falal wich por
in and
to the width of the stator mugnets and spacing therebe
O$ P
• 6i The anature 42 is
tween, the dimenson of the air gap and the configure
obnapen mutal, and at armalar belt
won of the magnete field, combined, produce the de-
e to i find there her n
wired re-alt and motion. The inventive concepts may be
practiced even though these relationslaps may be varied
Lottef pawer consuming device
is 48 are nataed on the armature parian
nets ate of a configurated simulat to
within lims nor yet defined and the invention i in-
tended to encompas all dimensional relationships
which achieve the deured goal of armature movement.
lty way of example, with respect to FIGS 4-7, the
7. In peso
fed with rewest to each wo following dimensions were used in an operating proto-
other in a etcutletental du
mon the thag-
Be afe mot disposed as 12 viren
nal relatan-
"The length of armature magnet 24 is 3g", the stator
shaw treach other Ra bet a light afg
magnets 12 are 1" wile; I" thick and 4" long and grain
of die artanture magnets is destable to
th not"
onented. The air gap between the poles of the armature
Pie mapier bases happipoed upon the arture as 45 magnet and thestator nagnets is approximately 11* and
the spacing hetween the stator magnets is approx
Deponed upse darl of the mature magnes The stage
mately s" inch
Acting at pancatute ta pues 63 in a cucumterential
In effect, the stator magnets define a magnetie field
due a prelates the same elect as the tappermy of
track of a stigle polarny transversely interrupted at
he matt na nets 40 and 42 as show a 1C;
on spared locations by the magnetic fields produced by the
The anta:
ere 62 namated open a tael shut 70
lines of force existing beiween the poles of the stator
by andra tom bearags 72 ped the shat 74h s threaded
magnets and the undirectional force exerted on the
inte the sten teaded he 52, and may he reated by
armature magnet is a result of the repulsion and attrac-
the kins 74 In the macher rotation of the knob 74 al
ton forces existing as the armature magnet traverses
shaf 70 antally displace armanure of weth re-peet 19 this magnene field track.
wets seand such anal displacement
It is to be understond that the inventive concept em-
braces an arrangement wherein the armature magnet
spin the dature auguets 68 by the dior nunets
component is stationary and the stior assembly is sup
Hereby coting the speed of tration of the armat
ported for movement and constitutes the moving com-
& ponent, and other variations of the inventive concept
A+ wil cemeted from FiGs 4-7 and 9 ad 10, an air
a or we rotatore dugnet of magnets and
will he apparent to those skilled in the art without de-
parting from the scope thereof. As used herein the term
"trackiis intended to meade both linear and circular
ral open the
arrangements of the state mayhet, and the "direction"
......
i went If the distance between as or length" of the truck is that direction parallel or
westatur men to reduced
concentre to the intended direction of armature megnet
the totees impased upon the artare mapean by the
statut maples are mereased, and the revaltant force
1 claim

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 4972, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14. 1
* 13
4.151,431
10
1 A permane
natan, a stater in defiany
having fast and s
dy of trace pers
sand pole +r
Unposed e
beiwear .
Tak she
13 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 12
.. .
wherem said armature magnets are circumferentally
neautormly spaced on said armature
late am!
14 A peranen magnet mentor vomprsing, la conti-
* tan, a stator comprising a platality of catcumferen-
Bally spaced stater permanent magnets having poles of
opposite polunty, sand magnes being arraaged tomeb
stamally define a cicle hermy an ass, the poles of said
magnets bang in a faded leon with respect towed
d. Is ros and pals of the same polanty facing away tom
wheren
He вырист
and was and the poles of opposte polanty faung
and sad lack te
ward said ass, an armature mounted tor rotatton
fast and second de lop
este potanty located at the
abon sant ans and diposed adjacent sand stator, at least
opposite was of sad an
t defianty tar
nee amanure permanent magnet having poles of oppo-
length thetenf.th
1f are polarity mounted on and armature and in radial
speed flaship to said circe ofatator magach, sand
the space nt and armature
atatute magnet poles calending in the circumferental
magnet pules from sand track a
ded sade and he
declam of armature rotation the spoene of said anna-
lemph of said
tute muenrt piles from said stator magnes and the
and spa
to eir amferental length of saul armature magnet and the
4 46
*ping of sand stator magnets being such as to impose a
armature magnet in sant.
comtuang circumferental force on sand armature mag:
reactal directin of said trava
not be rotate said armature.
1 Inape
mat as a where
15. In a permanen: magnet motor as in elain 14
the space
sand armature magnet as wheren a pluranty of armature magnets are mounted
and the a p
upon sad armature
Emer mean 1 wier
16. ln a permanent magnet motor as in clam 14
the spast, between alicent track naphen safes
wheren said armature magnets are asymmetneally eir-
4 In a persianes
mera ban 1 where
conferentally spaced on sand a mature.
a plurabts of armature ne
we are jend on a me to
17 In + peratient mugnet motor as in claim 14
mon side of sand stator track, said armature magnets
wherein the poles of said armature magnet are shaped to
beg mechandally
concentrate the magnetic field thereof
5 lar
um 4 wherem
IN In a permanent magnet motor us in claim 14, mag
wene feld concentraung means anciated with said
schrath
magners concentrating the magnete felds
reaper as in clan 1 wheren
Cated with
therent at the spacings between adjacent stator mag-
neTs
19 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
7 I-
SU H
n clam 6 wheren
where and magnet Feld concentrating means com-
shiver of 40 pines an annular ring of high magnetic field permeabit-
• held permeday
ily material concentric with said axis aad in substantial
depende and pole ot
that ade and pole h
net.
i track at oppose ta
engagement with poles of like polarty or said stator
if toward set anatore me-
magich
20. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
I dam 1 wheren + wherein sal armature magnet is of an arcunte bowed
and armanure maps.
Is longitaimal dir
11 133
configuranon in the direction of said poles thereof de-
lining a enneave side and a conves side, said concuve
ends doped to
side beme disposed toward said ans, and said poles of
trate the maguets, bald at sand end
said atmature magnet being shaped to consentrate the
so mapnete field between said poles thereof
and state task not a pederally fatar configaraton
21 la a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14,
and means sappalee sad armature mognet telative to
nicans for amally dosplacing said stator and armature
said track for genetally mear nivement of said arma
relative to each other to adjust the asial alignment of
Ture marnel
wad stater and armature magnets.
10 to a perman meet to l in dam N
22. 1 he method of producing a unidirectinal mouve
wheren a 1 stator tra. & angiels define a entele has ma
fotee by permanent magnets aving a plurality of spaced
de can, ar arrane natably daunt will respect to
Mater permanent magnets huving oppose polanty
and track and cre entre and cop cal thereto, said atta-
poles defining a track having a predetermined direction,
and an armature magnet having a length defined by
ture may a bany tounted upon sal armature
to pale of opposite polanty movably mounted for move
1 In a pane can 10.
ment relatave to the track in the direction thereof, and of
a predetermined length deterined by the width and
track wine the nat relinspot sand amarare
Magnet and wall state to nets toy feared toad ad
the fate nt rotatan of at armature
danettes of said stator magnets comprise! inrabng a
magnete field track by wand stator magnes having a
as magnete field of common pulary it rupted al
as i chat 10
spaced locations in a direction tram-verse to the diree-
wheren a plaralts of anture maples ate inountat
Ion of said magnetic feld track by magnet: felds ere
on said arnature
ated haagnetie ies of force existing beiween the

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2187, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
11
poles of the stator magnes and prationny the armature
magnet in spaced relation be sid maghen
field track
Lompadaddy rated to the daect
enetic
13
magnetic field existing hetween the poles of the araa-
ture magnet.
26. The method of prolueng a motive force by per-
manent magnets where the unpaired electron spinning
sal 4 parteles existing withat a permanent magnet are un-
Ived for producing a move force comprising forming
of the
a stator mapiete feld track by means of at least one
permanent magnet, producing an armature
held by means of a pernament magnet and shaping and
the mag. 10 locating sad magnene fields in such a manner as to
ane lines of toree between
produce relative contrauous undircenonal motion be-
the pales of the stal
of mapnels
tween said stator and armature field producing magnets
24 The sterial ni produme a unbrechnal note
27. The methnd of producang a nonve force by per-
force as i chan 22 minue concentrate the mag:
manent magaels as in clan 26 where said stator mag-
ten. field extit between the poles of the armature 13 nete field is substantally of a single polanty
28 The method of producing a motive force by per
Ital mute
25 The methad at produ mean
Cred as a chan 22 incinding concentra
Cated by marmene lanes totee betaven
the poles of the statut maplets and cons
rating the 20
manent magnets as in clam 26 eluding concentrauing
the magnetic field of said water field track and armature
magnetic field.
Dear Friend of Interdimensional Sciences,
This booklet about the magnet motor is being published by us to
partially explain the 72kw magnet motor-generator set that Dimensional
Sciences Inc. hopes to produce by fall, 1985. One dollar of the five
dollar cost of this booklet will pay for your deposit of the expected
total cost of the generator of $6000.00, if you so desire. Please fill
out the bottom half of this page and send it to: Dimensional Sciences Inc.
P.O. Box 167, Lemont GA 30552. The number on the form will tell your
place in line for the generator unit.
252
Name_
Mailing Address_
City_
Telephone #_
State_
Freight Address (if different than above)
Name
Address
City_
State
Directions (keep it simple)
zip.
252
_Zip_

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 1017, "chars": 6494, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTION CONVERSION
MEANS
nets. A diverter device alternately diverts the magnetic
field of one of the stationary magnets so that only the
other stationary magnet, which at that time has its di-
rection of polarity in opposition to the polarity of the
HACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
5 movable magnet, is capable of influencing the movable
The present invention relates to a magnetie motor in
magnet hy the creation of a repulsion force between
which both the nuvable and the stationary members
the magnets This repulsion force in turn causes the
are constructed from permanent mugnets
movement of the movable magnet
Due to the lack of available sources of standard types
In the preferred embodiment of the present inven-
of fuel and to the concerns for protecting the environ
10 tion, the stationary magnets and the movable magnets
ment, alternative sources for supplying energy for the
are all constructed of horseshoe-shaped magnets The
driving of power systems becomes highly advanta-
first and second stationary magnets are adjacently ar-
geous. One type of power system which eliminates the
ranged and laterally offset with respect to one another.
need for fuel and also eliminates the ecological draw-
The movable magnet is mounted for rotation about an
haeks of fuel consumption. is a system which utilizes
15 axial member so as to enable its direction of polarity to
magnetic motors. With the increasing problems of
be inversed due to the rotution of the movable magnet.
available sources of fuel and dangers to the environ-
Accordingly, when the magnetic field of the movable
ment. the interest in the utilization of such motors has
magnet is orientated in the same direction as the mag
recently significantly increased. Accordingly, many at-
netic field of one of the stationary magnet
the diverter
tempts are presently being mode to provide magnetic 20 device diverts the magnetic field of the other stationary
motors which can he economically and efficiently oper-
magnet such that only the magnetic field of the station-
aled for providing power
ary magnet having the same direction of polarty as the
Several topes of magnetic motors are known in which
magnetic field of the movable magnet influences the
a rotating set of magnets are in henced by aftractive
movable magnet. Due to the identity in the direction of
and repulsive ferees which are created hy a set of sta- 25 magnetic ficks between the magnets, a repulsion force
tionary mapnets. In one such device, as shown in 115
is created between the magnets which in turn causes
Pat. No. 3,703,653, In Robert D. Tracy et al. a sel of
the movable magnet to rotate about its axial member.
magnets minted for rotation about an axis are first at-
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
tracted towands the corresponding stationary magnets
After the rotatable magnets are aligned with the sta- 30
FIG. 1 is a partly sectional view of a drive unit of a
nonary hipnets, the magnetie feks of the statiary
first embodiment of a magnete motor in accordance
nupnets are then altered so as to provide a repulsion
with the present invention
force with respect to the rotatable magnets therchy
FIG: 2 is a perspective view of the magnetic members
causing the continued rotation of the rotatable mag
and the diverter member shown in FIG. I, with the di-
nels. In order to accomplich this effective inversion of ?f verter member being in a first position
the polarity of the stationary magnets, so as to alter-
FIG 3 is a view similar to FIG. 2, with the diverter
nately pronade the attractive and repulsive forces. the
member being in a second position
stationury magnets are initially covered by magnetic
FIG. 4 is a side perspective view of a second embodi-
plates as the rotatable magnets are approuching the po-
ment of a magnetic motor having a plurality of drive
sition of the stationary magnets. These magnetic plates
40
units, which are similar to the type of unit shown in
in effect cause the stationary magnets to provide an at-
FIG. L.
tractive force to the rotatable magnets. When the totat-
FIG. 5 illustrates the angular relationship between
able magnets are then in alignment with the stationary
the movable members shown in FIG. 4.
magnets, these magnetic plates are removed and the
FIG. 6 is a front elevational view taken along lines
stationary magnets then provide a repulsion force to
, 45 VI-VI in FIG. 4 and showing one of the diverter mem-
the rotatable mapnets and thereby cause the con
nued
bers shown in FIG. 4.
movement of the rotatable magnets. With this type of
FIG. 7 is a side elevation of a portion of a third em
system, it is necessary that in addition to the stationary
Indiment of a magnetic motor having a plarality of
and rotatable magnets that the magnetic plates which
drive units of the type shown in FIG. 1.
are provided also be of a magnetic material.
50
FIG. 8 is a front elevational view taken along lines
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
VIII-VIlI in FIG. 7 and showing the interconnection
of a plurality of the drive units shown in FIG. 7.
An ohject of the present invention is to provide a
FIG. 9 is a front elevational view of a portion of a di
magnetic motor which can he both efficiently and eco-
verter member for use with the magnetic motor illus-
nomically operated for providing power
55
trated in FIGS. 7 and 8.
Another object of the present invention is to provide
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
a magnetic motor which operates purely on the cre-
ation of repulsion forces between a set of stationary
EMBODIMENTS
magnets and a corresponding minable magnet
60
A magnetic motor having a power drive unit, as
In accordance with the present invention, these oh-
shown in FIG. 1, has two stationary magnets 2 and 3
jectives are achieved by providing a magnetic motor in
mounted within a housing I and a movable magnet 4
which a movable magnet is alternately effected by
/ а те-
mounted for movement within the magnetic fields of
pulsion force created by either a first or second sta
the stationary magnets The stationary magnets 2 and
ary magnet. The first and second stationary m
gnets 65
3. which are hoth horseshoe-shaped magnets, are ar-
are arranged with inverse directions of polarity and the
ranged with opposite directions of polarities. These sta-
movable magnet is mounted an as to move within the
tionary magnets are pusitioned adjacent to one another
magnetic fields of the first and second stationary mag-
but laterally offset such that the north pole of magnet

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 605, "chars": 3870, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
control the operation of the diverter member 21 in the
said first diverter means includes a plate member with
same manner as described above with respect to the
separate first and second bars of a first metal material
embodiment shown in FIG. 1,
arranged therein and means for reciprocally moving
Within the arrangement of the magnetic motor illus-
said plate member such that said first and second hars
trated in FIG. B, it is also possible to utilize a plurality 5 are alternately positioned adjacent to said first and sec-
of separate diverter members, If separate diverter
ond stationary magnets, respectively, for interrupting
members are utilized, it is possible to supply one mem-
the magnetic fields thereof.
ber for each vertical set of drive units, i.e. there would
4. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
be four such members which would in turn be operated
said stationary magnets and said movable magnet are
in synchronization.
10 horseshoe-shaped magnets and said magnets are ar-
It is noted that the above description and the accom-
ranged such that the open-side of said stationary mag-
panying drawings are provided merely to present excm-
nets face the open-side of said movable magnet.
plery embodiments of the present invention and that
5. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
additional modifications of such embodiments art pos-
said means for removing said plate member includes a
sible within the scope of this invention without deviat- 15 spring coupled to one side of said plate member so as
ing from the spirit thereof.
to move said plate member in one direction and sole-
I claim:
noid actuated means coupled to the opposite side of
1. A magnetic motor having at least ond magnetic
said plate member for selectively applying a force for
drive unit, the drive unit comprising first and second
moving said plate member in an opposite direction.
stationary magnets arranged with inverse directions of 20
6. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein:
polarity: a miable magnet mounted for rotation
there are a plurality of said drive units, each plate mem-
within the magnetic fields of said first and second sta-
ber of said units has an arm extending from one side
bonary magnets, said movable magnet being mounted
thereof, said arms are enupled to a common rotatable
about an axial member so us to enable its direction of
shaft, said shaft has a plurality of cams, each coupled
polarity to be inversed as said movable magnet rotates: 25 to a respective one of said arms, and said shaft and said
diverter means for alternately diverting the magnetic
cams constitute said means for moving said plate mem-
fields of said first and second stationary magnets for
ber; and said movable magnets are connected to a com-
preventing such magnetic fields from influencing suid
mon said axial member, said movable magnets being
movable magnet so as to enable only said stationary
mounted on said axial member so as to be offset from
magnet having its direction of polarity in opposition 30 one another hy equal angles.
with the polarity of said movable magnet to influence
7. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 3 wherein
said mable mugnet by creating a repulsion force be-
there are a plurality of said drive units, said drive units
tween said magnets and thereby causing the movement
being aligned along a common plane, saiu plate mem-
of said movable magnet
hers of said units being connected together so as to be
2. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 1 wherein 35 moved in synchronism; and further comprising a gear
said first and second stationary magnets are adjacently
member concentrically mounted on each of said axial
arranged and laterally offset with respect to one an-
members, said gear members being interconnected
other.
with one another.
3. A magnetic motor as defined in claim 2 wherein
.....
40
45

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1155, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The scientific community is nervous and skeptical about the
permanent magnet motor because some believe the device would
constitute a violation of the law of conservation of matter and
energy. However, this cannot be the case without an entire re-
vision of physics as we know it.
Far more likely, there is a mechanism by which energy is enterring
the system from a source as yet unknown to us.
One possibility is the extraction of energy stored in the electron
spins. When the reporter from Science and Mechanics asked Johnson
whether the magnetic spin was being depleted as the motor operated,
he replied as follows: "I didn't start the electron spins and I
don't know anyway to stop them- do you? They may eventually stop,
but this is not my problemạẠại
Regardless of the true nature of source of its power the
Johnson Permanent Magnet Motor is one of the most attractive
possibilities in the world of "Pree Energy". It is not only one of
the few documented and patented devices with large yields, it is
also one of the simplest of all the devices discussed in this book.
Consequently the Johnson Permanent Magnet Motor warrants major
research effort.

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 235, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
U.S. Patent apr. 24, 1979 Sheet 2 of 2 4,151,431

earpires.. 5

m
4 tom”. *, a a: s a=
, or ‘eam £ J yt oes eS ts Bee, se
Ta Cee era ee ee ie.
o™ = #
a? =.
& See 7

peiemed ie ee eee te

20— \o" W—12

y ET TT A aT aT Te see age
jo —”

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 1045, "chars": 6790, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
ment, or a rotary embodiment, in each instance the
being imposed upon the armature magnets. In this man-
"stator" may consist of a plurality of permanent mag-
ner the speed of rotation of the rotary embodiment may
nets fixed relative to each other in space relationship to
be regulated.
define a track, linear in form in the linear embodiment,
and circular in form in the rotary embodiment. An 1
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
armarure magnet is located in spaced relationship to
The aforementioned objects and advantages of the
such track defined by the stator magnets wherein an air
invention will be appreciated from the following de-
gap exists therebetween. The length of the armature
scription and accompanying drawings wherein:
magnet is defined by poles of opposite polarity, and the
FIG. 1 is a schematie view of electron flow in a su-
length of the armature magnet is disposed relative to the 10 perconductor indicating the unpaired electron spins,
track defined by the stator magnets in the direction of
FIG. 2 is a cross-sectional view of a superconductor
the path of movement of the armature magnet as dis
under a critical state illustrating the electron spins.
placed by the magnetic forces.
FIG. 3 is a view of a permanent magnet illustrating
The stator magnets are so mounted that poles of like
the flux mavement therethrough,
polarity are disposed toward the armature magnet and 15
FIG. 4 is a cross-sectional view illustrating the diame
as the armature magnet has poles which are both at-
ter of the magnet of FIG. 3,
tracted to and repelled by the adjacent pole of the stator
FIG. 5 is an elevational representation of a linear
magnets, both attraction and repuision forces act upon
motor embodiment of the permanent magnet motor of
the armature magnet to produce the reiative displace-
the invention illustrating one position of the armature
ment between the armature and stator magnets
20
magnet relative to the stator magnets, and indicating the
The continuing motive force producing displacement
magnetic forces imposed upon the armature magnet
between the armature and stator magnets results from
FIG. 6 a a view similar to FIG. 5 illustrating dis
the relationship of the length of the armature magnet in
placement of the armature magnet relative to the stator
the direction of its path of movement as related to the
magnets, and the influence of magnetic forces thereon
dimension of the stator magnets, and the spacing there. 25 at this location,
between, in the direction of the path of armature mag-
FIG. 7 is a further elevational view similar to FIGS
set movement. This ratio of magnet and magnet spac-
5 and 6 illustrating further displacement of the armature
ings, and with an acceptable air gap spacing between
magnet to the left, and the influence of the magnetic
the stator and armature magnets, will produce a resul-
forces thereon,
tant force upon the armature magnet which displaces 30
FIG. 8 is a top plan view of a linear embodiment of
the armature magnet across the stator magnet along its
the inventive concept illustrating a pair of armature
path of movemeat
magnets in linked relationship disposed above the stator
In the practice of the invention movement of the
magnets
armature magnet relative to the stator magnets results
FIG. 9 is a diametrical, clevational, sectional view of
from a combination of attraction and repulsion forces 35 a rotary motor embodiment in accord with the iaven
existing between the stator and armature magnets. By
tion as taken along section IX-IX of FIG. 10, and
concentrating the magnetic fields of the stator and ar-
FIG. 10 is an elevational view of the rotary motor
mature magnets the motive force imposed upon the
mbodiment as taken along section X-X of FIG. 9.
armature magnet is intensified, and in the disclosed
embodiments such magnetic field concentration means 40
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
are disclosed.
EMBODIMENTS
The disclosed magnetic field concentrating means
In order to better understand the theory of the inven-
comprise a plate of high magnetic field permeability
tive concept, reference is made to FIGS. 1 through 4. In
disposed adjacent one side of the stator magnets in sub-
FIG. 1 a superconductor 1 is illustrated having a posi
stantial engagement therewith. This high permeability 45 tive particle flow as represented by arrow 2, the un
material is thus disposed adjacent poles of like polarity
paired electrons of the ferrous conducting material 1
of the stator magnets. The magnetic field of the arma
spin at right angles to the proton flow in the conductor
ture magnet may be concentrated and directionally
as represented by the spiral line and arrow 3. In accord
oriented by bowing the armature magnet, and the mag-
with the theory of the invention the spinning of the
netic field may furtber be concentrated by shaping the so ferrous unpaired electrous results from the atomic strac
pole ends of the armature magnet to concentrate the
ture of ferrous materials and this spinning atomic part-
magnet field at a relatively limited surface at the arma-
cle is believed to be opposite in charge and located at
ture magnet pole enda
right angles to the moving electrons. It is assumed to be
Preferably, a plurality of armature magnets are used
very small in size capable of penetrating other element
which are staggered with respect to each other in the 15 and their compounds unless they have umpsired elec
direction of armature magnet movement. Such an off-
trons which capture these particles as they endeavor to
setting or staggering of the armature magnets distrib
pass therethrough.
utes the impulses of force imposed upon the armature
The lack of electrical resistance of conductors at a
magnets and resuits in a smoother application of forces
critical superconductor state has long been recognized.
to the armature magnet producing a smoother and more 60
and superconductors have been utilized to produce
uniform movement of the armature component.
very high magnetic flux density electromagnets. FIG. 2
In the rotary embodiment of the permanent magnet
represents a cross section of a critical superconductor
motor of the invention the stator magnets are arranged
and the electron spim are indicaled by the arrows 3.
in a circle, and the armature magnets rotate about the
A permanent magnet may be considered a supercon
stator magnets. Means are disclosed for producing rela- 65 ductor as the electron flow therein docs not cease, and
tive axial displacement between the stator and armature
is without resistance, and unpaired electric spinning
magnets to adjust the axial alignment thereof, and
particles exist which, in the practice of the invention,
thereby regulate the magnitude of the magnetic forces
are utilized to produce motor force. FIG. 3 illustrates a

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 7017, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
7
the change in magnetic forces imposed thereon. The use
vector tending to displace the armature magnets in their
of several armature magnets tends to tamooth out the
path of movement increases. However, the decreasing
application of forces imposed upon linked armature
of the spacing between the armature and stator magnets
magnets, resulting in a smoother movement of the arma-
creates a *puisation" in the movement of the armature
ture magnet assembly. Of course, any number of arma- 5 magnets which is objectionable, but can be, to some
ture magnets may be interconnected, limited only by
extent, minimized by using a plurality of armature mag,
the width of the stator magnet track 22
nets. The increasing of the distance between the arma
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a rotary embodiment embracing
ture and stator magnets reduces the pulsation tendency
the inventive concept is illustrated. In this embodiment
of the armature magnet, but also reduces the magnitude
the principle of operation is identical to that described 10 of the magnetic forces imposed upon the armarure mag
above, but the orientation of the stator and armature
nets. Thus, the most effective spacing between the ar-
magnets is such that rotation of the armature magnets is
mature magnets. Thus, the most effective spacing be-
produced about an axis, rather than a linear movement
tween the armature and stator magnets is that spacing
being achieved.
which produces the maximum force vector in the direc
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a base is represented at 46 serving 15 tion of armature magnet movement, with a minimum
as a support for a stator member 48. The stator member
creacion of objectionable pulsation.
48 is made of a nonmagnetic material, such as synthetic
In the disclosed embodiments the high permeability
plastic, aluminum, or the like. The stator includes a
plate 20 and sleeve 56 are disclosed for concentrating
cylindrical surface 50 having an axis, and a threaded
the magnetic field of the stator magnets, and the arma-
bore 52 is concentrically defined in the stator. The sta- 20 ture magnets are bowed and have shaped ends for mag
tor includes an annular groove 54 receiving an annular
netic field concentration purposes. While such magnetic
sleeve 56 of high magnetic field permeability material
feld concentration means result in higher forces im-
such as Netic Co-Netic and a plurality of stator magnets
posed upon the armature magnets for given magnet
58 are affixed upon the sleeve 56 in spaced circumferen
intensities, it is not intended that the inventive coocepes
tial relationship as will be apparent in FIG. 10. Prefers- 23 be limited to the use of such magnetic field concentrat-
bly, the stator magnets 58 are formed with converging
ing means
radial sides as to be of a wedge configuration having a
As will be appreciated from the above description of
curved inner surface engaging sleeve 36, and a conves
the invention, the movement of the armature magnet or
outer pole surface 60.
magnets resultsfrom the described relationship of com-
The armarure 62, in the illustrated embodiment, is of 10 ponents. The length of the armature magnets as related
a dished configuration having a radial web poroon, and
As the width of the stator magnets and spacing therebe
an axially extending portion 64. The armature 62 is
tween, the dimension of the sir gap and the configura-
formed of a nonmagnetic material, and an annular beit
tion of the magnetic field, combined, produce the de
receiving groove 66 is defined therein for rectiving a
sired result and motion. The inventive concepts may be
belt for transmitting power from the armature to a gen- 35 practiced even though these relationships may be varied
erator, or other power consuming device. Three arms-
within limits not yet defined and the invention is in
ture magnets 68 are mounted on the armature portion
tended to encompass all dimensional relationships
64, and such magnets are of a configuration similar to
which achieve the desired goal of armarure movement.
the armature magnet configuration of FIOS. 5 through
By way of example, with respect to FIOS. 4-7, the
7. The magnets 68 are staggered with respect to each 40 following dimensions were used in an operating proto
other in a circumferential direction wherein the mag-
type
nets are not disposed as 120° circum/erential relation-
The length of armature magnet 24 is 34", the stator
ships to each other. Rather, a slight angular staggering
magnets 12 are I" wide, I" thick and 4" long and grain
of the armature magnets is desirable to smooth out
oriented. The air gap between the poles of the armature
the magnetic forces being imposed upon the armature as 45 magnet and the stator magnets is approximately liạand
a result of the magnetic forces being simultaneoualy
the spacing berween the stator magnets is approxi-
imposed upon each of the armature magnets. The stag-
mately iạẠỊimch
gering of the armature magnets 68 in a circumferencial
In effect, the stator magnets define a magnetic field
track of a single polarity transversely interrupted at
direction produces the same effect as the staggering a so spaced locations by the magnetic fields produced by the
the armature magnets 40 and 42 as shown in FIG. 8.
The armature 62 is mounted upon a threaded shaft 70
lines of force existing between the poles of the stator
by antifriction bearings 72. and the shaft 70 is threaded
magnets and the unidirectional force exerted on the
into the stator threaded bore 52, and may be rotated by
armanure magnet is a resuit of the repulsion and attrac-
the knob 74. In this manner rotation of the knob 74, and
tion forces existing as the armature magnet traverses
shaft 70, axially displaces the armature 62 with respect 51 this magnetic field track
to the stator magnets 58, and such axial displacement
It is to be understood that the inventive concept em
will very the magnitude of the magnetic forces imposed
braces an arrangement wherein the armature magnet
upon the armature magnets 68 by the stator magnets
component is stationary and the stator assembly is sup
thereby controlling the speed of rotation of the arma-
ported for movement and constitutes the moving com-
ture.
60 ponent, and other variarions of the inventive concep
As will be noted from FIGS. 4-7 and 9 and 10, an air
will be apparent to those skilled in the art without de-
gap exists between the armature magnet or magnets and
parting from the scope thereof. As used herein the term
the stator magnets and the dimension of the spacing.
track is intended to include both linear and circular
effects the magnitude of the forces imposed upon the
arrangements of the static magnets, and the direction
armature magnet or magnets. If the distance between as or length" of the track is that direction parallel or
the armature magents, and the stator magnets is reduced
concentric to the intended direction of armature magne
the forces impused upon the armarure magnets by the
movement
stator magnets are increased, and the resultant force
1 claim:

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1936, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
4,151,43łł
12
poles of the stator magnets and positioning the armature
magnetic field exsting between the poles of the arma-
magnet in spaced relation to said magnetic field track
ture magnet
longitudinaily related to the direction of the magnetic
26. The method of producing a move force by per-
field track such a distance that the repuision and attrac
manent magnets wherein the unpaired electron spinning
tion forces imposed on the armature magnet by said 5 particies existing within a permanent magnet are uti-
magnetic field track imposes a continuing unidirectional
lized for producing a motive force comprising forming
force on the armature magnet in the direction of the
a stator magnetic field track by means of at least one
magnetic field track.
permanent magnet, producing an armature magnetic
23. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
field by means of a permament magnet and shaping and
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag- 10 locating said magnetic fields in such a manner as to
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
produce relative continuous unidirectional motion be-
the poles of the stator magnets.
tween said stator and armature field producing magnets.
24. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
77. The method of producing a motive force by per-
force as in claim 22 including concentraing the mag-
manent magnets as in claim 26 wherein said stator mag-
netic field existing between the poles of the armature 15 netic field is substantially of a single polarity.
magnet
28. The method of producing a motive force by per-
29. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
manent magnets as in claim 26 including concentrating
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag-
the magnetie field of said stator field track and armature
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
magnetic field.
De poles of the stator magnets and conce
20

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2792, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BUILDING YOUR OWN "FREE ENERGY"
DEMONSTRATION MODEL
I feel certain that you still have some difficulty accepting the reality
of free energy. When Howard Johnson applied for his original patent
(#4,151,431), he had to build actual rotary and linear test models of
much greater sophistication than the model described herein. He was
finally awarded the patent on appeal by the unanimous vote of eight
patent examiners. This included everyone of his 28 claims.
In awarding Johnson his patent, the U.S. Patent Office acknowledged
permanent magnets as a source of energy.
Johnson's prototypes contradict current scientific theories regarding
the conservation of energy or at least magnetic spin. The very existance of
the working models point to our lack of knowledge of the atomic
structure of magnets.
Computers were used extensively to determine magnet stator shape
and rotor design. The mathematics generated to calculate the forces in the
rotor and stator are monumental. Critical size and shape relationships
must be maintained between the fixed stator magnets and the curved magnets
with sharp leading and trailing edges used in the rotor, if one is to produce
usable quantities of power.
As Johnson's long appeal battle with the Patent Office has proven,
"When It comes to free energy, most of us are from Missouri". We
want someone to show us. Once we see that something works, then
we are prepared to accept it and lend our enthusiasm to is.
For this reason, we are including this detailed description of
the design and construction of a very simple working model.
For those who find this model too elementary, we are offering some
suggestions as to the construction of more useful and sophisticated designs.
The basic idea was to show the actual generation of energy without input
according to one of the inventions described in the body of the text. The criteria
for such a model were clear:
1) It had to be buildable at minimal cost.
2)
Materials had to be readily obtainable.
3)
Construction time should be minimal.
4)
Tools should be limited to the most common.
5)
No mechanical knowledge should be required on the part of the builder.
For simplicity of theory and irrefutability of existance and performance the Johnson
Permanent Magnet Motor was the obvious choice.
We set out to apply these five criteria to a linear working model. After some
trial and error we arrive at the assortment of materials shown in Figure 1.
Prototypes are extremely difficult to build because there are no economies
resulting from mass production. As a result this is the most sophisticated model
that could be bullt for under $15.00 at prevailing retail prices.
Below you will find a listing of parts and recommended suppliers (a scale is
provided to enable you to determine dimensions in Figure 1).

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 3154, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
QUANTITY
ITEM
Guide Rod for armature
(Chop Stick or dowel)
Test Magnet
Stator Track
SUPPLIER
Chinese Restaurat
Arts & Crafts Shop
Radio Shack
Building Supply Store
Hardware Store
5
Stator Magnets
Radio Shack
1
Glass Jar (label intentionally
Super Market
left on the jar)
Armature Magnet
Hobby Shop
(3 small magnets)
Non-Ferrous Bowls (plastic)
Super Market
The first step in constructing the model is the assembly of the stator. This
is shown in Figure 2. The magnets are placed on the track with a spacing of
approximately 50% of the magnet's diameter between them. The fest magnet is used
to check the magnetic polarity. (The North Pole of each magnet must be facing
upward.) It is critical that the pole faces be up and down as shown in Johnson's Patent.
The second step simply involves placing the armature magnet parallel to the
length of the jar and sealing the jar water-tight. The armature magnet must be
polarized end-to-end but shaping with pointed ends and a curvature is not necessary
for this application.
The final assembly procedures involve the following;
1)
Place stator magnet assembly into the bowl.
2)
Fill the bowl with water. For the version we used the depth was
3½ inches - or + ¼ inch.
Position the guide rod parallel to the stator assembly.
4)
Place the armature jar in the water and work to attain a geometry
as shown in Figure 4. This is the most difficult step and may require
considerable trial-and-error. The real key to the success of the
Johnson Motor is the geometric relationship between the parts.
Once the final assembly has been accomplished, the model will perform as
shown in Figure 5. It will accelerate along the track from one end to the other.
Turn the armature jar 180° and it will run the opposite way. Reverse the armature jar
magnet and it will run backwards. Reverse one stator magnet and it will stop. Reverse
all of the stator magnets and it will run backwards.
These few simple experiments should easity convince you that free
energy is real and the Johnson Motor is a real example.
For those engineers and physicists who are still skeptical, I ask you to sit
down with the model, Johnson's Patent and some paper. Perform some basic vector
analysis. You will find that armature equilibrium is never achieved and a net
resultant force is always present at every point in the path of the armature's travel.
The design complexity of a Johnson Motor as the unit gets bigger and more
powerful grows to immense proportions. However, two variants of this simple model
are buildable for under $100.00 and would make great conversation pieces for
the home. One is an extended linear version 15-20 feet long. This requires only
replacing the plastic bowl with a length of aluminum guttering. This will enable
you to see the armature accelerate to maximum velocity along a lengthy stator
track.
An even more impressive version of this basic design is the construction
of a rotary motor in which the armature follows a circular track while tethered
to a central point by a light-weight dowel. Imagine a perpetually revolving armature
floating in a pool in your garden:a definite reminder that free energy is here.

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 1023, "chars": 6776, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
9
10
1. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi
13. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 12
nation, a stator track defining a track direction and
wherein said armature magnets are circumferentially
having first and second sides and composed of a plural-
nonuniformily spaced on said armarure.
ity of track permanent magnets each having first and
14. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi
second poles of opposite polarity, said magnets being 3 nation, a stator comprising a plurality of circumferes
disposed in side-by-side relationship having a spacing
taily spaced stator permanent magnets having poles of
between adjacent magnets and like poles defining said
opposite polarity, said magnets being arranged to sub
track sides, an clongated armature permanent magnet
stantially define a circle having an axis, the poles of said
located on one of said track sides for relative movement
magnets facing in a radial direction with respect to said
thereto and in spaced relationship to said track side 10 axis and poles of the same polarity facing away from
wherein an air gap exists between said armature magnet
said axis and the poles of opposite polarity facing
and said track magnets, said armature magnet having
toward said axis, an armature mounted for rotation
first and second poles of opposite polarity located at the
about said axis and diposed adjacent said stator, at leas
one armature permanent magnet having poles of oppo
opponte ends of said armature magnet defining the 13 site polarity mounted on said armature and in radis
length thereof, the length of said armature magnet being
disposed in a direction in general aligement with the
speced relationship to said circle of stator magnets, said
direction of said track, the spacing of said armature
armature magnet poles extending in the circumferential
magnet poles from said track associated side and the
direction of armature rotation, the spacing of said arma
ture magnet poles from said stator magnet and the
length of said armature magnet as related to the width a0 circumferential length of said armature magnet and the
and spacing of said track magnets in the direction of said
track being such as to impose a continuous force on said
spacing of said stator magnets being such as to impose a
armature magnet in said general direction of said track.
continuing circumferential force on said armature mag-
net to rotate said armature.
2 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
15. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between said poles of said armature maget 25 wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
and the adjacent stator track side are substantially equal.
upon said armature.
3. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
14. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between adjacent track magnets varies
wherein sid armature magnets are asymmetrically cir-
4. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
cumferentially spaced on said armature.
a plurality of armature magnets are disposed on a com- 30
17. La a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
mon side of said stator track, said armature magnets
wherein the poles of said armature magnet are shaped to
being mechanically interconnected.
concentrate the magnetic field thereof.
3. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 4 wherein
18. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14, mag:
said armature magnets are staggered with respect to
netic field concentrating means associated with said
each other in the direction of said track.
35 stator magnets coocentrating the magnetic fields
6. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 whereis
thereof at the specinga between adjacent stalor mag
magnetic field concentrating means are associated with
nets.
said track magnets.
19. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
7. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 6 wherein
wherein said magnet field concentrating means com-
said field concentrating mears comprises a sheet of 40 prises an annular ring of high magnetic feld perracabil.
magnetic material of high magnetic field permeability
ity material concentric with said axis and in substantial
engaging side and pole of said track magnets opposite to
engagement with poics of like polarity of said stator
that side and pole disposed toward said armature mag-
magnets
net.
30. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
8. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
45 wherein said armature magnet is of an arcuate bowed
said armature magnet is of an arcuate configuration in
configuration in the direction of said poles thereof de-
its longitudinal direction bowed toward said track, said
fining a concave side and a conver side, said concave
said armature magnet having ands shaped to couces
sice being disposed toward sid axis, and said poles of
trate the magnetic field at said ends.
said armature magnet being shaped to concentrate the
9. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 whercis
30 magnetic field between said poles thereof.
said stator track is of a generally lincar configuration,
21. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
and meams supporting said armature magnet relative to
means for axially displacing said stator and armature
relative to each other to adjust the axial alignment of
said track for generally linear movement of said arma-
said stator and armature magnets
ture magnet
10 la a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 33
22. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
force by permanent magnets using a plurality of spaced
whercin said stator track magnets define a circle having
stator permanent magnets having opposite polarity
an axis, an armature routably mounted with respect to
poles defining a track having a predetermined direction.
said track and concentric and coaxial thereto, said arma
and an armature magnet having a length defined by
ture magnet being mounted upon said armature.
60 poles of opposite polarity movably mounted for move-
11. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 10,
ment relative to the track in the direction thereof, and of
means axially adjusting said armature relative to said
a predetermined length determined by the width and
track whereby the axial relationship of said armature
dimensions of said stator magnets comprising forming a
magnet and said stator magnets may be varied to adjust
magnetic feld track by said stator magnets having a
the rate of rotation of said armature.
45 magnetic field of common polarity interrupted at
12 In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
spaced locations in a direction transverse to the direc
wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
tion of said magnetic field track by magnetic fields ere
on said armature.
aled by magnetic lines of force existing between the

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 1140, "chars": 7156, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
6
horseshoe shaped permanent magnet at 4 and the mag-
the stator magnets 12 are indicated by the light dotted
netic flux therethrough is indicated by arrows 5, the
lines
magnetic flow being from the south pole to the north
The armature magnet 24 is maintained in a spaced
pole and through the magnetic material. The aceumu-
relationship above the stator track 22. This spacing may
lated electron spins occurring about the diameter of the $ be accomplished by mounting the armature magnet
magnet 5 are represented at 6 in FIG. 4, and the spin-
upon a slide, guide or track located above the stator
ning electron particles spin at right angles in the iron as
magnets, or the armature magnet could be mounted
the flux travels through the magnet material.
upon a wheeled vehicle carriage or slide supported
By utilizing the electron spinning theory of ferrous
upon a nonmagnetic surface or guideway disposed be-
material electrons, it is possible with the proper ferro- 10 tween the stator magnets and the armature magnet. To
magnetic materials, geometry and magnetic concentra-
clarify the illustration, the mears for supporting the
tion to utilize the spinning electrons to produce a mo-
armature magnet 24 is not illustrated and such means
tive force in a continuous direction, thereby resulting in
form no part of invention, and it is to be understood that
a motor capable of doing work.
the means supporting the armature magnet prevents the
It is appreciated that the embodiments of motors
If armature magnet from moving away from the stator
unlizing the concepts of the invention may take many
magnets, or moving closer thereto, but permits free
forms, and in the illustrated forms the basic relation-
movement of the armature magnet to the left or right in
ships of components are illustrated in order to disclose
a direction parallel to the track 22 defined by the stator
the inventive concepts and principles.
magnets
The relationships of the plurality of magnets defining
It will be noted that the length of the armature mag-
the stator 10 are best appreciated from FIGS. 5 through
net 24 a slightly greater than the width of two of the
8. The stator magnets 12 are preferably of a rectangular
stator magnets 13 and the spacing therebetween. The
configuration, FIG. 8, and so magnetized that the poles
magnetic forces acting upon the armature magnet when
in the position of FIG. 5 will be repulsion forces 34 due
exist at the large surfaces of the magnets, as will be a5 to the proximity of like polarity forces and attraction
appreciated from the N (North) and S (South) designa
toms. The stator magnets include side edges 14 and 16
forces at 36 because of the opposite polarity of the south
and end edges 18. The stator magnets are mounted upon
pole of the armature magnet, and the north pole field of
a supporting plate 20, which is preferably of a metal
the sector magnets. The relative strength of this force is
material having a high permeability to magnetic fields 30
represented by the thickness of the force line.
and magnetic flux such as that available under the trade-
The resultant of the force vectors imposed upon the
mark Netic CoNetic sold by the Perfection Mica Com-
armature magnet as shown in FIG. 5 produce a primary
force vector 38 toward the left, FIG. 5, displacing the
pany of Chicago, Illinois. Thus, the plate 20 will be
armature magnet 24 toward the left. In FIG. 6 the mag-
disposed toward the south pole of the stator magnets 12,
and preferably in direct engagement therewith, al- 15
netic forces acting upon the armatare magnet are repre-
i sented by the same reference numerals as in FIG. 5.
though a bonding material may be interposed berween
While the forces 34 constitute repulsion forces tending
the magnets and the plate in order to accurately locate
to move the north pole of the armature magnet away
and fix the magnets on the piate, and position the stator
from the stator magnets, the attraction forces imposed
magnets with respect to each other.
upon the south pole of the armature magnet and some of
Preferably, the spacing between the stator magnets 12 40 the repulsion forces, tend to move the armature magnet
slightly differs between adjacent stator magnets as such
further to the left, and as the resultant force 38 contin-
a variation in spacing varies the forces being imposed
ues to be toward the left the armature magnet continues
upon the armature magnet at its ends, at any given time.
to be forced to the left.
and thus results in a smoother movement of the arma
FIG. 7 represents further displacement of the arma-
ture magnet relative to the stator magnets. Thus, the 45 ture magnet 24 to the left with respect to the position of
stator magnets so positioned relative to cach other de-
FIG. 6, and the magnetic forces acting thereon are
fine a track 22 having a longitudinal direction left to
represented by the same reference numerals as in FIGS.
right as viewed in FIGS. 5 through 8.
§ and 6, and the stator magnet will continue to move to
In FIGS, 5 through 7 only a single armature magnet
the left, and such movement continues the length of the
24 is disclosed, while in FIG. 8 a pair of armature mag- 30 track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12.
sets are shown. For purposes of understanding the con-
Upon the armature magner being reversed such that
cepts of the invention the description herein will be
the north pole is positioned at the night as viewed in
limited to the use of single armature magnet as shown in
FIG. 5, and the sourb pole is positioned at the left, the
FIGS. 5 through 7.
direction of movement of the armature magnet relative
The armature magnet is of an elongated configuration 15 to the stator magnets is toward the right, and the theory
wherein the length extends from left to right, FIG. 5,
of movement is identical to that described above
and may be of a rectangular transverse cross-sectional
In FIG. 8 a plurality of armature magnets 40 and 42
shape. For magnetic field concentrating and orientation
are illustrated which are connected by links 44. The
purposes the magnet 24 a formed in an arcuate bowed
armature magnets are of a shape and configuration iden-
configuration as defined by concave surfaces 26 and 60 tical to that of the embodiment of FIG. 5, but the mag-
convex surfaces 28, and the poles are defined at the ends
nets are staggered with respect to each other in the
of the magnet as will be appreciated from FIG. 5. For
direction of magnet movement, Le. the direction of the
further magnetic field cuncentrating purposes the ends
track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12. By so stagger-
of the armature magnet are shaped by beveled surfaces
ing a plurality of armature magnets a smoother move-
30 to minimize the cross-sectional area at the magnet 65 ment of the interconnected armature magnets is pro-
ends at 32, and the magnetic flux existing between the
duced as compared when using a single armature mag-
poles of the armature magnet are as indicated by the
net as there is variation in the forces acting upon each
light dotted lines. I- like manner the magnetic fields of
armature magnet as it moves above the track 22 due to

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 6800, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
1
flow of magnetic positive particles or magnetic flux
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
causes the unpaired clectrons to spin at right angles
FIELD OF THE INVENTION
Under cryogenie superconduction conditions the freez-
ing of the crystals in place makes it possible for the spins
The invention pertains to the feld of permanent mag- 5 to continue, and in a permanent magnet the grain orien
net motor devices solely using the magnetic fields cre-
tation of the magnetized materiai resuits in the spins
ated thereby to product motive power.
permitting them to continue and for the flux to flow
parallel to the metal
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
In a superconductor, at first the electron is flowing
Conventional electrie motors employ magnetic 10 and the positive particle is spinning: later, when critical,
forces to produce either rotative or linear motion. Elec-
the reverse occurs, i.e., the electron is spinning and the
tric motors operate on the principle that when a con-
positive particle is flowing at right angles. These post-
ductor is located in a magnetic field which carries cur-
tive particles will thread or work their way through the
rent a magnetic force ia exerted upon it.
electron spins present in the metal.
Normally, in a conventional electric motor, the rotor, 13
In a sense, a permanent magnet may be considered
or stator, or both, are so wired that magnetic fields
the only room temperature superconductor. It is a su-
created by electromagnetcs may employ attraction,
perconductor because the eiectron flow does not cease,
repuision, or both types of magnetic forces, to impose a
and this electron flow can be made to do work because
force upon the armature to cause rotation, or to cause
of the magnetic field it supplies. Previously, this source
the armature to be displaced in a linear path. Conven- 20 of power has not been used because it was not possible
tional electric motors may empioy permanent magnets
to modify the electron flow to accomplish the switching
either in the armature or stator components, but in the
Punctions of the magnetic feld. Such switching fune-
art heretofore known the use of permanent magnets in
tions are common in a conventional electric motor
either the stator or armature require the creation of an
where electrical current is employed to align the much
electromagnetic field to act upon the field produced by 25 greater electros curreat in the iron pole pieces and
the permanent magnets, and switching means are em
concentrate the magnetic field at the proper places to
ployed to control the energization of the electromag-
give the thrust necessary to move the motor armarure
nets and the orientation of the magnetic fields, to pro-
In a conventional electric motor, switching is accom
duce the mouve power.
plished by the use of brushes, commutators, alternating
It is my bebef that the full potential of magnetic 30 current, or other known means
forces existing in permanent magnets has not been rec-
In order to accomplish the switching function in s
ognized or utilized because of incomplete information
permanent magnet motor, it is necessary to shield the
and theory with respect to the atomic motion occurring
magnetic leakage so that it will not appear as too grea
within a permanest magnet. Is is my belief that a pres
a loss factor at the wrong places. The best method to
ently unnamed atomic particle is associated with the 35 accomplish this is to use the superconductor of mag
electron movement of a superconducting electromagnet
netic flux and concentrate it to the place where it will be
and the lossless current flow of Amperian currents in
the most effective. Timing and switching can be
permanent magnets. The unpaired clectron flow is simi-
achieved in a permanent magnet motor by concentrat-
Lar in both situations. This small particle is believed to
ing the flux and using the proper geometry of the motor
be opposite in charge and to be located at right angles to t0 rotor and stator to make most effective use of the mag
the moving clectron, and the particle would be very
netic feids generated by the electron spins. By the
small as to penetrate all known elementa, in their vari-
proper combination of materials, geometry and mag
ous states as well as their knowe compounds, unles
necic concentration, it is possible to achieve a mechani-
they have unpaired electrons which capture these parti
cal advantage of high ratio, greater than 100 to 1, capa
eles as they endeavor to pass therethrough.
45 ble of producing a continuous motive force.
Ferro electrons differ from those of most clements in
To my kaowledge, previous work done with perme
that they are unpaired, and being unpaired they spin
nent magnets, and mouve devices utiliring permanent
around the nucleus in such a way that they respood to
magnets, have not achieved the result destred in the
magnetic fields as well as creating one thermelves. If
practice of the inventive concept, and it is with the
they were paired, their magnetic felds would cancel 30 proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
out. However, being unpaired they create a measurable
netic concentration that the presence of the magnetic
magneric field if their spir have been oriented in one
spira within a permanent magnet may be utilized as a
direction. The spins are at right angles to their magnetic
motive force.
fieids.
In niobium superconductors at a critical state, the 15
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
magnetie lines of force cease to be at right angles. This
It is an object of the invention to utilize the magnetic
change must be due to establishing the required condi-
spinning phenomenon of unpaired electrons occurring
tora for unpaired electronic spins instead of electron
in ferro magnetic material to produce the movement of
now in the conductor, and the fact that very powerful
a mess in a unidirectional manner as to permit a motor
electromagnets that can be formed with superconduc- 60 to be driven solely by magnetic forces as occurring
toms illustrates the tremendous advantage of producing
within permanent magnets. In the practice of the inven-
the magnetic field by unpaired electroe spins rathe
tive concepts, motors of either linear or rotative types
than conventional electron flow.
may be produced.
In a superconducting metal, wherein the electrical
It is an object of the invention to provide the proper
resistance becomes greater in the metal than the proton &5 combination of materials, geometry and magnetic con-
resistance, the flow turns to electron spins and the posi-
centration to utilize the force generated by unpaired
tive particles flow parallel in the metal in the manner
electron spins existing in permanent magnets to power a
occurring in a permanent magnet where a powerful
motor. Whether the motor constitutes a lincar embodi-

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 7119, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,899,703
2 is positioned higher than the adjacent south pole of
shown in FIG. 3, the movable magnet 4 continues to ro
magnet 3, such as shown in FIG, 2.
Late so that it is now tilted with respect to the stationary
The movable magnet 4, which is also a horseshoe
magnets. In the same manner, the movable magnet 4 is
shaped magnet, is mounted on the axial member 9
tilled with respect to the stationary magnets when the
which is in turn mounted within the housing I so as to 5 diverter bar is finally brought into its downward posi-
be capable of being rotated As the movable magnet 4
tion, shown in FIG. 2, due to the actuation of the sole-
rotates, it passes through the magnetic fieks of the sta-
nok! a.
tionary magnets 2 and 3. A diverter plate member 6,
Prior to the initial actuation of the drive unit, the di-
having two diverter hars 12u and 12h, alternately di-
verter member 6 will be in its upward position due to
verts the magnetic fields from one of the stationary 10 the influence of the spring 7 and hence the movable
magnets such that only the other stationary magnet in-
magnet 4 will have its south polarity on top. When ini-
fluences the movable magnet. 1 he diverter plate mem-
tially actuating this system therefore, the solenoid & is
ber is movable between the set of hearings 11.
actuated so as to pull the diverter member 6 in a down-
Consequently, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3, when the
ward direction thereby enabling the stationary magnet
movable magnet a has its south pole in the top position, 15 3 to influence the movement of the movable magnet 4
the diverted member 6 positions the diverter bar 12a in
and starting the operation of the magnetic motor.
front of the stationary magnet 2 so as to prevent the sta-
In mounting the stationary magnets and the movable
tionary magnet 2 from influencing the movable magnet
magnets, it becomes desirable to mount these magnets
4. When the diverter member & is in this position, only
in such a manner so that it is easily possible to detach
the stationary magnet 3 influences the movable magnet 20 them and replace them with new magnets due to any
4. Since the stationary magnet 3 and movable magnet
subsequent defects or wear in the magnets
4 have the same direction of polarity, a repulsion force
In FIG. 4, a magnetic motor is shown which utilizes
is created between these magnets, this force causing
a plurality of drive units of the type shown in FIG. I.
the rotation of the movable magnet 4 in the direction
As shown in this Figure, a plurality of stationary mag-
shown hy arrow A. After the movable mugnet 4 has 25 nets 2 and 3 are mounted within the housing for each
been rotated so that the north pole is in the top posi
of the drive units. A plurality of movable magnets 4 are
tion, the diverter member 6 is moved into a second po-
mounted on a common axial member 13, with each of
sition in which the diverter har 12h diverts the magnet
the movable magnets being offset by an equal angle
field of the stationary magnet 3 such that only the mag
with respect to the adjacent movable magnet, such as
netic field of the statinary magnet 2 influences the
30 shown by the illustration in FIG. 5. If eight such mov
movable magnet 4. Since the movable magnet 4 is tilled
able magnets 4 are provided, the angle by which the
with respect to the orientation of the stationary magnet
magnets are offset with respect to one another would
2. the repulsion force which is created hetween the sta-
he 22½. While in the arrangement of a plurality of
tionars muguet 2 and the movable magnet 4 causes the
drive units such as shown in FIG. 4, it is possible to uti-
movable magnet 4 to continue to rotate in the direction
35 lize a spring and solenoid for the movement of the di-
shown by the arrow A
verter member 6 of each of the drive units, it is also
The diverter member 6 is moved hetween the two po-
possible to move the diverter members through the use
sitions for alternately diverting the magnetic field of
of a cam arrangement. Thus, as shown in FIG. 6, a cam
the stationary magnets 2 and 3, under the influence of
member 15 is provided, which cam member is eccentri.
the spring 7 and the solenoid 8. Spring 7 which is at-
40
cally mounted on a shaft 14 hy the coupling 16. The di-
tached to ann fu of the diverter member 6 pulls the di-
verter member 6 is forced in a downward direction by
verter memher in un upward direction such that the di-
the spring member 7u so as to be in contact with the pe-
verter bar 12h is aligned with the stationary magnet 3.
ripheral surface of the cam member 15. Thus as the
As the motable magnet 4 continues to rotate the arial
memher 9 actuates a switch 10 which in turn is con-
45
cam member 15 rotates about the shaft 14, the diverter
mernher 6 is moved in an up and down direction be-
nected to the solenoids for controlling the actuntion of
tween the bearings 11. The diverter member has a slot
the solenoid N. Upon actation, solenod 8, which is
17 in which a pin 18 which is connected to the housing
connected to arm &h of the diverter member 6, pulls
is inserted. the pin 18 in turn helps guide the movement
the diverter member in a downward direction against
the force of the spring 7. As rotation of the movable
50
of the diverter member 6.
An alterative embodiment of a magnetic motor hav-
magnet 4 and the axial member 9 continues. solennid
ing a plurality of drive units, such as the one shown in
8 is deactnuted and the diverter member 6 in turn is
FIG. 1. in illustrated in FIGS. 7 and 8. Each of the mov.
pulled in an upward direction by the spring 7.
alle magnets, such as magnets 4a and 48, has associ-
The diverter member 6 can be made of any non-
55
ated with it a corresponding gear, such as gears 20a and
ferrous material. "The diverter hars 12n and 12h, which
20h These gears are mounted on the axial members of
are shown inserted within the diverter member 6, how.
corresponding movable magnets, such as axial mem-
ever, are made of a ferrous metal material. The diverter
bers 9e and 9b. The gears of each of the movable mag-
bars 12a and 12h will only divert the magnet fields of
nets are interconnected in a common drive arrange-
the stationary magncis 2 and 3 and will not act as effec-
60 ment, such as shown in FIG. 8 in which eight such drive
tive magnets themselves
units are utilized in forming the magnetic motor. The
The switch 10 is arranged in such a manner such that
axial member from one of the movable magnets is ex-
when the polarity of the movable magnet 4 is aligned
tended so as to form an output shaft 24 to which a load
with the magnetic lines of force of the stationary mag-
can be connected. In the operation of this arrangement,
nets, the solenoid 8 is deactuated so that the spring 65
it is possible to utilize a single diverter member 21 for
causes the movement of the diverter member 6. Due to
all of the drive units, such a diverter member is partially
the momentum of the movable magnict 4, as the di
illustrated in FIG. 9. The diverter member 21 is con-
verter member 6 is moved into in upward position, as
nected between a spring 22 and a solenoid 23, which

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 152, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Patent Apr. 24, 1979
Sheet 1 of 2
4,151,431
64-
X
-68
56
62-
TIG. 9
74
00000C
- TIG 1
66-
46 -
-3
FIG. 2
-64
•60
-52
56
FIG. 4
68 -2
FIG. 10
TIG 3

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1551, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE JOHNSON PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
A conventional electric motor operates by emplóying electromagnets
to act upon one another creating usable power. This is true of all
electric motors - AC or DC.
Similarly permanent magnets can be used to apply motive force
to other ferromagnetic systems and thereby perform work.
In 1979, Howard R. Johnson was granted a patent on a motor that
operates strictly on energy supplied by permanent magnets. This
patent is reproduced in its entirety following this discussion.
The permanent magnet motor patented by Johnson has been sucess-
fully demonstrated for many technical and journalistic experts. These
experiments have confirmed the feasibility ob the Johnson Permanent
Magnet Motor under laboratory conditions.
Previous attempts to develop a true "permanent magnet motor"
have failed due to the inability of the systems to perform the switch-
ing of magnetic polarity which a conventional motor requires. In
effect, Johnson has accomplished this switching by concentrating the
flux and employing the proper materials and geometry.
The Spring, 1980 issue of "Science and Mechanics" magazine
featured a report on the Johnson motor. As of that writing, Ạa 5000
watt permanent magnet powered generator was already on the way and
Johnson had firm licensing committments with at least four companies."
Johnson's working model has been demonstrated on many occasions.
"There is a noticeable pulsating action in the simple prototype unit.
This can be smoothed by simply using two or more staggered armature
magnetsiẠỊ

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 14, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTED AU 1 2 975

3,899,703
SHEET 3
L1G.7
2a Vil 20a

S

|

SILISAL A,

LUTTE TOT

Tb-

VLLLLLL LLL,

i
TED TANY ili

LLELLL

S
o
