{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-21T14:47:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 37, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9678826, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125243-cejka-weather-control.pdf", "source_sha256": "f5a950502c9e7c13098becb3767e63ab9cbf6172ca6b157cd2e67e62aa930023"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2952, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Heather Control?
Beginning in late November of 1977, the Soviets began to transmit a large
standing wave that ran fron the coast of southern Alaska down to Southern
California.
In December and January, the standing wave phenomenon was ex-
tended to the rest of the Pacific coastline of North America and also made
an appearance off the coast of Peru and Educador. According to sone Tesla
experts in Canada and the United States, these standing waves created two
important effects. First, the waves tended to alter the "Jet stream" pat-
terns that sweep in off the Pacific and carry with them banks of moister
ladden clouds.
What the standing wave did was quite simple. First, the
electrically charged standing wave attracted the ionized uppar layers of
the "Jet stream" and moved them to a region farther south. This alteration
can be shown in photographs taken by U.S. weather satellites as a jagged
hole in cloud formations off the Pacific coast.
Second, the alteration
of the "Jet stream'allowed the Soviets to set up blocking points down the
West coast of the United States. These abilities of the standing wave per-
mitted the Soviets to direct the rain patterns off the Pacific to places
that they chose. Evidence of this factor may be the massive anounts of
precipitation that hit the Pacific coast during this same period dispite
the fact that during the onslaught of the rains the general drought con-
dition weather pattern remained in effect. Clearly, the end of the drought
was due to a sudden unexplained change in the shift of the "Jet strean" or
a possible man made phenomenon was at work. Finally, the standing wave had
the ability to perminently effect the weather pattern of the Western United
States by creating magnetic anomalies.
the geomagnetic field and act as 'guides' for the "Jet stream". In fact,
many Tesla experts now claim that this phenonenon occurred in late February
of 1978.
Thus, the Soviets may have succeeded beyond their wildest dreans in using the
Tesla "nagnifying transmitter" to control world weather patterns. Strangely,
ever, the foin of
this same type of pattern seems to have also occurred in Central Europe; how-
ever, the joining of the magnetic anomoly to the earth's magnetic field has not
yet occurred.
If the technical evidence can be found to prove these alligations
then Tesla belief that his system could control weather by noving massive
weather fronts around as easily as a parking lot attendant moves parked cars
will be soundly proven.
In addition, the concept of Tesla that the vertical-
ly polarized standing wave could easily be transmitted through the Earth would
also be proven. Up to now, many expert in the electrical profession have
scoffed at the claims that Tesla made for his "magnifying system" and vicwed
them as impossible due to the high resistance of the earth and the incredita-
ble amount of electrical energy that it would require.
In fact, the evidence
experiment of 1899.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1820, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Persons Who Have Viewed The ATREE In Action
1) Henry S. Dakin - Director, Wash. St. 16] Carol Marcun, Wife of Robert
Research Ctr. (415)-931-2593
Marcum - (213)-839-1856
2) Sen. C.W. Carter - Retired Canadian
Senator -
17) Dan Haley - Former N.Y. State
Senator - (202)-338-3338
3) Ray G. Miller - Physicist & Partner,
Security Gas & Oil - (415)-781-3438
4) Art Stecle - Scientist
(415) -494-6677
18) Joshua Reynolds - President,
Reynolds Tobacco - (919)-692-4732
5) Don J. Murphy - Partner,
Del Vida, Inc. - (415)-783-5200
6) Don Rasmussen - Partner,
Del Vida, Inc. - (415)-763-5200
7) Loggan Daskin - Partner,
Del Vida, Inc. - (415)-783-5200
8) Philip Stormer - Attorney -
(415)-836-4400
9) Philip Eyerman - Attorney -
(213)-945-2411
10) Robert Ardoin - Chemist &
Inventor - (213)-340-1235
11) Phiroze Nazin - Aerodynamic
Engineer & Inventor - (213)-677-9450
12) Robert C.H. Parker - Business
Representative - (612) -823-6869
13) Marcel Vogel - Senior Scientist,
IBM - (408)-256-3123
14)Andrija Puharich - Direccor,
Nine Labs, Ltd. - (914)-762-0048
15) Robert Marcum - President,
Marcum Metals - (213]-839-1856
19) Col. James Hunter(USAF) - Aide
to Director, USAF Intelligence.
20) Joseph Abruscato, V.P., Columbia
Pictures - (213) -995-1300
21) Stacy Keach - Actor, Writer &
Producer - (213)-278-4141
22) Janes Keach - Actor, Writer 4
Producer - (215)-278-4141
23) Frederich Keller - Business
Representative
24) Charlene Collins - Manager, The
Burbank Studios - (213)-843-60
25) Jeffery Mishlove - Parapsychologist-
(415)-931-2595
26) James Plummer - V.P., Lockheed
Aircraft - (408)-742-4321
27) Mickey Blowitz - Theatrical
Manager - (213)-550-1151
28) Sheldon Nidle - Researcher on
Nikola Tesla - (415)-931-2088
29] Suzanne Mckabby - Psychic -
30) Willian lysocke - Sound Engineer 6
Tosla Researcher - (215)-469-1173

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3231, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AN ALTERNATE POWER GENERATION SOURCE
-GEOMAGNETISM
Just as the Earth is a major source of electrical potent-
ial so is the Geomagnetic Field
To understand these points, let us briefly review the foundations
for electro-magnetic energy propagation. In the early part of the
nineteenth century, a Danish researcher named Oerstad discovered
that electrical fields and magnetic fields flow in a perpendicular
direction from each other. Less than a decade later, Henry and ther
Faraday discovered that an électrical pressure (voltage) can be ob-
tained when a ferric metal is moved through a magnetic field. Later
research on the part of Henry and Faraday disclosed that a rotating
metallic cogeator a rotated magnetic field would produce a similar
effect- an electric current. These principles still serve today as
the basis for the electrical generation of power.
magnetism, on the other hand, has remained a major mystery
and its properties even in the modern world are still largely un-
solved. However, two effects discovered recently by research into
the properties of the electro-magnetio properties of aligned shapes
such as pryamids, etc. (the so-called" pyramid effect" and the ber
havior of the human electro-magnetic field when aligned in the Enthis
Earth's magnetic field point out clues as to the methods for util-
izing these phenonoma tin order cooproduce: añceletric:current.
To accumulate the Geomagnetic field, two principles can be
gleaned from the above research. First the rotating field must be
aligned in a North-South magnetic pole. Ihis enables the disturbance
to excite the Geomagnetic field to the maximum. This perturbation
enables a magnetic field so aligned to accumulate the Geomagneticism
thereon produced. Second, the rotation of the magnetic field that
is excited must be of a relatively high revolution. This action
must be followed due to two principles
now known about magnetisn.
first, it appears that rotation is a vital aspect of the development
of matter and electo magnetic "clusters (see various discussions
and articles on the formation of inter- stellar and inter- galactic
gas clouds as well as theories on stellar and planetary formation).
Finally, we know tha the direction of spin and it intensity some-
how determines the binding and accumulation of the clusters des-
cribed above, To conclude, it appears that it is possible to dis-
cover a method to use Geomagnetism to produce electricity and to do
so in as large amount as is required to maintain this civilization
at present or futurerneeds of
This new source of electrical energy has several important
advantages over the systeus presently so employed, First, 1t doe
nor require the use oi lossil luals as the source lor 1t electro-
1n tae conversion reds Honor de Can operatio
where ever it is placed as long as it is properly aligned. For
instance, it can operate in Northern Canada as a source of electri-
cal energy or as an energy auxiliary. Second, can provide energy
for a cheaper cost per kilowatt-hour than conventional systems.
This savings is due to its simplicity of operation and lack of
penditure for fuel (Geonagnetism is "frae energy"). Finally, the
units are relatively inexpensive to construct due to a lack of

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 437, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
large or highly complex moving parts. In effect, the development
of this energy source enables man to develop an energy source that
ends his present dependence on fossil fuels for light and heat and
power. By so doing it becomes an excellant means to be used with
the wireless transmission system to produce an electrical system
that would be the envy of
not only this hemisphere but the entire-
ty of human civilization in general.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2455, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
nust be of the lowest possible resistance and likewise of the
highest possible conductivity. The phenomenon herein produced
determines the nature of the relay and receiver units.
HOSTIE
The nature of the placing of the receiver or relay device
and the equipment utilized depends on the waves previously des-
cribed. As noted earlier, the standing waves reproduces itseli
and hence for maximum effeciency in transmission, it is necessary
to put the relay or receiver at one hali the wave length or 35km
(25 miles). The reasoning behind this design can be seen in the
fact that this is the first point at which the wave has repeated
the energy position that it had when it was first transmitted. To
the case in modern
radio, must be vibrating at the same ratio as is the transmitter.
Thus, Tesla had to solve two problems:
1.) How to maintain power in the receiver unit.
2.) How to enable the receiver to vibrate at the same
frequency ratio as the transmitter.
Tosla solved these problems with the patenting of a power
source for the receiver unit. The receiver was designed to first
begin to operate with a secondary source and once in operation to
switch to the primary source drawn in diagram labelled "POWER
SOURCE FOR RECEIVER UNIT". The unit operated as follows:
1.) the series of drum and brushes (parts 'A','a!, 'a"",
*B', 'B'", 'S", 'S'•) are connected to an electrical circuit that
includes the condenser ('T', 'T'') and the receiver ('R') attached
in parallel.
2.) the movament of the first drum charges the condenser
and times the operation of the receiver to the oscillations of the
transmitter.
3.) the movement of the second drum and brushes (located
near the receiver), in turn, regulates the motion of the first
drum since it carries the drained-oll energy to 1t.
With the unit now oscillating at the proper pitch and able
cal appliance to the device across the gaps oi the receiver. In the
drawing, This devices are labelled 'I' (lights) and
| "I" (motors) for
convenience only. The air ground antennae is repeated again for the
purpose mentioned beforehand.
The relay station (not shown) is employed when it is essential
that the broadcast of power occur over a distance greater than 35 km.
Here both units are reproduced with a condenser unit used to store
the charge and to fire the relay transmitter much in the fashion
of the transmitter of the pover unit (see above),
To conclude, Nikola Tesla around the turn of the century de-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 148, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "clean-vision"}
RECEIViA
ie riwters
у рити Т плАнало
Erraa Te Manteyinc
aloauwal az Sisail
SaNa мона
ZALLE PON0L
AISTHBO- Un4ia
Na ME
a0cr5l
#armiF/IN+
TanisMiTrEk

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 129, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRANSMITEK
IN VENTEI
by feral r. Nestoriren
PETeL Ti MankoLiTSA
DAGRUAL Ar SEGOr
ANTA MANLE
ALLE 2-40
MACHOFINC
TRANSAITTER
1572

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 920, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
S EfEXBAR SS. 7

TT a eel
i =p sae == FF BS
= / 2 = SS
i I '
as ce - is
a Ne
7 |

Sr —
z aaa eee ee go gece mm pt ies Se : ae i Es ee t
1 a ce mm ee 5
NN Ee SE i t
- = mF ee L z a k if
i mrs esses — Ls = ee
F a = 5
i | ee ee ee
= 7 = = I EE SS = ° u a aa aa + F
a ——- : : be i

i i i
‘
Lo RT [UNTER Ta alm _—— i
1 .

iene a — — ig 5 i

1 ri a | eee
am ME mE Bie pe et ce pee ee ees bb = a | i 1 1
" =“ r 4 — — — - =
ee eee pee Pe me E . j
Eee
+ = = VL a i Se em = x a — ee ll i ae =“ ‘ 5 '
Z Fi i —— == memes
0 7 a a a pS ‘
a SS a Le i
H . rn aa EN aa — = es a ie Bees hee een - = -_
mec os oe
a a ee ae en ee ee eee .
= " i . - =——o —_ or = — it
a | Ee A
a ee ee eee — 5 oo os coe =o om " 7 4 I | ote eed fi
——— ee eo  ——
a 7
aa re oo
a Bi i i -_ ; ee ee = EB: @ — anal 5 nt if —
eet o_o om on i ae | ee ee ee B= om t I a
5 a . ‘ - ek om L ' ee — .
— gs gcc
| [
&

oo =
' H
= a =o ee
= mr me bn es ee re ee ee ee ee ee

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 46, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2 7
MI2 Ro
CANE NO-SIDE-MANOS
15101 112кохіт8

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 155, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
) 5 = Ne
PEt
a
rd
EA
é
i
Ps
Pa
a”
{
Cur
ral
fey
ca
jt

ff
ce
i
?

4
eee r
sage ;

in i

i

Ey

rT

Fe

Py

=
“=
C
7
fie :
i r =
ie
| fer
Pi ,

L

Bil a
ae

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 139, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
1-7," Fs
a ee —
, eee Sie =

a. | i

. |

"ah

1
. SS | L=
re = =

Pa ra Pa
- , J
ra ff i ;

a ps —

po Fo

3 Eh Sa

ee ey ee
wpe if = te

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 185, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
nm f — oe Shee M r]
ee ee eee ri
ois ra rites

es eg = et
et ae

13s, ae oe ; L *
Lar

ini eo tps a
a ee SS A

-* a ee i a i eee
“E ee as Faclions ~ Hit Share te
geen alee A Se FB Pl,

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 337, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
-_

i oe wy ch Ate sete

" =
=,

ie
al
i

ee
_—_

=.

—_ =I

— i
= ea) tly ]
o)

ob ae

x,
ho
—. Ff

7

Pe eo ios. |B .

| nel A

ar

aI
in ote

Se

ei
ib Pe

Ye so

4g
re
ol]

Ae
sre 2

i

7 i r= d=

wie

eee ol
ls

Ce.

ee wee
eo . ‘

a
a
te ean
F

Pd eer

heal siete *
het oem ola

moe
al

‘. h a

ie ry a = & | ‘ iat ail |
Jsitvride

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 2148, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Resune
Peter T. Markovich
434A Fifth Avenue
San Francisco,
CA.
TEL: (415)-668-0762
94121
Birthday: December 13, 1937
Single
I. EDUCATION
PH.D. degree in Optical and Magnetic Technology from the University of
Leningrad, Leningrad, U.S.S.R. (1960)
M.S. degree in Optical and Magnetic Technology fron the University of
Leningrad, Leningrad, U.S.S.R. (1958)
B.S. in Medical Science from Dusseldorf University, Dusseldorf, West Germany
( 1964 ]
B.S. in Optical and Magnetic Technology fron the University of Leningrad,
Leningrad, U.S.S.R. ( 1957)
II. JOB HISTORY
INDEPENDENT RESEARCHER at the Washington Street Research Center (San Francisco,
CA. - 1977 to 1978]. Continued to do research on the development of the
Markovich Electric Power Source (MEPS]
PRODUCER for Syntar Productions, INC. (Los Angeles, CA. - 1976-1977) In charge
of the production of a sixty minute special tribute to Nikola Tesla entitled
"Can Nikola Tesla Save Our Planet?"
PRODUCER for Niagara Productions (Los Angeles, CA. - 1975 to 1976) In charge
of preparations for a film on the life and achievements of Nikola Tesla.
DIRECTOR for Stereovision International (Burbank, CA. - 1975) Directed the
feature film production of "Suffer Lady"
SUPERVISOR for Stereovision International (Burbank, CA.- 1974) for a NASA and
Air Force contract to develop a special high speed
wide angle anamorphic lens.
RESEARCHER AND FILM PRODUCER IN U.S.S.R (1964-1973) During this time was en-
gaged in research on optics and magnetism as well as aiding in the co-produc-
tion of several international films such as the Israeli-Soviet feature entit-
led "The Mercenaries" (1972) and the directing of the Soviet classic entitled
"Volga" (1964).
RESEARCHER AT KRUPP LABORATORIES (Stuttgart, West Gernany, 1963 to 1964)
Acted as technician in the optical laboratory and developed a special mag-
netic lens that could see through solid objects.
Device later served as
basis for the present airport security systems throughout world.
PRODUCER AND DIRECTOR with Avala, Dubrava and Jadran Films (Yugoslavia -
1960-1963) Produced and directed eight feature films included the highly
acclaimed "Sasha" (1960).

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 1024, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
RESEARCHER IN OPTICS AND MAGNETICS (U.S.S.R. -1957-1959) Aided in the develop-
ment of tracking equipment for the early sputnick satellites of the U.S.S.R.
and awarded a Ph.D. for his efforts.
I. PUBLICATIONS AND INVENTIONS
Invention of a device to magnetically purify water for NASA (1974).
Invention of a high speed wide angle lens for NASA and the Air Force
(1974)
Invention of a special magnetic lens to see inside of objects for Krupp
Laboratories (1963)
TV. HONORS
Ships Captain License (Yugoslavia, 1966)
Multi-engine Jet Pilot License (Yugoslavia, 1963)
Medical Doctor's certificate (Yugoslavia, 1966)
Karate Black Belt, Fifth Degree ( Yugoslavia, 1965)
V. MEMBERSHIPS
Member, Canadian Board of Trade and Conmerce
Member, Canadian Radio and Television Conmission.
VI. LANGUAGES
English, French, German, Italian, Yugoslavian, various other Slavic Languages,
Russian, Hebrew
VII. Travel
Most of Eastern and Western Europe, Africa, Asia and North America.
VIII REFERENCES
References will be furnished upon request.

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3119, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Weather Control?
Beginning in late November of 1977, the Soviets began to transmit a large
standing wave that ran from the coast of southern Alaska down to Southern
California.
In Decenber and January, the standing wave phenomenon was ex-
tended to the rest of the Pacific coastline of North America and also made
an appearance off the coast of Peru and Educador.
According to some Tesla
experts in Canada and the United States, these standing waves created two
important effects.
First, the waves tended to alter the "Jet strean" pat-
terns that sweep in off the Pacific and carry with them banks of moister
ladden clouds.
What the standing wave did was quite simple. First, the
electrically charged standing wave attracted the ionized upper layers of
the "Jet stream" and moved them to a region farther south.
This alteration
can be shown in photographs taken by U.S. weather satellites as a jagged
hole in cloud formations off the Pacific coast.
Second, the alteration
of the "Jet stream"allowed the Soviets to set up blocking points down the
West coast of the United States. These abilities of the standing wave per-
mitted the Soviets to direct the rain patterns off the Pacific to places
that they chose.
Evidence of this factor may he the massive amounts of
precipitation that hit the Pacific coast during this sane period dispite
the fact that during the onslaught of the rains the general drought con-
dition weather pattern zemained in effect. Clearly, the end of the drought
was due to a sudden unexplained change in the shift of the "Jet stream" or
a possible man made phenomenon was at work.
Finally, the standing wave had
the ability to perminently effect the weather pattern of the Western United
States by creating magnetic anomalies.
These anomalities would merge with
the geomagnetic field and act as 'guides' for the "Jet stream'. In fact,
many Tesla experts now claim that this phenomenon occurred in late February
of 1978.
Thus, the Soviets may have succeeded beyond their wildest dreans in using the
Tesla "'magnifying transmicter" to control world weather paccerns.
Strangely,
this same type of pattern seems to have also occurred in Central Europe: how-
ever, the joining of the nagnetic anomoly to the carth's magnetic field has not
yet occurred.
If the technical evidence can be found to prove these alligations
then Tesla belief that his system could control weather by moving massive
weather fronts around as easily as a parking lot attendant moves parked cars
will be soundly proven.
In addition, the concept of Tesla that the vertical-
ly polarized standing wave could easily be transmitted through the Earth would
also be proven. Up to now, many expert in the electrical profession have
scoffed at the clains that Tesla made for his "magnifying system" and viewed
them as impossible due to the high resistance of the earth and the incredita-
ble amount of electrical energy that it would require.
In fact, the evidence
fron the Soviet weather control experiment may finally be the data that is
needed to prove the validity of Teslats theories and the Colorado Springs
experiment of 1899.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1411, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3101 WASHINGTON STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94115
March 17, 1978
Major Contributors to Tesla Technology Center:
Mr. Art Steele
Mr. Don J. Murphy
Mr. Emmanuel Rapoport
Mr. Ray Miller
Mr. Darren Stevenson
Mr. Henry Dakin
Mr. Sheldon Nidle
Mr. Andrew Mikrowski
Mr. Del Anaquod
Gentlemen:
Enclosed is a brochure from the Tesla Technology Center on research that we
are presently engaged in. Of vital interest is The Apparatus To Rectify
"Ether" Energy (ATREE) that was developed by Peter Markovich. Included with
the brochure is a series of photographs that depict the various experiments
that have been carried on by some very noted scientists in the fields of e-
lectronics and paraphysics.
Ne hope that you find this packet to be of interest. In addition, you will
of books and reprinted articles that refer to the geni-
us of Nikola Tesla that can be obtained by writing The Weathervane Foundation,
P.O. Box 1699, San Francisco, CA 94101. If you wish, the Weathervane Founda-
tion will be glad to send you a research report on the progress of the Tesla
Technology Center in developing the ATREE. These reports would be made avail-
The Center or its director, Peter Markovich, can be
reached at the above address or by phoning (415)-931-2593.
Thank you again for your continuing interest and cooperation with us in this
important endeavor.
Sincerely yours,
Peter Markovich
Director,
Tesla Technology Center
Sn: PTM

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3118, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Weather Control?
Beginning in late November of 1977, the Soviets began to transmit a large
standing wave that ran from the coast of southern Alaska down to Southern
California.
In Decenber and January, the standing wave phenomenon was ex-
tended to the rest of the Pacific coastline of North America and also made
an appearance off the coast of Peru and Educador. According to some Tesla
experts in Canada and the United States, these standing waves created two
important effects.
First, the waves tended to alter the "Jet stream" pat-
terns that sweep in off the Pacific and carry with them banks of moister
ladden clouds.
What the standing wave did was quite simple.
First, the
electrically charged standing wave attracted the ionized upper layers of
the "Jet stream" and moved them to a region farther south. This alteration
can be shown in photographs taken by U.S. weather satellites as a jagged
hole in cloud formations off the Pacific coast.
Second, the alteration
of the "Jet stream"allowed the Soviets to set up blocking points down the
West coast of the United States.
These abilities of the standing wave per-
mitted the Soviets to direct the rain patterns off the Pacific to places
that they chose. Evidence of this factor may be the massive amounts of
precipitation that hit the Pacific coast during this sane period dispite
the fact that during the onslaught of the rains the general drought con-
dition weather pattern remained in effect. Clearly, the end of the drought
was due to a sudden unexplained change in the shift of the "Jet strean" or
a possible man made phenomenon was at work. Finally, the standing wave had
the ability to perminently effect the weather pattern of the Western United
States by creating magnetic anomalies.
These anomalities would merge with
the geomagnetie field and act as 'guides' for the "Jet strean". In fact,
many Tesla experts now claim that this phenomenon occurred in late February
of 1978-
Thus, the Soviets may have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams in using the
Tesla "magnifying transmitter" to control world weather patterns. Strangely,
this same type of pattern seems to have also occurred in Central Europe: how-
ever, the joining of the magnetic anonoly to the earth's megnetic field has not
yet occurred. If the technical evidence can be found to prove these alligations
then Tesla belief that his system could control weather by moving massive
weather fronts around as easily as a parking lot attendant moves parked cars
will be soundly proven. In addition, the concept of Tesla that the vertical-
ly polarized standing wave could easily be transmitted through the Earth would
also be proven.
Up to now, many expert in the electrical profession have
scofted at the
claims that Tesla made for his "nagnifying system" and viewed
them as impossible due to the high resistance of the earth and the incredita-
ble anount of electrical energy that it would require.
In fact, the evidence
from the Soviet weather control experiment may finally be the data that is
needed to prove the validity of Tesla's theories and the Colorado Springs
experiment of 1899.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 659, "chars": 3953, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
flashes
in
every colored
Dame of Muminated sigru.
The new Teals school, a Chicago monument to the electrical wizard, will open
Wednesday at 6657 S. Kimbark.
A Monument to Man
They Called Crazy
Honor Memory
his yearly
announce!
ments--and his forecasts of
wonders to come.
Of Nikola Tesla
In 1925, to the vast amuse-
ment of the press, he had
BE RICHARD ATCHESON
predicted the coming of tale-
vision. when
"we shall be
Chicago is about
able to witness the inaugura-
to dedicate its first
tion of & President or the
playing of a World Series
monument to Nikola
baseball
game,
just
Tesla, American
though we were there."
electrical
inventor,
physi-
People hooted. The news
cist witty hermit and pi-
papers called Tesla "the slen-
geon fancier.
der wizard"
Tesla lived In seclusion
They described him as a
most of his life but he liked
dreamer, who imagined that
to receive the incredulous
"people will be able to see
press on ench birthday, and
distant events like the soc-
had the hablt of announcing
ceress of the magie crystal
a new invention every Jan.
of fairy tales and legends,
8, over coffee and cake.
But the brilliant eccentrie
was talking faels, not fairy
IN 1937, as in every other
tales. He called them "certi
his iatest idea preposterous.
Angrily, the aging invent-
or turned on the grinning
Journalists.
"They laughed
in 1896, too. when I told
them about the cosmic ray.*
sald the old man, reproach-
"They Jeered 35 years ago
when I discovered the rotat-
ing held principle of alter-
nating eurrents.
"They called
me crazy
when I predicted the radio.
And when I sent the first
impulse around the world
they
said it coulda't be
done."
...
TESLA WAS no braggart,
ha he was bored
with the
Corn which regularis greet.
NIKOLA TESLA
"They anid it coulda't
be done.
He was seldom believed, "
though by the 1930s he nad.
some 700 inventions to his
credit, Including the electric
motor, the radio (in which
he preceded Marconi, and
the are light fin which he
preceded Edison).
• *
THE SCOFFERS laughed
loudiy ac cach prediction. In
1935 the Daily News teok
them to task for sneering at
Tesla.
"The
man's
genius
per
vades every power line," the
News rhapsodized. "It sings
In the hum of every genera-
tor and whines and clicks in
every transformer.
"It glows in every light, it
CHICAGO could well de.
fend Tesla, for the Windy
City owed him an eternal
debt of gratitude
It was Tesla who helped
make Chicago's great Co
Jumbian Expesition of 1895
the wonder of the globe
It was the first world's
fair where new-fangled elee-
tricity could be used exten
sively.
Tesla's polyphase system
was utilized to light up the
fair. enchanting
viewers
from a score of countries.
And Tesla himself had a
personal exhibit at the fair,
to show the open-mouthed
publie the wonders he bad
invented.
BUT AS the fair faded
1rom memory,
,many found
only humor in the figure of
the pale, thin old man, a -
fastidious vegetarian who
kept ailing pigeons nested in
a drawer of his roll-top desk:
an old man who emerged
from his 'solitude once a
year to make fantastic fore
casts.
This wan the man who la
1832 left his native Austrina
Croatla to pursue his experi-
ments in the more adven-
turous climate of the United
States.
This was the man who
worked with Edison design-
ing motors and generators
and who realized a childhood
dream when he saw his own
turbines in action at Niagars
New forms of dynamos,
transformers, Induction coils,
condensers, and other elec.
dreamer, conces often
complained that he couldn't
stem the flow of ideas long
to gec sufficient
SOME OF the marvels he
promised were conspicuous
tallures. Though he rejected
any
possibility
of
space
travel as "unrealizable." he
persistently maintained that
societies of varying matur-
ity existed on the planets,
and he intended to communi-
cate with them.
As the Dally News edito-
riallzed
at the
time of his
death, "the boldness of his
successes oniy throws into
higher relief the magnitude
of his failures."

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 531, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30" HV TERMINAL
12' APPROX.
0 c
SECoNDAR'
GROUNDINI
TERMINAL
COAX TRANSMISSON LINE
RACK CONTAINS
OUTPUT OF RACK
ALL POWER SUPPLY
COAX CABLES CONNECTS
COMPONTS, INCLUDING DIRECTLY TO HF RESONATOR
LV AND HF - HV FILTERS.
APPROX. WEIGHT 800 LBS.
POWER REQUIREMENTS
240 VAC I PHASE 100 AMP AVERAGE.
RACK IS SUPPORTED ON H.D. CASTORS.
POWER CONTROLS FEATURE FULL SAFTY LOCK-DUT.
ALL INTERCONNET CABLES ARE THRU MIL-SPEC
CONNECTORS ON BACK PANEL.
H F RESONATOR
APPROX. WEIGHT 200 LBS.
APPROX. DISCHARGE LENGTH
MAX. 12-15 FEET - 4 MEGAVO

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 77, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
rexresearch.com

Peter MARKOVICH
Apparatus To Rectify Ether Energy ( ATREE )

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 645, "chars": 4139, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
General Report # 1
Tesla Technology
Washington Research Center (San Francisco, CA)
In 1899, Nikola Tesla discovered the principle that now serves as the basis for the receiver unit that was first tested by peter Markovich in August of
1977. At this point, let us briefly review what was discovered by Dr. Tesla in July of 1899. If we look at US Patent # 725,605 entitled "System of
Signaling", we will find diagrams that described the Tesla system. This system was based on what Dr. Tesla called a wave phenomenon that was not
electromagnetic in nature. This wave was able to produce useable electrical energy that was taken from the Earth's atmosphere. This wave as
described by Tesla and partially proven by Markovich had a number of unique characteristics. First, the wave train was stationary with a length of
about 185,000 miles and a width of about 200 miles. Secondly, it had a frequency of 925 cycles per second. Finally, the wave's speed was equal to
or greater than the speed of light.
To understand the instrument and how it is able to generate electrical power, we must divide the unit into three components. These parts are the
windings or coils (a primary and secondary units), their shape, and the height and diameter of the capacitor electrode (electron pool). Included in the
design of the receiver is the type and composition of the materials used in its construction. To understand the theory behind the device, one must
remember that the Earth and its Atmosphere are electromagnetically charged. Further, an instrument that is properly "grounded into this system can
be used to receive and transmit useable energy - a point discovered and noted by Tesla on July 17, 1899 at his Colorado Springs Laboratory.
The Markovich device incorporates the basic principle discovered at Colorado Springs by Dr. Tesla -- namely, that the Earth is a giant condenser The
Earth's surface can be seen as one plate and the ionosphere as the other plate through which an electric-like charge is constantly flowing. At present,
the Markovich unit can be rated at 2.5 volts and 0.5 (or 0.025) amps. This rating yields approximately 1.25 (or 0.06) watts of power. If the presently
loose connections were properly cleaned and soldered, the unit could produce an increased efficiency of about 18% or 1.48 (or 0.07) watts.
Moreover, if the system were properly "grounded" by connecting it to another unit of oppositely wound coils, the efficiency could be increased from
30 to 60% or 1.63 (or 0.08) to 2.19 (or 0.10) watts. This rating can also be vastly increased by altering the composition of the materials used to make
the device. Here Markovich has confirmed the importance of using materials (metals) of high electrical conductivity such as copper, silver, gold, etc.
the ideal material is a metal alloy of copper and silver. This material was employed by Tesla in the transmitter built at Wardenclyffe (Shoreham, Long
Island (NY) in the early 1900s.
Thus the immediate goals of the research program on the rediscovered Tesla power system is basically five-fold in nature. First, the wave
phenomenon has to be correctly measured and its exact nature discovered. Second, the exact relationship between the energy utilized by the machine
and the better known certain types of materials that act as more efficient conductors of this energy must be fully ascertained. Fourth, the effect of the
use of this system on the various organisms that inhabit this planet must be discovered. Finally, the possible interface to the so-called "psychic
energy" and any possible relationships must be fully researched
By adequately learning the nature of the energy that is produced by the Tesla-Markovich energy unit, a general theory of the nature of
electromagnetism and energies closely related to them may be possible. In so doing, one may be able to advance the "state of the art" of Man's
technology. Moreover, in the long run, the new discoveries may not only solve the energy crisis, but also the "technology crisis" that presently
distorts the potential of contemporary civilization.
Presented by: Dr. Peter Markovich
Witnessed by: [10 persons]

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 1106, "chars": 6824, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disclosure Document
1, Peter T. Markovich, citizen of Canada, propose to explain the basis for what shall hereafter be known as the "Apparatus to Rectify Ether Energy"
(ATREE)
I. Preface -
Humanity has long been aware of a unique form of energy that appears to be related to the electromagnetic technologies of modern civilization.
These energies have been referred to in all ancient civilizations under a number of different names such as chi, prana, mana, etc. In modern times,
science has adopted new names for it. These terms, whterher "odic force"
", "orgone energy" or "bioplasmic effect" are no more than new terms for
these ancient energies. In fact, research by modern physics indicates that this energy is related in part to the classic concept of the "ether" - an energy
that would be composed of all known and unknown forms of energy (those energies that occupy the electromagnetic spectrum and allied types).
Indeed, it now seems that the new physics as created in the early part of this century has not completely disproven the existence of an "ether" that
would "flow" throughout the universe, but has just established the need to determine whether the "ether" fits into a new general theory on the
relationships between energy and matter. In this regard, the discovery of an instrument that could convert the "ether" into a more familiar energy form
(e.g., electricity) would be a boon to the formulation of any new theory on the relationships of presently known energies to the "ether".
In the spring of 1977, Peter Markovich was able to convert this energy into direct current (DC) electricity by the use of a specially constructed
apparatus. Here, an important point must be made, that the instrument in question is not a perpetual motion machine, but simply a machine that is able
by the use of a unique induction process to convert an energy of extremely high frequency (teracycles) to one of practically no cycles (DC
electricity). Following a series of modifications, the apparatus was able by the fall of 1977 to have raised its voltage from 2.5 volts DC to 36 volts
DC and its amperage to 0.7 amps from an initial 0.025 amps. Further developments in the machine's technology had allowed Markovich to progress
to instruments in the early part of 1978 that produced wattages in the vicinity of 0.5 kilowatts of DC electricity.
II. Apparatus To Rectify Ether Energy -
The Apparatus To Rectify Ether Energy (ATREE) is a machine that is able to transform the energy of the ether into direct current (DC) electricity. In
order to accomplish this feat, the instrument takes into account the nature of'ether. As many scientists now know, the ether consists of a
"compressible fluid" that has a density of 10'27 to 1094 wattseconds per cubic centimeter. This high energy density permits a cubic centimeter of
ether to be able to provide for the energy needs of a small city. In addition, many scientists have also speculated that the ether may be conducted as a
tensor field (motion by compression of the wave) and therefore is a stationary wave. These stationary waves would be able to penetrate and pass
through almost all the heavenly bodies known to inhabit the universe. As is the case with radio waves, a particular antenna design would be
necessary to efficiently collect and rectify this energy. Since its wavelength is 1032 centimeters and motion of the wave train is quite similar to that of
stationary waves, a specially designed hollow ball construction of a highly conductive metal seems most appropriate for this task. In addition, the
induction unit could take advantage of the modified "L" (electric) and "H" (magnetic) fields produced by the ether energy to induct a useful electric
current.
To convert this energy into electricity, it is essential that a component be provided that can collect and begin the rectification of the ether energy
found near the surface of the planet. This part must be able to receive, store and conduct the ether energy to the component of the ATREE that
actually rectified the ether into DC electricity. Due to its almost corkscrew motion as well as its high frequency and near electrical properties, ether
energy can be collected by a hollow ball whose diameter is approximately one-sixth that of the height of the rectification component. Moreover, the
ball should be composed of a very thin (26 gauge or less) metal of high electrical conductivity, such as gold, silver or copper. In our case, a hollow
ball composed of copper was employed. In operation, the ether will first collect around the outside of the ball and then easily penetrate the outer
surface of the ball and collect in the form of a moving swirl on the inside surface of the ball. To get this pulsating energy to the unit that actually does
the rectification, it is necessary to take advantage of the near electrical properties of the ether. At this time, a specially built copper core must be
employed. The core of the converter is a copper rod that has the upper 5% of its length inserted inside the copper collection ball. The top part of this
element is needle shaped to permit the swirling ether energy to jump the gap to the tip of the copper core, much in the manner of an electrical spark
completing a return to ground through a pointed electrode. This core is tightly wound with 26-gauge copper wire from a point directly beneath the
ball down to the opposite end of the copper rod. Also, an outer coil built from insulated #14 household wire is used in the converter. This second coil
is attached on one end to the outside of the collection ball and on its opposite end to the working electrical circuit.
The conversion of energy resembles in many ways the electromagnetic induction principle discovered in the 19th century. As noted previously, ether
possesses two quasi-electromagnetic vectors. The first of these is the quasi-electric one that seems to carry a charge and to flow like electricity
through wires. The second vector is a quasi-magnetism that differs only in the fact that the lines of flux are bent in an inward direction instead of the
more well-known outward bend of magnetic flux. To induce electricity, the converter employs an unusual phenomenon related to these vectors. In
the case of ether, the swirling energy flows into the rod and also into the tightly wound inner coil; however, the difference in rate and distance
traveled allows the rod's energy to reach the bottom of this component way before that which goes by way of the inner coil. In doing so, the vectors
cross and induce an electrical potential in the wires of the inner coil. To amplify this voltage, the outer coil must be wound counter to the winding of
the inner coil. Here, the return circuit through this coil acts in the same manner as the secondary induction coil in a transformer.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 517, "chars": 3178, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To summarize the process mentioned above, let us quickly review the entire conversion process. First, the ether jumps to the tip of the converter's
core and is conducted toward the opposite end of the rod that is connected to the electrical circuit. Simultaneously, the ether flows through the tightly
wound inner coil to the opposite end of the rod. The difference in rate and distance allows the coil and the copper rod to induce an electrical potential
that is greater at the bottom of the rod than at its top. Finally, the outer coil wound counter to the inner one acts as an amplifier of the electrical
potential and current since its fields (the electrical circuit return to the ball) have the property to amplify the quasi-electricity produced by the
induction process in the copper rod and the inner coil. In this fashion, the ATREE is able to convert ether energy into useable DC electricity.
To conclude, we have seen how a specially constructed instrument as first conceived and developed by Peter Markovich in the spring of 1977 has
been able to conduct and convert ether into DC electricity. As future developments continue, it holds the promise of giving humanity a possible
alternative to fossil and nuclear generation of electrical energy.
Presented by: Peter Markovich
October 1, 1977
Witnessed by: [[8 persons]
General Report
Tesla Technology
Washington Research Center (San Francisco, CA)
On February 8, 1978, a test of the Markovich Electric Power Source (MEPS) was conducted at the home of its inventor, Peter Markovich. Also in
attendance for this demonstration was Don Murphy, Art Steele, and Sheldon Nidle. A series of tests were run in order to determine the current rating
and closed and open circuit voltages of the MEPS. The first test was to hook the voltmeter in series with the device and then to add a number of
resistors to determine the closed circuit voltage of the instrument. Following these tests, the MEPS was to be tested by having it light a 60-watt bulb.
Current was to be determined by having the voltmeter connected in parallel to the MEPS and an ammeter connected in series to the electrical circuit
of the MEPS. The results are as follows:
Open Circuit 180 Volts DC 3.0 Amps
60 Watt Bulb 150 VDC 2.5 A
10 M-ohm Resistor 150 VDC 0.000015 A
Shunt Motor 150 VDC -----
The results of the tests were quite impressive. The motor was run at a very high speed while the bulb was able to shine very brightly; however, the
actual lumens given off was not measured. In addition to the DC current, an AC component was also measured. This phenomenon may be due to the
nature of the meter employed as well as to the pulsing nature of the DC electricity that comes from the instrument. The low current that was
measured when the 10 megaohm resistor was shorting the MEPS was to be expected since such a high resistance did not lower the amount of
voltage measured in the instrument. These tests indicate the fact that the unit is extremely more potent a power source than a battery since the
instrument returned to its maximum measurements instantly after being disconnected and being drained for 5 to 10 minute periods.
Witnessed by: [5 persons]

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4953, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Letter to W. M. Hill
(Canadian Patents & Development Ltd, Ottawa, Canada)
August 31, 1978
Dear Sirs:
As requested during our meeting, I am enclosing a general outline of ongoing research at Markovich Technology Institute in
regards to the Markovich Tesla Electrical Power Source, referred to as MTEPS. One of our basic research units was
demonstrated at the US Dept. of energy on April 25, 1978.
I have developed my "Magnifying transmitter" based upon the initial research and the basic principle discovered at Colorado
Springs, CO by Dr. Nikola tesla. As you are aware, Dr. Tesla received over 2,000 US Patents, developed the basic poly-phase
electrical systems used by Westinghouse and Edison, and produced many other basic electrical devices still sued today. That
particular research is based upon my improvements on US patent # 725,605 entitled "System of Signalling" by Nikola tesla.
I was first able to prove the Tesla Theory to my satisfaction while aiding in the development of the tracking equipment for the
carly Sputnik satellites launched by the USSR during 1956. Since this period, I have been able to satisfactorily prove a number of'
Tesla Theories including an electromagnetic scope and a basic theory to separate hydrogen and oxygen from seawater into
conventional fuel.
The Tesla Colorado Experiments and Tesla Theory as well as my own research seem to indicate the possible utilization of cosmic
energy rather than fossil fuels, nuclear, etc., in the production of either AC or DC electrical power.
MTEPS is a system based upon a stationary wave phenomenon described by Nikola Tesla that is not electromagnetic in nature.
This wave as described by Tesla and partially proven by me has many unique characteristics. First, the wave train is stationary
with a length of approximately 125,000 miles and a width of approximately 200 miles. Secondly, it has a frequency of 925 cycles
per second. Finally, the wave's speed is equal to or greater than the speed of light at 185,000 miles per second.
Testing and new developments have been in progress for over one year with the following results:
Sept. 28, 1977 ~ Faraday Cage Experiment determined power rating and electrical potential at voltage of 2.5 V exactly;
amperage at level of 0.5 A; wattage under ideal conditions at 1.25 W. resulting power source was attached to a series of loads
which included a small incandescent light bulb used for flashlights and a 10 ohm resistor. Light remained bright and steady
indicating device applicable for common electrical usage.
Nov. 15-16, 1977 ~ Continuation of research with modifications on MTEPS. Results included: Voltage increase from 2.5 V to 25
V; Amperage increased from 0.5 A to 0.6 A with a total increase of approximately 10x in potential and 20x in power. Note: It
appears that some form of new energy is being induced to produce a useable DC electrical current.
Nov. 20, 1977 ~ Experiment by Marcel Vogel, Senior Scientist for IBM Research Center, San Jose, CA. Results included: Open
circuit voltage of 36 volts; open circuit current of 0.8 amps. When a load of 1,000 ohms was added in a closed circuit, the
potential dropped to 20 volts and the closed circuit current remained at 0.8 Amps. When the load was disconnected, the voltage
rapidly returned to 36 volts in less than one minute (20 seconds). The oscilloscope verified the steady DC voltage emitted from
the MTEPS Unit.
Feb. 8, 1978 ~ Continuation of witnessed experiment. Open circuit resulted in 180 V; current at 3.0 Amps, which lighted a 60
watt bulb. Both an AC and DC current component was measured.
These tests indicate that the MTEPS Unit is extremely potent as a power source.
May & July, 1978 ~ The current working model of the MTEPS Research is producing 360 volts; current at 14 amps; producing
AC and DC electrical power capable of running a 5 hp motor to light 6 household light bulbs. This was successfully
demonstrated at the US Dept. of Energy.
Based upon these successful experiments in a very short period, I expect that with proper funding, Markovich Technology
Institute could produce a vastly improved, high performance MTEPS Unit demonstrating an entirely new energy technology.
The energy ramifications are quite evident. The applications of the MTEPS are unlimited. However, initial consideration should
be given to the original Tesla concept of a new type of communications system that would be virtually an unjammable
communications method and very effective beyond out solar system.
Additional areas for exploration include:
(1) Deep space magnetic propulsion vehicles;
(2) Heat ray satellites in geostationary orbits to be used for altering climate and weather;
(3) Multi-facility home and recreational energy systems;
(4) Applications relating to wireless electrical power system;
(S) Transmissions from point to point on carth as discovered by Tesla, improved by me.
Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Dr. Peter T. Markovich

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4437, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
General Report
Tesla Technology
Washington Research Center (San Francisco, CA)
(Nov. 15-16, 1977)
Since our last series of tests a series of modifications of the Tesla-Markovich Power Source have been completed. Among these
changes were the following:
(1) Alteration of the capacitor ball by substitution of a larger copper unit and the addition of a needle-shaped mast core that was
entwined with 30-gauge copper wire (bare). Also, a series of copper wire prongs attached to the top of the unit with these prongs
put through the top of the unit and attached to the inside of the ball.
(2) Alteration of the mast unit by substitution of a much larger unit (OD of 3/4") and the intertwining of the new copper core with
30-gauge wire. In addition, the use of #14 insulated electrical wire wound to the ID of the new brass mast with a winding of #14
bare electrical wire interwound with the insulated #14 wire.
(3) Addition of a solid connection between the secondary and the primary coils by the use of aluminum tape.
(4) Addition of two new coils. One that goes from the mast to the primary tube and one that goes from the mast core to the
secondary-primary connection.
When testing was finally begun, a number of unusual phenomena were discovered. Among these were the following:
(1) Voltage was increased in the unit from 2.5 V to 25 V while amperage was increased from0.5 A to 0.6 A --- a total increase of
approximately 10x in potential and 20x in power.
(2) The circuit was found to produce current when a number of different connection were attempted --- c.g., mast to ground, ball
to secondary, etc. The device only failed to produce current when some connections involving the primary were attempted.
(3) It appears that some form of new energy is being induced to produce a useable DC electrical current.
At the present time, we are in the process of adding more windings to the capacitor unit and the mast. Hopefully, this action will
boost the electrical potential to 36 volts.
General Report
Tesla Technology
Washington Research Center (San Francisco, CA)
(November 2, 1977)
After the capacitor ball was altered by covering it with aluminum tape and the insertion of several prongs at various angles to the
needle-shaped core of the mast inside the ball, the unit (M-la) was taken to the home of Marcel Vogel in San Jose, CA. Here, it
was set up with two high impedance voltmeters and an oscilloscope to measure any possible effects. In addition, a series of
experiments which involved the use of Mr. Vogel's psychic ability to increase and decrease the voltage of the MTEPS were
attempted. The results of the experiments were as follows:
(1) The readings of the units were increased as initially predicted: an open voltage of 36 volts and an open circuit current of 0.8
amps.
(2) When a load of 1,000 ohms was added in a closed circuit the potential dropped to 20 volts and the closed circuit current
remained at 0.8 amps. When the load was disconnected the voltage rapidly returned to 36 volts in less than one minute (20
seconds).
(3) Marcel Vogel appeared to be able to increase and decrease voltage by about 3 volts. Mr. Vogel reported that the use of a clear
quartz crystal left a feeling of coolness in his feet while the use of an amethyst crystal produced a feeling of warmth.
(4) The use of an oscilloscope again verified the steady DC voltage emitted by the unit. However, any attempt at looking for
electrostatic fields has to be discounted since the research did not take place in a Faraday cage and the testing equipment was tied
to extension cords feeding off standard AC house current.
These tests again proved the ability of the unit to perform as a battery and/or timed capacitor in the DC circuits employed. It also
pointed out even more clearly the fact that the unit may be drawing off "life" or "cosmic" energies and acting as a transducer to
turn them into useable DC electrical energy. Our next experiments will involve the use of a large Tesla air induction coil
interphased with the MTEPS in order to test the wireless power transmission theories of Dr. Tesla as well as the upgrading of the
unit to larger wattages so that the unit can be tested as a main and/or auxiliary power source. In so doing, we feel that it will be
possible to eventually use the device as an AC power source.
Respectfully submitted,
Peter T. Markovich
(11-20-1977)
Witnessed by: Sheldon Nidle, Daniel Haley, & Marcel Vogel

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 330, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Peter T. Markovich & ATREE ~

Fic. 4 SPIRALLING NATYRE oF
PARAMAGHETIC wave
SeEeTWwhen.) PLANETS

FIG, & = CIRCUIT DIAGRAM,
oF ATR EE

CAPACITOR
< ace

a iLWweR 6 c
——? -& AGVETANCE Rot
b a——— PRIMARY COL

é— STCONBARY COIL

ELectaitAL ©
Lom & d
: Od 22°77
V:2.6V
L Ae Oo.5 A
fL« 4.é

GROUNDING PLATE
4— GROUMBING Cos Coptionar )

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 331, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIC
3
C REU T
DIAGRAM
OF
ATREE
A
6
C
F
PRIMARY COM
SECONDARY COL
MAST CO L 4C RE
CAPACITOR BALL
E GROUNDING BASE PLATE
GR UNDING OILS
G ELECTRICAL LOAD
* F
F1G 4
CIRCUIT DIAGRAMI
OF ATREE
+ PT
SC→
FIG S.
ATREE
LOAD Anu PRIMY
> SECONDARY
CoIL
GROUND
ELECTRODE
BALL
ENERGY IN EARTH - ATMOSPHERE
WAV €
MAS ENERGY OUT (DC ELECTRICITY)

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 255, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EGG

| B-MASTOS Ss
1 G-PARMARY Cc
| D-PRIMARY Ti
EB SECnyCARY

UTTER

Fle

.
FL "tee a

i

'
i

7 eri
"heen ence oh parle Sy PR AOR tE eRe pat ate

-15- ereyte
wre rte oy

MARR (TPR

HORE reg FACE: TE TESLA TECHN

OLOGY
alae ret d wea | Feat ever te oaTe

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 202, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG
8
ATREE
+ BALL
MAST
SALVER
SoLDeR,
- SECONDARY
MAST - WIRE
SILVER
SoL bec
-SECONDARY
COIL
PRIMARY COIL
FIG 9
DIAGRAM & WINDING
OF COILS
- SILVER CORE
- RUBB EC
INSULATOR
WIRE
F G. 10
ATREE
+ E
-ScE

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3343, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG 11
ATREE
Space Energy Receiver
by
Unknown Author
The device in question is one of a number of energy transducers that converts extremely high frequency energy to a form
comparable to alternating or direct current electricity. The process involves in all cases, the utilizing of the instrument as a
specially designed resonating cavity. This cavity can be composed of either a number of crystals, a series of coils, or a
combination of the above. To understand how the unit operates, it is first necessary to briefly describe the nature of this energy
source.
Research and experimentation have established that this energy is one that pervades the known universe and is constantly flowing
through the Earth itself. It has been found to be quite dense, with enough power to light an American city of around 50,000
persons for a year. Because of its origins and immense power potential, this energy has been called "vacuum," "cosmic,"
"radiant," or "zero-point" energy. Dr. Nikola Tesla, the discoverer of the electric age, may have used this energy to create his
most fantastic invention-the "Magnifying Transmitter."
At the beginning of this century, Tesla was able to send electrical energy through the earth without the use of wires. In a test
transmission, he sent electricity to a receiver located twenty six miles away where a bank of 200 fifty watt light bulbs lit for as
long as the transmitter operated. This demonstration convinced Tesla that he had learned the principles of operating the Earth as a
gigantic resonating cavity. This resonating cavity had the ability to conduct not only electricity, but also radio waves and any
other type of electromagnetic wave. However, the key part was the ability of the transmitter to magnity electromagnetic waves.
Also, the device had the ability to transmit this energy at a frequency comparable to the Schuman cycle (6 to 13 hertz). This fact
indicated that Tesla had stumbled onto a new form of energy directly convertible into electricity. Evidence of this discovery can
be seen in two actions taken by Tesla after the success of the Colorado Springs Experiments. In July 1902, he wrote a letter to
Robert Underwood Johnson in which there was mentioned a discovery of a new unknown energy that could be used to create
"fuel-less motors." At the same time, Tesla was demonstrating these devices to other friends and refusing to apply for U.S.
patents.
Recently researchers have discovered a number of interesting facts about Tesla's energy. First the energy traveled through the
universe as a spiraling stationary wave or corkscrew. Second the energy can be conducted by electrical instruments (wires, etc.)
composed of metals that are also excellent conductors of electricity (gold, silver, copper, etc. Strangely, those conductors that
have no known natural magnetic property such as aluminum can not be used to collect these energies, but only to disperse them.
Finally the energy in its corkscrew fashion carried itself around the outside of a wire and not through it as was the case with
conventional electricity. Hence, it will be necessary to construct motors that are wound slightly differently in order to make the
best use of this energy source. However it will be possible to inter-phase this energy into the modern electrical world and
gradually "phase in" the new system.

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 1244, "chars": 7591, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is one thing to acknowledge the presence of this strange form of energy, but quite another to construct a successful transducer
device. To do so a potential inventor must realize that one should design a device that will have a number of interesting
properties. First the instrument must be constructed of materials that can collect the energy, i.e., conductive metals such as copper,
silver, etc. Second, the unit must be able to gradually step down the energy. This process can be accomplished by a series of
tightly wound coils or else a specially faceted quartz crystal that is connected in series to a number of tightly wound coils. It is the
purpose of the first set of spiral coils or of the crystal to act as the source of control for the "electrical energy" in the circuit. The
crystal or spiral coil receives this "energy" from a "collector" and converter coils that are attached to it. For the system to operate
efficiently, the collector and converter coils must be of a similar shape as the coils that directly surround the crystal or else a
harmonic ratio of the crystal and its coils. By putting the energy through enough turns of wire and constructing a properly faceted
crystal, one is able to drop the energy to a frequency that can be inter-phased with electrical circuitry. Such a device will only
encounter two potential problems. First, there is the great amount of radiant energy that can be given off by an improperly tuned
coil. This problem can be overcome by the use of a proper amount of windings and the substitution of materials that are more
conductive than those used in previous models. Finally, one must overcome the problem of lower amperages in crystal units. This
problem can be solved by the use of a system of specially constructed grounds and the use of smaller crystals in the circuitry
between the crystal control system and the collection and conversion system. In this way, improper balances in the device can be
overcome in the development of this new system.
As we have seen, there exists a number of ways to successfully convert space energy into electrical energy. This largely
unknown energy can be used to perform all the important tasks that can be presently accomplished by electricity. That is, the
energy can be utilized as a communications system, power system, or transportation system.
Space Energy Power System
To convert this energy into electricity, it is essential that a component be provided that can both collect and begin the conversion
of the energy found near the surface of the planet. This part must be able to receive, store, and conduct the energy to the unit that
actually rectifies this energy into de electricity. Due to its corkscrew motion, high frequency and other near electrical properties, it
has been found that this energy can best be collected by a hollow ball whose outside diameter is one sixth of the height of the
rectifying unit. Furthermore, this ball should be constructed of a fairly thin conductive metal (#11 gauge sheet metal or less) In
our case we chose a ball made of copper (Figure 2) In operation, the energy will first collect around the outside of the ball. This
energy will then enter the inside of the ball and collect on the inner surface in a fashion similar to an electrostatic charge. Hence,
the ball has received the energy and due to its conductivity and shape stored the energy as a "charge" on its inner plate. To get
this energy to the rectifier, it is essential to devise a means to send the collected swirl of energy to the induction rod. This act is
accomplished by employing an electrical property of "space energy." The top 5% of the copper rod is formed into a needle
shaped tip that permits the energy's "charge" to flow down it like a standard electrostatic charge would by "jumping the gap" to
an electrode (tip) in order to complete the fastest possible return to ground. Wound around the "induction rod" is #26 AWG
seven stranded hook up wire, the wire is loosely wound over the first six inches of the rod and then tightly wound around the rest
of the rod. Finally, the use of #14 AWG household wire is employed in a coil wound in the direction opposite of the coil on the
"induction" rod. This coil is affixed on the top to the ball and on the bottom to the working electrical circuit. This entire unit is
encase in 14 - inch copper tubing.
Conversion of "space energy" resembles in many ways the electromagnetic induction principle first discovered by Henry and
Faraday in the last century. As noted previously, this energy has near electromagnetic properties. These properties include the
presence of two quasi-vectors, a quasi-electrical (L) field and a quasi-magnetic (H) field. This second or quasi-magnetic field
differs from the traditional concept of magnetism by having its flux (lines of force) bend inward instead of magnetism's outward
direction. To induce electricity, it is necessary that two dissimilar energy flows be set up. The first is through the copper rod and
the second through the coil wound around the rod. Apparently, this difference in distance and speed (wire resistance) off flow
creates the conditions similar to the moving of an iron core through a magnetic field, that is, an electrical current is induced. This
phenomenon is due to the quasi-magnetism present in both the copper rod and coil (Iron nails will stick to the outer copper tube.
Thus, a corollary of the Faraday Law of Electromagnetic induction is clearly found in the induction unit. Further proof of this
inductive effect comes from the fact that the counter-coil seems to act much in the manner of the secondary coil of a transformer
(amplifies voltage).
Once the energy leaves the induction unit, it enters the "control unit." This unit is composed of a central piezoelectric quartz
crystal that is mounted on a tuning (moveable) base attached to the bottom of a hexagonal hardwood resonating chamber. This
instrument acts as the split or frequency tuning capacitor. That is, the "control unit" accomplishes the final tuning of the energy so
that the maximum amount of energy can be converted into electricity. This circuit begins at the top of the box and passes to a flat
spiral coil placed beneath the top of the box. This coil is glued to the copper sheathing that comprises the actual resonating
chamber. This "roof coil" starts the process by directing the energy to the crystals upper facets into the working circuit. Next, the
energy travels to the inner counter-wound vertical coil called "the crystal coils" through the use of a "slip ring." Here, it is
exposed to the energy of the sides or long facets of the crystal. Finally, the energy travels through the main coils, a counter-
wound vertical coil glued to the bottom sheathed resonance chamber. By this time, the resonance induced by tuning (turning) the
crystal has increased the efficiency of the conversion process. This phenomenon is due to two factors. First, the crystal has the
ability to control the amount of voltage in the circuit. This effect is found in standard electrical theory in the use of split capacitors
to tune circuits and in this way increase the "Q" efficiency of an induction coil (commonly employed in microwave and radio
circuits). Secondly, the unit has the property to increase or decrease the amount of resistance in a given circuit. This was
demonstrated by the boxes ability to burn out a 70Vdc, 2 amp step-down transformer. By the use of these properties the control
unit is able to transform the energy from the conduction unit into a more stable electrical form.

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 880, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To sum up let us quickly review the entire conversion process. First, the energy jumps to the tip of the inductor rod and is
conducted to the opposite end of the rod. Simultaneously, this energy flows through the tightly wound induction coil. The
difference in rate and distance allows the rod and coil to induce an electrical current. Finally, the energy is sent to the control unit
to stabilize the converted energy. The main working circuit for the system consists of a primary tube (core and coil assembly
labeled C and D in diagram 2) and the secondary spiral tube (core and coil assembly labeled E in diagram 2) In this fashion the
device is able to covert "space energy" into a useable form of DC electricity.
FIG. 2
A-CAPACITOR BALL
B- MAST
C - PRIMARY COIL
D- PRIMARY TUBE
E- SECONDARY SPIRAL TUBE
F- ELECTRICAL LOAD
→ DIRECTION OF ENERGY FLOW
SPACE
Nuns
CAN
• B
D
E
(+)

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 243, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG. 3
ASSEHOLY DIAGRAMS OF CONTROL UNIT
- BRASS TUNING ROD
- SHOULDER OF COPPER COIL FORH
- COPPER COIL FORH
- CRYSTAL COIL
6
- CRYSTAL
2"
- HEXAGONAL BASE
INNER COIL, COIL BASE & TUNING ROD
- INNER COIL
- OUTER COPPER COiL FORM
- OUTER COIL

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
http://www.overunity.com/index.php?topic=2839.50;topicseen
« Reply #50 on: January 02, 2008, 07:32:57 PM »
Re: Disclosed: Peter Markovich and his 'essential' A.T.R.E.E.
That is interesting, i will have to experiment with the location of the sphere connector.
I have some interesting results, can anyone confirm these 2 things for me??
1) the current appears fo be proportional to the size of the sphere
2) voltage appears to be proportional to the number of turns in the primary divided by the number of turns on the secondary
windings. - i.e. - increase the total number of turns on both coils and thus should increase the voltage.
im running out of ferrite rods, my longest one thus far is 14 inches. If anyone could play with a larger set-up that would be
helpful.
hyp : if my calculations hold true, a Ikw unit should be approx 2-ft diameter hollow sphere (copper or aluminum)
and approx 300 turns on the primary / 150 on the secondary.
currently my biggest problem is an inconsstency in the curent when a load is attached, the current drops exponentially from
130ma down to 0 after a 10-15 seconds (with a 14-inch rod [60/30 turns] + 9-inch sphere)
This leads me to believe the sphere is acting as a sort of "capacitor"
', charging over time from the induced voltage diference. I
need to experiment with completely discharging the sphere, then measure the "charge time" along a current-based-scale.
Im guessing there is relationship to the charging-time of the sphere, to its discharge
time (i.e. -current out) .
Solution ::- Construct two devices, discharge one intentionally, at the halfway mark of the discharge time, to offset them, then
collect them as a low-voltage A/C signal, through a square-wave rectifier to produce a (steady) DC output.
any thoughts? or anyone that can test these things and confirm/deny what im seeing here? thanks.
smOky2, Hero Member
Re: Disclosed: Peter Markovich and his 'essential' A.T.R.E.E.
« Reply #53 on: January 04, 2008, 09:45:35 PM »
my 2 largest voltages thus far have come from the 9-inch spheres (these are the argest i have)
copper sphere (9in) yields a consistent 0.13v DC potential between the lead from the secondary lead ot the bottom of the rod. (-
0.13v if measured in the other direction)
the aluminum sphere (9in) yields a varying voltage potential between 0.04 - 0.9v DC, im not sure what causes the variance - my
two best guesses are temperature and/or the mixture of different metals in the aluminum alloy.
[i could not obtain a hollow sphere made of pure aluminum - they are hard to come by, and i was also told that it would quickly
form an oxide layer on the outer (and inner) surface, which would act like an insulator, destroying the effect we are trying to
achieve.J
My next attempt is going to be constructed with a hollow Brass sphere, im shooting for 12-14 inch if i can find one. if it has to be
custom made, i'll get the biggest one my pockest can atford.

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3173, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
at best, what i have is approx 2/100th's of a Watt, which decreases over the discharge time of the sphere (capacitor).
i have not yet been able to achieve a non-stop DC output of any measurable current, the current is only present when i let it
"charge" for a few seconds.
also i have found an increase in ferformance when you completely seal(air tight) the hole in the bottom of the sphere, around the
rod shaft. - this seal also doubles as an insulator for the inner coil lead, between it and the sphere, allowing a much closer solder
point at the top of the rod. - although my next one will be attached actually up INSIDE the sphere just under the "point", my
mind keeps telling me to do this for some reason, so im gonna go with it..
Brass should perform slightly better than the copper, it lies between copper and silver on the list of metals
silver, gold, or even platinum/titanium are probably the best metals to build this device out of, but i am not rich enough to build a
golden toy Smiley
honestly i think the "ground-battery" gives a much better power output for the cost of parts, but this does have the advantage of
mobility, so im going to toy with it for a little while longer. - if anyone has suggestions to try, or results of their own i would
appreciate as much input as i can get at this point.
p.s. i mentioned in an earlier post about using a ferrite rod - disregard this - continue using non-ferromagnetic rods, it does not
have the advantage that i thought it would have, and may in fact decrease performance, or at least make it inconsistent.
the more i toy with this, the more i tink "comming from the ather" is not what is happening here at all.
If i had to describe this effect, it would be along the lines of a peltier effect, along a temperature constant. There is a voltage
potential, but (almost) no current flow.
if the circuit is isolated (open) the cummulative charge density can build up.
which "auto"-charges some types of capacitors over time.
This capacitor, just happens to be a sphere.
i have not been able to detect any ionic disturbances with my static-detectors, and they are extremely sensitive at a close range, so
i am confident there are no ion accumulations involved
If you want to see this effect in greater quantities, get a pelter thermoelectric "CPU cooler", and attach it to a capacitor at ambient
temperaure on both terminals.
(you can increase the voltage obtained by placing it in a magnetic field.)
i think the coils could essentially be replaced with a strip of dissimilar metal attached from the sphere to the bottom of the rod.
voltage would be obtained between the sphere and the top of the rod. this effect is achieved by the coils, not by induction, but by
increasing the conductive path on one side of the circuit, which is (synthetically) the same as using a different metal.
many designs, in fact used different metal coils
when there is a thermal difference between the two ends, the situation is extremely compounded with differing energy levels, but
at a thermal equilibrium, there is simply a voltage potential, with current so low your meter probably will read 0.000, but will
charge a cap over time.

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3384, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hi saintsnick,
it says 5% of the rod inside the sphere, not 1/5, it's a big difference.
spiral, out.
The rod and sphere must be electrically isolated from one another.
we are talking about a hollow sphere here, not a ball with a hole drilled in it. It must be very thin and smooth inside and out.
The type of metal may vary, but they fall within the class of non-magnetic metals (copper,silver, gold platinum)
iron or steel will not work, because it induces an opposing magnetic field within the material that cancels out the electric potential.
Be SURE that your wiring is NOT paramagnetic. you can test this by placing a magnet to the wire. If it is attracted, find a
different wire. (if you're using copper wiring you dont have to worry about this)
The wires used in the 2 coils should be proportionally sized (meaning that the larger wire is divisible by the diameter of the
smaller, or by a common denominator of the two)
Also the number of turns should be proportional to the opposite degree (2x size = 1/2x the # of turns)
the (inner) coil should be bare copper wire. an insulated copper wire actually has an inductance, which will prevent ANY current
from flowing through it. rather we provide a circular (shorted) path for some of the energy to flow through (on the surface of...).
The secondary coil is insulated to created the induction effect to drive the load.
Hope this helps.
[as for the mile long Tesla thing, it's size has no bearing on the effect Its massive size was designed for one reason and one
reason only,
-To Achieve Incredible Ammounts of Energy from One Device - so he could play with it consistently without interupting the
commercial power-grid his machines were hooked to. I dont believe he ever got a chance to actually make this large version of
the device before his laboratory was contiscated.]
Hi All:
I was playing around with the
ATREE I had built earlier in this post and to my surprise there might be something to this design after all. Earlier I had tried
many different things to try and get voltage from the device but my meter showed nothing.. Well It turns out my meter was
faulty! When I tried checking the voltage with a new more sensitive meter I was getting a small but constant voltage of 80 to
100 m volts. I tried putting different capacitors across the two output leads and was able to vary the voltage substantially. With
two 50 volt 22000 uF de capacitors in parallel I am able to maintain .15 volts. I has gotten as high as 7volts. When I attached a
2500 volt ac microwave capacitor to the ATREE I was able to actually get a spark after about 10 minutes of charging. The
output is definitely DC..I tried putting a resistor across th leads after the capacitor and it drained the voltage to O. It will slowly
build the charge after a while and return to a steady state. I don't have a low voltage LED to try on it but when I get one I will try
it.
I'm not sure how to harvest this voltage but it is definitely acting like a collector. I know my device is crude but maybe a properly
built one will get better results.
I am currently building a RENE- RATER and will post some pictures soon for anyone that is interested.
NO, I did not change a thing. The primary is wound with #26 magnet wire just like the original diagram in this posting shows.
The only things that I changed was my meter and the way I attached capacitors to it.
