{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:47:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 245011, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125220-cejka-patent-2960659.pdf", "source_sha256": "1e7f0f170eef1fc7e3074f1f9060fbdfc59bf40796fcdb4dae18c1974bdc186a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 241, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Nov. 15,1960 _ LABURTON —=~=s«,960,689
So SEMICONDUCTIVE ELECTRON SOURCE | ,

Filed Sept. 1, 1955 2 Sheets-Sheet 1

= 55
sly oP Fe Oey
et Fe s7 (58
‘43 '42 40 ‘dl Oe ae
7 53 58 /fL
60 | 63
INVENTOR
JA. BURTON

Avtar). Toreifie

_ ATTORNEY —

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 227, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nov. 15, 1960
Filed Sept. I, 1955
J. A. BURTON
SEMICONDUCTIVE ELECTRON SOURCE
2,960,659
2 Sheets-Sheet ?
- +V
77
FIG. 4
N
Tea to
_+V
70
83
FIG.5
80
82
-+V
93-
96,59
FIG. 6
90
INVENTOR
BY
J. A. BURTON
Anther@ Toraglien
ATTORNEY

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1025, "chars": 6845, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
2,960,659
Patented Nov. 15, 1960
2
Moreover, to obtain copious electron emission from a
cathode surface it is necessary to produce large numbers
2,960,659
SEMICONDUCTIVE ELECTRON SOURCE
Joseph A. Burton, Chatham, N.J., assignor to Bell Tele-
phone Laboratories, Incorporated, New York, N.Y., a
corporation of New York
Filed Sept. 1, 1955, Ser. No. 532,043
13 Claims. (Cl. 330—65)
of electrons with a high energy.
In previously known
electron emitters, this is achieved in several ways.
5
In
thermionic emitters, electrons acquire energy by heat.
In photoelectric emitters, the electrons receive their en-
ergy by absorption of light quanta.
For "cold" cathode
emission the potential barrier at the pointed cathode is
lowered by applying a very strong external electric field,
10
and thereby even low energy electrons can be pulled
through the barrier.
In contradistinction, in accordance with the present in-
vention, the electron emitter is a semiconductive body
This invention relates to electron systems, and more
which includes a suitably biased p-n junction therein.
particularly to arrangements in which electron emission
15
Several arrangements of this type which are particularly
is obtained from the surface of a semiconductive body
advantageous are described herein.
having a p-n junction therein.
An illustrative embodiment of the invention comprises
Conduction occurs in electronic semiconductors by
a semiconductive body, the main portion of which is of
means of two types of charge carriers: electrons and
holes
p-type conductivity and a surface layer of which is of
Generically, those conductors wherein conduc-
20
n-type conductivity.
tion is in the main by electrons are called n-type, while
tial, and geometry of the p-type and n-type regions are
those wherein conduction occurs by holes are called p-
chosen in such a manner as to accelerate electrons to high
The conductivity transition region between two
kinetic energies near the n-type surface layer.
contiguous zones of opposite conductivity type is known
these high energy electrons escape from the semiconduc-
tor surface into the surrounding space and form useful
There are two main types of electron sources, or cath-
odes, now known in the art, ie., hot thermionic cathodes
and so-called "cold" cathodes.
Hot thermionic cathodes are now generally used to
provide an electron beam in the common forms of elec-
tron discharge devices. However, cathodes of this type
have certain disadvantages.
In particular, these cathodes
require a heating element having a power source in order
to warm the cathode to the elevated temperature neces-
sary to obtain useful electron emission, and this heating
element serves no other useful purpose, so that the power
used by it is essentially wasted.
Moreover, a "warming
period is required atter the electron tube is turned
on, due to the heating period for the cathode, and, after
the current is turned off, the cathode delivers a diminish-
electron current until the cathode has cooled suffi-
ciently to prevent further emission.
Additionally,
thermionic cathode generally is characterized by a coating
of a metal oxide, which is the main source of the electron
emission. Due to the evaporation of this coating at the
elevated temperatures required for operation, the life of
the cathode and therefore of the electron discharge device
electron emission.
the region of the n-type surface layer, the escape of such
electrons is facilitated, so that a usefully large electron
emission may result. Such a semiconductor body, there-
fore, may be used as a cathode in a great variety of elec-
tron discharge devices.
associated with electrodes to control the escaping elec-
trons in a manner quite analogous to those used with
conventional thermionic cathodes.
However, cathodes in accordance with the invention
have several advantages over thermionic cathodes.
require no heating and operate at room temperature.
The electron emission may be turned on or off at will
quite rapidly, merely by turning off the bias across the
p-n junction.
results by dispensing with the heating element.
In a preferred
contains a p conductivity type region having a thin n-type
region on one surface thereof, and an adsorbed cesium
film on the surface of the n-type region.
tion between the p-type and n-type regions is biased in
the reverse direction in the avalanche breakdown region
to provide electrons which are able to escape and give
Other types of cathodes, such as "cold" cathodes, are 50
rise to electron emission.
sometimes used in some forms of electron discharge de-
term given to the condition of copious electron flow
vices in place of hot cathodes.
These "cold"
cathodes
which occurs when a p-n junction is biased in the reverse
fundamentally operate by the application of a strong ex-
direction beyond a certain voltage, which depends on the
ternal electric field which pulis electrons from a pointed
parameters of the semiconductive body. Normally, a p-n
unheated cathode. However, since these cathodes re-
junction biased in the reverse direction provides a high
quire a high external potential for operation, the extent
impedance to current flow.
of their usefulness is thereby limited.
voltage exceeds a value which is related primarily to the
A broad object of the applicant's invention is to pro-
specific resistivities of the two zones defining the p-n
vide an electron source of a novel type suitable for use
junction, a large number of high velocity electrons cross
in electron discharge devices.
the p-n junction. A detailed discussion of such principles
An important feature of the present invention is a
is set forth in an article by K. G. McKay in the Physical
semiconductive element, advantageously
Review, volume 94, pages 879 through 884, May 15,
germanium, containing a p-n junction and having a coat-
1954, entitled "Avalanche Breakdown in Silicon."
ing of an alkali metal such as cesium on its surface near
In another embodiment, a semiconductive body is of
the p-n junction. It has been known hitherto that alkali B5
the n-p-n type in which one n surface zone is thin and
metals such as cesium, when coated on a metallic sur-
contains an adsorbed coating of an alkali or alkaline
face,
decrease the electron work function and thereby
earth metal thereon. The p-n junction associated with
increase the rate of electron emission.
In accordance
the thin n-type zone is biased in the reverse direction.
with the present invention, a coating of an alkali or alka-
Electron emission in this embodiment is controlled by
line earth metal is used on the surface of a semiconduc- 7o controiling the electrons injected across the other p-n
tive body to reduce the electron work function at the
junction which is biased in the forward direction.
The invention will be better understood from the fol-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1169, "chars": 7585, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lowing
more detailed description taken in
conjunction
with the accompanying drawings, in
Fig. 1 shows a typical semiconductive body for use
in the practice of the invention;
Fig. 2 shows an amplifier which utilizes an electron 5
source in accordance with one embodiment of the in-
vention;
Fig: 3 shows an amplifier which uses an electron source
in accordance with another embodiment of the invention;
and
control grid. This input circuit includes the grid bias
voltage supply 37 and the signal source 33.
the voltage supply 37 maintains a negative bias relative
to zone 22 of the cathode.
The output circuit is connected between the cathode
The output circuit includes an anode voltage
supply 38 which maintains the anode suitably positive
with respect to zone 22 of the cathode and a load 34,
shown schematically as a resistor.
used to by-pass signal currents across the anode voltage
Figs. 4, 5 and 6 show other arrangements of semi-
conductive bodies that may be employed to obtain con-
The operation of an amplifier of this type is analogous
trolled electron emission, in accordance with other em-
to the operation of a thermionic vacuum tube amplifier.
bodiments of the invention.
Input signals applied to the control grid 26 by the signal
In each of these figures, for clarity of exposition the 15
source 33 act to modify
correspondingly the
drawing is not to scale.
of current which arrives at the anode.
The variations
In particular, Fig. 1 represents schematically a semi-
in anode current are made to establish signal potential
conductive body, advantageously
of Silicon, for serving
variations across the load 34 in the anode circuit.
as an
electron source. The main portion Il of the
Other arrangements of focusing
semiconductive body is of p-type conductivity.
An I 20 grids, suppressor grids and screen grids can also be used
conductivity zone 12, typically about 10-6 to 10-3 centi-
in much the same way as with conventional thermionic
meters thick, is formed on one surface of main portion
11.
Typically, zone 12 can be formed by localized
Another cathode structure is shown incorporated into
diffusion from a vapor state of a group
the electron discharge device shown connected
such
using the techniques of the kind 25 amplifier of Fig.
The various tube elements
described by C. S. Fuller in copending application Serial
housed in an evacuated glass envelope 52.
No. 414,272, filed March 5, 1954.
Additionally, a thin
conductive body 40 comprises a p-type zone 42 which is
film of an alkali or alkaline earth metal 13, typically
inserted between two terminal n-type zones 41 and 43.
cesium, is adsorbed on the n-type zone 12, advantageously
Zone 43 is coated with a thin film of an electron work
by deposition from the vapor state.
This layer 13 ad- 30 function reducing material 44. Zone 43 is also made
vantageously is about a monomolecular layer thick.
very thin, preferably of the order of 10-0 to 10-3 centi-
Fig. 2 shows a semiconductor body of the type shown
meters to facilitate electron emission therefrom.
in Fig. 1 incorporated into an electron discharge device
P-n junction 45 between p zone 42 and n zone 43 is
which is connected in an amplifier circuit. The various
biased in the reverse direction by means of the voltage
elements of the electron discharge device are housed in
35 supply 55, such that only a small saturation current flows
a vacuum envelope 28, which typically will be of glass.
across junction 45 in the absence of any injection of
In the interest of simplicity,
there have been omitted
electrons from the junction 46 which exists between zones
from the drawing details such as support and spacer
41 and 42.
members. Leads from the various elements are con-
This junction 46 is biased in the forward direction by
nected to external circuitry through pins 39 in the base 40 means of a voltage supply 58, which advantageously is
29 of the housing.
P-type zone 21 and n-type zone 22
variable; for the injection of electrons into the p zone
have, respectively, electrodes 24 and 25
making low
42.
These electrons diffuse across the p zone 42, which
resistance connection thereto.
Electrode 25 is made to
also should be thin to minimize recombination therein,
the edge of the front face of the body and positioned
and are accelerated to high energies when they fall down
not to impede appreciably electron emission from the 45 the large potential drop across p-n junction 45.
Since the
n-type surface portion. P-type zone 21 is biased negatively
n region 43 is very thin, and the presence of coating 44
with respect to the n-type zone 22 by means of a voltage
reduces the potential barrier at the surface, some of these
supply 32.
The voltage applied is of sufficient magni-
electrons escape into the vacuum space before losing
tude that avalanche breakdown occurs at junction re-
energy to the lattice. The amount of such electron emis-
gion 36.
As previously discussed, the avalanche break- 50 sion can be adjusted easily by varying the voltage of volt-
down voltage depends on the parameters of the semi-
age supply 58 which controls the amount of electron cur-
conductive body, and typically is designed to be of the
rent injected across p-n junction 46.
order of tens or hundreds of volts.
A cathode of this type may be utilized in several differ-
rent is adjusted to a suitable value by means of the vari-
ent fashions. First, it may be operated with a fixed setting
able current-limiting resistance 31.
The electrons pro- 55 of the voltage supply 58, and associated with a control
duced by the ionization of junction region 36 are ac-
grid for operation in the manner of the tube shown in
celerated by the electric field associated with the junc-
the amplifier of Fig. 2, in which input signals are applied
tion toward the nearby surface of the body. Some of
between the cathode and the control grid.
these electrons have sufficient kinetic energy to escape
Alternatively,
it may be incorporated in a tube which does not include
over the potential barrier at the surtace into the sur- 60 a control grid, and, for amplifier operation, the signal
rounding
area.
The surface coating 23, of an alkali
may be applied in series with the voltage supply 58 to
metal such as cesium, reduces the height of the potential
vary correspondingly the amount of current injected
barrier and permits a larger fraction of the electrons to
across the p-n junction 46 and hence the amount of cur-
escape at the front face of the body.
rent emitted by the cathode. As still a third alternative,
form an electron stream which can
such a cathode may be associated with a control grid,
manner analogous to the use of the electron stream pro-
as in the tube shown in Fig. 2, and input signals applied
vided by a thermionic cathode.
either to vary the voltage across p-n junction 46 or be-
For example, in this embodiment of Fig. 2 the elec-
tween the cathode and control grid; or separate signals
tron stream is used in a vacuum tube which is operated
may be applied in each of these fashions for mixing.
as an amplifier.
To this end, there is associated with the 70 Fig. 3 shows an arrangement corresponding to this third
semiconductive cathode an electron permeable control
grid 26, and an anode or plate 27, in the manner char-
Provision is made for including a first signal source
acteristic of the usual form of
thermionic cathode 57 in series with the voltage supply 58, which fixes the
voltage across the p-n junction 46. Provision is also
An input circuit is connected between the cathode and 75 made for including a second signal source 61 in series

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1263, "chars": 8165, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2,960,659
5
6
with the control grid bias supply 62 in the circuit con-
from the spirit and scope of the invention. Such other
nected between the zone 43 of the cathode and control
semiconductors include the germanium-silicon alloys and
grid
50.
Accordingly, this arrangement may be em-
group III—group V compounds such as gallium arsenide,
ployed to amplify signals applied by either source 57 or
aluminum arsenide, gallium antimonide, aluminum anti-
source 61, or alternatively used to mix signals applied 5 monide and indium phosphide.
by the two sources.
Moreover, electrode arrangements other than those de-
Moreover, in arrangements of this kind, it is feasible to
scribed herein may be employed.
Also, other semicon-
substitute for the rectifying p-n junction 46 a rectifying
ductor arrangements for providing electron emission from
point contact electrode biased in the forward direction
a surface thereof, such as by applying high forward volt-
for the injection of electrons into the p-type zone 42 for 10
ages rather than reverse voltages to obtain electron emis-
diffusion thereacross to p-n junction 45 for the control
sion, are within the scope and spirit of this invention.
of electron emission from the body.
Furthermore, cathodes of this type may be used to
Another useful embodiment of this invention is repre-
serve as the electron source in an electron gun for use
sented by the electron gun of Fig. 4.
Semiconductive
in various known cathode ray devices.
For example,
body 70 has an n-type zone 71 and a p-type zone 72 with 15
they can be used as an electron source to provide elec-
D-m junction 73 therebetween.
This p-n junction is biased
tron beams for use in high frequency amplifiers such as
the reverse direction in the avalanche breakdown
travelling wave, backward wave, and klystron tubes.
region, and the high energy electrons which escape from
such arrangements, it is advantageous to include adjacent
one edge of this junction in a direction substantially paral-
the semiconductive body a beam-forming electrode which
lel to the junction are collected by an anode 77 positioned 20 forms the electrons emitted into a well collimated beam.
transverse to the direction of flow in the vacuum space.
Moreover, it is feasible to include as part of the electron
A thin layer of an electron work function reducing ma-
gun an electrode system which is capable of diverging or
terial 76 is placed across the p-n junction at the edge of
converging the electron beam formed.
the junction opposite to the anode.
Relatively little emis-
Accordingly, it is to be understood that the specific
sion results from the edges adjacent the p-n junction
25 embodiments shown are merely illustrative of the princi-
where no coating is provided
This arrangement gives
ples of the invention.
Various modifications may be de-
a line source of emitted electrons and does not require
vised by a worker in the art without departing from the
either the n-type or p-type zones to be thin.
It is, of
spirit and scope of the invention.
course, feasible to introduce between the emissive surface
What is claimed is:
of the body 70 and the anode 77 focusing and control
30
1. Apparatus for providing an electron stream com-
electrodes in the manner previously discussed.
This is
prising a semiconductive body including a rectifying bar-
also true of the embodiments shown in Figs. 5 and 6.
rier, a coating of an electron work function reducing ma-
In the electron gun shown in Fig. 5, a semiconductive
terial deposited on a portion of said body's surface ad-
body 80, whose main portion 82 is p-type, has an n-type
jacent to the rectifying barrier, means including a volt-
channel 81 of line configuration in one surface.
The p-n
35 age source for biasing the rectifying barrier in the re-
junction between such n-type and p-type regions is biased
verse direction beyond the point of avalanche breakdown
in reverse in the avalanche breakdown region, and the
for inducing electron emission outwardly into free space
high energy electrons produced escape through the n-
from said body in the region of said coating, and means
type channel region 81.
A coating 86 of a suitable ma-
spaced from said body and said coating for forming the
terial, such as cesium,
is placed on the surface of the 40 electrons emitted into a stream.
n-type channel 81 to facilitate electron emission.
The
2. An electron source comprising a semiconductive
electrons emitted are collected at the anode 83.
This
body the main portion of which is of p conductivity type
embodiment has the advantage of closely controlling the
and an end surface layer of which is of n conductivity
area of electron emission.
The n-type channel 81 could
type, means for biasing the p-n junction between said
be of any desired configuration, such as annular or circu-
45 main portion and said surface layer in the reverse direc-
lar, to obtain an electron stream whose cross-section has
tion beyond the point of avalanche breakdown, and a
a corresponding configuration.
coating of electron work function reducing material on
Another embodiment of the invention is shown by the
electron gun of Fig.
6.
the surface of said surface layer for inducing electron
A point contact electrode yZ
emission from said surface into free space.
typically of tungsten, is placed on one surface of a p-type 50
3. An
electron source comprising a semiconductive
semiconductor body 91.
A suitable low work function
body having a pair of terminal zones of n-type conduc-
coating 96 is provided adjacent to the region of contact.
tivity and an intermediate zone of p-type conductivity,
The point contact 9½ 1s biased in reverse, and the nigh
one terminal zone being sufficiently thin to permit high
energy electrons produced by the high fields near the
velocity electrons to diffuse through it into free space
point contact are emitted into vacuum and are drawn to
55 with little energy loss, means for biasing the p-n junc
the anode 93.
This arrangement gives an electron-emis-
tion between said p zone and said thin n zone in the
sive cathode which is very small in area, and is effectively
reverse direction, a coating of electron work function re-
a point source of electrons.
The operation of this device
ducing material on said thin terminal n zone for facilitat-
may be improved by suitable "forming" treatments of the
ing electron emission from said zone into free space, and
point contact electrode of the type familiar to workers in
60 means for biasing the p-n junction between said p zone
point contact transistors.
Such "forming" treatment con-
and the other terminal n zone in the forward direction
sists of passing a large current through the point elec-
to control electron flow into said thin n zone.
trode and body for a short time.
4. A point source of electrons comprising a semicon-
While the previous discussion has been limited pri-
ductive body of p conductivity type, a point contact form-
marily to the use of cesium as electron work function re-
65
ing a rectifying junction on one surface of said body, a
ducing material, other materials can be employed for this
coating of an electron work function reducing material
purpose. Other alkali metals including lithium, sodium,
on said surface in the vicinity of said point contact, means
potassium, and rubidium can be used, as well as alkaline
for reverse biasing said point contact for inducing elec-
earth metals such as calcium, strontium and barium.
tron emission from the body into free space in the region
Furthermore, it may be advantageous to oxidize partially 70 of contact, and means spaced from said body and said
the metal employed to give a low work function metal-
coating for forming the electrons emitted into a beam.
metal oxide film. Additionally, thin alloy films such as
5. An amplifier comprising an electron source having
cesium-antimony may also be used in this way.
a semiconductive body the main portion of which is of
Moreover, semiconductive materials other
than ger-
p conductivity type and an end surface layer of which
manium and silicon may be employed without departing 75 is of n conductivity type, said u-type surface layer hav-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 798, "chars": 5213, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2,960,659
ing a coating of electron
work function reducing mate-
rial thereon, and means for biasing the p-n junction be-
tween said main portion and said surface. layer in the
reverse direction beyond the point of avalanche break-
down for inducing electron emission from the body into
free space; an anode spaced from and in target relation
with said electron source, a control element spaced from
said electron source and interposed along the path of
electron source
anode, an input circuit connected to said control element,
and an output circuit connected to said anode:
6. An amplifier having an electron source comprising
a semiconductive body having a pair of terminal zones
of i conductivity type and an intermediate zone of P
conductivity type, one terminal zone being coated with
an electron work function reducing material, said one
terminal zone having a thickness of 10-6 to 10-3 centi-
10. An electron source as in claim 3 including means
spaced from said body and
the electrons emitted into a beam.
11. An amplifier comprising an electron source having
a: semiconductive body the main portion of which is of
p conductivity type and an end surface layer of which
is of n conductivity type, said n-type surface layer hav-
ing a coating of cesium thereon,
the p-n junction between said main portion and said sur-
face layer in the reverse direction beyond the point of
avalanche breakdown for inducing electron emission from
the body into free space, an anode spaced from and in
target relation with said electron source, a control ele-
ment spaced from said electron source
and interposed
along the path of electron flow between said electron
source and said. anode,
an input circuit connected to
said control element, and an output circuit connected to
meters to be electron-emissive, means for biasing the p-n
junction between said p zone and said one terminal zone
12. An electron source comprising a semiconductive
in the reverse direction for inducing electron emission
20 body having a succession of zones
from said one terminal zone into free space, and means
is of opposite conductivity type to that of the zone con-
for biasing the p-n junction between said p zone and the
tiguous thereto, of which one terminal zone is adapted
other terminal n zone in the forward direction to control
for emitting electrons, said terminal zone and the zone
electron flow into said one terminal zone; an anode spaced
contiguous thereto having respective low impedance con-
from and in target relation with said electron source, an 25. tacts for applying to
said body a biasing potential to
input circuit connected between said p zone and
accelerate electrons within said body toward said terminal
other terminal n zone, and an output circuit connected
zone, the surface of said terminal zone including a thin
layer of a material capable of reducing the electron work
7. Apparatus for providing an
function of said surface to permit escape of electrons
prising a semiconductive body including a rectifying bar- 30 from said surface into free space, an anode spaced from
rier, a coating of cesium deposited on a portion of said
and in target relationship with said electron source, and
body's surface adjacent to the rectifying barrier, means
a control element spaced from and intermediate said elec-
including a voltage source for biasing the rectifying junc-
tron source and said anode.
tion in the reverse direction beyond the point of avalanche
13. An electron source for obtaining the emission of
breakdown for inducing electron emission outwardly into 35 electrons into free space comprising a semiconductive
free space from said body in the region of said coating,
body including a rectifying barrier, means connected to
and means spaced from said body and said coating for
said body for biasing said barrier and for providing high
forming the electrons emitted into a stream.
energy electrons within said body, and means for reduc-
electron source comprising a semiconductive
ing the electron work function of a surface of said body
body having a succession of zones wherein each zone is 40
to a value sufficiently low to assure emission of said
of opposite conductivity type to that of the zone con-
high energy electrons from within said body outwardly
tiguous thereto, a coating of an electron work function
into free space, said last-mentioned means comprising a
reducing material on a surface zone of said body, means
thin layer of an electron work function reducing ma-
for applying a reverse bias across the junction between
terial, one surface of said layer being adhered to a por-
said surface zone and a zone of opposite conductivity 45
tion of the surface of said body adjacent to said barrier
type contiguous thereto, means forming a rectifying junc-
and an opposed surface of said layer being effectively
tion with said contiguous zone for
the injection of
entirely bounded by free space.
minority carriers therein for diffusion to said reverse-
biased junction, and means spaced from said body and
said coating for forming electrons emitted from the sur-
2,735,049
References Cited in the file of this patent
UNITED STATES PATENTS
--- Feb. 14, 1956
the electrons emitted into a stream.
