{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-12T14:48:32Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6326386, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125255-cejka-can-science-create-life.pdf", "source_sha256": "9c115809a810a19068da462a62535745d4587272b857c4309ed031bb24609a70"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2445, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CAN SCIENCE
CREATE LIFE?
A British sclentist who accidentally produced life in his
laboratory made a discovery nobody wanted.
By Paul B. Thompson
TN 1837 a great controversy erupted
Lamong scientists and intellectuals on
rwo continents over the alleged creation
of artificial life-forms. This startling
event was the unintended result of ex-
periments by self-taught British scien-
tist Andrew Crosse. Working in his
laboratory with simple chemicals and
clectricity, Crosse repeatedly produced
living creatures.
Andrew Crosse (1784-1855) lived
most of his life in his ancestral home
Fyne Court in Broomfield parish,
Somerset, England. His carly years were
spent in France where his father was
known at the court of Louis XVI. Later
Crosse went to school at Dorchester and
attended college at Oxford. Returning
to Somerset after taking his degree,
Crosse painfully learned how to run the
estate. Then, possessing a steady if
modest income, Crosse devoted
whatever he could afford to the study
of science which had been his passion
since boyhood.
Crosse was greatly influenced in his
carly scientific career by the pioneer
electrician George John Singer. What
This drawing is the only known likeness
of Androw Crosse, self-taught scientist.
had been the music hall in Crosse's
mansion was converted into a
laboratory. The organ loft was used to
house a variety of electrical equipment
(one large device carried a card that cau-
76
Misers horrides Cunt
Somerset Archaeological 4 Natural Hielory
Turpin captioned his engraving: "Fig. 1: Circle with natural size mite. Fla. 2
Animal under microscope. Length of body combined with head one-haif millimeter."
tioned moli me tangere-do not touch
me). Between 1807 and 1817 Singer and
Crosse strung yards and yards of cop-
per wire over the grounds of the estate.
With this giant antenna the two men
were able to conduct powerful charges
of atmospheric electricity into their
laboratory
where they studied its
behavior and characteristics.
But Singer died in 1817, leaving
Crosse without a mentor. Alone, Crosse
practically ceased his researches for the
next 20 years.
His scientific peers did not hear from
Crosse again until 1836. That year be
was invited to speak to the British
Association for the Advancement of
Science assembled in Bristol. He
discussed the formation of rock crystals;
next to electricity, mineralogy was his
favorite pursuit.
While in Bristol,
Crosse also demonstrated his im-
77

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 4544, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
provements on the design of the
voltaic* pile and shared his data on at-
mospheric electricity. The Association
was impressed, especially since Crosse
was largly self-taught in these complex
subjects.
Fresh from his Bristol triumph,
Crosse returned home to Fyne Court to
begin his most famous and controver-
sial experiment. He decided to combine
his two favorite studies and attempt to
discover whether a weak current of elec-
tricity would affect the formation of
crystals of silica out of a solution.
Crosse reduced a piece of black flint
to powder by heating it, then quenching
it in cold water. He mixed two ounces
of this silica dust with six ounces of
potash (potassium carbonate). The mix-
ture was subjected to a high heat for 15
minutes, until the silica and potash
fused into a glasslike substance. Crosse
ground this glass down to powder and
dissolved it in boiling water. This was
his basic silica solution. Into this Crosse
poured hydrocholoric acid until the
solution was supersaturated.
He built a mahogany frame to hold
the components of his experiment. On
the top shelf Crosse put a large basin
containing the acid-silica liquid. By
means of a strip of fannel the liquid was
siphoned down to the next shelf, where
a funnel was mounted. In the funnel
was a chunk of natural oxide of iron,
obtained from the slopes of Mount
Vesuvius. As the solution slowly
dripped onto the stone, the porous sur-
face of the rock soaked it up. Attached
to cach side of the dampened rock were
platinum wires which were connected to
*Resaring so or producing dira doctric curren by chemical
echoe (as in a banery!.
Robert Chambers" book Vestiges antic!-
pated Darwin, used Acari as evidence.
one of Crosse's multicelled batteries.
Below the spout of the funnel was
another jar which caught the excess liq-
wid dripping off the stone. The excess
could be returned to the top basin.
After 14 days white dots appeared on
the upper surface of the electrified
stone, directly bencath the dripping
piece of fannel. By the 18th day the
dots had grown into conical excres-
cences with odd hairlike filaments all
over them. After 26 days the conical ob-
jects had become recognizable as miles.
On the 28th day the mites detached
themselves from the stone and moved
around of their own volition. Andrew
Crosse was amazed. He had observed
their development daily but when they
showed powers of locomotion and
hunger he was stunned to find they were
in fact alive.
78
26
22
Author Thompson's drawing represents development (from right to lett) of Acari on
stone. Numerals refer to the number of days elapsed since beginning of experiment.
Crosse observed them daily and was stunned to find that mites were in fact alive.
Examination under a lens revealed country as Devil Crosse,"
that the minute crcatures were eight-
"Blasphemer" and "Reviles of our
legged specimens of the genus Acarus
Holy Religion."
(today usually called Acarinus). When
Crosse was a model of restraint. He
over 100 of these Acari came off the
managed to remain objective as public
stone Crosse realized that here was a
opinion raged around him. He never
phenomenon beyond his knowledge or
claimed to have created life; indeed, his
experiene.
only plea was for a serious investigation
He did two things. First, he repeated
of the Acari.
his experiment in order to isolate the
Among those who first examined
essential ingredients needed for the
specimens of the Acari were Sir Richard
development of more Acari. Second, he
Owen, Hunterian Professor at the Col-
contacted his newly-met scientific col-
lee of Surgeons in London, and
leagues for help in analyzing his
William Clift, conservator of the
mysterious mites. Before Crosse could
museum of the same college. Mr. Clift
prepare a careful statement on the ap-
held a conversazione at the Royal In-
pearance of the Acari, The Western
stitution on February 17, 1837, and the
Gazette got hold of the story.
Acari were the main items on display.
Premature, inaccurate stories broke
A sample Acarus, preserved in alcohol,
about the man who had created living
was sent to the Academie des Sciences
creatures in his laboratory.
in Paris where it was studied by the
Public response was uniformly
negative. The shy, modest gentleman-
noted microscopist P.J.F. Turpin.
In the meantime, Crosse continued
scientist was labeled an atheist, a
his research into the origins of the Acari.
materialist and a self-imagined creator.
The mites were being called variously
He was attacked from pulpits across the
Acarus Crossil, Acarus Eleciricus or
79

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1008, "chars": 6337, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
80
Golvonicus. Crosse eliminated the acid
and stone from his apparatus and found
he could produce Acari from solutions
of potassium silicate by passing electrici-
ty through the liquid. A layer of
gelatinous silica would collect on che
wires and the mites would develop in
this gelatin like buds. Since the Acari
were always seen to develop gradually
beneath the surface of the liquid and on
the current-carrying wires, the theory
that they came from airborne ova land-
ing in the apparatus could not be con-
sidered valid. Crosse carefully cleaned
all of his equipment by baking it or
washing it in hot alcohol. During the
experiments the containers were covered
with paper to keep out dust. Despite
these precautions, Acari kept appearing.
The calumny heaped upon Crosse
reached such proportions that he wrote
in exasperation,
*I have met with such
virulence and abuse . . in conse-
quence of the experiments, it seems in
this 19th Century a crime to have made
It is curious to read contemporary
accounts of Crosse's work in the press.
There was little doubt according to most
of them that Crosse had succeeded in
producing life; the popular arguments
involved the fine point of whether or not
the Acari were actual creations or
merely unrecognized products of a
natural process.
One anonymous correspondent in the
London Times put it this way:
... it is very generally believed,
that on the supposition of there being
no germ (in the chemicals), the
phenomenon must resolve itself into one
of creation, thus investing man with a
power which is universally held as
belonging to the Deity alone. [There
FATE
exists] a conviction that advance of
knowledge has a tendency to subvert
and destroy the principles of
religion ... yet a little reflection will
show that it is quite absurd to call this
process a "creation'—creation implies
the power of producing something from
nothing."
The responses of the scientific com-
munities in Britain, France and the
United States were unanimously skep-
tical. Although no hint of fraud ever
was attached to Andrew Crosse, the
overall opinion was that Crosse had
made some error or overlooked some
aspect of the experiments which would
account for the appearance of Acari,
Except for personal friends of Crosse,
scientists disassociated themselves from
No doubt many were disturbed by the
experience of Michael Faraday. Faraday
was present at Clift's meeting with the
Royal Institution of Great Britain when
the Acari were presented. Unreliable
members of the British press circulated
reports to the effect that Faraday told
of seeing Acari developing during his
own electrical experiments. This canard
was quickly refuted by Faraday in let-
ters to many papers and journals.
including the Literary Gazette and the
Times. The false association of Faraday
with the Acari might have been forgot-
ten had it not been predominantly
featured by Harriet Martineau in her
widely read book A History of the
Thirty Years Peace (1849). Martineau
devoted several pages to Andrew Crosse
and the Acari controversy, repeating the
apocryphal story of Faraday's Acori.
On April 11, 1850, Michael Faraday
wrote directly to Martineau, advising
her that the story was in error. The
CAN SCIENCE CREATE LIFET
author acknowledged the error but to
this day it remains in the modern edi-
tions of Martineau's history.
The microscopic analysis by Turpin
did not add to Crosse's reputation. The
specimen sent to Paris turned out to be
a pregnant female Acarus, which occa-
sioned gales of sarcastic laughter among
the savants of the Academic. They
assured an artificial creature would not
possess reproductive organs. However,
the French scientists did not pay close
attention to Crosse's description of the
habits of the Acari after emerging from
their electrochemical birthplace. He
noted that once out of the solution the
tent with other members of their species,
Turpin's report, published in Volume
Y of the Comptes Rendus, admitted the
Acarus he examined was an unusual and
never before catalogued type. Turpin
suggested the name Acarus Horridus for
chem. The mites were apparently
cycless, yet sensitive to light. The mites'
bodies had two sections, head and
abdomen. Mature specimens had eight
legs but some examples removed from
the electrical solution had only six. This
characteristic is not unknown among
Acari, as immature mites of the type
Acarus Sero also begin life with six legs
and later develop another pair.
Turpin's excellent engraving shows
the Acarus covered with long fine hairs.
Crosse described these filaments as ap-
pearing before the legs or other features.
Turpin remarked that he knew of no
other type of Acarus which possessed
such lengthy and abundant filaments.
By 1839 it was apparent to Crosse
that a general inquiry into the nature of
the Acari was not forthcoming. As the
excitement in the press subsided, scien-
tific opinion solidified against the Acari.
Benjamin Silliman, editor of the
American Joumal of Science, summed
up the conservative altitude when he
"We cannot believe that life
and organization have been produced by
galvanic power,"
Crosse did not fight the decision.
Indeed, he felt so keenly the criticism
of his discovery that he abandoned
public life and returned to the relative
seclusion of his Somerset estate.
Throughout the 1840's and up to his
death in 1835, Crosse continued his
scientific work. He made important
contributions toward the development
of the sustaining battery and widened
the knowledge of how electricity is con-
ducted through wires and liquids.
The Acari had brought Crosse
nothing but frustration but he was to
live to see anotber man revive the con-
troversy and give it an entirely new
In 1841 William Henry Weekes,
M.D., the municipal doctor of the town-
of Sandwich in Kent began to duplicate
the experiments Crosse had performed
five years earlier. Weekes was a surgeon
by training, so by British tradition he
seldom used the title "'doctor" even in
his scientific papers. His training made
Weekes a more precise experimenter
than Crosse had been. In the name of
scientific accuracy Weekes' work with
the Acari was rigorously controlled.
Weekes sealed a beaker of potassium
silicate under a glass bell. He introduced
wires into the dome through an airtight
gasket and installed a valve that would
allow gases to escape the jar but would

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1050, "chars": 6561, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
82
not allow air to enter. Weekes connected
the leads to his battery and left the
device alone. He made observations at
regular intervals to check on the de-
composition of the silicate solution. In
Weekes" first jar 10 months (January to
November 1841) clapsed before the first
Acarl appeared. Five were spotted
crawling around quite distinctly on the
interior of the glass.
To exclude any possibility of external
contamination Weekes tried other novel
arrangements. In one case he used sterile
oxygen instead of air under the bell and
still produced Acari. On another occa-
sion, he used poisonous hydrofluorie
acid and chlorine gas. The result was
perfectly formed but lifeless Acari.
Curiously suggestive results were
obtained by Weekes in his experiments.
He observed distinct stages in the for-
mation of Acari; beginning as crystalline
forms, they then progressed into
filament-bearing cones.
Finally legs
became distinguishable and the Acarus
displayed the first signs of life. Weekes
found that the higher the proportion of
carbon in the chemicals he used the
greater mumber of Acari which
appeared. When he constructed an
apparatus identical to his first setup but
omitted the electric current he obtained
no Acari at all
The results of W. H. Weekes" exper-
iments were published in several install-
ments in the Proceedings of the London
Electrical Society. (This same body had
printed Crosse's reports in 1837) Aside
from minor notices, the work of Weekes
did not attract the attention of the world
in the way Crosse's had. There was
modest coverage in the scientific jour-
nals but no public denunciations of
Weekes were heard.
Little is known about William Henry
Weekes aside from his scientific activ-
ities. Details of the doctor's life are so
hazy that even the date of his death is
uncertain; it appears be died in 1847. In
Sandwich he is remembered for accept-
ing the post of municipal doctor and
male midwife of St. Mary's parish for
less moncy than his collcagues would ac-
cept. During his lifetime Weekes
published 20 scientific papers dealing
with meteorology, electricity and
The Acari of Crosse and Weekes have
an interesting tangential relationship to
the beginnings of the scientific theory
of evolution. The controversy of 1837
over the Acari came to the attention of
an Edinburgh publisher, Robert
Chambers. Chambers had an abiding
interest in natural history and the Acari
affair suggested to him that there might
be physical (i.c., nondivine) origins of
Life. Chambers came to admire Andrew
Crosse as a man and as a scientist.
Crosse received favorable mention in
Chambers" Edinburgh magazine and
later was mentioned again in Chambers'
The Book of Days (1864).
In 1844 an anonymously authored
book entitled Vestiges of the Narural
History of Creation appeared. This
book propounded the theory that life on
earth was much older than the
chronology of the Bible would allow. It
further postulated various quasi-
evolutionary ideas of how life began and
developed into the vast array of forms
that now cover the carth. Like Darwin's
magnum opus The Origin of Species
(1859), Vestiges was denounced as the
work of an incorrigible atheist. One
famous reviewer, Sir David Brewster,
said of Vestiges and its author: "We are
CAN SCIENCE CREATE LIFE?
unwilling to charge our author with a
various cause, is not philosophical and
systematic attempt to undermine the
therefore deserves no consideration."
foundations of natural and revealed
By the fourth edition of Vestiges
religion—-but we should ill discharge the
(1846), Chambers had greatly amended
duties of our calling, were we to con-
his text. Instead of the cautious support
ceal the opinion that every individual
of the above passage, he came out in full
speculation which his work contains and
acceptance of the validity of the Acarl
the entire hypothesis which it is written
as artificial creatures and chided the
to support have a direct tendency to
scientific community for its continued
expel the Almighty from the universe he
disregard of this most interesting
chapter of nature's mysteries."
This is reminiscent of the charge—of
By the time Robert Chambers finally
being a materialist and self-imagined
owned up to his authorship of Vestiges
creator-that was so vehemently burled
he was so unhappy over the reception
it had received he vowed he would never
The author of Vestiges turned out to
write anything like it again. Chambers
be Robert Chambers, In an early edition
was not a scientist and Vestiger reflected
of his book Chambers makes oblique
the intuitive groping of an intellectuni
references to Crosse's experiments. In
wrestling with revolutionary ideas
a chapter called Vestiges of Creative
beyond the author's limited knowledge.
Law" the Acari are used as evidence
Today Chambers is rightly considered
thai life can result from combinations
an honorable forerunner of Darwin. It
of chemicals under the stimulus of a
is a fact that in editions of Vestiges
natural force like electricity. The first
issued after 1859, references to Crosse,
editions of Vestiges included as appen-
Weekes and the Acari have been edited
dices two letters from W. H. Weekes
out. Whether this was to make the book
describing his work with the Acari since
sec more scientific (and less credulous)
his last reports to the London Electrical
or simply to tighten the prose, no ope
Society. Realizing the skepticism inher-
but Chambers can say.
ent against the Acari, Chambers wrote:
The University Library of Cambridge
**If this new presentment of the Acarus
has in its possession the Reading
Crossi shall still excite ridicule, 1 can
Notebooks of Charles Darwin for the
only regret the mood of mind from
years 1838 to 1860. The notebooks con-
which that ridicule arises; but the op-
sist of monthly listings by Darwin of the
posite party must excuse my attaching
books he had read or intended to read.
no importance to anything besides fact
We know from these listings that Dar-
argument.
These alleged
win read Vestiges on or by November
phenomena are open, like all others, to
20, 1844; he also read the Explanations
the test of counter-experiment. Let them
"by the author of Vestiges" in carly
be subjected to it in the most rigid man-
1845. Still later Darwin obtained the
ner, and set aside in the case of failure.
sixth edition of Vestiges which is on his
But to meet them merely with scoffs and
reading list for August 1847.
jests, or by the most, certain wholly
The influence and relationship of
gratuitous assumptions as to a possibly Chambers' work to Darwin's is both ob-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1107, "chars": 6787, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
FATE
vious and widely acknowledged. What
it because it is absurd.)
is even more interesting, from the point
Even if we disregard che anomalous
of view of Andrew Crosse's exper-
existence of the Acari, as history and
iments, is that Darwin was a devoted
science have done, the controversy
reader of the works of Harriet Mar-
involving Andrew Crosse was one of the
tineau. He read no fewer than six of her
carliest examples of the kind of
books between November 1842 and
confrontation increasingly common
August 1852. As the Faraday debacle
today: namely, the extent to which
showed, Crosse is a major part of Mar-
science can intrude on the moral and
tineau's Book V in A History of the
religiou beliefs of society. How far
Thirty Years Peace.
should we allow science to go in
All this raises some tantalizing ques-
penetrating the secrets of life? There
tions. Darwin must have known about
were no easy answers in Crosse's day
the Acari. What did he think of them?
and there are none today.
How much credence did he give to
What were the true origins of the
them? Did Darwin, however faintly,
consider the Acari as evidence that life
Despite the rapid advance of science
could originate in a purely physical
into the world of DNA and genetic
fashion? It is ironic to think that Darwin
engincering (worlds Andrew Crosse
may have been the inheritor of the
never dreamed of, it is still considered
burden of vituperation for impious
impossible to create living, complex
materialism first put upon Andrew
organisms from simple chemicals by
Crosse and Robert Chambers. From
means of electricity.
Crosse, to Weekes, to Martineau, to
In 1934 biologist A. C. Oudemans
Chambers, to Darwin—the unwanted
explained the Acari of Crosse and
Acari may have contributed more to
Weekes as an infestation of the ordinary
science than most people realize.
Glycophagus domesticus which can
Andrew Crosse died on July 6, 1855.
penetrate seemingly hermetically sealed
at home in his own bed. His second wife
containers. This theory has been sur-
Cornelia Burns Crosse published a small
facing periodically ever since 1837 but
book on his life two years later, It was
the reported observations of Crosse,
entitled Memorials, Scientific and
Weekes and other witnesses fatly rule
Literary, of Andrew Crosse, the Elec-
it out. The Acuri were plainly seen fo
trician. In the years following his death,
develop under the surface of the silicate
Crosse became a semilegendary figure
solutions, always on the current-
in his neighborhood; he
Was
carrying wires. Once emerged from the
remembered as *the thunder and
fluid the Acari would drown if they fell
lightning man." He lies buried in the
back in. Exhibiting characteristics
churchyard of St. Mary's chapel in
unique to themselves, the Acari cannot
Broomfield. The stone obelisk which
be explained away as common mites,
marks his grave is said to have been
faulty observation, bad technique or
struck by lightning twice although
fraud. The only man to duplicate
higher more accessible targets are near- Crosse's experiments, Dr. Weekes, suc-
by. Credo quia absurdam esr. (I believe ceeded. No doubt his work also can be
CAN SCIENCE CREATE LIFE?
85
dismissed as faulcy by the skeptical. The
names bestowed on them survives in
alternative is just too disturbing to
modern biological nomenclature, not
entertain. And who would dream of
even Turpin's Acarus horridus. The fate
taking the trouble to replicate the exper-
of the Acari is symbolic of what hap-
iment today?
pens to a discovery no one really
Of the Acari, nothing remains except
wants—it is consigned to history's
the papers describing them. None of the
dustbin and forgotten..
HYPNOSIS AND THE NOVELIST
By Michael Goss
\ FTER THE end of World War I
ly fragments of the original an a result
_ Heinrich Gerlach returned to Ge
of Schmitz's treatments and he insisted
many, leaving behind him in the
that perhaps as much as five-sinths of
Siberian camp where he had been a
the novel came from his research and
prisoner of war the draft of a novel on
interviews with other prisoners of war
the
Stalingrad campaigo.
This
upon their liberation from Russian
manuscript, the product of his intern-
camps.
ment, had been confiscated by the Rus-
The case revolved around the
sian
Secret Service, but there was
perplexing question as to the validity of
nothing to prevent him from rewriting
any contract signed while the signatory
his book - except that he found
is under cither hypnosis or the influence
himself unable to reconstruct it.
f posthypnotie suggestion. Obviously,
Then he came upon the name of
fit could be shown that the terms of
71-year-old Munich paychotherapist
the contract were such that the subject
and hypnorist Dr.
Karl Schmitz.
would not have appended his name in
Together they agreed to try to dredge
a normal waking state, if it could be
up the lost novel from the depths of
proved that hypnotic suggestion had
Gerlach's memory with the hypnotic
mampulated him into a situation in
regression technique. They were suc-
which he was unable to exercise his
cessful; the last of 23 sestions took place
customary judgment and acumen, the
on July 30, 1931.
signature mcant nothing and the con-
Six years later, after Gerlach's novel
tract was nullified.
But was there
had been published in Germany as The
evidence that the hypnotized Gerlach
Forsaken Army and ranked as a best-
had been coerced or maneuvered into
seller. Dr. Schmitz came forward to
signing away 20 percent of his royaltics?
claim 20 percent of the royalties. He
Was it feasible to imply he had done so
had a contract dating from the final
against his will and only as a conse-
hypnosis session in which these terms
quence of an hypootic instruction?
were formally set out — and Gerlach's
Eventually the court decided that the
signature on it was prominent. While
answer to both questions was negative.
the author could scarcely deny this fact,
Their ruling was based largely on the
he stated that he had no memory of ever
evidence of graphologists working for
having signed such an agreement. Had
Lower Saxony's Criminal Department
he done so as a result of the doctor's
who stated that the Gerlach signature
hypnotic suggestion?
had been written in a normal sate of
That was only one of the questions
consciousness. This meant that in their
the Seventh Civil Chamber
opinion the signatory Gerlach had not
District Court of Oldenburg, Germany,
been hypnotized into making the agroc-
had to decide. Gerlach was also argu-
ment. On the strength of this, Schmitz's
in that the hypnotic sessions had not
claim was settled for 9500 marks — at
been responsible for The Forsaken Ar-
the contemporary rare of exchange, •
my. He claimed that he had recalled on-
little under $3000.
116
Toda nt. 17081 7. FATE
REPORT FROM THE READERS

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1054, "chars": 6855, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
116
St. Madonna's Temple of Light
5 Queslions Ans
In depth Trance Reading, 310.
On Cassette Tope. 820
Sand stamped. seit-addressed
envelope Birthdale and onoto
REV. JENNIE EASTERLING
406 S. Popiar
Kanakes. IL 60101
LUCKY NUMBERS
Specially acianed in sehrations of sour name and he
dates that you use the numhere Waw will rocee threr
(Ne number for each week. cnnering 12 mecks. JAs
dass, ur an care luture year Lise numbers when you
please and waich the results: Only S Do with Mamped
and elcarty seli-addrewed miurn emelipe
NAMErology. Dept. SF
P.O. Bor 430Г. Mountain View. CA 94040
* LEADING NEW ENGLAND
PSYCHOMETRIST & MEDIUM
Reading on casselle tape.
Send 3 handwritten •
Questions, $15
CEIL LEWONCHUK
210 St James Ave.
Springfiald, MA 01109
ADVERTISE IN FATE!
FATE reaches more readers and can be
more profitable than any similar magazine
- at proportionately lower cost. Write for
advertising rales today!
Advertising Dir. - FATE Magezine
500 Hyacinth Place
Highland Park, IL 60035
KARMIC ASTROLOGY
Let me help you end confusion
and uncertainty in your life. I will
reveal keys that can brighten your
future with abundant love, new
prosperity and greater zest. Send
for my free POSTAL READINGS
BROCHURE which explains my
personal services. c
REV. BRIAN SEABROOK
P.O. Box 4055
Scottsdale, AZ 85261
- 123817. FATE
predictions with apparent con-
fidence:** What about the predictive certainty
of two strangers" identical premonitory
About five years ago, when I was living in
Callf., south of Senta Barbara,
I had a particularly gripping dream of a tidal
wave. I dreamed 1 was standing halfway up
a 100-foot ocean bluff in a residential area
in Long Beach and the ominous atmosphere
of the dream was heightened by a line of men
on horses along the top of the cliff. Suddenly
*It's coming over
Catalinal" Catalina is a mountainous off-
shore island about 1000 feet high. When J
awoke I felt as if I had been held in a vise.
I have now moved to within three blocks
of the bluff in my dream and a few weeks
ago a young doctor newly moved in pest door
stopped me to commical on the then-
happening earthquakes in Coalinga in central
"Coalinga borders on Kettleman Hills, oue a
of the greatest United States oil fields, " J
commented, "Draining all that oil leaves a
huge hole below. No wonder she carth settles
and we have quakes.
"Same thing may happen in Long Beach
with all of its oil wells," he replied, then
continued, "You know, I've been having a
strange recurring dream, I dream a lidal wave
comes over here and it is so high thar the
water hits halfway up that 16-stary con-
dominium over there on the bluff. Water
high cnough to come over Catalina's moun-
tains (as in my dream) would indeed risc
halfway up the condominium.
Two strangers five years apart and in
different areas baving dreams of a tidal wave
of such proportions and in the same place
(the place to which they subsequenily moved)
predictive certainty.—Evofyn B.
Ferine Long Beach, Caffr
CAN MA BELL CREATE LIFE?
Paul B. Thompson's article "Can Science
Create Life?" (January 1983 FATE) remunds
me of something I learned from a friend who
has boca a telephone operator for more than
13 years. Originally she was trained and
worked on the old cord boards for Illinois
Bell Telephone Company but now she works
at the newer consoics.
Some time ago she told me about the "cord
lice" which caused the operators to itch and
REPORT FROM THE READERS
scratch while working the boards. The lice
were little white dots which appeared on the
elephane cords. At various times, she told
ine, the telephone company sprayed the cords
with insecticide which indicates the man-
agement was aware of the problem.-
Leonard D. Bergman, Chicago, I.
T. LOBSANG RAMPA: THE TRUTH
In "Report from the Readers' (June 1983
T. Vandeventer disputes T.
Lobsang Rampa's migration from Ireland to
Canada-but your correspondent
Dr. and Mrs. Rampe did indeed Live in
Ireland before moving to Canada. We were
friends of theirs when they came to Windsor,
Ontario, and we saw pictures of their house
• in Ireland.—H. W'., Toronto, Ont., Canada,
W. T. Vandeventer's statement, "T
Lobsang Rampa was a Tibetan in exile,'
should not pass unchallenged because it is
totally untrue.
By lifting layer after layer of falsehood we
can uncover the genesis of this person. He
was an Englishman, son of a Devon plumber;
he was christened Cyril Henry Hoskins.
While in the employ of a London travel
bureau, Hoskins decided that he was actually
Chinese and he had tus name legally changed
to Suan or somcthing similar. To fit his
appearance to his new name, he donned
Oriental robes and confronted his employer
with the demand that be henceforth be
addressed by his Chinese name. The result?
He was summarily dismissed.
Lacking steady employment, Hoskins
became dependent on the carnings of his wife
who was a nurse. As their standard of living
declined, they moved lower on the social scale
117
MALVA DEE
"Canada's Leading
Psychometrist
and
Aura Analyst"
CAN SHE HELP YOU?
"YE:** wy the many cliene she has served or year
and who cordinue do sochum her unmal cianty
percéptinn.
For your aura, truly the hernmeier of your anul,
and plain.
For wur paychomerry, send famile Hobie pastag-
You may he
•maced at ine difference these
bring into your bie.
For each in-depth analyan. en-
cine 513 centrihulin sc
MALVA DEE
P.O. Box 40. Waintiaet, Ontario
Canada LOS 1VO
AKASHIC READING
Amazing imprassians of your two past lives, telling
who, what and where you"
Mare -yourloves, talents.
alc. Send 230.
photo retumed and birth date, place.
REV. E HESSEL, P.O.B. 79, BROOKLYN, HT 11207
Insight Into Your Problems
Clients My. "AMAZING RESULTS-
3 quesions answered 55.00.
Postage apprecialed
Problems of weli-bring happines
Tinances? Prayer words wonders.
Miniserial coumel thru prayer $12.00.
REV. JEANETTE MOLUS
P.O.B. 188 MORTHHIDGE CA 91328
SUBSCRIBERS-Please Note
Occasionally Fate rents Its subscriber lists to
select mailers with worthwhile Fare-type offers
In every
case we divulge only
narras
and
addresses. Our policy is to remove from the rental
lists the names of those averse to mailings. If you
wish your name removed, pisase notily us and
enciose a mailing label from a recent Fatt issue.
FATE Circulation Mgr
500 Hyacinih PL, Highland Park, IL 60035
ARE YOU READY FOR A SOUL READING?
GRACE WITTENBERGER has been skilifully trained by Teachers in
the Expanded Mental Dimensions of Life. By means of her highly
developed intuition They channel responses of enlightenment and
instruclion to such questions as "Why did I incamate? Why am I
having these experiences? How can I grow into alignment with my
Soul's purposas for this Illetime?" A Soul Reading is for the serious
spiritual growth.
send sell-addressed,
stamped, #10 envelope to:
Cosmic Energy and Man Aligned
Grace Wittenberger . #226
4650 Keater, Sharman Oaks, CA 91403
