{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:39:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 196852, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125283-cejka-patent-2082165.pdf", "source_sha256": "e5abbb5669c8d00bfaa92220505a1cb205fc9539cfb0f43e5bb33434d0f9a2fb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 210, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
2,082,165

J.D. LE VAN

GASEOUS DISCHARGE RECTIFIER

June 1, 1937.

Original Filed Oct. 8, 1932

Sy

(
7, *
weve te
“ S55 rh Th EE UTE aA eh 5 , HY

WLI

18°

INVENTOR

VANES D. LE VAN

by

ber | Gyn

ATTORNEY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 882, "chars": 5549, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Patented June 1, 1937
2,082,165
UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE
2,082,165
GASEOUS DISCHARGE RECTIFIER
James D. Le Van, Belmont, Mass.,
assignor to
Raytheon
Production
Corporation, Newton,
Mass., a corporation of Delaware
Application October 8, 1932,
Serial No. 636,852
Renewed October 30, 1936
8 Claims. (Cl. 250-27.5)
This invention relates to a gaseous discharge
In order to reduce the losses in my tube and to
rectifler, and more particularly to a rectifier in
lower the voltage drop at the cathode, I provide
which a glow discharge takes place between a
my cathode with a novel electron-emissive coat-
cathode having an extended area and an anode of
ing.
This coating is of the general type which
• limited area.
An object of my invention is to provide such
includes the use of an alkaline earth metal. In 5
order to form my novel coating, the tube may be
a rectifier having a low voltage drop, long life,
arranged and treated as
foliows.
One of the
and low value of back current.
standards, for example 6, is extended above the
The foregoing and other objects of my inven-
cathode 4, and carries at its upper end a capsule
10 tion will be best understood from the following
I0 containing a mixture which liberates an alkali 10
description of an exemplification thereof, ref-
metal upon heating.
The mixture is preferably
erence being had to the accompanying drawing,
calcium
and caesium
chloride.
The caesium
wherein:
chloride could be replaced by rubidium chloride,
The single figure is a cross-sectional view of an
or a mixture of both chlorides could also be used.
Ió embodiment of my invention,
together with a
The cathode is first heated by some suitable 15
diagrammatic representation of a circuit in which
means, such as high frequency induction, before
said invention may be used.
any evacuation of the envelope i is had.
This
The device as illustrated consists of an envelope
heating continues until the cup begins to oxidize,
1, which may be constructed of glass or the like,
which oxidation takes place roughly at about 600°
20 containing a gas preferably of the monatomic
C.
The exhaust tube I! is then connected to a 20
group, for example helium.
The envelope has a
suitable vacuum pump which is set in operation
reentrant stem 2 carrying a press 3 at its upper
to evacuate the envelope l..
At the same time
end.
The press 3 supports a cathode 4 and an
the tube is baked in an oven at 400° C. for about
anode 5.
The cathode 4 is preferably con-
ten minutes. The cathode 4 is again heated by
25 structed of thin copper drawn into the shape of
high frequency induction to about 750° C., at 25
a cup.
Of course any other shape which gives an
which all surplus gases are driven off said cathode.
extended operating surface for the anode could
After this operation has taken place, a thin layer
likewise be used.
The cathode 4 is
supported
of cuprous oxide will remain on the copper of the
from the press 3 by means of two wire standards
cathode.
The tube is then allowed to cool for
30 6 and 1 sealed at their lower ends into said press
about three minutes, and the capsule 10 is then
30
3 and securely fastened to the sides of the cathode
heated by high frequency induction until the
4 by some sultable means, such as, Ior exampie,
mixture in the capsule is "flashed".
This flash-
being welded thereto.
The anode 5 consists of
ing liberates the alkali metal within the capsule
a small metal rod of nickel, tantalum, iron, or any
10. The cuprous oxide having a very strong
3б
other suitable refractory metal, and is sealed at
affinity for said alkali metal will react therewith, 35
its lower end in the press 3.
The cathode has
and cause a thin film of said metal to deposit on
formed in its lower wall an aperture or opening
the cuprous oxide.
After the alkali metal coat-
8 through which the anode 5 may actually project
ing has been formed on the cathode, the tube is
or be merely presented to the interior of the cath-
10
ode.
In order to limit the discharge to the end
filled with an ionizable atmosphere, preferably a
monatomic gas, such as helium, at a pressure sut- 40
of the anode and the interior of the cathode, I
ficient to support an ionizing discharge between
provide a sleeve or shield 9 sealed in the press,
the cathode and anode.
Such a pressure is pref-
surrounding the anode 5 and projecting through
erably 20 mm. of mercury in the case of helium,
the opening 8 in the cathode.
'This sleeve is prei-
although pressures lying between 10 mm. and
I erably formed of a metal, such as specified for
25 mm. of mercury are satisfactory. The ex- 45
the anode.
There is no metallic conductive con-
haust tube If may then be sealed off. I have
nection between this sleeve and either the anode
found that a cathode prepared in this manner has
or cEthode.
The diameters of the opening 8 in
an exceptionally low voltage drop or voltage loss,
the cathode, the sleeve 3, and the anode 5 are
together with an exceptionally long life.
Such
• such that the clearance between juxtaposed sur-
a coating is very stable even in the presence of 50
faces is preferably of the order of or less than the
comparatively heavy discharges which may occur
mean free path of electrons present in the gas,
in the device. In a typical tube having a cathode
thus providing an insulating short space between
prepared as herein described, I have found that
each of these members so that a discharge can
with a given value of load current, the inside area
• occur only as stated above.
of the cathode could be figured approximately as 55
Digitized by Google

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1080, "chars": 7038, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
one square inch for each fifty milliamperes of
peak load current.
I have found that silver in the place of copper
gives equally good results.
Thus whenever
I
5 mention copper, it is to be understood that silver
may also be used.
Instead of forming an oxide
layer on the cathode, a layer of sulphide can
also be used.. The sulphide could be formed by
any suitable method.
I prefer, however, to form
10 this sulphide by holding the cathode over a
quantity
ammonium
sulphide.
There
15
enough hydrogen sulphide in the vapor arising
from the ammonium sulphide to react with the
copper, giving a thin coating of copper sulphide.
15 After the coating has thus been formed and the
cathode mounted within the envelope, the rest
of the procedure is approximately the same as
for the oxide coating as given above.
In many tubes of the general type involved, the
20 voltage drop at the cathode has risen gradually
during the life of the tube, thus greatly lowering
the efficiency thereof.
This has been due, at
least partly, to the fact that some of the anode.
metal is vaporized during
operation,
and
de-
25 posits upon the electron-emissive surfaces of the
cathode,
increasing its voltage drop
and de-
creasing the life of the tube. In order to elimi-
nate this effect,
I mount my anode so that its
upper end lies below the top of the sleeve 9.
30 Thus any metal which is vaporized therefrom 1s
deposited on the inner walls of the sleeve and
cannot escape to be deposited upon the walls of
the cathode.
Since my device is to operate as &
rectifier, it is desirable that the back current
35 be kept as low as possible.
I have found that
by placing the anode wholly within the sleeve
9, as stated above, the back current is greatly
reduced.
Such an arrangement operates very
satisfactorily, it being merely necessary to take
40 care that the anode should be clean before it is
inserted into the tube.
I have also found that
the sleeve 9 formed of metals such as specified,
does not vaporize to any appreciable degree, and
therefore does not tend to increase the cathode
45 drop.
The tube may be provided with the usual in-
sulating base
12 carrying the contact prongs
13 and 14.
A conductor 15 leads from one of
the cathode standards 6 to one of the contact
50 prongs 13, and a conductor
16 leads from the
anode 5 to the other contact prong 14. The
tube may be connected in any sultable circuit,
preferably a rectifying circuit which may be, for
example, such as that shown diagrammatically
55
in the drawing.
This circuit consists of & source
of A. C. 1T connected to the primary 18 of a
transformer 19.
The secondary 20 of said trans-
former has one terminal thereof connected to
one of the contact prongs 13:
The other ter-
60
minal of said secondary 20 is connected through
a sultable output or load device 21 to the other
of said contact prongs 14,
Upon supplying A. C.
from the source 17, a rectifled direct current will
flow through said output device 21.
65
This invention is not limited to the particular
details of construction, materlals or processes de-
scribed above,
as many equivalents will suggest
themseives to those skilled in the art. It is ac-
cordingly desired that the appended claims be
70 given a broad interpretation commensurate with
the scope of the invention within the art.
What is claimed Is:
1. A gaseOus
discharge device comprising &
hermetically-sealed envelope containing an ioniz-
75 able gas, a glow discharge cathode of extended
8,088,165
area and an anode, said electrodes being adapted
to support an fonizing discharge through said
gas,
sald cathode having its operating surface
formed of copper, a layer of copper oxide there-
on and an alkali metal deposited on said layer, &
said operating surface being electron-emitting,
said cathode being provided with an aperture,
a reentrant stem carrying a press, a rod-shaped
anode sealed in said press and presented to said
electron-emitting surface through said aperture, 10
a metal sleeve surrounding said anode from said
press to & point sufficiently above the upper end
of said anode to prevent material vaporized from
said anode from escaping from said sleeve and
extending through said aperture, said sleeve be- 15
ing insulated from said cathode and anode and
spaced from said anode and the sides
of said
aperture an insulatingly short distance, said
sleeve being open at its upper end to allow a
discharge to pass between said electron-emitting
20
surface and anode.
2. A gaseous discharge device comprising a her-
metically-sealed envelope containing an ioniz-
able gas, a glow discharge cathode of extended
area and an anode, said electrodes being adapted 25
to support an jonizing discharge through said
gas, said cathode having its operating surface
formed of an oxidizable metal, a layer of oxide
thereon, and an alkali metal deposited on sald
layer,
said operating surface being electron- 30
emitting, said cathode being provided with an
aperture, & reentrant stem carrying a press, a
rod-shaped anode sealed in said press and pre-
sented to said electron-emitting surface through
• said aperture, a metal sleeve surrounding said 35
anode
from said press to a point sufficiently
above the upper end of said anode to prevent
material vaporized from said anode from escap-
ing from sald sleeve and extending through said
aperture, said sleeve being insulated from said 40
cathode and anode and spaced from said anode
and the sides of said aperture an insulatingly
short distance, said sleeve being open at its up-
per end to allow & discharge to pass between
said electron-emitting surface and anode.
45
3. A gaseous discharge device comprising
hermetically-sealed envelope containing an ion-
Izable gas, a glow discharge cathode of extended
area and an anode, sald electrodes being adapted
to support an lonizing discharge through sald 50
gas, said cathode having its operating surface
formed of copper, a layer of a compound of cop-
per thereon, and an alkali metal deposited on
said layer, sald operating surface being electron
emitting, said cathode being provided with an
55
aperture, a reentrant stem carrying a press, a
rod-shaped anode sealed in said press and pre-
sented to said electron-emitting surface through
said aperture, and a metal sleeve surrounding
said anode from said press to a point sufficiently
60
above the upper end of said anode to prevent
material vaporized from said anode from escap-
ing from said sleeve and extending through said
aperture, said sieeve being insulated from sald
cathode and anode and spaced from said anode 65
and the sides of said aperture an insulatingly
short distance, sald sleeve being open at its up-
per end to allow a discharge to pass between sald
electron-emitting surface and anode.
4. A gaseous discharge device comprising a 70
hermetically-sealed envelope containing an ion-
izable gas, & glow discharge cathode of extended
area, and an anode, said electrodes being adapted
to support an ionizing discharge through said
gas, said cathode having its operating surface 75
Digitized by Google

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 692, "chars": 4534, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2,082,168
formed of copper, a layer of oxide thereon and
in said stem and presented to said electron-emit-
caesium deposited on said layer, said operating
ting surface through sald aperture, a metal
surface being electron emitting, said cathode be-
sleeve surrounding said anode from said stem to
ing provided with an aperture, & reentrant stem
a point adjacent the upper end of said anode,
5
carrying a press, & rod-shaped anode sealed in
said sleeve being spaced from sald anode and the 5
said press and presented to said electron-emit-
sides of said aperture an insulatingly short dis-
ting surface through said aperture, and a metal
tance, said sleeve being open at its upper end to
sleeve surrounding said anode from said press to
allow a discharge to pass between said electron-
a point sufficiently above the upper end of said
emitting surface and said anode.
10 anode to prevent material vaporized from said
7. A gaseous discharge device comprising an 10
anode from
escaping from said sleeve and ex-
envelope containing an ionizable gas, a glow dis-
tending through said aperture, said sleeve be-
charge cathode, and an anode, said electrodes
ing insulated from said cathode and anode and
being adapted to support an ionizing discharge
spaced from said anode and the sídes of said
15 aperture an insulatingly short distance,
said
through said gas, said cathode having its oper-
ating surface formed of a metal, a layer of an 15
sleeve being open at its upper end to allow a
oxide thereon, and an alkali metal deposited on
discharge to pass between said electron-emit-
said layer, said operating surface being electron-
ting surface and anode.
emitting,
said cathode being provided with an
5. A gaseous discharge device comprising a
aperture, a stem, an anode sealed in said stem
20 hermetically-sealed envelope containing an in-
and presented to said electron-emitting surface 20
ert gas at a pressure of the order of 20 mm. of
through said aperture, a metal sleeve surrouna-
mercury, a glow discharge cathode of extended
ing said anode from sald stem to a point adja-
area and an anode, said electrodes being adapted
cent the upper end of said anode, said sleeve
to support an ionizing discharge through said
being spaced from said anode and the sides of
25
gas, said cathode having its operating surface
said aperture an insulatingly short distance, said 25
formed of an oxidizable metal, a layer of oxide
sleeve being open at its upper end to allow a dis-
thereon and an alkali metal deposited on said
charge to pass between said electron-emitting
layer, said operating surface being electron emit-
surface and said anode.
ting, said cathode being provided with an aper-
8. A gaseous discharge device comprising an
30 ture, & reentrant stem carrying a press, a rod-
envelope containing an ionizable gas, a glow 30
shaped anode sealed in said press and presented
discharge cathode, and an anode, said electrodes
to said electron-emitting surface through said
being adapted to support an lonizing discharge
aperture, and & metal sleeve surrounding said
through said gas, said cathode having its oper-
anode, said sleeve being insulated from said cath-
ating surface formed of copper, a layer of cop-
35 ode and anode and spaced from said anode an
per oxide thereon, and an alkali metal deposited 35
insulatingly short distance, said sleeve being
on said layer, said operating surface being elec-
open at its upper end to allow a discharge to pass
tron-emitting, said cathode being provided with
between said
electron-emitting surface and
an aperture, a stem, an anode sealed in said
40
anode.
stem and presented to said electron-emitting
6. A gaseous discharge device comprising an
surface through said aperture, a metal sleeve 40
envelope containing an ionizable gas, a glow dis-
surrounding said anode from said stem to a point
charge cathode, and an anode, said electrodes
adjacent the upper end of said anode, said sleeve
being adapted to support an fonizing discharge
being spaced trom said anode and the sides of
through said gas, said cathode having its operat-
said aperture an insulatingly short distance, said
45 ing surface formed of a metal, a layer of a com-
sleeve being open at its upper end to allow a 45
pound of said metal thereon, and an alkali metal
discharge to pass between said electron-emitting
deposited on said layer, said operating surface
surface and said anode.
being electron-emitting, sald cathode being pro-
JAMES D. LE VAN.
vided with an aperture, a stem, an anode sealed
Digitized by Google
