{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:31:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1377526, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125262-cejka-tesla-inventor-ahead-of-his-time.pdf", "source_sha256": "33ee71450985c8db0c04ceaebfa07026a09ca56f844222d4cfd64e2d249242f5"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 685, "chars": 4379, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Teala
INVENTOR AHEAD OF HIS TIME
by Arnold T. Schwab
Portrait of an eccentric genius, born 100 years ago,
whose inventions ushered in the electronic age.
THE CENTENARY of the birth of Nikola Tesla, one of the most
remarkable geniuses of all time, has revived interest in the
man who probably did more than anyone else to introduce the
electronic age. A memorial to Tesla was recently unveiled in
New York City, where he spent most of his life and did his most
famous work: the American Institute of Electrical Engineers held
a session honoring his memory: and several science magazines
devated artieles to him.
Despite this recognition, an excellent full-length biography by
John J, O'Neill and the formation of the Tesla Society, which has
published an extensive bibliography of writings by and about him,
Tesla remains little more than a name to the American public:
Surely he is not so well known as Thomas Edison, Alexander
Graham Bell or even Charles Steinmetz, though many scientists
would rank him above these inventors.
This is an undeserved fate for a man who discovered how to
use the alternating current that powers modern industry; who
conducted pioneer experiments in fluorescent lighting. reidio com-
munication, radio remote control, robots and high-frequency heat
therapy and who invented dynamos, transformers, induction coils,
condensers and are and incandescent lamps. Scores of his inven-
tions, indeed, are yet to be utilized.
Nikola Terla was born July 10, 1856, in the Austro-Hungarian
hamlet of Smiljan, now part of Yugoslavia. His father was the
village pastor and something of n poet, Nikola's mother, a member
of a cultured family, never learned to rend and write because she
had assumed moat of her blind mother's heavy duties at home and
was too busy: nevertheless, she created many labor-saving devices
for her household, and could recite from memory thousands of
verses of Serbian poetry and long passages from the Bible. Nikola
himself had a photographic mind. He found it easy to learn Ger-
man, French. Italian and (eventually) English.
None too robust in his youth, he nearly lost his sight from too
attended college at Carlstadt in Croatin, where he was an greatly
impressed by the demonstrations in physies that he decided to
make electrical engineering his life work. His father thought
Nikola too frail for this career, but finally relented.
In 1875, at the age of 19, Tesla went to Gratz, Austria, to study
at the Polytechnic Institute. During his second year there he
watched the operation of a piece of electrical equipment, a Gramme
direct current mochine. Why not use alternating current, Tesla
suggested, to eliminate the commutator, where so much sparking
took place? The professor scoffed at the iden, comparing it to a
perpetual-motion scheme. But Tesla kept on thinking about the
problem during a year of studying mathematics and physics at
the University of Praguc, and afterward while working on tele
phone installations in Budapest for the Hungarian government.
His mind, with its unique visualizing powers, became a prodigiou
storehouse of textbooks, formulas and equations — even logarithms.
One late afternoon in February 1882, he was walking in e
Budapest park when the solution suddenly occurred to him in a
vision: The rotating magnetie-field principle would operate an
alternating current motor! In the next two months he worked
out in his mind every phase of the revolutionary operation, con-
structing mental images of the design of dynamos, motors, trans-
formers and other apparatus necessary for a complete AC system.
Later, in Paris - where Tesla was a trouble-shooter for the
Continental Edison Company - his attempts to sell his invention
were unsuccessful, even though the model he built worked just
an he had imagined it would. No one else could foresee the ma-
chine's unlimited commercial possibilities.
Hoping that Edison himself would help him, the tall, handsome
Tesla, now 27, arrived in New York in 1884 with four centa in
his pocket - his money and baggage had been stolen just before
he left Europe - and a letter of introduction to Edison. The
latter gave him a job, but though Teala proved himself competent,
the arrungement lasted less than a year. The methods and tem-
peraments of the two men were fundamentally different: Edison
worked hy trial and error: Tela tried nothing which he had not
44

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2203, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Testa's fair for the dramatic,
apocalyptie and cecentric as
it wen. was barded up by a
thorosed Amoteceo of nor.
ural forces. At right he recalla
a sensational demonatration
in ashich he allowed pewerful
borata of artificial fightning
la pess harmles through
Ade hody.
Tenlala full gentus won recog-
mised belatedly, although sone
fome come daring his lifetime.
His
esperiments
with AC
made modern industry passi-
ble; his aspentions (some of
which are
cinded condensers, trensfarni-
ors, the
Testa induction pole
ete.
Much of his wort is not
ber anderstood, and the an-
merous experiments of whích
he left no compete recores
are the subject of much scien-
nife speculation today
Tesla also conducted pioneering experiments with mechanical
vibrationa. One of these produced a panic in the neighborhood
of his laboratory and almost resulted in a cutastrophe: His oscil-
lator-induced vibrations shook all the surrounding buildings so
violently, knocking out chunks of plaster and shattering winduws,
that people stacamed out of them, fearing an earthquake. Familiar
with the strange noises that were always emanating from Teila's
laboratory, police officers from headquarters around the corner
rushed there - arriving just in time to see a tall, gaunt figure
smashing a small iron contraption with a eledge hammer. Absorbed
in his studies and unaware of what was happening outcide, Tesla
had suddenly realized that the vibrations inside the building were
46
41500M / February 1957
getting out of control and that only the immediate destruction
of the oseillator would stop them.
During the Spanish-American War, when everyone was talking
about America's great naval victory, Tesla staged a remarkuble
demonstration at Madison Square Garden, He equipped a mocel
boat with radio equipment, placed it in a large tank built in the
center of the arena, and started, steered and lighted the vessel
by remote control. Tesla hoped that this invention would be
used to make man's life easier - not to end it. If there had to
be wars, he wished to have them fought by robots instend of men.
Neither the War Department nor commercial concerns, however,
took any interest; again Tesla was too far ahead of his time.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 984, "chars": 6203, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
previeusly thought out to the Instaletail. Erison attracted boilliant
associates, delegated responsibility to them and stimulated their
best efforts: Tesla was a Ione woll, self-reliant, secretive. More
important, Edison was committed to direct current, which was
used in the incandescent lamps be invented and lighted. He saw
no future in alternating cument and relured to listen to Tesla's
ideas about it.
The darkest year in Testa's life began in the spring of 1886,
when he was forced to work as a common lahorer - the only job
he could get. Finally, however, he persuaded a few men to back
him, and in April 1887 he opened a laboratory in Manhattun.
Then suddenly his fortunes changed: His polyphase AC machinery
was built, tested and patenter before the end of the year. On
May 16, 1858, he delivered a classic lecture before the American
Institute of Electrical Engineers, and in the same year George
Westinghouse, Edison's competitor, paid Tesla $1.000,000 plus
royalties (which Tesla generously waived later, when Westing-
house was in financial difficulties) for the patent rights to his
motor. Considering the number of patents involved and the use
Money was never Tesla's main interest. Indeed, after a dia-
agreement with Westinghouse engineers, he turned down an offer
of $24,000 a year, one-third of the net income of the Westinghouse
company, and his own laboratory. He could have made a fortune
if be had wanted to exploit even a few of his lesser inventions.
It is estimated, too, that his waiver of the royalty provision of
his contract with Westinghouse cost him $12,000,000.
The 1890g were Tesla's palmiest period. He could now con-
centrate on research, and his spectacular experiments with high-
frequency and high-potential currents astounded engineers. Uni-
versities and learned societies of two continents begged him to
lecture. In London and Paris, where he spoke before distinguished
scientists, he was greeted as a hero, New York dowagers constantly
entertained the dapper, eligible bachelor, but no woman ever
played an important part in his life. Inventors, he once said, were
too intense and passionate to give themselves to women; if they
did, they would give all and would have nothing left for their
work. It has been said that he was the only man who ever picked
up and returned, without a word, a handkerchief dropped by
Sarah Bernhardt.
He liked to entertain his guests by taking them to his laboratory
und performing fantastic feats of flame and color with his grotesque
machines. One of his favorite devices was to permit hundreds of
thousands of volts of electricity to pass through his body and
light an object in his hand - without hann to himself, of course.
Yet he had a healthy reapect for clectricity, and when working
with potentially dangerous circuits he always kept one hand in
his pocket so that the current could not pass through both arms
and strike the heart. In his entire career he was injured only once.
social activities and led an increasingly solitary life. His idiosyn-
crasies became more marked. Because of his germ phobin, for
example, he always discarded gloves after wearing them for a
week; he used handkerchiefs and collars only once. At dinner,
which he almost invariably ate alone, he demanded two dozen
napkins, with which he cleaned cach dish and piece of silverware.
He carefully avoided shaking hands with anyone.
He shunned coffee, tea and cocoa, which he considered harmiul,
but drank whiskey, believing that it gave him energy and pro-
longed his life. Prohibition, he remarked, would prevent him from
living longer than 130 year. He claimed that he never got to
bed before 5 a.m, or slept more than two hours a night.
Later, when he used an office during the day, he required that
all the shades be drawn because he felt he did his best work after
dark. The only time he allowed them to be raised was during a
lightning storm, when he would lie on a couch near the open
window, talking excitedly to himself - perhaps envying the power
of nature.
Tesla's two greatest moments of triumph came in the 1890e.
In 1893 the puhlie had its first look at polyphase alternating
current, when Westinghouse used it to light and power the Chicago
World's Fair, Three years later Westinghouse and General Electric
(Edison's old company, now won over to AG), working together
und using Tesla's system, completed the gigontic project of trans-
mitting electric power from Ningara Falls to Buflalo, a distance
of 22 miles. Edison had been able to deliver direct current over
a distance of only one mile. The age of mass production based
on cheap electricity had begun, thanks to Terla.
Meanwhile, on the night of March 13, 1895, just when he was
about to make an important demonstration of wireless commu-
nication, a fire destroyed everything in Tecla's uninaured labora-
tory: apparatus, records, papers, mementos - the work of a life-
time. It practically wiped him out. But financiers came to his
aid, and within n few months he had set up another laboratory.
though he turned down an offer which would have brought him
the full support of J. P. Morgan. Tesla wos too absorbed in his
inventions to worry ahout future needs; eventually, he thought,
he would make the millions his ideas were worth.
Throughout the rest of the decade Tesla concentrated on wire-
less communication. By 1890 he had invented the first electronic
cube designed for use as a detector in a radio system, the fore-
runner of the modern detecting and amplifying tube; now he
succeeded in constructing a transmitter along with a receiver
that was sensitive to its signals over a distance of 25 miles.
Patents he obtained in 1897 contain descriptions of all the basic
features of radio broadeasting and receiving circuits in use today.
His ideas and their practical applications were seemingly in-
exhaustible. One of his most neglected inventions, still unused.
was a earhon-button lamp which gave 20 times more light, for
the same amount of current, than Edison's incandescent filament
lamp. And Tesla's discovery of high-velocity cosmic rays antici-
pated a whole new aren of research which would culminate 30
years later in the work of Millikan and Compton.
45

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1064, "chars": 6469, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hia next important project (he worked on many problems
simultaneously) was to build a high-powered broadcasting station
that would permit the worldwide distribution of power by wireless
methods, Teala thought (correctly) that the earth wos electrically
charged. At Colorado Springs he set up a plant that would add
to the earth's charge so that electricity could be transported
anywhere on the earth's surface without the use of conduits, poles
or wires. It was an Olympian concepc. Tesla considered these
experiments a success, but unfortunately he left almost no written
records about them; he carried everything in his head until he
could complete the project - but he never dia
To facilitate this wireless-power project and an equally stagger-
ing venture, the building of a world broadcasting station, in 1900
Tesin undertook to construct a radio city on Long Island. Many
people thought he was crazy, but J. P. Morgan, who knew what
Teala had accomplished with AC. privately supported him with
gifta which eventually totaled several hundred thousand dollars.
This enahled Tesla to huild a powerhouse and laboratory and
to begin construction of a grotesque-looking broadcasting tower,
some 150 feet high, capped with a giant copper hemisphere.
In 1905, however, Tesla went bankrupt and was forced to close
atomic bomb) that in a lew years it would be possible for nabons
to fight wars with weapons whose destructive action and range
would have virtually no limit. Tela implied, now, that he had
devised a combination wireless-power transmission and death ray
which was beyond anyone's wildest dreams. He never revealed
the principle on which his device was based, but the United States
Government (which had apparently ignored the military possi-
bilities of Tesla's inventiona) took no chances during World War II.
A few hours ofter Tesla died, FBI agents came to his room, opened
his safe and removed the papers it contained to see if they dealt
with any secret weapons. What was found has never been revealed.
In 1938 Tesla claimed that he had developed a method for
interplanefary communication that would allow the transmision
of huge amounts of energy. Perhaps that is why it was suggested
not long ago, now that space travel has become a distinct possi
bility, that the first space station be named for bir. Again, he
left no record of his interstellar theories or experiments.
The last half-dozen years of his life were made easier by a
$7200 yearly grant from the Yugoslav government, which had
establiahed in Belgrade the Tesla Institute, a research laboratory
opened in 1936 in honor of Tela's 80th birthday.
his laboratory before he could complete the tower or begin hroad.
casting. He managed to pay all his creditors but made no attempt
to collect the royalties that the manufacturers of the colla he had
invented - now known as Teala coils - should have paid him.
The rest of his long life was an anticlimax. The millions he
expected to make never materialized because he could not get
the backing he needed to develop his grandiose, fantastic-sounding
ideas. He continued to work on all kinds of inventions (one of
the most important was a rotary turbine engine) but few of them
were successful.
A well deserved honor seemed to be coming to him in 1912,
when it was announced that he and Edison had been chosen to
share the Nahel prize for physies, Despite his need for money,
however, Tesla refused the award and the $20,000 that went with
it. He felt thot Edison was an "inventor" while he himself was a
"discoverer,' and that to accept the prize would confuse the cate-
gories. Then, too, he resented the fact that Marconi (whose work
on radio Tesla had anticipated) hod received the same honor three
years before it was offered to him.
In 1917 Terla was offered the Edison medal, given each year
by the American Institute of Electrical Engineers for outstanding
contributions to electrical art and science. Again he declined be-
cause he believed that the recognition had been too long delayed
(30 years had passed, after all, since he had announced his AC
system) and because he felt that the richly rewarded Edison
would bask in reflected glory since the medal bore his name.
Though Tesla was finally persuaded to accept the honor, he almost
missed the presentation ceremony when he slipped away after the
banquet to feed the pigeons around the New York Publie I wary.
During the 1920s the aging Teala was almost forgotten. He
was atill inventing, but he found himself caught in a vicious
cycle: He wanted to keep his discoveries secret until he had ob-
tained patents, but he would not apply for patents until he had
made actual working models, and he could not afford to make
the models. Sometimes he was hard put to meet his personal
expenses, and at one period he had to move from hotel to hotel
because he was unable to pay his rent. But he remained optimistic
and cheerful. He used to say that no one could understand how
much satisfaction he received from knowing that the producta
of his brain had benefited man.
In the 1930s the startling announcement that Tesla had invented
a death ray sent reporters seurrying to interview him. As early
as the previous decade he had predieted (without foreseeing the
Still, he sometimes got behind with his hotel bills, otten because
of his generosity to those who did him even the slightest service
or who appealed to him for help.
The softest side of his nature was reserved for the pigeons
which he led almost daily. Few people knew that the elderly man
in the old-fnshioned clothes, who scattered birdseed on the grounds
of the New York Publie Library or St, Patrick's Cathedral, was the
once famous Teela. If he was unable to make his usual rounds, he
would hire a Western Union messenger boy to feed the birds.
When the hotel management objected to the dirt brought by the
flocks of pigeons, which had fee entry to his room, he moved.
Not long before his death, which occurred on January 7, 1943,
he confeased to an old friend that for one particular pigeon (a
pure-white one with light-gray tips on its wings) he had felt the
kind of love a man feels toward a woman. He had fed it and
nursed it when it was sick, and when it died, he knew that h
own work was finished. Thus Nikola Tesla had made the wise
discovery of his lahulous career - that man, even a superman of
science, cannot exist without love.
•
Reprinted by NICK BASURA 1974 • 3414 Alice Street • Los Angales, California 90065
