{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-07T14:31:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 27, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 31012722, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304302986028716, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125263-cejka-anti-gravity-power.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541096600000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125263-cejka-anti-gravity-power.pdf", "source_sha256": "bd4d2c441ae45c0550ce7a7bebd5db39550da94d053ead59e03f5bff39390c79"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 15, "chars": 125, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
AN) -GRAVT
POWER

hell= GRAVITY RESEARCH, 8635 Kittyhawk,
Box 734, Los Angeles, California 90045

(ct) 1968 con champe, bsae

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2137, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anti-Gravity Power
INTRODUCHION
Gravity control 1s at the forefront of scientific research today. This document
contains summaries compiled from hundreds of the latest reports by the world's
leading gravity researchers. It contains gravity experiments and theories'It
is hoped that this book will be of some help in the broadcasting of gravity know-
ledge so that this field can be furthered more quickly and lead to a breakthrough
gravity control will be possible within the next 5 years. This prediction was
derived from noting the rapid acceleration of present day scientific technology.
rise. Murtaugh prophesies that a gravity control machine or some new means of
In this report, you will find no formulas pertaining to the measurement of the
gravity field.
Any physics book can give you that information, lou will find
report contains a vast number of theories as to the mechanism of the gravity
effect or some related phenomena which may shed light on the gravity research.
You will find many theories which are in direct conflict with each other in this
report. This must be. Any one of these theories may lead a researcher onto the
evidence exists which will tie some loose ends together and we will grasp the
final product.
This is
because the writer feels that ether theories are not yet a dead issue. Many
effects can be readily understood and accepted if an ether concept is used for
visualization. As a noteworthy item, the assumption of an ether capable of ab-
sorbing a certain minute quantity of energy can be used to predict two effects
derived initially from other considerations. These two effects are: (1) The
extra shift of the elliptical orbit of the planet Mercury predicted from the
ulations show that the centrifugal force of the earth in its orbit would require
a steel cable 5000 miles in diameter to keep it from flying into space. And yet,
"empty space"
holds the sun and the earth together!
phenomena along the way. Therefore, it makes no difference which universe model
is used to derive the equations that will enable us to design a practical gravity
(1)
Cover photo courtesy of Mt Wilson and Mt Palomat

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 300, "chars": 1885, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The more we study gravitation, the more there grows upon us the feeling that
there is something peculiarly fundamental about this phenomenon to a degree
that is unequaled among other natural phenomena. Its independence of the fact-
distance suggest that its roots avoid things superficial and go deep down into
the very essence of matter and space.
A vehicle powered by a gravity control method would actually have only one item
different from present day space craft. This of course is the propulsion system.
vehicle it vould also eliminate inertial effects on the vehicle and the crew!
This would mean unlimited accelerations in any direction including small-radius
turns.
trifugal force so that neither the vehicle nor the passengers would be subject
to uncomfortable strains.
High accelerations could be used to attain relativistic speeds within a reason-
ably short time thereby making possible space travel not only to distant solar
crew members. However, it must be realized that the earth would have gone thru
will be necessary to provide for this time difference.
member may want to have his immediate family with him on a trip to insure reas-
onable adjustment to earth life on his return.
But what of the effect of gravity control machines here on earth? As a starter,
all other forms of transportation would become obsolete. As efficient 3-dimen-
would vanish from our landscape.
Transformation of our cities would be phenomenal and can only be guessed at.
Intra-city transportation would be by air thereby eliminating the need for
streets. No limits on building height would be necessary as deliveries could
Indeed,
cities might not remain at ground level at all, and many may be built as islands
nuclear fusion.
True suburban living would become a reality with most families owning a high-
with little noise and great safety.
These vehicles would produce no air pol-
(2)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1674, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A typical commuter might live 200 miles or more from work in a secluded mountain
setting of his choice.
After morning breakfast, he would stroll to his back
his home itself may be highly mobile with the capability of quickly moving fron
home capable of being moved from a seashore to a favorite mountain lake and then
to a spot along a quiet river or a secluded desert hideaway all within minutes
after the thought occurred to you.
This is well within the capability of a home
built around a gravity control propulsion unit.
Even with the projections of the future we have made here, we have truly barely
scratched the surface of the developments possible with gravity control. As seen
in the classical example of the laser, new inventions have an unpredictability
To those of you who have the necessary funds and ,facilities available for exper-
recommends for familiarization and extension of present knowledge in the anti-
gravity research program. Since the Biefeld-Brown effect seems to be the
simplest approach to gravity control, the Townsend Brown experiments are recom-
mended as a starting point and from there the expansion of the experiments as
far as possible;
(1)
variables necessary to make the unit most efficient.
Construct a 1' to 3' dianeter working model, maximizing
(3) Construct a full-scale prototype!
Anti-Gravity Research organization would be happy to receive any and all theories,
ideas and concepts related to anti-gravity, whether it be only the seedling of
an idea or a long thought out treatise. The author wishes to take this time to
extend his many thanks to those researchers who have been kind enough to allow
harmonize this universe.
(3)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1481, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GRAVITY EXPPRIMENIS
At the beginning of this report are noted a number of experiments which have
seemingly shown some form of gravity control or closely related phenomena.
These might be kept in mind as we delve into the various theories with the
hope that something will mesh together and help us find our goal of a pract-
ical anti-gravity vehicle.
certain experiments which led to the discovery of the phenomenon now known as
inter-relationship of electrical and gravitational fields. This cupling effect
parallelselectricity and magnetism. This means that from the technical and
development and exploitation at least as great as the present electrical in-
dustry. Consider that electromagnetiam is basic to electric generators and
motors, power production and distribution, radio, television, radar, telephones,
etc., and is indispensibly linked to all forms of commercial and other types of
transportation. Then it can be easily seen that the possibility of a parallel
development in the electrogravitation phenomena has almost unlimited prospects!
The original experiments conducted by Townsend Brown, as suggested by Professor
The first startling result was that if placed in free suspension with the poles
toward the positive pole!
When the polarity was reversed, it caused a reversal
*
UNCHARGE D
CHARGED
CHARGED
condenser on a beam balance and then charging it. Upon charging, if the posi-
The experiment is set up as follows:
UNCHARGED
Brown effect.
CHARGED
CHARGED
(4)

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1100, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
effect.
greater the effect.
It is this fifth factor which is unexplainable from the electromagnetic aspect
Now that the basic concept of electrograviation has been presented in the form
The earth creates and is surrounded with a gravitational field which approaches
zero as we go deep into space. This field presses objects and people to the
the utilization of the Biefeld-Brown effect, our vehicle can generate an electro-
gravitational field of its own which modifies the earth's field. This field acts
at the bottom. Our vehicle travels like a surfboard on the incline of a wave
Since the orientation of the field can be controlled, the vehicle can thus travel
on its own continuously generated wave in any desired angle or direction of flight.
a sensited are to co
The method of controlling the flight of the vehicle is illustrated by the following
simple diagrams showing the charge variations necessary to accomplish all directions
of flight;
Foward
Reverse
Down
Foward-Up
Foward-Down
Reverse-Up
Reverse-Down
vehicle is accomplished simply by varying the orientatl on of the positive pole.
(5)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2093, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Control is therefore gained by switching charge position rather than by a
conventional control surface. Since the vehicle is traveling on the incline
tational field, no mechanical propulsion system is necessary,
Once we understand that the horizontal and vertical controls are obtained by
design:
Top
View
1 +
/+
+
Side View
direct lift. Condenser segments around the rim of the vehicle are used here
to provide horizontal thrust and to change direction of travel. Many combin-
ations of resultant forces are possible with this design resulting in a highly
flexible flight mode. Both vertical and horizontal thrust would be regulated
In the course of his experiments, Townsend Brown developed a profile shape which
would be most efficient to shape
the electrogravitational field for maximum
vertical thrust. The final profile that developed was the shape 1llustrated here:
Two Factors that might be of significance in improving the basic condenser effect
are
(1) stacking the condenser plates in series to create an additive effect
and (2) varying the charging frequency to determine the optimum cycling for the
most efficient thrust to power ratio.
Brown has stated that the occupants of a vehicle utilizing the Biefeld-Brown effect
as a propulsion force would feel no stress at all, no matter how sharp the turn
or how great the acceleration. This is because the ship and the occupants and the
cargo are all responding equally to the wave-like distortion of the local grav-
itational field. In other words, all atoms in the immediate vicinity of the field
receive an equal push instead of an externally applied force on each individual
by the gravitational field surrounding the vehicle is that air particles are
caused to move gradually away from the path of the vehicle instead of being
suddenly thrust aside as in the case of a Jet aircraft at supersonic craft.
magazine seemingly utilized the same connection between electricity and
gravity that the Biefeld-Brown effect uses. In his experiment, Saxl placed
the period of the pendulum was noted to decrease as the voltage increased.
(6)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2329, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since the period of a pendulum is directly proportional to the gravitational
charged cage.
Satellites and Missiles) wherein gravity is not caused by the attraction of the
Darth, but is caused by the repulsion of the cosmos. Accordingly, the force
supports his theory with a design of an anti-gravity machine which liberates
itself from the force of gravity by an electric field rotating at the speed of
light around the vehicle. This rotating field also suppresses mass inertia.
An experiment was performed by Majorana in which he surrounded a measured mass
with a sphere containing ten tons of mercury.
He noted an apparent loss in
weight of the experimental mass and concluded that the loss was due to an
absorbtion of gravity waves by the dense mercury.
Another experiment involving mercury entailed a test set-up wherein two weights
were balanced on an extremely accurate scale balance. Underneath one of the weights,
a quantity of mercury was caused to oscillate by a high-capacity pump. With the
pump in operation, the balance indicated a minute loss in weight of the mass
located above the mercury. The ratio of input energy (via the pump) to weight loss
was impractically large.
Possibly a combination of electrical energy and mercury could induce useable
effects on gravity.
The Foucault pendulum exhibits an effect such that the plane of the pendulum
swing does not change. The apparent rotation of the plane is actually caused
by the rotation of the Earth beneath
the pendulum. Therefore the pendulum arc
should show an apparent rotation of one cycle every 24 hours.
Maurice Allias conducted some remarkable experiments with some pendulums during
experiments were performed with a high degree of accuracy with continuous
to shift approximately 15 centesimal degrees exactly at the start of the eclipse.
Near the end of the eclipse, the plane again shifted and returned to the normal
perlodic cycle it had been following previous to the eclipse. This gives a very
lefinite impression of a "screen" effect.
The abnormalities noted in the pendulum experiment are possible closely related
with the abnormalities encountered in a number of observed dynamic phenomena,
which have yet to be explained:
(1) Abnormalities in the tide theory.
(2) Size of the deviations to the south noted on falling bodies.
falling bodies.
(7)

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1822, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(4) Abnormalities noted in the action of terrestrial rotation on the flow of
liquids.
now to experimental errors.
the continents.
mainly - a variation of the Newtonian force according to the medium where it
is acting (Cremieu claimed that gravity forces act as though gravitation mea-
he accuracy of verification of the laws of gravitation are presently:
(a) Astronomical - three parts in 10°
(b) Mechanics on Earth's surface (pendulum) - one part in 10.
These figures are of the order of magnitude of the abnormalities noted in these
have been found do not run contrary to the earlier experimental data, either on
in the present status of known data, the abnormalities observed can be
ccounted for only by considering the existence of a new field.
Professor Weber has developed two basic pieces of equipment designed specifically
to detect gravitational radiation.
Gravitational radiation sets up tensions and compressions within the bodies
it encounters. These should be observable as fluctuations of the surfaces of
the bodies, or as relative motion of two masses connected by a compressible
link. The largest body available for such as experiment is the earth itself.
this should be detectable on the surface as a fluctuation in the local value
meter has found nothing that looks like gravitational waves.
The second experimental system consists of two aluminum cylinders set up about
a mile apart and tiltmeters and seismometers stationed close by.«When the cy-
linders respond simutaneously and the tiltmeters and seiamometers are not excited,
this is called an event. They occur about once a month but nobody is yet willing
to assign a definite cause.
A related experiment was performed with the two cylinders in close proximity.
Vibrations in one cylinder were found to induce vibrations in the other by grav-
(8)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The dynamic field dominates interactions near the source. The dynamic field
fades away rapidly with distance and leaves the radiation dominant. what was
dynamic field.
L. M. Stephenson describes a method of gravitational shielding that is already
used to some degree. A body placed in a liquid having the same density as the
an indication of a zero gravitational field. If two bodies are placed in the
vection currents within fluids.
A corollary of this is that if two bodies, each less dense than the surrounding
fluid, are allowed to rise, their motion will be such that they will diverge
each other.
The necessary conditions for perfect electromagnetic or gravitational shielding
by the detector (encased in a shield) must not be zero and the shield must have
In the gravitational case, the detect-
ing body must have a precise density and the shielding liquid must have a com-
pressibility which approaches zero.
In both cases, the shielding effect exists
only within the boundary of the shield and there are substantial interactions of
During Edward white's extravehicular excursion while in orbit with the Gemini
capsule, he noted a physical phenomenon which was unexplainable by Newtonian
mechanics. He was able to rotate his body by extending and retracting his arms
in a twisting motion. Newtonian mechanics says that the body should return to
its original position once all motion has ceased due to conservation of angular
around this principle to give a linear thrust for use as a propulsion system.
A device like this has already been constructed and is known as the Dean Space
The axles of the weights are moved linearly by a solenoid during each rotation.
Resultant thrust is produced in the same direction that the weights are moved.
cycle to produce thruat.
was placed in the liquid. A free-turning propeller at the mouth of the bottle
bottle. The theoretical vector force which caused this rotation might be
another indication of a "dynamic" field.
the helium in the cup will flow up and over the side into the lower pool. This
action will continue as long as there is a differential in the level of the two
liquid surfaces.
(9)

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1986, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One phenomenon which may be noted as a common denominator throughout these
are apparently two definable parts to this matter field, a close-up dynamic
demonstrated in an electromagnetic field.
to the well known electromagnetic field since matter and energy are considered
interchangeable. The fields must then be connected by a certain set of functions
such that one can be made to affect the other. The Biefield-Brown experiments
seem to utilize this connection most effectively while all the experiments give
clues to the ultimate solution.
be a direct result of accurately defining the relationship between the matter
Brown to build upon as the initial forvard surge into gravity control as a
propuision unit.
GRAVITY
THEORIES
One of the original atomic theories, formulated by Father Boscovich, stated that
the atom was a mathematical point surrounded by alternating zones of repulsive
and attractive forces. This removes the duality of matter and a universal field.
of microphysics.
it is logical to assume the conversion of one force into another where the proper
conditions are present.
Oersted utilized this logic in his long search for the
magnetic effect of an electric current.
of gravitational forces, we can readily surmise interconnections between gravity,
electric and magnetic forces.
In a study pertaining to the study of the structure of elementary particles of
a gravitational field and an electro-magnetic field.
Einstein succeeded in formulating a set of equations which defined the inter-
relationship of all phenomenon in the known universe. However, work is still
which vary in space and time. The gravitational field is influenced not only by
vitational field can exist without an electro-magnetic field,-a pure electro-
magnetic field cannot exist vithout a gravitational field. The gravitational
Einstein reasoned that: If the forces of gravity can be replaced by the effect
of the acceleration of a moving system, then they cannot be
"real" forces such
(10)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 1995, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
as the pull of a winch. They must rather represent some geometrical property
of a space-time continuum in which the motion of material bodies is taking place.
In order to explain the gravitation field which may be present in one place
necessary to introduce some geometric property which can vary fron place to place.
such as our sun.
We can illustrate how a varying curvature can take the place of a real physical
depression in one area.
If we were to roll a marble across the membrane, the
depression will
Indeed,
the lead ball. If we were to look at the pool from above, we would not notice
the depression and would assume that the motion of the marble were due to an
"attraction" between the marble and the lead ball.
of the depressions at any point is representative of the local force. The depth of
the depressions should be relative to the amount of material that is in each of the
bodies.
Of course, a theory is worthless unless it can be used to predict new effects
which can be proved experimentally. Einstein not only was able to predict new
the orbit of Mercury (1.e.,
the excessive precession of the orbit not accounted
for by Newtonian mechanics). Some effects predicted by the Einsteinian equations
observed during a solar eclipse. Light is a form of energy and therefore
must possess mass. Consequently, when light enters a gravitational field, it
will, like any mass, travel in a curve.
increase in mass of a body as it nears the velocity of light. The evidence for
this is well documented from experiments on particle accelerators. Electrons
accelerated to a small fraction from the speed of light have been noted to in-
as it nears the speed of light.
Th
particle accelerators. Nuclear radiations were the source of the measurements.
universe in one unified theory, wherein the macrocosm and the microcosm - the
giant wheeling galaxies of cosmic space and the micro-structure of the atom and
all their various manifestations, would emerge.
Mass and energy, particles and
(11)

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
accounted for simply by changes in the structure and density of the primordial
field.
body and its motion according to Einstein.
Because of the gravita-
tional effects associated with rotating or accelerated masses, in theory it is
possible to build a machine that will set up a gravitational field in any direct-
ion. This field could then be utilized to counteract the Earth's gravitational
standpoint of extremely high accelerations without any stresses on the vehicle
or its occupants.
high-density liquid flowing at a high velocity through them in the same direction
will repel each other from the gravitational equivalent of the magnetic "pinch
if they are oriented properly.
Tn
this system, the mass flow through a pipe wound around the torus causes a field in
the torus.
Unfortunately, in order to generate a force large enough to counteract the Earth's
gravitational field, we need a mass of nuclear density accelerated at approximately
miles in diameter. This would still only last a small fraction of a second as
the mass would rapidly reach the speed of light. So, obviously, a system based
Einstein's well known equation, E = mc
, can be easily turned around to read
by energy. This then is a key to gravity phenomena since gravity so far has
been shown to be related only to mass. The energy side of the equation may then
potential energy of the mass causing the gravity being the opposite pole.
If a mass is transformed into its energy equivalent, this energy is in the form
of electromagnetic radiation. We might then explain gravity as the opposite
pole of a "contained" or potential radiation.
Another effect of this condition
says that free radiation cannot produce gravity, but whatever causes radiation
A side effect of this relationship would help explain how gravity causes the
experiment. We should also consider the converse action of how light affects
(12)

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1933, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Since energy and mass are equivalent, E = mc 2
or m = E/c?
, a gravitational
field must be associated not only with every mass but also with any amount
or kind of energy!
The theory of relativity applies only to the macro world and does not apply
to marginally small distances and time intervals. The theory of relativity
of space¿‚time beyond these boundaries would be invalid. '
Contrast between a space-time continuum and a quantum concept could possibly
all elementary particles are integer multiples. It is possible that gravit-
ational waves could be quantitized and the resulting quanta of gravitons would
probably have a zero rest mass of a spin of 2.
Gravitational waves can possible be divided into discrete energy packets, on
quanta as electromagnetic waves are. Dirac obtained a solution whereby he
quantized the gravitational-field equation and showed that the energy of gravity
quanta, or "gravitons," is equal to Planck's constant, h, times their frequency -
the same equation that gives the energy of light quanta or photons. However,
the spin of the graviton is twice the spin of the photon.
The interactions of matter fall into distinct classes:
(1) Nuclear forces;
electron and a neutrino are emitted;
(4) gravitational interactions, which
are much weaker than the ones called 'weak".
The strength of an interaction is a function of the rate of the emission or
to emit a photon.
In comparison the beta decay of a neutron takes about 103
seconds. It can be calculated that the time necessary for the emmission of a
teraction.
they have no charge and no mass.
In the weak interactions, neutrinos are emitted
detected but they may occur, possibly on the same time scale as the gravitational
neutrinos and gravity.
Einstein's equations have been solved by successive approximations. The third
helion advance in the two body problem.
All forms of matter move in space and contribute to the curvature of space-time
(13)

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1885, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
according to the laws of relativistic quantum theory and the law of the general
theory of relativity.
ation of the principle must be abandoned and replaced by a restricted and sharp-
ened formulation: the principle of equivalence applies to the history of a
small region of space, which is a thin tube in space-time; any physical ex-
periment within a thin space-time tube in a gravitational' field gives identical
corresponding experiment in a suitable thin tube in flat space-time free of
gravitational fields.
The concept of a gravitational force disappears ina curved space-time theory of
gravitation, and the gravitational field becomes the geometry of space-time.
How is the gravitational field, the geometry of curved space-time, determined by
its sources, the masses and concentrations of energy which produce the field?
new possibilities in cosmology.
volume without having any boundaries, in much the same way in which the curved
two dimensional surface of a sphere in ordinary Enclidean space has a finite area.
It is possible that gravitational mass causes the formation of a gravitational
space-time under the influence of gravitation".
warp space, it seems likely that an electromagnetic field can be set up which
opposite direction to any degree.
The last two ideas result in gravity null-
1s indicated from a transformation of the equation E = me? into m "E/c2" 1p1s
later equation is significant from the standpoint that it says that mass can
be simulated by some form of energy and since mass causes gravity, some form of
it as a propulsion system.
would all be expanding at some particular rate. Since everything observable
itself apart since lile charges repel, an expanding mass can be readily visualized.
It is suggested that the inertial mass of a body depends not only on its rest
mass but also on its velocity and on the character of its interaction with
(14)

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2716, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A section of Mach's principle states:
Inertial forces originate in the acc-
eleration of a particle relative to distant matter. Mach apparently had in rind
a type of instantaneous action at a distance as the means by which very distant
matter would produce this force. It would be more in keeping with modern notions
of the nature of forces if the inertial force could some day be traced to a pure-
ly local interaction with the paticles of a quantized field. This field would
be assumed to have its source in all the matter of the universe. A particle at
rest at the origin of a coordinate system in which distant galaxies are moving
uniformly away from the origin would feel no force by reason of symmetry. How-
this distant accelerated matter would be a source of a gravitational field.
Mach's Principle views inertia as a dynamic gravitational effect due to the
interaction of all the masses constituting the universe. Hence if a pail con-
ensemble of stars) is assumed to carry with it the reference system of coordiaates,
then the centrifugal force acting on the spinning body of water is attributed
to outside forces. Mach concluded that the outside forces might be called
action of the masses of the universe with respect to which the body of water
of the universe would spin about the now relatively stationary body of water
and their dynamically gravitational pull would result in the formation of the
presumedly inertial centrifugal action.
Inertial mass changes with the velocity of a body.
Since gravitational mass
is equal to inertial mass, it should also change with the velocity of the body.
Brans and Dicke have proposed a modification of the general theory of relativity
the distribution of matter in space.
The chief difference between universe
models of the original general relativity and this modified one is that in this
the early history of the universe. No definite conclusions have been made as
to the validity of this change.
The Earth may be affected by the distribution of matter in the universe. Inertial
The only relativistic means available to us for producing interactions between
widely separated bodies are the long-range fields. The prototype of such fields
is electromagnetism. The electrostatic interactions between widely separated
separated charged bodies is well known;
so is the fact that electromagnetic waves
exist, propagating with the velocity of light.
The principles of relativity and quantum mechanics provide us with a rigid
classification for long-range fields. All such fields may be divided into two
classes, boson and fermion.
The necessity for interchanging pairs of fermions
makes it unlikely that long-range interactions will occur thru a fermion field.
(15)

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2457, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When we are limited to boson fields there is a further classification provided
and higher-rank tensor. We shall assume that higher-rank tensors will not occur
on the grounds that the mathematics are extraordinarily complex. The tensor
field already provides enough mathematical difficulties. There is a long-range
vector field that is associated with electromagnetism.
Similarly, a long-range
symmetric tensor field is believed to exist in the form of the gravitational field.
It is in connection with the tensor field that a direct relationship between
inertial forces and the distribution of distant matter appears. It is found
that the interaction of a tensor field with a particle leads to two different
types of forces. One is a force proportional to the acceleration (inertial force).
The other type of force is quadratic and is recognized as a gravitational force.
Both types of forces may be called gravitational. Through the use of coordinate
transformation, inertial forces may be converted into gravitational forces of
opposite sign.
an absolute coordinate system in space should be without significance. If all
has an apparent velocity of 10 kilometers per second".
The sole reason for the speed of light entering into the equation of velocities
of two physical bodies is required by the universal medium within which they move.
This is ether under the disguise of light velocity.
results.
It is simply due to the fact that both theories are based on the assumption
of ether, contained in the relativity implicitly, and stated by Gerber explicitly.
It would seem that ether gradients in some such form as a variable ether pressure
and density distribution are much more likely to exist in view of the existing
bodies ranging in size from nuclei to galaxies, which can be viewed as singularities
in space structure. The origin of matter can, therefoie, be investigated from
the standpoint of localized ether stresses, i.e., ultimate ether quanta which enter
into mutual relationship resulting eventually in such gigantic superstructures
as electrons.
Possible structure of ether: The transmission of light shows that the ether
must possess a structure exhibiting properties akin to rigidity and inertia.
The rigidity may be understood hydrodynamically as a vortex circulation having
a velocity of the same order as that of the transversal waves which the medium
transmits. The inertia perceived in matter may then be an effect of the motion
(16)

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1526, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to be discovered. The assumption that the formation and the existence of an
and other phenomena.
a kind of gravitational absorption in the universal medium as vell as in the
to read:
P = G Mag
wherexis the coefficient of gravitational obsorption. In that case the motion
of the bodies remains unaffected by very distant masses due to the complete damping
out by astronomical. observations.
An experiment by Majorana gave a value of «= 2.8 x 10-12 per unit of mass
acted on, per unit of density and per unit of thickness of the shielding mass.
This experiment was performed by surrounding a measured mass with a sphere
experimental mass.
All the foregoing considerations have now prepared the ground for reviewing
action due to subnuclear pulsations.
experiments it is possible--according to Korn--to establish a thecy of gra-
in water. Two such pulsating sphere attract each other according to an equat?
ion analogous to Newton's law of gravitation providing that the phases of the
pulsations are the same.
A fundamental characteristic of all forces is that they exist in pairs. One
This collection of energy/matter
can be interpreted as being of a potential nature. Since the energy release
potential radiation.
Possibly the above knowledge could be linked so that the outwardly directed
potential radiation force of energy/matter is shown to be the counterforce of
the inwardly directed force of gravitation. The author calculates the grav-
itational constant C from the potential radiation of a mass and finds that it
(17)

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1483, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
All matter is know to be potential energy.
Since earth is matter, it is there-
fore potential energy. Since the earth is a source of energy, a vehicle op-
erating as a connection between this source and an energy sink (free space)
might be utilized as a space transportation unit.
etc.) exist in a continuously excited state, and pulsate, 1.e., oscillate.
And since their oscillations or pulsations take place in a gravitational and
lectromagnetic fleld, obviously each such pulsation 1s accomplished by
he emission of a certain amount of energy. Now, this ạcertain amount'
mentary""certain amount" of "energy-mass" that we call a graviton.
graviton's own sense. But since, as we have noted, gravitons are depart-
ing from or flying out of the body in all directions at once, the body itself
of gravitons emitted into a space already relatively saturated with gravitons
will be necessarily smaller than the number or quantity emitted into an empty
destory their relative equilibrium, since obviously the space between the two
bodies will become relatively saturated with gravitons, and, consequently, the
they will start to move closer together, to be drawn toward each other, impelled
"outwardly" departing gravitons.
general theory of relativity.
A planet in a gravitational field can be regarded as absorbing gravitational
quanta that are emitted by the central star. These gravitational quanta
If ve
The force is constant due to a large number of impulses in a short time.
( 18)

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1248, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the intensity of the emission of gravitons per unit of mass depends upon
bodies the additive effect results in a higher density of particles. There-
force will arise leading to the approximation of attraction of bodies towards
each other.
Besides the reactive force which arises in cases of uneven radiation of
its action upon bodies. Since the pressure of the gravitational field between
Under ordinary astronomical and physical conditions the forces of repulsion
1014 grams per cubic centimeter) the tension and pressure of the gravita-
tion field or gravitation medium may als be very great so that the magnitude
Gravitation can be attributed to the impact of numberous small particles.
traveling along the line that connects the centers of the two bodies. There-
upon the two bodies will be pushed together.
And, since bodies of greater
mass intercept more particles they experience greater gravitational forces.
Alzofon seeks to explain the gravitational field as an averaged fluctuating
particles on a subatomic scale.
This can be considered since a given mass
subatomic scale.
Creation and annihilation processes are incorporated
The red shift observed in the light received from distant galaxies can be
rather than as a Doppler shift.
(19)

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1319, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The following items were considered in this theory:
are responsible for the field.
(3) Processes occurring in the nucleus and in the neighborhood of ele-
assumed that such processes are an intrinsic part of the motion of the real
electromagnetic field. The average effect of a great number of creations
and annihilations is the electromagnetic field described by the Maxwell
assumed that creation and annihilation processes proceed without cessation.
8392
It is suggested that one has now obtained a field which exhibits the proper-
ties of radiation (in the Maxwell sense) and of matter as different aspects
the motion.
The existence of particles as an integral part of the real electromagnetic
the field. Yet it seems likely that there remains a small probability of
The effect can be calculated and shown to be precisely the same value as
the red shift customarily presumed to indicate an expansion of the universe.
processes, there should be an attractive force between it and a material body.
emit gravitons or gravitation waves.
At the same time, two gravitons
may collide and form another pair of "fundamental" particles, for instance,
in proportion to distance. This additional diminishing of forces of gravi-
force 1a indeterminant).
of this radiation, the bulk of which travels on into space.
Similarly,
(20)

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 825, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
into space, so that 'space" is never really empty. What effect, if
galaxies and suns and planets?
It is almost certain that all universal space is prevaded by electrical,
magnetic and gravitational currents flowing from areas of higher potential to
exchange of neutrinos between any kinds of matter. Neutrinos are
zero mass.
matterồẠỊi
and possibly their disappearance, therby creating "weightless
of energy in the form of gravitational quanta or "gravitons". He
temperatures and, conversely, reduced virtually to zero at low
temperatures, near absolute zero.
which can be quantized into energy quanta, hypothetically named
"gravitons". However, they consider the amount of energy transported
to be small as to be a negligible aspect of gravitation. Thus, even
mutation" could not effect an annihilation of gravitation.
(21)

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 670, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
gravitons into their surroundings;
when two bodies are in the vicinity
field fluctuation.
conditions in which the transition to the superconducting state has actually
expulsion of the gravitational field from a body but only ptovided that a fund-
extremely, low temperatures--are contingent on the presence of an
particle physics may change our concepts regarding space and time at extremely
short distances.
of the universal quantum gravitational length (about 10-33"
cm) indicates,
elementary particles.
tional and unitary theory in the large and that will become quasi-Euclidean
in the ordinary scale of human life and activity.
between temperature and gravity.
(22)

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1321, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
an unmagnetized condition has also given negative results.
The "weak" force involved in the radioactive decay of atomic nuclei is stronger
than gravity by a factor of 102;
the electromagnetic force
force which holds atomic nuclei to gether, is stronger by a factor of 1039.
On the astrophysical scale however, the gravitational pulls of high numbers
of atoms ( 1057 in the case of the sun) combine efficiently to form one
gigantic pull, whereas none of the other three forces can combine efficiently
to create forces much beyond atomic dimensions, As we examine nuclear,
lectromagnetic, weak and gravitational interactions, we find them to decrease
in intensity and increase in universality in that order.
The calculation of the relative strength of the electrostatic and gravi-
forces is characteristic of the present age of the universe. He assumes
average particle. The radii is assumed to be 3 x 10-13 centimeter
The age of the universe expressed in terms of this elementary time
the universe expands and the matter is rarefied.
transmits energy whether there is a receiver near or not.
he power radiated by the solar system in the form oi gravitational wave
of gravitational radiation waves in all but purely theoretical calculations.
This result shows that the problem of the motions of systems of gravitating
(23)

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 1044, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Until recently, no real evidence was ever presented that Newton's
from Earth.
From counts of galaxies in many galaxy clusters, it was possible to
determine the following:
1. Many of the galaxy clusters are spherically symmetrical,
with axial fluctuations lying well within the limits expected.
The 500 brightest galaxies of & cluster show a radial
distribution which is adequately represented by equations
for an isothermal gas sphere.
faint member galaxies in a cluster, an effect which is
expected to exist in stationary swarms.
The structural features are the same for spherically
symmetrical clusters at all observable distances.
These four observations prove that Newton's law, with a fixed value
of galaxies, about three million light years.
rather than galaxies, are examined.
to be unlimited. Actually, however, the largest spherically sym-
gimilar, and all are of about the same size and population. Thus,
geometrically well-organized clusters.
clusters of galaxies.
Investigations have shown, however, that
this is not the case.
(24)

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1163, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It has been demonstrated that the 10,000 observable galaxy clusters
noninteracting objects.
about five million light years.
based on field equations which are adjusted, at their limits, to
Newton's law.
Secondly, all conclusions about the evolution of the
universe and its supposed expansion will need reanalysis.
Electric forces between charges and gravitational forces between masses are
stronger than the gravitational force--by a factor of the order of 1040,
cosmological scale? The answer is, of course,
that electric charges of
both signe appear in nature, that they "shield" one another, so that matter
in the large is electrically neutral.
gravitation is important on the large scale.
"shield" requires that there be two types of matter, some with positive
help for a gravity "shield".
waves of the same frequency.
There 1s the possibility of a force field of different origin counteracting
tated by an electromagnetic field produced by wire loop with little expend-
iture of power if the coil is kept below critical superconductive temperature.
them away from the center of radiation.. As an example, comet's tail 1s
out of comet core into the sun.
(25)

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1845, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
particles of the atom are the proton and the electron. The electrical charges
are of equal value but of opposite sign. A third characteristic is that the
proton and electron are not located at the same point in the atom. They are
separated by a distance known as an orbital radius. They therefore cannot act
in an equivalent and neutralizing manner on an external body! This differ-
properly manipulated to repell one atom or a collection of atoms (planet) to
electromagnetic radiation whose wavelength is equal to the average orbital
radius of the atoms from which it is repelling itself. Possibly, this slight
differential in particle location is the basis of the force called gravity.
One method of electromagnetic propulsion proposed but not yet tested is this:
The succeeding wave would be formed such that the
direction of the electrostatic charge in the wave directly opposes the elect-
cannot be halted. Once this size is reached, no energy can be released fron
the mass in any form (light or otherwise). A star undergoing a gravitational
collapse would disappear from view very suddenly. Externally, the gravitational
field would still exist but with no apparent origin. An object allowed to fall
into this field would fall normally until the gravitational radius were reached
at which time it too would become invisible.
The mass that has undergone gravitational collapse theoretically is squeezed
way in which the matter might escape being crushed.
There might be a space-time
could flow without being crushed to zero volume. The matter might then emerge
gravity fields.
This would be an ideal 'bottle" for a nuclear fusion procass.
As the
2-dimensional plan sees only a circular mass moving along in his 2-dimensional
on, leaves in our consciousness, limited to a narrow space and a single mo-
ent of "time" a record of change.
(26)
