{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T20:10:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 43, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 34844579, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304280657535626, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125209-cejka-theory-of-pulsar-operation-by-bearden.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541080940000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125209-cejka-theory-of-pulsar-operation-by-bearden.pdf", "source_sha256": "46264bd9d21ee76f1311665235538be8071e4dc46132d0f6875b9a1b788b6b3d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 17, "chars": 153, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
THEORY OF PULSOR OPERATION

© T. BE. BEARDEN 1984

January 1, 1984

submitted to:
Razorback Limited
315 Santa Ana Avenue
Newport Beach, California 92663

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2440, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THEORY OF PULSOR OPERATION
T. B. BEARDEN
January 1, 1984
1.0 INTRODUCTION
1.1 Purpose.
It is the purpose of this paper to advance
the general scalar theory of the Pulsor and explain its
operation.
1.2 The Pulsor. The Pulsor is a resonant scalar field
device invented and developed by George Yao.
It essentially
consists of millions of specially designed and processed
microcrystals in a suitable plastic container.
Depending upon the sizing and processing of the
pulsors can be prepared for various "frequency
microcry enabling the devices to be utilized for the various
frequency bands of the human spectrum.
Due to its construction, the pulsor is a resonant device;
but since it utilizes scalar field resonance -- presently
unknown to electromagnetics (EM) science -- its exact mode of
functioning has not been understood. Since the conventional
scientist does not possess scalar wave theory or technology, a
conventional explanation of the Pulsor cannot be successfuily
given.
However, the new scalar field electromagnetics, which
starts by correcting errors in the foundations of present
electromagnetics, has progressed far enougi so that a
satisfactory conceptual explanation for the operation of scalar
devices like the Pulsor can be formulated.
1.3 Scope of this paper.
This present paper presents a
detailed overview of the scalar concept of operation of the
Pulsor. Work on the scalar EM theory is still in process, and
an even more comprehensive treatment is expected to be possible
in the future.
2.0 ERRORS IN THE FOUNDATIONS OF PRESENT ELECTROMAGNETICS
THEORY.
After some four years of diligent examination of the
foundations of present electromagnetics theory, the author has
uncovered numerous serious flaws which render the present
theory a special case. (1) When these ilaws are corrected, a
more comprenensive, vastly expanded electromagnetics results.
In addition, some of the presently restrictive "laws of
physics" are revealed to be special cases, which can be
surmounted by scalar field technology. (2)
A series of
papers (3) (4) (5) (6) on the corrections to the EM foundations and
the foreign weaponization of the new electromagnetics has been
Validation of much of the new scalar field EM has
occurred in proprietary private laboratories in North America.
In this paper we present only a summary of this work, an
overview of scalar field technology necessary to allow the
operation of the Pulsor to be explained.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2968, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2.1
Major corrections to EM theory.
Some of the major
corrections to present EM theory are summarized:
2.1.1 Charge and charged mass.
At present these are
falsely made identical in classical EM theory. However, the
"charge," according to particle physics, is actually a virtual
particle flux on and off the bare mass.
Mass and charge are
two entirely separate things.
Rigorously, the charge
-flux. (7) notitude of ag/at or "phi-dot" currents -= a
Also, charge is not necessarily quantized, nor is
it even necessarily "locked to" a mass.
2.1.2
Electrostatic scalar potential (V).
This
quantity presently is modeled as a three-dimensional, spatial
stress.
Instead, it is an n-dimensional stress, where n is
equal to or greater than 4.
It is a spatio-temporal stress,
for it stresses the rate of flow of time as well as stressing
Further, the electrostatic scalar potential of vacuum,
dubbed o« is assumed to be zero in classical EM theory.
Actually,
it is a very high value, probably approaching some
200, 000,800 volts from a hypothetical "zero flux" point, could
such be found. Further, vacuum is identical to spacetime, and
both are identical to Ø0. Vacuum spacetime IS electrostatic
scalar potential; it is not an emptiness filled with it.
Neither length nor time -- hence nor space -- exists until an
interaction occurs in vacuum spacetime electrostatic scalar
potential. (8) Note that 0 (phi-dot) represents a flow of
spacetime, and a flux of @ on and off a spatial particle of
mass referred to as the "bare particle" in particle physics.
The charge (electrostatic scalar potential) of a particle
represents its rate of accumulation and expulsion of vacuum
spacetime.
Thus the charge represents the rate of flow of the
object through time.
It also represents the accumulation of
classical energy (Feds) and transformation of that energy into
anenergy (spatiotemporal stress). (9)
Vector meanetic
potential (A).
The A-field is
assumed to be always an aspect of, and connected to, the
magnetic field. Instead it can be entirely disconnected from
the magnetic field, and is thus a fundamental new field of
nature with new properties. (1ø) Specifically, in vacuum the
free A-field is the swirl in the electrostatic scalar potential
(virtual particle flux) and is observably scalar, not
vectorial, in nature.
2.1.4
Constancy of the speed of light.
The speed of
light in vacuum is variable.
Vacuum is , and the value of 80
of a region can be increased by accumulation of charged
particles. (11) Thus the 00 of a hard vacuum near the surface
of the earth, another planet, or the sun is higher (more
intense, more dense virtually) than is the Do of a hard vacuum
in deep space. This effect is due to the increased g flux
from the accumulated charged mass particles of the planet or
sun. An EM wave in vacuum is longitudinal, not transverse. (12)
It follows that a vacuum EM wave moves faster through the
virtually more dense vacuum near a planetary or solar mass than
-2-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2883, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
it does in the hard vacuum of remote space.
(Just as a sound
wave moves more rapidly in water than in air.)
The effect has
been experimentally known for decades. (13)
2.1.5
A vacuum IM wave.
In classical EM theory a
vacuum EM wave is assumed to vibrate transversely. Instead, it
is vibrating longitudinally, like a sound wave. The transverse
or Hertz wave exists only in a material medium, not in vacuum.
This follows in a straightforward manner from the definitions
of force and force field, particularly E and B fields. No one
has ever broadcast a Hertz transverse wave through vacuum.
This phenomenon has been previously dealt with by the author at
some length. (14)
2.1.6 Vector and scalar. Both a vector and a
scalar, in the physical universe, have internal vector
substructures not presently provided for in ordinary vector
mathematics. Again, this has been previously dealt with by the
author at some length. (15) By deliberately constructing
substructure, we can make EM waves which have no external
electric field or magnetic field, which are not detectable by
ordinary means, and which can do completely anomalous things.
Many of the effects possible have already been pointed out by
the author. (16)
Actually, there are four different kinds of vectors used
physics, which are presently confused as one and the same.
Briefiy these are (1) the geometer's vector, a smeared spatial
point; (2) the mechanic's vector, a smeared particle of inert
mass; (3) the electrician's vector,
a smeared charged particle
of mass; and (4) the advanced electrician's vector, a smeared
charged spatial point. Again, the reader is referred to the
author's more comprehensive discussion of physical
vectors. (17) (18)
2.1.7 Conservation of energy. A new conservation of
law, having three terms, is necessary.
A simple
derivation
of this law has already been shown by the
author. (19) Note that the present electrostatic scalar
potential's magnitude represents the amount of work that would
have to be performed to push a unit charged mass in from
infinity against the field. (20) That is, the ESP represents
accumulated energy, infolded into the stress of vacuum
spacetime itself. (21) This "infolded energy of spatiotemporal
stress I call "anenergy." Therefore, to be precise, the
"energy" which must be conserved for a moving particle of mass
is (1) the amount of energy "frozen" into mass, plus (2) the
amount of energy due to motion and radiation/absorption, plus
(3) the amount of energy infolded into anenergy -- into the
internal stress of the spacetime in which the particle and its
motion exist. Thus the true conservation of energy law has
three terms:
one for mass, one for energy, and one for
anenergy. (22)
2.1.8 Newton's third law. Newton's third law, "for
every action there is an equal and opposite reaction,"
also
changes in the new EM.
The reaction now need not be local,
-3-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3132, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
need not be antiparallel, need not even occur at exactly the
same time, and need not be singular.
must "stop""1.g
Thing and motion.
Actually, in thought we
motion briefly to seize upon the idea of a
"thing."
At the fundamental quantum level, it is not possible to
separate the "thing" in motion from its motion. That
is, what
fundamentally exists is not a thing in motion, but a "smeared
thing," smeared in time and length or space.
This is really
all that the complementarity principle means: before we
interact to stop it (and have a "thing" or particle) or not
stop
it (and have a wave or unstopped entity), both aspects
coexist without separation.
The duality principle simply says
that we can get either the stopped thing (particle) or the
nonstopped entity (wave), depending upon how we interact. The
uncertainty principle merely points out that there is a certain
magnitude to the "two things (called canonical variables)
welded together with no seam in the middle," and we cannot get
both aspects completely from a single interaction. if we get
all of one precisely, we get none of the other, representing a
total uncertainty in it. We can get part of one and part of
the other, in which case we lose part of each, representing an
uncertainty in measurement of both canonical variables.
2.1.10 Quantum superposition and scalar theory.
In
the standard linear quantum theory, quanta do not superpose.
Thus photons -- quanta -- are said to interact one at a time
and be absorbed or emitted one at a time. However, in the new
EM a simple photon is considered to be one oscillation (one
wavelength) of an EM wave.
The photon consists of action --
energy x time.
It is the carrier of time, and it dispenses its
time to mass which abscrbs it, turning the mass
into masstime.
When emitted from masstime, the photon tears off the time and
carries it away, leaving behind a spatial mass. Since all
objects are continually absorbing and emitting photons, this
forward in little
little time
ittle time tich, do to speak. is added to the mase ba
so to speak, is added to
photon absorption, then taken away by photon emission.
Time is
thus not precisely a "dimension," as Minkowski modeled it;
rather, it is a series of individual time "stitches, " occurring
one-at-a-time, each pulled out or discarded before the next
occurs. (23)
Since all physical objects are doing this, it
follows that each physical object itself is "quantized" by its
photon interaction.
That is, its "existence in time" is
continually "chopped up" by the quantum interaction of photon
absorption and emission. Thus any "measurement" or detection
of a laboratory
instrument will be quantized; rigorously any
such detection is the detection of its own internal change, and
this itself is already a quantized matrix. Also, photon
emission -- in carrying away time from a mass --
causes
"collapse of the wave function" in quantum mechanics, since no
wave can exist unless there exists some time in which it can
wave.
For the
same reason -- photon emission continually
carrying away "time" throughout the physical measuring
apparatus --
all measurement is spatial.
-4-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2930, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To return: As is well known, the photon is its own
antiparticle. In the new EM we take a photon to be one single
wave length (one full oscillation) of an electromagnetic wave.
We take an antiphoton (relative to some particular photon) as
another similar photon, but 180 degrees out of phase with the
reference photon.
Also, note that the photon can coexist with
its own antiparticle, something matter and antimatter cannot
do .
Thus we visualize a photon and its antiphoton (each as
simply one oscillation) fitted together so that they are 180
degrees out of phase with each other.
in that case, irom the
classical wave viewpoint the externally perceivable E fields
sum to zero, as do the externally perceivable E fields.
Externally, both photons seem to have "disappeared." Yet the
complementarity principle requires that both photons are still
Each contains
single "giant photon", having zero A and B field energy in this
case, but containing infolded STRESS or anenergy. This is the
exis is the
mechaniem by means of which electromagnetic energy is
translated into stress on spacetime (i.e., into vacuum, which
is electrostatic scalar potential).
In short, we have
thus
translated the individual energies of the two photons into
spatiotemporal stress
(electrostatic scalar potential). We
have also produced a "zero-vector" wave, insofar as normal E
and H fields are concerned.
This is a scalar or Tesla wave.
Such a wave is said to consist of "giant photons, " longitudinal
in nature, and composed of infolded multiples of
otherwise
normal photons and antiphotons.
This is also a drastic and fundamental change to quantum
mechanics. From the standpoint of comparison to energy or
mass, we have a "zero quantum" which contains infolded quanta.
This "zero quantum" is a pure quantum of spacetime -- of
of the virtual state (flux), of THE
stresthe scalar wave and the giant photon are real, and have
totally new properties not covered in the present literature.
Note also that the infolded photon/antiphoton substructure of
the giant-photon longitudinal scalar wave can consist of as
many sum-zeroed pairs as we wish. We can precisely tailor the
substructure to produce energy or action at a distance, or to
produce force at a distance -- ANY KIND OF FORCE WHATSOEVER:
STRONG, WEAK, GRAVITATIONAL, OR ELECTRICAL.
Note that in the new EM, then, quanta do superpose and
INFOLD under this peculiar condition: But in so doing, energy
is turned into anenergy (spatiotemporal stress, oi
electrostatic scalar potentiai).
Note that, also, the
observable is turned into the virtual. Every virtual particle
or virtual photon is actually either itself a giant photon or
part of a giant photon system. Indeed, the entire virtual
state may be regarded as a single giant photon, as can the
vacuum, and as can spacetime.
Note also that the scalar wave (and its substructure) is
immune to ordinary E and H linear detection effects.
This wave
-5-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 3152, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
readily penetrates Farraday cages, since it essentially does
not interact with the conduction electrons to cause precession.
it can also penetrate into the innermost part of the nucleus of
an atom, since it essentially does not interact with the
electron shells to cause electron precession waves. The scalar
wave is thus ideally suited to directly affect the nucleus,
leading to the ability to affect the strong force, transmute
elements, cause fusion or fission without "energy" effects,
increase or decrease inertia of the atom, and generate
unilateral force upon the nucleus without generating Newton's
reaction force, since the reaction occurs in anenergy, not
energy conditions. By utilization of proper substructuring and
phasing, antigravity can be produced, and it has been produced
in the laboratory. (25) Direct interaction with the nuclear
reactions can also be engineered, so that many new things --
such as direct transmutation of elements -- can be engineered.
Note also that when such a structured scalar wave (giant
photon) impinges upon a highly nonlinear region, mass, or EM
functioning, then phase-shifting of the paired oppositive
photon substructure occurs.
This means that the paired photons
no longer sum to zero, and real EM energy in the norma. sense
is again produced INSIDE the nonlinear region, mass, or EM
functioning, This can even be partial; that is, one part of
the giant photon's substructure can interact in a frequency
dependent, resonant manner with a receiving nonlinear
resonator, causing the giant photon to give up only part or its
substructure, or to "decay."
As can be seen, giant photons
have highly complex interaction capabilities not possessed at
all by normal photons.
Thus a highly nonlinear system can shift anenergy
(spatiotemporal stress) from a giant photon into ordinary
photon energy (ordinary linear EM radiation), including lattice
energy of materials or radiation in space.
The opposite is also true, particularly if the highly
nonlinear system is also far from thermodynamic equilibrium and
forms a "Prigogine"
which can translate seery (vector energy)
Such a nonlinear system,
into anenergy
(spatiotemparal Stress, escalar waves) and ice versa, i refer
to as a TRANSLATOR. Examples of translators are ionized gases,
plasmas, scalar interferometers, Geiger tubes, certain
amorphous semiconductors (particularly when stressed just to
the onset of physical rupture), Reich's orgone boxes,
dielectric-filled capacitors, stressed quartz-bearing rocks,
etc.
.l.ll Superlumina. velocity
scalar wave acts in the manner of a soliton.
In the new EM, the
It also has an
extra degree of freedom -- time -- as compared to ordinary
waves. Its velocity can vary from zero to near infinity, and
15 -- among other things -- a function of the "amplitude" of
the oscillation utilized.
Thus both subluminal and
superluminal velocities are possible with scalar waves.
Further, contrary to much of the fallacy in physicists's minds,
detection of superluminal waves can be accomplished by a
two-stage detection (it cannot be accomplished by a single
stage detection).
An example already utilized in physics is
-б-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 3009, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the simple two-slit box: deBroglie waves (which always travel
faster than the
"group velocity" peed of light) are interfered, so that the
of the superposed waves in the interference
pattern is subluminal. An electron then will interact with
this subluminal group-wave, to give an ordinary detection. The
two-slit box is already a two-stage superluminal detector.
The
two cerebral hemispheres of the human body also can function as
a scalar interferometer detector of superluminal quantities.
This enables remote viewing, clairvoyance, clairaudience,
telepathy,
etc. -- indeed, all the phenomena of classical
parapsychology are explainable directly by scalar EM theory.
2.1.12
crossing beams of EM energy produce interference, where the
out-of-phase condition produces destructive interference.
two similar waves (same frequency and amplitude), we consider
that the "zero amplitude lines" are the result.
two scalar waves interfere in just the opposite manner: we put
in the "zero lines," and the out-of-phase destructive
interference translates anenergy into energy, producing
"ordinary" waves (which result in transverse oscillations of
detecting electron gases). If the scalar waves were perfect,
lowever, the energy in the interference zone would be LOCKED IN
PLACE AS IF IN AN ENERGY BOTTLE, and it could not radiate away
as photons. We can produce sufficiently good scalar waves to
produce at least a "leaky bottle," and so we have the
phenomenon of the direct production of nonradiating energy at a
distance. Note that all the energy put into each interference
wave at the transmitters emerges in the interference zone. (28)
Such interference can be produced "inside" normal matter, deep
within if need be, as determined by the focusing of the
interference zone.
In this manner highly localized
energy-in-a-bottle effects can occur. Dramatic examples of
this occur in humans, where the two cerebral hemispheres have
the ability to produce scalar waves and scalar beams, including
interference patterns and energy bottles.
This is the means by
and it is
energy bottles are produced on the skin of the feet and
Energy from the fire enters the bottle and is trapped there, so
that the soles of the feet do not burn. (29)
soles of the f
2.1.13. Resonance.
In addition to all the modes of
resonance presently contained in the theory, the new EM allows
several new kinds of resonance. Note that not all possible
scalar resonances have yet been discovered!
In brief, we shall
be interested in the following kinds of scalar resonance:
2.1.13.1 Resonance of a single part of the
substructure.
Here we refer to one single pair (photon aad
antiphoton) of an overall scalar wave: I.e., one scalar part of
the substructure. When a scalar wave (giant photon) encounters
a specific translator for only one particular infolded scalar
photon pair, then only that pair will be phase-shifted to
produce "ordinary energy" at the same frequency. (30)
If, in
addition, the translator contains a portion or subsystem that
-7-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2801, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
is resonant to that particular frequency, then the resonator
will be entrained into forced resonance, acting as a
"capacitor" or accumulator of the the translated energy. (31)
This effect can be highly specific and highly dramatic,
particularly upon biological systems which are now known to
possess sharply tuned
'trigger
resonant systems that react to
extremely small energy levels. By deliberately infolding
scalar-pair triggers into its construction, a scalar wave can
be specifically designed to contain a scalar pair which
directly "hits
the specific trigger resonance" desired.
Thus
even a weak carrier, modulated with a specifically composed
scalar substructure, can cause completely anomalous "trigger
With steady scalar
irradiation, the effect is cumulatively increasing.
2.1.13.2
Resonance with multiple parts of the
substructure.
More than one trigger pattern can be hidden in
single scalar structure.
These scalar patterns, on
encountering the human body, are dumped into the acupuncture
plexuses, central nervous system,
cell membranes and other
cellular structures, and the body's overall "virtual photon"
communications system. (32)
The energies from the translated
scalar patterns diffuse and accumulate throughout the body,
finding their intended "trigger resonance" targets and
stimulating them into forced resonance.
This effect can be used to create death or disease
patterns, as in the Kaznacheyev experiments. (33)
It can also be used
as in the case the be used deviceath lactiesscane" patterns,
leukemia. (34)
Mild effects of this kind were and are apparently
utilized by the Soviets in their microwave radiation of the
personnel in the U.S. Embassy in Moscow. (35) The stimulus was
deliberately kept fairly low, although three ambassadors were
seriously targeted (36) to force consideration of the phenomenon
Bient ligheen enhalons or the Yast poete the soviets
the Soviets
knew nothing of
scalar EM technology.
Recently examination and testing of a Soviet LIDA device
has confirmed that it is possible to profoundly affect the
human consciousness and mind by specialized electromagnetic
means. (38)
The Soviet "Woodpecker" signals also appear to possess a
direct potential for accomplishing mental conditioning and
death and disease induction on a massive scale, or even
earthquake production. (39)
2.1.13.3
Delayed resonance with a target,
displaced in time. Dither of the first two resonance modes can
er of the
be utilized in an even more peculiar fashion.
A scalar wave
can
travel in time only, sitting at one location and
oscillating in time but
NOT IN SPACE.
Such a wave has no
apparent immediate effect on the target, and does not "strike
the trigger" as long as it is in the purely temporal mode.
It
does affect the target's characteristics that exist in time --
-8-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 455, "chars": 3035, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
mass, inertia, rate of flow through time, etc. However, for
weak
waves these effects can be so minimal as to be unnoticed.
The wave can even be constructed so as
to decay from the
temporal mode into the "normal spatial" (normal spatiotemporal)
node. As this occurs, the wave begins to "strike the trigger,"
forcing it into resonance and producing the desired ettects.
Certain Chinese Chi masters, for example, were actually able to
utilize this mechanism to produce the "delayed death touch"
effect. Gilbey reports an actual demonstration of the effect
in modern times. (40) At least part of the Kaznacheyev effect
may be due to this delayed resonance effect, where a transition
is being made from the purely temporal to the spatiotemporal
realm.
2.1.13.4
Whole-pattern resonance.
This is
somewhat analogous to the simpler case of sympathetic
vibration, illustrated by two tuning forks tuned to the same
frequency:
When one is vibrated, the other goes into
sympathetic resonance because of
the impinging signal.
With
scalar patterns, many frequencies and multiple modes --
especially nonlinear modes which provide translation -- are
involved, in a manner analogous to Fourier expansion. Also,
scalar components can trave. instantaneously -- or in other
words, "through hyperspace." Stimulating one scalar pattern by
a specifically tailored scalar wave results in its twin pattern
peing resonated at a distance,
The nonlinear portions of this
'hyperspatial scalar resonance" result in
translation in the
distant twin target, so that "real energy" emerges in specific
structures of that target. In this manner, radionics uses a
"nect " uman intent theasar waves teto the distanect to
target. (41)
For a target person, the witness may be a scrap of
skin, photograph, etc. (Note that each body cell contains the
genetic pattern of the entire body, and the light emitted from
a body contains a scalar substructure with the exact patterns
of the body impressed in it).
affects the target
Is the target sympathetic restine in the wites
resonance.
is cumulative, much like charging a capacitor, so the effect
can be made strong enough in the distant object for real energy
to be kindled there, and the operator's intent to be realized.
Whole pattern resonance in the scalar mode, however, refers not
to just a single frequency, but to the entire complex
substructure of the scalar
field.
Adaptive resonance.
In this form of
scalar resonance, a system functioning in a scalar fashion and
as a highly disordered Prigogine system undergoes a'shaping"
and
"patterning" of the large-scale patterns that emerge and
stabilize. That is, the internal dynamics of the Prigogine
system itself are affected, shifting (and controlling) the
emergent pattern toward that pattern of the "driver."
What we
are saying is that the entire translated, ordered pattern that
emerges from a complex, disordered, scalar Prigogine system is
itself capable of "forcible entrainment" and adaptation by a
highly complex scalar driver's substructure.
The substructure
- 9-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2918, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
opening up the capability for entrainment, contro-, anc
engineering. The degree of adaptive resonance that can be
system being entrained. By scalar EM wave engineering in this
fashion, the statistics of a particular situation can be made
causal, or at least partially causal. An adaptive resonance
device, by analogy, is one which, under certain conditions,
adapts its own complex substructure to fit or nearly fit the
substructure of the driving scalar wave. (42)
2.1.13.6
Mass
current resonance.
electrical current, it is possible to separate the flowing
electron masses from the flowing massless charge (phi-dot).
Exactly how to do this is proprietary to an inventor friend and
colleague. Each separated current component is then capable of
performing quite different things.
The mass current, for
examplę, when passed through a normal helical coil generates
magnetic field.
The mass current is subject to normal
resonance conditions presently contained in the orthodox EM
theory. (43)
2.1.13.7 Massless current resonance.
massless current -- phi-dot -- when passed through a normal
helical coil does not produce magnetic field; instead it
produces inertial field. (44)
This scalar current is subject to
all the scalar resonance conditions contained in the new EM
theory. Also, the earth is a giant capacitive system, but one
of complex structure. Its molten core, for example, is
Prigogine system and a giant translator.
The sun is also a
giant Prigogine system and translator, and it produces
structured scalar waves of great power.
The earth itself is in
continual scalar resonance, driven by the scalar output of the
sun, and its own molten core acts as a translator/receiver for
arriving scalar waves from the sun. Within the earth,
enormous
scalar waves and pulses are formed, with multiple
frequencies,
cranslated into
anda great
enormous
ordinary energy. The earth's scalar pattern is shaped and
modulated by every structure in and on the earth, and in fact
in the cosmos. The entire earth, solar, and cosmic system is
in turn responsive to the feeble scalar inputs initiated by the
living things that populate it. The cosmos itself is a living
thing, and in one sense the earth, planets, sun, moon, and
are all parts of our own extensive body.
Tesla knew that he could form special resonances with some
of the powerful driver frequencies of the earth itselt, and
obtain enormous power from it, inexhaustible and unlimited --
and clean.
By establishing scalar (zero-vector) resonance
between a giant elevated capacitance and enormous scalar
currents in the earth, he would have directly tapped scalar
anenergy and translated it into useful energy, and freed
mankind. The same dream drove T. Henry Moray to produce a
direct tạp into vacuum stress anenergy, translating the output
into ordinary energy. Again, his device could have freed all
mankind.
Instead, both Tesla and Moray were suppressed in the
-10-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2744, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
West, and in the Soviet Union the fruits of their genius have
Deen
subverted to provide stupendous scalar weapons to destroy
and enslave humankind.
2.1.14 Electrical ground.
Electrically the function
of the ground is often poorly understood in normal EM theory.
For a perfect ground, the requirements are (1) it must furnish
frequency, and rate of electrons on demand from the
circuit, without itself generating any voltage or impedance
drop; (2) it must accept any number, frequency, and rate of
electrons from the circuit, without generating any voltage or
This of course is the definition of infinite
However, it is possible to establish "capacitive
resonance" between large (essentially infinite) capacitances
without the movement of electron masses. That is, one can
establish a scalar massless current resonance between
capacitances.
This was the real secret of Tesla's magnifying
transmitter. (45) It is not difficult to use the oscillating
accumulations of phi-field that result, and cause real charged
mass currents (ordinary electrical currents) to flow in a
driven circuit.
One should realize that every frequency, every current,
every wave, and every electrical chance in the external circuit
las its corresponding reflection in the electrical grounc
capacitance, particularly in its scalar (massless current,
phi-dot) aspects.
And one should realize that, in the earth's own
electrostatic scalar potential field, the substructure is
patterned to the finest detail.
Every pattern, every thought,
everXmental."
emotion, every intent is there
-- both the physical and
the
We respond to the system, and it responds to us,
to at least a slight degree. (46)
3.0 A BRIEF OVERVIEW OF HEALTH AND DISEASE
The Body Electric. The functioning mind and body are
but in che
electromagnetics, not just orthodox
already shown an extended electromagnetic model where both mind
and matter, and their coupling, are included. (47) This model
is hyperdimensional; to the first order, the mind may be
modeled as a 3-space, but one that is three orthogonal turns
away (in infinite-dimensional space) from the ordinary 3-space
phased tiese of time, the us part of the son te
and thus part of the substructure
of ordinary electrical charge (massless component).
The mind
and body are in sympathetic, tuned resonance chrough
hyperspace; i.e., from the third lower level of virtual state
(charge state) to ordinary observer space (physical reality, or
observed mass).
3.1.1
Effect of mind on body.
Any sustained mental
stress constitutes a sustained pattern imposed into and onto
the hyperspatial charge flux that couples mind to body. This
pattern is thus slowly kindled into and onto the
bio-communication system of the body, and passes throughout the
-11-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
human nervous system and into and through each cell.
Depending
upon the orientation (fixed bias) of the individual's mind/body
coupling, this stress pattern will cause energy to be kindled
into one or more specific body portions, resulting in
interference and, if unrelieved, eventually in disease.
common language reveals an unconscious knowledge of this: a
stomach-oriented person may refer to the fact that he "can't
In the former case, stress is likely
to result in physical expression in the stomach, and in the
latter case in the heart. By the same token, activities --
such as free play (NOT stressful competition!) -- which relieve
mental stress also relieve and break up the harmful kindling
pattern in the physical body.
3.1.1.1
Emotion's role.
Actually, the word
"emotion" simply means "move out." It signifies that
"something" moves out from the mind into the body, engendering
body changes "emotion" is kindling of patterns from the
body reactions, and behavior. The fundamental
mechanism of
hyperspatial mind into the spatial body, through the
hyperspatial resonant coupling of mind and body. The
"something" that moves out from the mind is scalar resonant
patterns; the kindling process results in real electrical and
chemical changes in the body.
The powerful endocrine glands
act as "power stations" or "power amplifiers" for the emotional
kindling effect, with a scalar resonant center associated with
each gland.
The resonant scalar center historically has been
called a "chakra," and its existence has been known for
millenia in the Orient. The flow and kindling of anenergy
patterns has been known for millenia also, and generally
referred to as the flow of "chi" (China),
"ki" (Japan), oi
"prana" (India).
Scalar currents -- i.e., chi currents -- in
the body flow through the meridian systems discovered by the
ancient Chinese. Many scalar resonant points (acupuncture
points) exist on theh body, each associated with particular
of acupuncture points
Thus scalar
frequencies can affect specific plexuses of acupuncture points,
affecting specific body parts, with specific functions
engendered.
By Fourier expansion, a given scalar waveform can be
designed to affect specific organs, areas, or structures ano
engender specific effects in the biosystem. This, for example,
is the secret of 'Pavlita's psychotronic generators.
The individual's normal mental patterns in the relaxed or
released state represents his basic "emotional tone."
that pattern has essentially no harmful stresses or
biases,
then the individual is in perfect health (perfect ease). When
that pattern has harmtul stresses or biases, the individual's
health is hampered, and the normal functioning of th body is
altered by the kindled energy in the body. The individual is
then in a mentally-induced state of "dis-ease."
psychological treatment is aimed at releasing the stresses from
the mind, thus releasing the kindling stress patterns in the
body, and removing this mental cause of dis-ease.
-12-

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 3050, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In certain unusual cases, the mind can even interact with
itself, or split itself into essentially separate, functioning,
patterned groups or
"personalities." This is the phenomenon of
"split personalities," Again, treatment is aimed at reducing
and eliminating the stress which is responsible for the
"splitting," so that the multiple personalities "merge" again
into just one functioning patterned group.
3,1.1.2 Consciousness of the observer.
The
coupling between mind and body is two-way; that is, a
hyperspatial flux flows from the mind into the body, and a
hyperspatial flux flows from the body into the mind.
There is
a "hysteresis delay" in the time elapsed from the kindling of
one quantum change in the human body to the kindling of one
quantum change in the mind. Indeed, one's "consciousness"
(one's time awareness) is due to this hysteresis delay, as is
one's "observation of the physical world."(48) severe pressure
in the mind may result in intra-mental splitting into
interacting groups or personalities, which may vie for control
of the consciousness loop to the body nd nervous system. The
shifting of personalities will be evidenced by changes -- often
profound -- in body chemistry, electrical system, life outlook,
mental tone, etc.
3.1.2
Effect of body on mind. The body is both a
cuned receiver and a tuned transmitter.
The two-way coupling
of mind and body means that every physical cell, organ,
structure, and functioning has a counterpart in
the coupled
mind-world, due to hyperspatial feedback to the mind.
(Similarly, every mental nuance has a direct counterpart in the
physical body.)
Since there are two intermediate virtual
levels between body-world and mind-world 3-spaces,
There are
separate "hysteresis time delays" on these intermediate levels,
delay. "inside the overall consciousness "hysteresis time
In an elementary sense, these levels -- together with
their infolded time delays and patterns -- allow intermediate
between "mind"
Ẻnç
Functional groupings which are lowy levels of functioning
'aatter, ' and which
are intermediate
INSIDE MASSLESS ELECTRICAL CHARGE FIELD (ELECTROSTATIC SCALAR
POTENTIAL) itself.
The simplest way to look at these
intermediate levels is to regard them as SUBTLE ELECTRICAL
BODIES, inside the electrostatic scalar potentia-, were We
refer to the expanded electromagnetic meaning of "electrical.'
In this manner, there exists a real, poysical (though virtual)
electrical basis for those ancient Oriental systems which
classified functioning types of "etheric bodies" of an
individual. Note that we are speaking an expanded physics, not
just "metaphysics." The overall functioning is highly complex,
and beyond the scope of this paper; however, it is within the
present scope to point out the
solid physical basis for "subtle
energy bodies" or
internested "subtle energy fields" of a
living bio-organism.
Everything that goes on in the organism
-- in its mind, body, and intermediate subtle electrical bodies
-- patterns and structures the dynamic scalar field of the
organism.
-13-

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3115, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
levels. It can be seen
that the individual exists on several levels; indeed, he or she
must be modeled in at least seven dimensions if mental,
physical, and living attributes of the biological system are to
One may tnus speak
"levels of mind" or "levels of consciousnesa, "Of multiple
consciousness and the hysteresis time delay in the closed loop
coupling between mind-world and body-world are one and the same
This accounts for various psychological systems and the
conscious (sing y conscious, single nysteresis delay loop),
unconscious (multiply conscious, multiple hysteresis delay
loop), and subconscious (multiply conscious, multiple
hysteresis delay loop) minds.
"With the new electromagnetics,
psychology can be put on a solid physics basis, but that is
beyond the scope of this present effort. All the mind levels,
however, receive delayed kindling inputs from the physical
body, so that body conditions do affect mind conditions.
This
is particularly true for infants and small children, where
these loops are essentially "wide open" for impressing, without
censorship or evaluation.
Until physical experience has
incepted substantial mental functional groupings, the infant
and child-like mind is very much like soft wax, easily molded
into conditioned forms shaped by the experienced environment.
As the person matures, che conditioned personality responses
become much firmer, and much of one's conscious experience is
evaluated and interpreted before passing into unconsciousness.
3.1.2.2 Instinct.
We are born with certain
pre-programmed mental functions and groupings. These include
such things as beating the heart, reacting to pain and loud
noises, and reactions to hunger, pleasure, pain, etc. Thus
certain parts of one's functional two-way mind/body coupling
are already "hard-wired" and resonant. Indeed, one may build a
case that all the basic instinctual memory engrams already
exist, both as structures of cellular tissues and as
hyperspatial analogues of those structures in the mind,
and
simpiy groupings oi
at any fate, a great deal or
these instinctual
engrams and
behavior is already pre-programmed in the individual at birth,
and one is further conditioned by subsequent experience to
modify, group, or process these inborn engrams.
3.1.2.3 Learned response.
As we play the game
of life, the complex interplay and interactions of our mind and
body, and the intermediate electrical bodies, produce learned
or conditioned responses.
However, here we greatly extend the
concept of conditioned response by specifically including all
levels of the hysteresis loop in the mind/body coupling.
We
are constantly conditioned by our total environment and
experience, not just by the experiences of which we are aware.
these conditioned responses exist in the body, in the mino, an
in the two intermediate electrical body levels (i.e., in the .
scalar electrical aura of the body).
Each of us becomes ever
more unique, and no two of us are exactly alike. Many of our
learned responses are beneficial, but inevitably some of them
are not.
Note, however, that we are taking the view that all
-14-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2733, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
learned responses represent complex combinations and
permutations of the NORMAL basic inborn
hard-wired functioning
i the system. hat is, ones learned "software functions D'
interposing, interplaying, and intergrouping one's built-in
"hardware" functions.
3.1.2.4 Pain.
Certain hardwired responses
exist in the
physical body's coupling to the mind.
One of
these is a direct response to avoid or eliminate pain. This
response is a survival mechanism, for pain is normally sensed
and experienced when something is beginning to physically harm
the body.
The
more intense the pain, the greater the automatic
reaction engendered.
previously stated by this author (49) and include fear of being
cut by sharp objects, fear of being pierced by pointed objects,
[ot being
fear of ponderous movement, fear of sudden or rapid movement,
and fear of any threat to the eyes -- particularly by sharp
pointed objects.
3.2
in nature. (50)
3.2.1
Disease from external causes. Disruption can
come from a multitude of more fundamental external causes such
is viral and germ infection, physical damage, accidents.
deliberate intliction, electromagnetic effects, chemical
effects, ionizing radiation effects, etc. Note that all of
these environmental causes
produce physical changes in the
body; i.e., in its physical structure and functioning,
electrical functioning, cellular functioning, coherence, etc.
ultimately come from exchange of virtual particles; thus
ultimately SCALAR FIELD CHANGES account for all damage to and
malfunction of the body (51), since virtual particle exchange is
a scalar field function.
Rigorous Y.
engineer negating scalat field changes fi.e., deilberatel,
engineer the primary virtual state interactions), we can
radiate the body with them and cure or prevent any
environmentally-induced disease whatsoever. (52) That, of
course, will be the fundamental medicine of the future; for the
present, we must concentrate on basic devices to promote or aid
the body in healing itself from a variety of ailments.
George Yao's tailored microcrystal devices (Pulsors)
provide one example of the deliberate engineering of scalar
resonance devices to dampen and correct scalar deltas in the
body's expanded electrical system, thus directing the body's
condition from dis-ease to ease (health). Present medicine, on
the other hand, largely relies on drugs, surgery, radiation,
and physical therapy to cure or alleviate disease, and
vaccination to prevent germ-born and viral-born infectious
diseases. Note that, quantum mechanically, all drugs and
radiation produce effects by electrical means, at the virtual
particle exchange level. All curative actions of the body
itself also produce effects by similar virtual state electrical
-15-

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2633, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IN THE SENSE OF THE NEW ELECTROMAGNETICS, BOTH DISEASE
AND HEALTH ARE TOTALLY ELECTRICAL STATES, DISEASE BEING SIMPLY
A DEVIATION FROM THE NORMAL IN THE OVERALL QUANTUM MECHANICAL
STATE OF THE BODY AND ITS FUNCTIONING.
3.2.2. Diseases from within. The initial cause of a
disease may also be within the organism itself. For example,
immune disease is one form of disease caused from the
body's susceptibility to its own agents or antigens. Again,
the disease involves structural and/or functional changes in
the body itself and -- if we accept the quantum mechanical fact
that all physical changes are engendered by massless charge
(virtual particle) exchange, then the root of all illness is
electrical. (53) IT FOLLOWS
THAT THE IDEAL TREATMENT FOR ANY
ILLNESS IS ALSO ELECTRICAL,
ONCE THE EXTENDED ELECTROMAGNETICS
TECHNOLOGY IS DEVELOPED. (54)
4.0 THE PULSOR.
lao.
It is made of millions of specially designed and
4.2.1 Normal electrical effects. First, a
microcrystal is piezoelectric. That is, when mechanically
compressed, the
crystal produces an electrostatic voltage.
(More exactly, it produces a delta in the electrostatic
scalar
potential field in which it exists and which surrounds it.)
Application of an electric field produces contraction or
expansion in certain directions. (More exactly, application of
a "shadow E-vector" firld results in internal charged particles
moving themselves to comprise and compose an observable vector
E-field.
In addition, a microcrystal is electrostrictive.
distortion when
se independent the polority other, geetali fan
and generally
proportional to the square of the electric displacement.
Each microcrystal electrically may be viewed as having an
inductance (delay in producing current from an applied
voltage).
When two crystals are placed together, the
separating them constitutes a capacitance.
A crystal's
inductance is thus coupled with the capacitance of each gap
separating it and another microcrystal.
Thus each microcrystal
is part of a resonant "tank circuit" with every other
microcrystal.
The smaller the values of the resonant
components of a tank circuit, the higher the frequency it is
tuned to. The smaller the size of each crystal, the higher the
the size
frequency it is tuned to. The combinations and permutations of
wave (frequency) additions and interferences also result in
formation of large wavelengths and low frequencies.
In addition, every part, component, spacing, frequency,
combination, and permutation
is dynamic and changing. The
entire Pulsor thus is a pulsating, vibrating, highly dynamic
resonator filled with a staggering number of internested
-16-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2891, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
resonances, frequencies, and phases. If not structurally
layered, these dynamically changing internested oscillators
essentially would simply cover ALL frequencies in a certain
bandwidth, and at the same time would possess a fantastic
substructure covering frequencies from near zero to gamma ray
frequencies.
4.2.4
Scalar aspects.
The translation to the scalar aspecta
occurs as follows:
On the average, for any given single
resonance in the substructure, there exists an out-of-phase
counter-resonance.
Thus an enormously dense scalar field
emerges, with a scalat substructure covering frequencies from
near zero to gamma ray frequencies. The overall effect is to
make the Pulsor a giant scalar field crystalline generator.
The entire electrical and scalar effects of the
microcrystal and Pulsor are also enriched by magnetostriction
and magneto-optical rotation effects.
These effects also are
internested and cross-coupled, and infolded into a highly
complex scalar substructure.
The overall effect is that the Pulsor becomes a crystal
reactor which reacts to essentially any change -- scalar or
vector -- in its environment.
The Pulsor is sensitive to
environmental electrical and magnetic fields, and to scalar
electrical fields. It is also a composite of several thin film
components, and the composite has a cell-like appearance.
These structures act as capacitors and as accumulators of
The multicrystal layer of these
cellular structures with thin film separation functions
somewhat like a transistor to ordinary electricity, and more
like a human cell (with its double membrane and internal
In addition, multiple
resonant frequencies are produced by the multi-layered
capacitors and lattice inductances when excited; these multiple
resonances may themselves act as a Fourier expansion, yielding
#spacing
such
as
petween parallel
capacitors,
sizes of microcrystals,
certain structural orientations, etc., a Pulsor can be
constructed for a desired frequency bandwidth to match one of
the major frequency bandwidths of the human body.
Note also that each microcrystal is oriented randomly.
на от бобе.
The entire Pulsor thus can be viewed as a "crystal" which has a
gigantic substructure of internal orientations, electric and
On the whole, one may view
he quiescent Pulsor as a SCALAR CRYSTAL, with a nignlY comP-e›
substructure that sum-zeroes while the Pulsor is quiescent
(unstimulated except by ordinary electrostatic scalar potential
(spacetime, vacuum). The Pulsor thus produces and is immersed
in a very large, dynamically substructured, scalar field.
the composition of the microcrystals, the
specific gaps and contacts, the disordered orientations, and
ne tuned resonances, the Pulsor is extremely nonlinear.
It
characteristics of a highly nonlineal
system far from thermal equilibrium (i.e., it can act as a
"Prigogine system") -- particularly with respect to scalar
-17-

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3148, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
waves, currents, and resonances. In the Prigogine mode it can
function as a gating device from virtual state (scalar state)
to observable state, and vice versa. The direction of the
gating is determined by the type of stimulation.
In other words, the Pulsor can act as a translator. It
can translate "stress" of vacuum (scalar anenergy) into energy,
and vice versa.
In addition, the Pulsor becomes self-ordering in the
Prigogine mode; in that mode, large scale (macroscopic)
orderings (patterns) emerge from the microscopic and
submicroscopic "disorder" and stabilize. Since the Pulsor has
a very great many degrees of freedom, then by Prigogine
thermodynamics the stability of these emerging ordered forms
(patterns) can be very high.
Further, the multiple resonances of the Pulsor give it the
capability to produce single or multiple scalar beams, These
may intersect with the body's own scalar resonant anenergy in a
chakra to produce scalar interference, thus producing
(kindling)
'real electrical energy" (electron currents) in the
orthodox sense. This real energy can physically affect the
control and functioning of the powerful endocrine glands, the
central nervous system, organs, etc. The scalar patterns and
scalar anenergy, on the other hand, can affect the acupuncture
points and meridian system of the body, producing direct chi
stimulation of the entire body or any part, through stimulation
of the intermediate subtle energy bodies.
The Pulsor is a stable Prigogine device deliberately
constructed to resonate with one or more of the major scalar.
centers of the body and with the corresponding nodal points or
centers in the two intermediate subtle electrical bodies.
Thus
any foreign pattern or delta introduced into the Pulsor's
bandwidth affects and stimulates the Pulsor, which
automatically generates a precise counterpattern due to its
high Prigogine stability. This countereffect is somewhat
analogous to the precession of a gyro; introduction of a
force of one kind generateiprigogine
resultant force of an
puisor, the counterpattern is generated and amplif stai"
by the
highly stable ordering process being fed by a myriad of
disordered micrystalline actions composing the substructure.
Another view or analogy is to consider the overall
compensatory action of the Pulsor to be similar to the action
of a triode tube with direct feedback from plate to grid.
When
a disturbing signal voltage appears on the grid, a correlated
signal appears on the plate. However, the plate voltage output
in the conventional arrangement is 180 degrees out of phase
with the voltage disturbance on the grid.
If a direct feedback
the grid, the triode can be
adjusted to effectively "squelch" any disturbance of its grid.
In analogous fashion, the Pulsor generates a direct "negative
feedback" to squelch a disturbing scalar resonance delta. The
disrupting delta, of course, may come from environmental
effects or from internal conditions of the body to which the
Pulsor is coupled; it makes no difference to the Pulsor.
Further, just as the triode, the Pulsor also amplifies the
counterpattern feedback it generates. In that fashion, a
-18-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
condition of the body that has taken a long time to accumulate
and kindle sufficient energy to cause disease may be fairly
quickly relieved by
Pulsor counteraction, which more quickly
kindles "squelching" energy to remove the physical cause. A
further advantage of the Pulsor is that it simultaneously
squelches the disease-inducing scalar delta patterns in the
intermediate subtle electrical bodies.
5.0 MODERN POLLUTION OF THE SCALAR AURA OF THE BODY.
We are in constant exchange with our environment in scalar
electrical fashion.
Whatever is in our environment -- in the
slightest degree -- is in our scalar aura, and thus trickles
slowly into (and hopefully out of) our physical body system as
In modern life one is constantly bombarded by
hosts of poilatants, the electrical patterns of which directly
affect the electrostatic scalar potential, thus permeating our
scalar aura (subtle electrical bodies). These polluting
patterns trickle slowly into and out of our subtle bodies, with
some accumulation into our physical body via the kindling
mechanism.
Even the water in our cells exchanges the
"pollution" pattern. Thus chemicals, radiation (both ionizing
and non-ionizing), electromagnetic "smog," noise, electric and
magnetic fields, etc. all introduce their pollution patterns in
and through the body. Further, even the thoughts, actions, and
emotions of other bio-organisms -- human and otherwise --
contribute to the scalar patterns exchanged in and through our
subtle energy bodies, body, and mind.
The total environment --
weather, sky, clouds, earth, grass, trees, structures, living
organisms, and fields of all kinds
-- contribute to the scalar
patterns exchanged in and through our subtle energy bodies,
physical body, and mind.
5.1 Chemical pollution.
Chemical wastes dumped in an
area profoundly affect the scalar anenergy patterns of that
area, and thus slowly and subtly affect all living things
Even our agriculture
'has accentersons the environment, for
the use of chemical
fertilizers. Recall that chemistry is based on charge, or more
precisely, on "charged mass particle exchanges and
interactions." The massless charge portion, of course, is the
scalar substructure of the electrostatic scalar potential, and
idle exchange of course
is completely imbedded in a virtual particle flux exchange with
the environment. Thus the massless charge (scalar field flux)
patterns of any organism in the area is in an indirect
interchange with the massless charge flux patterns of the
chemical pollutants, through the medium of the natural
electrostatic scalar potential of the earth.
Of course, the entire effect on living systems is
drastically speeded up if direct physical contamination
enters
their physical bodies, introducing the physical chemical
changes (electrical charge patterns) directly and strongly.
Nevertheless, physically poisoning the earth also poisons
earth's living electrostatic scalar potential field, and
eventually the physical and subtle electrical bodies of every
living organism in that field, whether or not chemical
-19-

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2711, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ingestion by the organism occurs.
5.2. Electronic smog. All electrical and magnetic
signals introduced into the environment permanently affect it.
Recall that, in vacuum, these signals are actually patterns of
longitudinal waves: compression and rarefaction (scalar
longitudinal waves of massless charge flux) and circulation
(swirl in the scalar waves or scalar field environment).
A11
are shadow vectors. These scalar patterns are introduced into
the subtle electrical bodies, and into the physical body by
forward kindiing (positive time stream) and into the mind by
reverse kindling (negative time stream).
5,3. Mechanical smog. All rotating machinery,
explosions, sounds,
produce purely electromagnetic effects
at the quantum level.
also directly
etephus their scalar electrical aspects
modulate the scalar environment, and permeate the
subtle electrical bodies directly.
trickled into the physical body and the mind by kindling.
deck and t
The patterns are then
5.4. Overall effect: Thus we can model the environmental
exchange as one in which everything that occurs in the
environment produces inputs into the mind, subtle electrical
bodies, and physical body. Note that this includes both
from the natural environment and also
pollution changes from environmental distortions artificially
induced in the natural environment. Indeed, we may speak of
the "scalar temperature" of a certain pollution pattern in the
mind, a scalar temperature of the pattern in the subtle
electrical bodies, and a scalar temperature of that pattern in
Note that, scalar-wise, we must consider the entire
as alive, because scalar patterns from all
living things exist in, and permeate, each and every cubic
centimeter of it. Included, of course, are the life channels
spacetime
but not just
"singly" alive.
Thus we may correctly speak of pollutants as producing a
sick environment; scalar-wise, the living environment itself
can be described as healthy or diseased. Again, we may
of the specific scalar temperature of a given pollutant's
scalar pattern in the overall environmental ESP.
For example, note the effect that chemical fertilizers
actually produce. They accelerate the natural biochemistry of
plants; in one sense they act as drugs and "uppers" to the
living plants exposed to them.
produces effects in the living biosphere not unlike the
application of drugs such as "speed" in human beings.
Pollutant effects which are not "specific enhancers"
(accelerators) act as sludge or noise in the living ESP,
producing effects not unlike the application of drugs such as
"downers" in human beings.
and vibration, large rotating machinery, large power lines,
radio and television stations, and even imperfect sewage
-20-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2735, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
systems produce scalar pattern analogs which are "downers" to
the local environment. (54)
Further, each biological organism in an area is in a total
scalar exchange with its environment.
If the local environment
is diseased, it produces disease effects in every living
organism there. (55)
Factors in environmental treatment. Since we can
Specifically, we are interested in
local environmental treatment and -- for long range
application -- eventual treatment of the entire environment.
It is necessary to understand certain factors involved, before
one can comprehend the means of treatment of either the local
or total environment.
5.5.1 Scalar pattern interconnectedness.
First, we
From a scalar viewpoint, structuring
of scalar patterns into finer and larger patterns -- creation
of substructures and superstructures -- are indeed the
engineering aspects of creating "giant photons." For a
fundamental frequency, viewpoint, its first superharmonic
(i.e., twice the frequency of the fundamental) is the first
frequency of the higher band that becomes beautifully in phase
fundamental giant photon can thus be expressed as a function of
the frequency band between a fundamental and its first super
harmonic. That is, we regard all higher frequencies outside
the range of the fundamental to its first superharmonic as
merely functions (super harmonics) of that range.
regard the substructure of the individual giant photon as being
a function of the frequency bandwidth between its fundamental
frequency and its first superharmonic.
Similarly, the above fundamental itself is a subharmonic
of the substructure of some part of any other giant photon.
Without pursuing the complexity, it can be seen that, by this
approach, each and every giant
and a part of, each
and every other act
actuali!
photon.
is congested to,
giant photons and their interconnectedness are simply
patternings, structures, and dynamicisms in the overall
electrostatic scalar potential.
Through this interconnected superstructure, changes are
propagated nearly instantly. (56) Indeed, it is the view of this
author that the speed of propagation may be approximated as an
ortegral power of come speed of light, so that the speeds are
5.5.2
Living range fundamental bandwidth.
For the
purpose of producing scalar effects on biological systems, the
frequency bandwidth chosen as a fundamental is from the
infrared to the ultraviolet. Note that, as one starts from a
particular base frequency in the infrared and progresses
through higher and higher frequencies, one progresses to
visible light and then to UV, in which one reaches the first
superharmonic to the starting IR frequency. This IR-UV
fundamental range is highly significant to the living organism.
-21-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2907, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Both the IR and UV frequencies have been found to allow
production of the Kaznacheyev effect. (57) In addition, the
lethal frequency for one-celled organisms is in the UV. (58)
Strangely, single-celled organisms have been "killed" in the
dark by UV, placed in
suspended animation for twelve
generations, then revived
by exposure to visible light. (59)
From Kaznacheyev's work, it appears that the major fundamental
for the "life linkage" consists of, or at least involves, the
near UV. And from the work of West German scientists, the
linkage repeats in the IR, showing strong correlation to our
basic life range fundamental of IR to UV.
5.6
Pulsor ranges.
In his construction of the Pulsor,
George Yao has applied the principle of the living range
fundamental by producing units tuned to specific parts of the
Three major kinds of units for use in
treating the living environment are available: red Pulsors for
the low (IR) region, blue Pulsors for the high (OV) region, and
green Pulsors for the intermediate (main-life) region.
5.6.1
Red Pulsor.
Certain Pulsor constructions are
attuned to the lower part of the living range fundamental
bandwidth, and these are encased in red plastic to signify the
These red Pulsors resonate most pronouncedly with the
scalar energy flux in the lower subtle energy body and into the
physical body.
They especially affect the region of the pelvic
center of the body.
5.6.2 Blue Pulsor.
Certain other Pulsor
constructions are attuned to the upper part of the living range
fundamental bandwidth, and these are encased in blue plastic to
signify the UV.
These blue Pulsors resonate with the scalar
flux from the mind to and through the higher subtle energy
body, and on into the physical body. They especially affect
the mental and ego aspects of the individual, and the body
region from the throat to the top of the head.
5.6.3 Green Pu.sor.
Certain other Pulsor
constructions are attuned to the middle part of the living
range fundamental bandwidth, and these are encased in green
plastic to signify the green, living central "major" portion.
These especially affect the emotions and the region of the body
from the diaphragm to the throat center.
5.6.4
Scalar filter Pulsor. In addition, a future
Pulsor construction will be sensitive to the frequency bands
experienced by solid state electrical devices in their failure
modes.
Briefly, through the grounding (zero-vector) part of
the circuit, a solid state device receives a "hash" of scalar
pollutant frequencies and currents from the electrical power
circuit.
(Refer back to our explanation of scalar conditions
existing in electrical ground.) Normal filtering does not
affect this scalar hash at all, since it does not affect the
scalar structure of zero-ground.
Accordingly, over a period of
time the scalar hash slowly kindles in nonlinear portions of
the connected external circuitry.
Solid state diodes and
-22-

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Construction So Rese device to cutely outpatiny
construction.
for a period
to eliminate most ordinary failures and defects.
In the remaining "good" burned-in solid state devices, a
substantial percentage of future failures of is caused by'
cumulative kindling over time of the "scalar ground hash"
inside the diodes and
transistors themselves.
In fact, the
major "normal failure" mechanism for solid state devices is
this effect.
A Pulsor construction presently being developed by George
Yao will resonate with this "scalar hash" to produce a
negative, squelching, scalar delta pattern. This Pulsor will
act as a special scalar filter, removing the internal "scalar
hashạ from the electrical ground system and eliminating the
major ordinary cause of solid state device failure. When
protected by this filter Pulsor, one may expect the mean time
between failures (MTBF) for a solid state device to increase by
a factor of 3 to 4.
This Pulsor will not be further discussed
in this paper.
6.0 TYPICAL USE OF THE PULSOR,
The basic operation of the pulsor has already been
explained in Paragraph 4.
Essentially, the Pulsor reacts to
abnormal scalar deltas produced in the body by pollutants or
illness, producing a precisely negating scalar delta due to its
inherent Prigogine stability.
Thus the Pulsor interacts
directly with the subtle electrical bodies, producing effects
in the physical body due to forwerd kindling, and in the mind
due to backward kindling.
In other words, the Pulsor directly
counteracts negative deltas in the entire
mind/life-channel/body system. The Pulsors are made in three
frequency ranges, each affecting a portion of the IR-UV living
fundamental range, and consequently affecting the pertinent
portion of the body, subtle electrical bodies, and mind.
6.1 Physical types of Pulsors.
Pulsors are made in a
variety of types of containers, depending on how one intends to
apply them.
These include:
6.1.1 Box-type.
This type of Pulsor comes in a
small plastic box.
It is easily applied to the appropriate
parts of the body -- to the body energy centers -- to balance
them. This Pulsor comes in the three basic colors.
6.1,2 Belt clip-on Pulsor,
This Pulsor comes with a
clip, so that it can easily be clipped on to the belt or waist
of the trousers. It is worn and used for balancing and
protecting the overall body energy fields. This type Pulsor
comes in the three basic colors.
6.1.3 Medium Pulsor.
The medium Pulsor is a general
purpose unit, for use on electrical appliances and the
telephone, to nullify detrimental scalar radiations one might
otherwise receive over these media (from the electrical ground
-23-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2747, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the power system, and from the electrical ground of the
telephone system.)
Again, all three colors are available,
6.1.4
Round Pulsor.
This is also a genera. purpose
unit, and it can be carried in the pocked or tucked in one's
garments.
It also may be placed permanently on telephones,
electrical appliances, gas lines, or water lines. Note that
all
these
their individual
hash.
system «grounds" contain different mixes of scalar
essentially possess their own networks; hence
Also, the round Pulsor can be placed on the panel cover
of the electrical switch box, nullifying one of the major nodes
for entry of atmospheric radiations onto the electrical system.
The round Pulsor may also be placed in the refrigerator, to
negate harmiul scalar hash patterns so rampant in our
The round Pulsor comes onnly in the red
color, since it is intended to interact with the lower portion
of the living fundamental range.
6.1.5 Pulsor pendant. This is a Pulsor intended to
be worn
center for females.
chain, and comes in assorted natural genuine stones. The
purpose of this Pulsor pendant is to help maintain the body's
natural polarity and energy flow pattern.
6.1.5 Pu sor ring+
Again, this Pulsor comes ir
assorted natural genuine stones and is a very
convenient form
of Pulsor for personal use.
When eating out in a restaurant,
it may be use for polarizing (negating deleterious scalar hash
patterns) in the water and food.
It may also be used for
non-contact aura healing, since it affects the subtle
electrical bodies (scalar auras).
6.2.6 Additional remarks. The purpose of each of these
Pulsors is to negate deleterious scalar anenergy patterns in
one's subtle energy bodies, mind, body, food, water, and
and friggine Stability, the
its unique
precise
scalar counterpatterns against deleterious, unnatural
deltas in our total environment.
Thus the Pulsor balances or
"repolarizes" the body system, including all its subtle energy
In the modern world, one is continually exposed to
electrical bombardment from a variety of sources: Radios,
fluorescent lightings, telephone systems, gas
line scalar radiation, chemical poliutants, sound, noise
shock, rotating and operating machinery (such as one's everyday
automobile), jet engines, etc.
One is also subjected to
deliberate scalar patterns of a harmiul nature, introducec
through the medium of powerful, long-range radiation of the
northern Western hemisphere from the Soviet Union.
In
addition, the foods and water we ingest is also polluted by
scalar patterns from all these things and more. Metal objects
we carry on our body -- zippers, watches, necklaces, rings,
belt buckles, loose change, and costume jewelry -- particularly
act as antennas, collecting the energy-disorienting radiations
-24-

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2308, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
and waves. Also, the background electrostatic scalar potential
field serves as a direct coupling carrier between our subtle
electrical bodies (scalar fields) and these harmful pollutants.
The Pulsor has been designed to protect one from the daily
bombardment of destructive and harmful electrical pollution
all these sources, because these pollutants alter the
body's natural polarity and scalar substructure, eventually
resulting in problems like tension, frustration, headaches,
continual apprehension (anxiety), and pain. Chronic exposure
to the pollutants
results in any one or more of a wide variety
of disease conditions being slowly kindled into the physical
body. These chronic patterns can also be countered by regular
use of Pulsors.
6.2 Additional information.
The Pulsor will not prevent radiation burns,
put cut my tea natural dia onenergy fontina, aps the
natural ability of the body to heal itself is enhanced, giving
enhanced recovery.
6.2.2 The nervous irritability of persons is
primarily due
to a disturbance in their subtle energy (scalar
anenergy) fields. The Pulsor can also produce countering
patterns for this condition, stabilizing and repolarizing the
nervous condition of the person.
The Pulsor has
optical properties and its
emissions have kindling properties.
Sometimes the Pulsor will
expose photograph plates after sufficient kindling time (e.g.,
72 hours) has elapsed.
6.2.4 To the psychic or clairvoyant (i.e., one who
uses his two cerebral hemispheres in a scalar interferometer
mode), the Pulsor typically exhibits a gas-like flame
surrounding it.
6.2.5 The Pulsor affects everyone, but only a few
perceive its scalar field operation directly (psychically, or
by the scalar interferometer use of their cerebral hemispheres
6.2.6 Since water absorbs scalar anenergy and
anenergy patterns, it also absorbs the scalar pattern radiation
of Pulsors. Water can be charged up with scalar energy,
including the scalar energy from the Pulsor.
its associated nerve system to stimulate a stomach reflex.
Pulsor applied directly to the stomach, or near it, will
activate a stomach reflex, aiding in digestion and relieving
tension around the shoulders and neck region.
6.2.8 Some persons feel the stroking of the Pulsor
along their skin. This is due to the fact that the skin has
-25-

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
peen shown to have a vertical electrical field gradient:
Hence
a difference in scalar potential exists between the inside and
the outside of the skin. That is, the skin acts as a SCALAR
CAPACITANCE, and accumulates scalar flux from its internal and
external environments.
A CHANGE in
the skin's external scalat
environment is invoked by "stroking" of the Pulsor nearby.
Thus scalar currents are induced in the skin by the stroking
Pulsor, where they can be detected by the sensitive synaptic
firings of the nerve endings in the skin. A sufficiently
sensitive person can be consciously aware of this effect. (60)
6.2.9 The Pulsor anenergy can be detected by most
persons as a drawing, pricking, and creeping feeling.
6.2.1ø0 The Pulsor directly induces anenergy and
anenergy patterns into people, through the several mechanisms
previously described in detail.
6.3
Typical placements of the Pulsor.
6.3.1 To balance body scalar energy fields. Lie
down on the floor with feet facing south. Hold e red Pulsor in
the left hand and a blue Pulsor in the right hand. Place a
green Pulsor on the solar plexus it male; if female, place the
green Pulsor on the heart center. Hold for 5 minutes. Now
place the hands under buttocks, still holding the Pulsors, It
is important that your elbows be straight, not bent. Hold
comfortably for 5-10 minutes.
Then remove the hands from under
the buttocks, while still holding the Pulsors, and move them to
the front of
the hip joints. Hold comfortably for 4-5 minutes.
6.3,2 To amplify and center the body's auric fields
(subtle electrical bodies).
Simply wear the appropriate
colored Pulsor or Pulsors. When negative scalar anenergy
patterns have displaced the aura, the Pulsor will re-center the
aura and balance its fields by generating countering patterns
that squelch the negative condition.
6.3.3 To remove negative scalar patterns being
broadcast by appliances or stored in their metals. Simply
place the Pulsor on any electrical appliance, such as
telephone, radio, television set, etc.
6.3.4 To heal a sore throat. Place red and blue
Pulsors at the throat area, blue on the right side and red on
the left side, and hold in place either with a turtleneck
sweater, shirt collar, or scarf.
Leave on until sore throat
disappears -- usually
overnight while sleeping.
6.3.5 To relax the neck and shoulders (relieve
tension). Lying on the right side, bring knees up to the chest
area, as in the fetal position. Hold red Pulsor in left hand
and blue Pulsor in right hand.
Now cross the arms over each
other, right arm first with the blue Pulsor on the left
shoulder.
Cross the left arm over with the red Pulsor on the
right shoulder.
Hold for 5-10 minutes.
-26-

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2497, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.3.6
circulation.
Pulsor on the pubic bone and a blue Pulsor on the tailbone at
Piss bone and a bike ful on
Place a red
che cocyx.
For the right foot, place a green Pulsor on the
right hip joint; within 3-4 minutes, the cramps should cease.
It the cramps continue, massage the
immediate area with a green
Pulsor.
For the left leg, place a green Pulsor on the left hip
joint and repeat the procedure.
6.3.7 To relieve lower back problems, or poor
circulation in legs.
Lie down with feet pointing south.
Place
a green Pulsor under you on the tailbone, a red Pulsor under
the right kidney, and a blue Pulsor under the left kidney.
Sleep with this arrangement overnight.
6.3.8 To relieve stress.
Lie down on the back with
red Pulsor on the spleen, and a blue Pulsor on the liver.
Place a green pulsor on the forehead, por
best results, place the leit palm over the red Pulsor and the
right palm over the blue Pulsor. Close your eyes nd try to
concentrate on the energy flow pattern within your body.
Hold
comfortably for 20 minutes to an hour, or as required.
6.3.9 For stimulation. (Done in two parts; the
second part requires assistance).
6.3.9.1 First part.
Cross the hands over the
body, reversing the positions of the Pulsors, so that the red
Pulsor is on the liver and the blue Pulsor is on the spleen.
Hold comfortably for 4-5 minutes.
Take the Pulsors to the top of each shoulder. Hold
comfortably for 4-5 minutes.
Now move the Pulsors to the back of the neck, behind the
bars, crossing hands over so that the red Pulsor is behind the
right ear and the blue Pulsor is behnid the left ear. Hold
comfortably for 4-5 minutes.
6.3.9,2 Second part (requires assistance). Lie
face down with feet still pointing south. Move Pulsors from
behind ears to shoulder blades area, close to the spine. Leave
there for 5 minutes.
Move Pulsors down to kidneys. Leave for 5 minutes.
Then move Pulsors out
to the elbows and leave 5 minutes.
Move Pulsors down to the feet, placing them on the soles
of the feet. Fasten the pulsors there with elastic bands, or
put under socks. Leave for 5 minutes.
Now lie on your back again. If a female, place the blue
Pulsor on the third eye (between the eyes in the forehead) and
the red Pulsor on the heart center. If a male, place the rec
Pulsor on the third eye and the blue Pulsor on the solar
6.3.10 For detoxification. Use the Star of David,
Triangle pattern.
To stimulate and release unharmonious energy
from the subtle electrical bodies and to release emotional
-27-

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2543, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
toxins. The Star of David
consists of two parts, and two sets
of Pulsors will be needed.
6.3.10.1 Step l. Stimulation (to bring
"energy" in).
lie down, feet pointing
south. Place a green
Pulsor at the middle of
the back opposite the solar plexus.
Place a blue Pulsor under the right hip socket joint and a red
Pulsor under the left hip socket joint. This "upwards
pointing" triangulation creates a stimulation of body centers,
bringing in anenergy from the lower chakras to the solar
6.3.10.2
Step 2. Relaxation (releasing
disharmonious "energies" from the spleen and liver areas, our
anxiety and anger centers). Place a green Pulsor on the pubic
bone, a blue Pulsor over the spleen, and & red Pulsor over the
liver. This "downwards pointing" triangulation creates a
release from the body centers, releasing all the accumulated
disharmonious emotional toxins. Leave Pulsors in this position
for at least 15 minutes, or longer.
6.3.1l For detoxification of the muscles (for
swelling, inflamation, or tenderness). Sore and tender muscles
may be due to an over-accumulation of uric acid and lactic
acid, which are waste products of the system, In an area where
the normal waste elimination channels are blocked or
non-functional, one may have swelling, inflamation or
tenderness of the skin and muscles. Perform the following two
steps:
6.3.11.1
Step 1. Place a Pulsor in a plastic
bag
and then wrap the Pulsor in a washcloth. Dip the washcloth
in a salt solution (l teaspoon salt to 1 glass of warm water)
and rub it over the affected area. If the area has congestion,
it will usually react very quickly by displaying a reddish skin
suriace, which eventually turns into a deep purple within a fek
minutes.
If one should have a fever or other discomfort fron
che sore skin or muscles,
next day, after a good night's sleep.
homogenized milk the first thing the next morning, without
other food. This will have a laxative effect on the bowel by
mid afternoon, sometimes accompanied by gas pains if one has an
impacted colon. on the other hand, drinking the milk with food
intake will be constipative.
Here we desire the mild laxative
effect to aid in detoxification.
7.0 SUMMARY.
As we have seen, present electromagnetics is based
primarily on vector force fields (electric field and magnetic
field) and contains significant foundations errors. It is thus
only a special case of a far more fundamental electromagnetics
that is based on scalar fields and substructures. References
from the literature have been cited to show that, indeed, much
-28-

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2085, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the basic foundations of this new electromagnetics is
already in the literature.
An overview of the new scalar electromagnetics has been
sketched out, and the concepts and terms necessary to
understand it have been presented. The new electromagnetics
allows the direct engineering of spacetime itself, and hence of
physical reality itself.
Again, many of the basic effects to
show such implications are already in the literature, and a
survey sampling of these experimental results have been
presented.
In terms of the new electromagnetics, everything can be
and fluxe in terms of scalar fields and dynamic scalar patterns
fluxes.
Specifically, health is regarded as a scalar
electrical condition, and
disease is a scalar electrical
condition induced by, and composed of, electrical deltas from
the normal electrical condition.
The expanded concept of scalar resonance has been
presented and briefly explained.
An overview of the model of a living biological system has
been presented in the new electromagnetics. Using this model,
a precise mechanism for
causes is developed.
The Prigogine effect has been briefly presented and
expiained, and the consequence of Prigogine stability, when
order emerges out of disorder, in a system far fron
thermodynamic equilibrium. It is this effect -- Prigogine
stability resists disturbing deltas in its scalat structure,
and generates counter deltas against them -- that enables the
Pulsor to generate a precise counterpattern
against
disharmonious, unnatural deltas in the body's subtle electrical
system. This allows the Pulsor to initiating specific
counterpatterns against electrical direase deltas into the
physical body by forward kindling and into the mind by backward
kindling.
The medicine of the future is seen as utilizing the new
testored ed the the last be cotected and not masons heat ny
The operation of the multilayered, structured,
microcrystalline Pulsor, invented by George Yao, is explained.
The Pulsor is an initial example of the beginning of the
medicine of the future, based on the new scalar
•Begining of plained
-29-

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2855, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOTES AND REFERENCES
1. Many of these major flaws are listed in Bearden, I. E.,
"Comments on the New Tesla Electromagnetics: Part I:
Discrepancies in the Present EM Theory," Tesla Book Company,
1580 Magnolia Ave., Millbrae, CA 94030, 1982.
2. Specifically, a new "conservation of energy" law emerges,
of which the present law is only a special case.
Vacuum has
"energy" as such, but has infolded "energy turned against
itself," in the form of spatiotemporal stress (anenergy). This
anenergy of vacuum can be tapped and unfolded into ordinary
energy (every virtual particle emission already does precisely
that in ordinary physics). Thus "free energy" is readily
achievable by means of the new electromagnetics approach.
Vacuum, spacetime, electrostatic scalar potential, massless
and the virtual state are all identically one and the
same thing. There exists a "zero quantum,"
which has no
"unfolded energy," but possesses "infolded energy" (anenergy).
Further, each quantum -- including the zero quantum -- has a
substructure of "infolded quanta," and hence "infolded stress
energy."
A specific quantum substructure can be deliberately
constructed and utilized.
Resonance becomes a much more
complex thing than it is
in present physics.
Newton's third
law, as we know it today, is a special case of a more
fundamental law: the "equal and opposite" reaction still
occurs, but it need not be observable, need not be singuir,
need not be local, and need not be antiparallel. (There are
many new ways of being "equal," and many new ways of being
"opposite.") A photon becomes a much more complex thing: in
essence, each photon has a substructure of infolded energy
(anenergy) -- 1.e., or opposing pnoton/antipnoton pairs.
entire structure is referred to as a giant photon," and the
"giant photon" can be deliberately constructed almost according
to specifications. The new approach is a unified field theory,
because a more primary mechanism now generates force itself;
force being
The probabilities and
statistics
PRES
deliberate causative control, in violation of the assumptions
of present quantum mechanics.
Virtual state engineering is
readily accomplished, and many more types of controlled
interactions are present in the new physics than were contained
in the old. The new approach also encompasses mind and intent
-- something the present physics only palely alludes to by use
3. Bearden, T. E., "Comments on the New Tesla
electromagnetics:
Part I: Discrepancies in the Present EM
Theory;" "Part II: The Secret of Electrical Free Energy," Tesla
Book Company, 1982.
4. Bearden, T. E., "Toward a New Electromagnetics: Part III:
Clarifying the Vector Concept," Tesla Book Company, 1983.
5. Bearden, T. E., "Toward a New
Electromagnetics: Part 4:
Vectors and Mechanisms Clarified," Tesla Book Company, 1983.
-3Ø-
Presentation delivered + the 100; ca, a

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2684, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Presentation delivered to
the 1983 Annual Conference of the U.
S. Psychotronics Association, July 20-24, 1983 t the
University of Portland, Oregon.
6. Bearden, T. E., "Part I: Solutions to Tesla's Secrets and
the Soviet Tesla Weapons," and Ratzlaff, John T., "Part II:
Reference Articles for Solutions to Tesla's Secrets," Tesla
Book Company, 1981.
7-
These currents are "virtual" and in opposition to each
other.
Vectorially, then, they sum to zero. That is, they are
real but have no observable vector resultant,
through space (through
Observably, the passage of an object through time and
electrostatic scalar potential, which is
what vacuum spacetime is) is the result of the interactions of
absorbed and emitted photon
envelopes with the object.
Photon
emission
and photon absorption account for the vectorial
translation through time and space, and the particle's spin
time and so
accounts for its mass, inertia, and gravitational condition.
9.
Note that the present "definition" (actually not a
definition but a working statement) of electrostatic scalar
potential (ESP) states that its magnitude represents the work
that must be accomplished against a unit charged mass to push
it in from infinity against the charged field potential.
Therefore the ESP field represents accumulated energy,
expressed in all directions. Thus it represents the stress of
vacuum spacetime, and contains infolded "energy" in that
stress.
10. Note that some references spell Aharanov's name as
"Aharanov," while others use "Aharonov. "
For a good
description of the Aharanov-Bohm effect, see Feynman, Richard
P.; Leighton, Robert B.; and Sands, Matthew; The Feynman
Lectures on Physics, Vo.. Il, Addison-Wesley Pub. Co., Reading,
revie the reited
H
PB: 15-10 e15909h 15-14. For a
see H.
Erlichson, American Journal of Physics, Vol. 38, 1970, P. 162.
see also D. Home and S. Sengupta, "A critical re-examination of
the Aharonov-Bohm effect," American Journal of Physics, Vol.
51, No. 10, October 1983, Pp. 942-947. A particularly
significant list of further related references is attached to
Home and Sengupta's article.
Perusal of the references quickly
shows the confusion physicists are in, regarding the
Aharonov-Bohm effect.
For example, the AB effect is regarded
as essentially a quantum-mechanical effect which vanishes in
1fg. 1o a senator vector, and not in Robeyale vec
However, note that the
and not an "observable vector."
Thus obviously it would be a QM effect, since it is subquantal
(virtual), and would vanish in the classical (observable)
limit.
The difficulty is that the vector concepts, being
utilized by the physicists to comprehend the AB effect, are
themselves in error.
-31-

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2969, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
l1. Note that the electrostatic potential is not due to the
"charged masses" per se, but due to the increased intensity of
the "spray " of virtual particle flux the accumulated charged
particles produce. The ESP is the virtual particle flux -- the
massless charge, not the mass. At a spatiotemporal point, the
magnitude of the ESP represents the intensity of the stress
upon and in spacetime (vacuum), since it represents the amount
of anenergy (infolded energy) existing in spacetime at that
ELECTROSTATIC SCALAR POTENTIAL IS A "STRESSED" ENTITY
AND ITS VALUE REPRESENTS THE MAGNITUDE OF ITS INTERNAL STRESS.
12. Tesla adamantly insisted that Hertz waves did not exist in
vacuum. In his words, "The Hertz wave theory of wireless
transmission may be kept up for a while, but I do not hesitate
to say that in a short time it will be recognized as one of the
most remarkable and inexplicable aberrations of the scientific
nind which has ever been recorded in history," (Nikola Tesla
The True Wireless," Electrical Experimenter, May 1919, p. 87.
Tesla was right and all the textbooks are wrong. Specifically,
transverse electromagnetic waves are actually precession waves
in gases made of spinning charged particles (such as the
electron gas in a transmitting antenna and in a receiving
antenna).
Electromagnetic waves in vacuum are "longitudinal"
or "sound" waves, as Tesla noted. But since one almost always
MEASURES the electron gas in the probe to his instrument, and
does not measure what is actually in the vacuum, one MEASURES
transverse Hertz waves. The transverse aspect is simply due to
the precession waves in the electron gas.
did not know of the electron, and did not know of its spin and
ne and did
Early EM theorists
precession.
Hence they erroneously concluded that they
MEASURED what was actually in the vacuum, and set up EM theory
correspondingiy.
All the present EM wave theory thus is set up
in accordance with what we MEASURE in election gases, NOT in
accordance with what is in the vacuum in the absence
of
spinning electrons.
Velocity
Big of Light
see Belyaev,
Vacuumii Izvestiva Vysshit Schengkh
"On Random Fluctuations of the
Zavedenil, Fizika, No. 11, Nov. 1980, PP. 37-42 (origina.
article in Russian; translation by Plenum Publishing Corp.)
The very careful work of Veinberg in 1903 clearly showed the
difference in the speed of light yielded by measurement on
earth and measurement in space. Experimentally the speed of
light is not a constant, but is subject to fluctuation.
See
also L'otstsi, M., The History of Physics (English
Translation), Mir, Moscow, 1970. This book contains the
following assertion: "Terrestrial measurements give
systematically a value for the velocity of light which is
higher than that obtained by means of astronomical methods; the
reason for this is unknown."
14. See Bearden, T. E., "Toward a New Electromagnetics: Part
4: Vectors and Mechanisms Clarified," Tesla Book Co., 1983.
15. Ibid., Parts 3 and 4.
-32-

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2656, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16. Ibid., Part 4.
17.
Ibid., Part 3,
18.
Ibid., Part 4.
19-
Ibid., Part 4, p. 43.
20-
Thus in some fashion the electrostatic scalar potential --
i.e., massless charge intensity -- must represent an
accumulation of energy in an unusual form; i.e., the ESP is
energy that has been converted into massless charge.
21. Let it be accented that vacuum has no "energy" per se, for
energy is not conceptually
equal to stress. Instead, the
vacuum has stress, or infolded "energy fragmented and set
against itself."
This vacuum (spacetime) stress is more
properly referred to as "anenergy."
22. Note that the present linear conservation of energy law
assumes that the spatiotemporal stress of vacuum does not
change across the system in which energy is being conserved.
However, spatiotemporal stress may become a sink or a source
for energy, depending upon the nonlinear translation conditions
established. If the stress of the vacuum varies within the
system, then energy need not be conserved therein. Note also
that the stress of
the vacuum, the massless charge of the
vacuum,
and the stress on the virtual state are all one and the
same thing. Note also that, in present physics, as is well
known the emission or absorption of a virtual particle always
violates the conservation of energy. The reason is simple:
emission or absorption of a virtual particle adds to or
subtracts from the vacuum's local virtual particle flux. This
represents an increase or decrease in the charge of the vacuum,
hence Bo, hence the "infolded energy" of vacuum. Thus the
vacuum is either giving anenery to an absorbing particle (which
converts the anenergy to ge converted
emitting particle lin energy
is dealing with the particle's and the vacuum's infolding or
unfolding of energy.
To prove that not all crows are black,
one only need exhibit one white crow. And to prove that the
"conservation of energy" law is not inviolate, one need only
exhibit a single case of its violation. The emission or
absorption of a virtual particle already constitutes such a
"white crow" in particle
Thus THE EXISTENCE OF A
CHARGED PARTICLE ITSELF VIOLATES
PhysicS' THE CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
LAW, BY THE PRESENT MODEL OF CHARGE AS A VIRTUAL PARTICLE FLUX
ON AND OFF A BARE MASS.
Also, the concept of energy itself is greatly confused.
For one paper touching on some very pertinent aspects of that
confusion, see G. Falk, F. Herrmann, and G. Bruno Schmid,
"Energy forms or energy
carriers?", American Journal of
Physics, Vol. 51, No. 12, December
1983, PP. 1074-1077.
At best,
the "time dimension" is an "unzippe!%! dimension,
broken into pieces so short as to be of virtual length. It is
-33-

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2595, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
thus a "shadow" dimension, as
indeed are length dimensions.
Actually it is
spacetime which is flowing; that is what the
flux" on a bare particle of mass IS, in a charged particle
system. Any charged particle is constantly
absorbing and
emitting spacetime. Spacetime is NOT a "mathematical
framework, " but rather it is a FLUX.
24-
I stress how important this concept is. E.g., see
Lapkovskii, A. K., "Relativistic Kinematic Equations and the
Theory of Continuous Media," Soviet Physics Journal, Vol. 21,
No. 6, June 1978 (December 1978, translation from lavestiva Vuz
Elzika: Although a translation of the paper itself is not
available, the translated abstract reveals a new Soviet
approach to the theory of continuous media.
The fundamental
concept utilized is "a piece of the medium." Another Soviet
article in my files refers to the rigorous placing of physics
itself upon the concept of a piece of the vacuum medium.
For a
measurement of the angular momentum of vacuum itselt, see
Graham, G. M. and Lahoz, D. G., "Observation of static
electromagnetic angular momentum in vacuo," Nature, Vol. 285, l
' , 15 May 1980, PP. 154-155.
For a purely geometric model of
a fundamental particle, see Battey-Pratt, E. P. and Racey,
T.
J., "Geometric Model for Fundamental Particles," International
Journal of Theoretical Physics, Vol. 19, No. 6, 1980, PF, ir
437-475.îšę
Also see Ebon, Martin, "Moscow, June 11, 1977,
his book, Psychic Warfare: Threat or Illusion, McGraw-Hill Book
handed to Bob Toth, a Los Angeles
scientist Valery G. Petukhov caused immediate pickup of the tvo
men by the KGB.
They were charged with passing Soviet state
Specifically, sensitive words regarded as classified
The Soviets, of
is longitudinal radiation, whose "photons" are mlittle pieces
scalar waves as
of vacuum." Indeed, there is reason to believe that the entire
Soviet classified energetics program is based on this new kind
of physics. For a crude derivation of Newton's laws of motion
(relativistic form) and the square law of gravitation, see
Bearden, T. E., "Quiton/Perceptron Physics: A Theory of
Existence, Perception, and Physical Phenomena," Defense
Documentation Center, 1973. In that paper I called a little
piece of the vacuum medium a "quiton," and used the concept to
crudely derive Newton's laws of motion and the law of
gravitation.
25. See Bearden, T. E., "Toward a New Electromagnetics: Part
4: Vectors and Mechanisms Clarified," Tesla Book Co., 1983, pp.
26-27, 58.
26. Cf P. Glansdorff an I. Prigogine, Thermodynamic Theory of
Structure, Stability and Fluctuations, Wiley Interscience, New
-34-

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2801, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
York, 1971.
In 1977 Ilya Prigogine received the Nobel Prize
for originating the theory of thermodynamics of a nonlinear
system far from thermal equilibrium. I. Procaccia and J. Ross,
Science, Vol. 198, P. 716, 18 November 1977 describe
Prigogine's fundamental work, which shows that such a system
can indeed demonstrate negentropy. Out of unrestrained
disorder there can and does arise order, contrary to the old
thermodynamics.
27.
The Prigogine effect is also involved in the remote
production of earth stress lights from stressed quartz-bearing
rocks in the earth, fed by massless currents (phi-dot).
For an
excellent scientific investigation of earth-stress lights, see
Wiedemann, C. Louis, "Results of the N.J. 'Spook Light' Study,"
Vestigia Newslette '"Mystery Lights - a Further Update,
Vestigia, RD 2, Brookwood Rd., Stanhope,
NJ 07874.
See also
Vestigia Newsletter,
Winter 1978, P. 5. For another photograph
of an earth-stress light, see Don Moser, photographs DY Blair
Pittman, "Big Thicket of Texas," National Geographic, Vol. 146,
No. 4, October 1974, PP. 504-529.
it also appears that, under
certain circumstances, the human brain itself can act as a sort
of "Prigogine crystal."
SANTE
28. In the linear case. If the case is highly nonlinear
(i.e., if the ambient stress of the vacuum varies significantly
across the interference zone), then more or less energy may be
produced in the interference zone than exists in the total of
ince one
the two interfering waves.
29. Note that some firewalkers are also fire handlers.
That
is, they also pick up and hold red hot coals with their hands
-- or even blisteringly hot steel chains, in their moutha, as
demonstrated by one practicioner from Australia on the "That's
Incredible!" television show, broadcast on Monday, December 26,
1983.
be drastically empanded.
substructure, which may be patterned.
31. All matter -- particularly in the nuclei of atoms --
possesses such nonlinear resonances. Accordingly, mass itself
acts as a "scalar capacitance" and can be "charged up" with
scalar energy (and "discharged" as well.) In fact, this effect
has been the bane of several unsuspecting unorthodox free
energy researchers.
In fiddling with "strange
electromagnetics," they have produced scalar waves and scalar
patterns for an extended period of time, effectively "charging
up" the local area in which they are experimenting.
known by quantum physicists, the present "conservation" laws
are statistical laws which work on the average. Now the
statistics of these laws can be biased by scalar charging of an
area.
In that case, for example, one might be able to produce
i certain free energy reaction, repeatably, in that area.
Yet
the device is moved a significant distance, it is out of the
charged, statistically biased area and thus the old

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 3011, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
conservation laws again apply.
Several legitimate inventors of
free energy devices have been astounded when the devices failed
to work when moved to a different location. What must be done
is to keep the same equipment running in the original location, .
then simultaneous produce a similar effect at another location
with a second identical device. One must keep building
additional devices and relocating them, "spreading the scalar
charge pattern" that biases the statistics of conservation of
energy
in the particular fashion being used by that invention,
After several widely separated stations are on line and
working, the entire earth charges up with the pattern.
Thereafter, that particular device and effect will work
anywhere on earth at any time, and any of the devices can be
relocated at will. Professor William Tiller, one of the few
scientists who is aware of such an effect, refers to it
succinctly as "growing the archetype," and I am indebted to him
32. The body's intercellular virtual-state communication system
was discovered by Dr. Fritz A. Popp of West Germany. See Fritz
Albert Popp, "Photon Storage in Biological Systems,"
Electromagnetic Bio-Information, Urban and Schwarzenberg,
JJ. V. P. Kaznacheyev et al, ạẠDistant Intercellular
Interactions in a System of Two Tissue Cultures,"
Psychoenergetic Systems, Vol. 1, No. 3, March 1976, PP.
141-142; "Apparent Information Transfer Between Two Groups of
Cells," Psychoenergetic Systems, Vol. 1, No. 1, December 1974,
P. 37; "Conditions Necessary for Appearance of
distant
Intercellular Interactions after UV-radiation," Bulleten
Experimentalnoy Biologii i Meditsiny, No. 5, 1979, PP. 468-47-
(in Russian).
Kaznacheyev and his fellow researchers
that any kind of death and disease pattern could be transmitted
through the ultraviolet frequency channel from one cell culture
to another, under appropriate conditions.
3,368,155.
See Priore, Antoine, Tench Patents # 3,290,816;
Also Priore,
"Procede et Dispositif de
Production de Rayonnements Utilisables Notamment Pour le
Traitement de Cellules Vivantes," Republique Francais: Brevet
d'Invention P. V. No. 899,414; No. 1.342.772, 1963. For two
decades Antoine Priore of
France has cured all manners of
cancers and leukemias in laboratory animals with his machine,
built and funded by the French government. Briefly, he creates
a strong magnetic field, capable of penetrating an animal's
body through and through, assuring that every cell in the body
is penetrated, The magnetic field serves as a carrier for
multiple modulations place on it in a huge tube containing a
glant Plasma (which acts as a translator), Thus Priore is
doing scalar wave engineering and constructing giant photons,
which penetrate the body.
The substructures of these giant
photons interact with nonlinear trigger resonances in each
cell, kindling
energy directly into the targeted cell.
Prioré's real genius is that he has found patterns which do not
affect normal human cell resonances, but directly interact with

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2883, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the different trigger resonances existing in cancerous cells.
Thus to the normal cell, exposure to the beam is rather like
combing
the hair, while to a cancerous cell it is rather like
being placed directly in the radiation from a microwave oven.
The cancer cell receives
kindled energy that destroys it.
However, the cancer cell's scalar contribution to the body's
overall bio-communication system has affected the scalar
substructure of every cell in the body.
Therefore the entire
the host -- every cell -- must be exposed to the Priore
machine's radiation. For a virtual-photon approach to the
cellular bio-communication system of a biological organism, see
"photon Storage in Biological Systems,"
Electromagnetic Bio-Information, Urban & Schwarzenberg,
1979, PP. 123-149. For a good summary
article about Prioré's work, see Rorvik, D. M.,
"Do the French
Have a Cure for Cancer?i, Esquire, July 1975, PP.
See also Bateman, J. B., "Microwave
Magic, 04lice of Naval Research, London, ONRL C-14-77, 1977;
and "A Biologically Active Combination of Modulated Magnetic
and Microwave Fields: The Priore Machine," Office of Naval
Research, Report Number R-5-78, 1978. See also Courrier, R.,
"Expose par M. le Professeur R. Courrier, Secretaire Perpetuel
de L'Academie des Sciences fait au cours d'une reunion a
L'Institut sur les Effets de la Machine de M. A. Prioré, " 1977.
35.
For a good description of the Soviet microwave radiation
of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, see Brodeur, Paul, The Zapping
of America, W. W. Norton & Co., New York, 1977.
'wo U.S. ambassadors died of cancer and a third,
Ambassador Stoessel, suffered a mysterious blood illness,
debilitation, and bleeding from the eyes.
Such as complete official disbelief that the microwave
radiation could be an active inducing agent for anything.
Eventually, of course, aluminum screens were installed -- which
waves not a whit.
the scalar
substructures, and giant photons, one will never understand the
strange effects induced in personnel in the U.S. Embassy in
MOSCOw.
38.
See "Soviet Device Uses Radio Waves as Tranquilizer,"
Huntsville Times, Associated Press release. (The AP release
was carried by many other U.S. papers as welll. The LIDA
machine uses a 40 MHz carrier and specialized wave forms to
induce tranquilization of a mammal in a few minutes. It can
affect either an animal or a human. Dr. Ross Adey, Chief of
Research at the Jerry L. Pettis Memorial Veterans Hospital,
Loma Lima, California, tested the machine and verified its
results.
He even transfixed a cat in two or three minutes of
exposure to the machine's radiation. The effects lasted some
30 to 40 minutes after the machine was turned off.
The article
credits Dr. Adey with the observation that the LIDA machine may
have been a forerunner of a device that is presently bombarding
Europe and the United States with powerful 6 to 30 MHz radio
-37-

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2854, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
waves.
That is, the LIDA may have been a forerunner of the
Soviet "Woodpecker" transmitters For the manner in which the
Woodpecker signals entrain the brain and synchronize it to a
known time base, see Bearden, "Soviet
'Woodpecker' Signals,"
The Excalibur Briefing, Strawberry Hill Press, San Francisco,
CA, 1980, PP. 258-261.
39. Since the mid-70's, the Soviet Union has been bombarding
Europe and the United States with powerful signals in the
the sochet
communications band (6-30 MHa). The sound of the chirped
waveform is similar to the sound of a woodpecker's beak
striking wood, hence the nickname "woodpecker."
to th nickname
Officially
these transmitters are adamantly tagged as "over-the-horizon
radars" by the U.s. intelligence community, which knows nothing
of scalar wave technology, as evidenced by its complete lack of
understanding of the microwave radiation of the U.s. Embassy in
MoScow.
(Neither does the U.S. scientific community, to whom
the intelligence community must turn in such cases.)
Using
specifically tailored giant photons, the woodpecker signals
could accomplish weather engineering on a continental scale --
and this author has recently uncovered evidence that the
anomalous weather experienced by the U.S. in the spring of 1983
and in the winter of 1983-84 is directly due to Soviet weather
engineering. Also, the woodpecker could accomplish mind
control, death and
disease induction, and other biological
effects on a frightening
scale. It could also accomplish
earthquake induction in distant target areas. And, yes,
of
course it could also perform over-the-horizon radar functions
if really needed to keep orthodox radar analysts happy!
40. Gilbey, John F., "The Delayed Death Touch, " Secret
Fighting Arts of the World, Charles E. Tuttle Co., Rutland,
Vermont., 1963, pp. 13-22.
41. For a good description and history of radionics, see
Russell' spearman,
Report
Neville
ạEaward W- London, 1973"
Radionics: Science of the Future,
42.
The two cerebral hemispheres of the human brain seem to be
such adaptive scalar resonance devices with enormously deep and
rich substructuring capabilities. The cerebral hemispheres can
apparently be used in either a transmitting or receiving mode,
and in a scalar interferometer mode for either transmitting or
receiving.
43.
Except that one may produce a magnetic wave that possesses
no electrical field, in violation of present theory.
44. Apparently the Soviets have long since discovered and used
this effect in their classified weapons research. A Soviet
scientist would of course not be permitted to write of this
lirectly, but it clever, he might siip it through the officia.
censorship in a reverse
"Experimental Determination of the Free-Fall Acceleration of a
Relativistic Charged Particle. II. A Cylindrical Solenoid in a
time-Independent Field of Inertial Forces,"
- 38-

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2620, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fizika, No. 7, 1979, pp. 829-833. Gonyaev details that
exposure of an ordinary helical coil to an acceleration field
produces an electrostatic field about the coil. By reversing
his work, one sees that rotating an electrostatic field around
a scalar massless current through
the coil -- i.e., Producing«free A-field" around it -- should
the coil, which produces a
produce the inertial acceleration field. The natures of
gravity and antigravity have been hidden lo these many years
because of our fundamental errors in the conceptual foundations
of electromagnetic theory and in the conceptual foundations of
vector theory.
45.
Tesla used a gigantic elevated capacitance, very high
voltage, and a very deep and extensive ground plane.
BY
oscillating ordinary signals between the elevated capacitance
and ground, he could adjust their trequency to correspond to
earth resonances. In that case the earth itself would
establish in-phase scalar (zero-vector, superconducting)
resonance between the elevated capacitance and the earth
capacitance, and furnish enormous energy
which acted somewhat as a triode. That is, Tesla would input
i rated
to his transmitter,
the normal grid signal in resonance with the earth, which would
furnish a much larger cathode-to-plate power. In other words,
the earth would feed power into Tesla's resonant signal in
phase, greatly amplifying the power output of the transmitter.
46.
Indeed, Sheldrake's morphogenetic field is simply the
ordinary electrostatic scalar potential, the waves in that
field are scalar waves, and the currents in that field are
scalar currents.
47. See Bearden, The Excalibur Briefing, 1980, PP. 165-182.
48. Ibid., pp. 165, 180-181.
49. See T. F. Bearden, Yoseikan Aikido, 1973 (privately
published).
50-
I.e., ultimately everything is a pattern, whirl,
condensation, flux, etc. in electrostatic scalar potential
(spacetime, vacuum). Thus it is a dynamic pattern in a scalar
field.
51. See note 50 above.
Everything is dynamic microscopically;
hence simply patterns of dynamic changes in electrostatic
scalar potential.
52. Any physical structure or damage, chemical or electrical
disorder or malfunction, or disease condition is simply a
dynamic pattern in electrostatic scalar potential. Energy,
e.g., is condensed anenergy (virtual particle flux, vacuum,
spacetime, massless charge, ESP). Mass, being condensed
energy, is thus simply even more condensed anenergy (ESP).
The
disease pattern of the human differs from the health pattern
of
the human by some delta, which itself is a pattern in ESP.
It
follows that, if we can generate the counter pattern and
-39-

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 466, "chars": 3038, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sufficiently instill it in the patient, we can correct or
eliminate the delta ESP pattern that represents the departure
from health. Hence in theory any disease of disorder at all
may be corrected by electrical means, in the extended sense,
and that will inevitably become the medicine of the future as
scalar electromagnetic technology is developed.
Indeed, we make an even stronger statement. It is
theoretically possible to engineer or construct a mind itself'a
a mobile
physical form or "body," and link them together into
functioning, living being, and this too will become possible
with
the new technology.
Here nature seems to have preceded
our development of such technology.
For direct evidence of the
initiation or creation of lights
that react to humans, see
Bearden, "Fay Clark's Fireflies," The Excalibur Briefing, 1980,
92, 94.
for the experimental proof of atmospheric lights
(Bro'g) that react to human observers, see Harley D. Rutledge,
"A Very Subtle Phenomenon," Project Identification: The First
Scientific Field Study of UFO Phenomena, Prentice-Ha--, Inc.,
Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1981, PD. 236-243.
53. Specifically, when a disturbing force aats on the gyro's
axis, the axis precesses in a plane at right angles to the
disturbing force. Actually this is only a special case of a
more fundamental gyroscopic phenomenon.
The three-dimensional
gyroscope is spinning in a plane (and in time) about a
1-dimensional axis.
The physics of a 4-dimensional gyroscope
exhibiting spherical spin has yet to be written. Suffice it to
say that, microscopically, a thing and its motion are not
separate, but are a single 4-dimensional "smear." This smear,
in turn, can spin (and does) in an extra dimension, since it
has an extra degree of freedom.
The net result is
that the
precession force of a gyroscope's spherical spin is rotated an
additional right angle from the ordinary precession force.
Since the ordinary precession force may lie anywhere in a plane
at right angles to the disturbing force, the spherical spin
force lies at 180 degrees to the disturbing force -- or in
other words, it is antiparallel to it. This is the mechanism
that generates Newton's reaction force in his famous third law
of motion!
Note that, in Newton's second law, two things are actually
involved.
(See "Newton's Laws of Dynamics," Dougles M.
Considine, Ed., Van Nostrand's Scientific Encyclopedia, Fifth
Edition,
Van Nostrand Reinhold Co., New York, 1976, PP.
1612-1613.)
The second of these things involved in the second
law is that a force can only change the momentum of a targeted
mass in the line of the force. If this were rigorously true,
then targeted mass could not exert a force back upon the mass
introducing the disturbing force -- note that, for the targeted
mass to exert a force in a given direction, it must accelerate
in that direction, according to the first part of Newton's
second law.
Thus in the new approach, Newton's third law seems
to be in conflict with his second law. How does one explain
such a paradox?
-4Ø-

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2975, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By the new approach, it is straightiorward. First, at the
tundamental level every mass is made up of charged particles.
Even a neutron is continually changing into charged particles
and back, according to quantum mechanics. Thus all the
particles comprising a mass may be regarded as charged.
Now the "charge" of a particle is due to a virtual
particle flux onto and off its bare mass, and this virtual flux
is spatiotemporal. That is, it is a flux of spacetime, to and
from the spatial bare mass of the particle. To the
3-dimensional mass observer -- whose "measurement" is spatial
and represents the spatial intersection of the charge flux --
this flux appears to be a time flow onto and off the bare
particle. That is, a positive time flow onto the object and a
negative time flow off the object exists to the external
observer.
In Newtonian (classical) physics, one only considers the
positive flow of time, yet actually both positive and negative
flows exist, and are equal in the linear (unaccelerated) case.
in the
In the new approach, the force is COMPRISED OF the
particle and its motion, in one unseparated smear. (This
accords with quantum mechanics,
for at the quantum level a
thing cannot be separated from its motion; only an inseparable
"smear" of the two exist).
Therefore the disturbing force upon
the target mass actually exists in both the positive time flux
and the negative time flux. In the negative time flow, the
disturbing force exists in the opposite direction.
Hence it
generates its own reaction force, for it Is its own reaction
force.
Another way to see this in the new approach is to realize
that, to a particle considered in positive time, its
"antiparticle" is itself traveling backwards with respect to
positive time -- i.e., in negative time, it is its owr
Since in the new view a vector is comprised of
particle and its motion in one smear, then we may speak of a
"vector" (in positive time) and an "anti-vector" (in negative
time).
The vector (positive time) is its own anti-vector
(negative time).
anti-force (negative
generates an
equal and opposite force in the linear case. The insightful
reader will immediately notice that acceleration is
nonlinearity; thus extraordinarily strong acceleration
represents substantial nonlinearity.
the reaction force need not be equal, and need not be
antiparallel. The literature also substantiates that this
effect can be achieved by electrostatic scalar potential alone;
of Bloch & Crater, "Lorentz-invariant potentials and the
non-relativistic limit," American Journal of Physics, Vol. 49,
No. 1, 1981, PP. 67-75.
54. Thus there exists a real scientific basis for
: the ancient
view that the earth system is alive ("Mother Earth"), the sun
is alive and inseminates the earth with its phenomenal scalar
anenergy output, and that local regions have distinct living
characteristics or "personalities" (devas).
alftle regions have
55. One now can see the true long term cumulative implications
-41-

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1721, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of pollution by industrial wastes, nuciear wastes, nuclear
explosions in the biosphere, chemical wastes, etc.
From the
scalar poisoning of the living biosphere, every living
biological crganism on earth is eventually affected and
sickened.
56. We state without proof that this interlinking of all
photonic structures provides
a direct superluminal mechanism to
explain the experimental verification of Bell's theorem.
the interlinkings are direct, composite subparts of the
electrostatic scalar potential. Any CHANGE in the ESP is
already known to be propagated essentially instantly throughout
he universe, by ordinary theory. See John David Jackson,
Classical Electrodynamics, Second Edition, John Wiley & Sons,
New York, 1975, P. 223.
57. Kaznacheyev himself produced the effect in the near UV.
Scientists at the University of Marsburg in west Germany have
duplicated the effect in the IR.
_ The germicidal effect of UV has a very sharp maximum at
3200 Angstroms. See Lewis R. Koller, Ultraviolet Radiation,
Second Edition, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., New York, 1965, pp.
236-237.
59. Cf Waldemar Kaempffert, "'Dead' Organisms Revived,"
Science in the News, Science Digest, May 1950, pp. 77-78
(condensed from the New York Times);
"Rejuvenating Light,"
Scientific American, May 1949; "Death-Rays and Life-Rays
Do Times. eDit Bees, the death true.
York Times).
seems to be at 2,5347 angstroms, while the "life" light seems
to be at 3,659 angstroms, according to the latter article.
68. This is also the basic mechanism involved in dermovision,
although for that phenomenon the person must be even more
consciously sensitive of the subtle
differences in scalar
substructures of incident light and/or scalar radiation.
-42-
