{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:53:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 279541, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125215-cejka-patent-3239771.pdf", "source_sha256": "424c9d0ca6916db6e76784b85132968b296b7660ff96a84acaf438a515632a4b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 315, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
March 8, 1966 J. H. ANDREATTA 3,239,771
HIGH POWER SWITCHING AMPLIFIER WHEREIN ENERGY IS TRANSFERRED
TO A TUNED CIRCUIT DURING BOTH HALF CYCLES
Filed Feb. 6, 1963

B+

DRIVING

PRIOR ART
Fig.l.

DRIVING
SOURCE

45
WITNESSES: = INVENTOR
BoneQ RP. G sngeeeny Fig.2. James H. Andreatta

Delbiinn A Lalor Enel 0

ATTOR

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1088, "chars": 7268, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,239,771
Patented Mar. 8, 1966
1
2
predetermined voltage in one direction and then dis-
3,239,771
HIGH POWER SWITCHING AMPLIFIER WHEREIN
ENERGY IS TRANSFERRED TO A TUNED CIR-
CUIT DURING BOTH HALF CYCLES
James H. Andreatta, Glen Burnie, Md., assignor to West-
inghouse Electric Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pa., a cor-
Filed Feb. 6, 1963, Ser. No. 256,693
charges and recharges to substantially the same voltage
in the opposite direction.
The pairs of transistors are
operated in a switching mode of operation to provide the
connection and the network is force charged
half cycles of operation such that energy is
transferred to the network from the supply voltage on
half cycles instead of every other half cycle as
provided for in the prior art.
Additionally, the tran-
sistor pairs are driven in a manner to operate between
This invention relates to semiconductor amplifier cir-
the conducting and non-conducting states but being driven
cuitry and more particularly to an improved solid state
into the saturation region of the current voltage char-
radio frequency (RF) amplifier which utilizes transis-
acteristic of the transistor such that the minimum possi-
tors operated in a switching mode of operation in com-
ble internal resistive impedance is maintained when con-
bination with a network having a low impedance to funda- 15
mental frequencies and a high impedance to harmonics
Other objects and advantages will become apparent as
to provide a relatively high overall operating efficiency.
the following description proceeds. For a better under-
The subject invention is an improvement on solid state
standing of the invention, reference may be had to the
radio frequency amplifiers of
the type described and
accompanying drawing, in which:
claimed in Serial No. 256,701, filed February 6, 1963,
FIGURE 1 is a schematic diagram of the prior art;
and assigned to the assignee of the present application.
In such a solid state radio frequency amplifier, at least
FIG. 2 is a schematic diagram illustrative of an em-
one pair of transistors operating in a switching mode at
bodiment of the present invention.
the frequency to be amplified is utilized to alternately
charge and
discharge a network providing a low im-
25
The prior art circuit illustrated in FIG. 1 utilizes a
pair of transistors 10 and 12 to alternately charge and
pedance to said frequency but a relatively high impedance
discharge a network 16 comprising a capacitor 24 and an
to all harmonics. The transistors are connected in series
inductance 26
connected
in
series.
During one half
across a supply voltage and operate such that during one
cycle of operation, transistor 10 is made conductive by
half of a cycle a first transistor conducts while the second
means of a driving signal from the driving source 14 in
remains non-conducting.
However, during the other half
which case the network is connected to the Bt supply
cycle the operation reverses such that the second tran-
voltage source, not shown, and charges substantially to
sistor becomes conducting while the first transistor be-
the supply voltage through a charging path provided by
comes non-conducting. In this manner during one half of
transistor 10 and a load impedance 40 connected to
a cycle the network is charged substantially to the supply
During this first half cycle, transistor 12 is
voltage through one of the pair and then during the other
rendered non-conductive and substantially acts like an
half cycle the network discharges to ground through the
open circuit.
During the other half cycle of operation
other of said pair. In addition, the transistors are driven
transistor 10 is rendered non-conductive and transistor
into the saturation region with just enough base current
12 is made conductive by means of the driving signal from
to maintain saturation over the conduction period with-
the driving source 14 to provide a discharge path for the
out over-driving it at any time.
By utilizing transistors
network 16, the discharge path being through transistor
operated in the saturation region during conduction and
12 to ground and back through the load impedance 40.
maintaining the saturation resistance at the lowest pos-
The network 16 has a predetermined resonant frequency
sible value, which is accomplished with the driving signal
and the driving source provides a substantially sinusoidal
mentioned, and by charging and discharging the net-
input signal to the transistors 10 and 12 to switch the
work, an overall operating efficiency heretofore unob-
transistors alternately between the conducting and non-
tainable is provided.
conducting states at a frequency substantially equal to
It is the object of the present invention to provide an
the resonant frequency of the network so that the net-
improved high efficiency solid state RF amplifier.
work is charged and discharged at a frequency equal to
It is another object of the present invention to provide
the resonant frequency.
an improved, high efficiency transistor radio frequency
Directing attention now to FIG. 2, there is disclosed
a first pair of N-P-N transistors 10 and 12 and a second
It is still a further object of the present invention to
pair of N-P-N transistors 20 and 22 coupled across a
provide an improved high efficiency transistor RF am-
network 16, comprising the combination of a capacitor
plifier circuit providing improved power output char- 55
24 and an inductance 17, connected in series with a load
impedance 40. The transistors 10 and 12 are connected
Briefly, the present invention accomplishes the above-
in series across a B+ supply voltage source, not shown,
cited objects by providing an RF amplifier comprising
having one of its output terminals connected to a point
a network which provides a low impedance to the fre-
of common reference potential illustrated here as ground.
quency to be amplified but a high impedance to all
The connections are such that the emitter 17 of tran-
harmonics and at least two pairs of transistors connected
sistor 10 is connected to the collector 13 of transistor 12.
to the network such that one pair is connected to one
The collector Il of transistor 10 is connected to a ter-
side while the second pair is connected to the other side
minal 50 which is adaptable to be connected to the B+
to switch both sides of the
network alternately to a
supply voltage not shown.
The emitter 18 of transistor
voltage source for
charging and
12 is returned to ground.
half cycle of operation one side of the network is switched
The second pair of transistors 20 and 22 are similarly
to the supply voltage source in one direction while the
connected in that they are connected in series across the
opposite side is switched to ground.
On the second half
Bt supply voltage in the same manner as the first pair
cycle the said one side of the network is connected to
of transistors 10 and 12. More particularly, the emitter
ground while the opposite side is switched to the supply 7o 27 of transistor 20 is connected to the collector 23 of
voltage so that energy is applied to the network in the
transistor 22 and the collector 21 of transistor 20 is con-
reverse direction.
The network is thus charged to a nected to terminal 52 which is adapted to be connected

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1174, "chars": 7910, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,771
3
to the Bt supply voltage source and the emitter 28 of
tion and then during the second half cycle of operation
transistor 22 is returned to ground
the Bt supply voltage is applied in a reverse direction
The network 16, comprising capacitor 24 and induct-
such that the prior acquired charge discharges and the
ance 26 has one end connected to the common connec-
network 16 charges substantially to the B+ potential in
tion between transistors 10 and 12 at junction 54.
The 5 a reverse direction.
other end of the network 16 is connected in series circuit
The network 16 provides a low impedance to a prede-
elationship to the primary winding 41 of an output o
termined fundamental frequency but a high impedance
impedance matching transformer 40.
to all harmonics of the fundamental frequency.
the primary winding 41
connected to the common
work 16 is shown, by way of example, as a series circuit
connection between transistors 20 and 22 at junction 56. 10 combination of inductance 26 and capacitor 24.
A load impedance 45 is connected across the secondary
combination will exhibit a series resonant condition at a
winding 42 of transformer 40 and this impedance is re-
predetermined resonant frequency providing the imped-
flected back to the primary winding 41
as an impedance
45' connected in series between junction 56 and the net-
the components have been indicated to have fixed values,
The value of the reflected load impedance 45' 15 it is to be understood that both or either may be made
is dependent upon the magnitude or the value of the load
variable depending upon the desires of the user. By
impedance 45 and the turns ratio of the transformer 40.
selectively choosing the resonant frequency of the net-
The load impedance 45, moreover, might represent the
work 16 to be substantially equal to the frequency of
radiation resistance of an antenna system.
the driving source 14 the transistor pairs are selectively
A driving source 14 is coupled to transistors 10, 12, 20
switched between conductive and non-conductive states
20 and 22 for rendering the transistors selectively con-
at a rate substantially equal to the fundamental or the
ducting and non-conducting.
The coupling means em-
resonant frequency of the network 16.
ployed comprises a transformer 30 having the primary
By driving the transistors in a manner described in the
winding 31 connected to the driving source 14. Current
aforementioned co-pending application the transistors
input signals are applied to the respective base from the
when conductive provide a minimum possible resistive
driving source 14 by means of the secondary windings
internal impedance over the respective conductive periods
32, 34, 36 and 38.
and as such the conductive transistors could be replaced
The windings 32, 34, 36 and 38 are wound in a prede-
by a switch contact with a resistance path equal to the
termined manner with respect to the primary winding 31
saturation resistance exhibited.
Therefore,
the series
so that the voltage appearing across these windings will
resonant circuit comprised of capacitor 24 and inductance
have predetermined relative polarities.
26 is charged through the minimal internal resistance of
of like instantaneous polarity are indicated by the dots
transistors 10 and 22 during the first half cycle of opera-
located at one end of the respective windings.
tion and then during the second half cycle discharges and
the secondary windings 32 and 34 provide mutually op-
recharges in a reverse direction through the minimal
posite polarity signals to the bases 15 and 19 respective-
internal resistance or saturation resistance of transistors
Likewise windings 36 and 38 provide mutually op-
posite polarity signals to the bases 25 and 29 respectively.
Energy is thus transferred to the network 16 on both
The secondary winding 32 is connected to transistor 10
half cycles of operation instead of every other half cycle
such that the terminal indicated by the dot is connected
as provided for in the prior art.
Whereas in the prior
to the base 15 whereas the opposite terminal is connected
art circuit as indicated in FIG. 1, the voltage appearing
to junction 54. Secondary winding 34 is connected to
across the network 16 varies between the Bt supply
transistor 12 in a manner such that the terminal having
voltage and ground, in the applicant's invention the volt-
the dot is connected to ground while the opposite end is
age appearing across the network 16 now varies between
connected to the base 19.
the B+ supply voltage in one polarity direction during a
Similarly, secondary windings 36 and 38 are connected
first half cycle and substantially the same Bt supply
to transistors 20 and 22 respectively.
However, it should
voltage in a reverse polarity direction during the second
be noted that the polarity of the windings 32 and 34 are
The average voltage appearing across the
connected in reverse fashion with respect to the relative
network in the prior art circuit is equal to B+/2, how-
polarities of secondary windings 36 and 38.
ever in the instant invention an average voltage equal to
meant that secondary winding 36 has the terminal indi- 50
Bt is applied across the network 16.
Assuming that like
cated by the dot connected to the junction 56 whereas
transistors are used in both circuits and that they are
the opposite end is connected to the base 25, and finally
operated at maximum rated current and maximum rated
secondary winding 38 has the terminal indicated by the
voltage, the circuit of the present invention applies twice
dot connected to the base 29 whereas the opposite end is
the voltage across the network and load as the circuit in
connected to ground.
FIG. 1 without exceeding the voltage rating of the tran-
In operation, the driving source 14 provides input base
To maintain the same value of maximum peak
currents to the respective bases rendering transistors 10
current, with the doubled voltage, it is necessary to double
and 22 simultaneously conductive
during the first half
the impedance level of that utilized by the prior art.
cycle of operation while transistors 12 and 20 are driven
The power delivered to the load 45 under these conditions
non-conductive.
During the second half cycle of opera- 60
is twice that of the prior art circuit.
tion however transistors 12 and 20 are rendered conduc-
On the other hand, by paralleling two transistors for
tive while transistors 10 and 22 are driven non-conductive.
each transistor 10, 12, 20 and 22 of FIGURE 2 to in-
Thus, during the first half cycle of operation the B+
crease the current capability, four times the power will
supply voltage connected to terminal 50 is applied across
be produced at the same impedance level used for the
one end of the network 16 at junction 54 while the
While it may appear that similar
other end of the network is returned to ground through
been obtained with the
the primary winding 41 and the conductive transistor
FIGURE 1 by reducing the effective load resistance 40
22. During the second half cycle the Bt supply volt-
by the use of a suitable matching transformer and by
age applied to terminal 52 is applied through transistor
paralleling more transistors to conduct the increased cur-
20 such that the Bt supply voltage is applied to the end
70 rent, there are practical limits to the extent which this
of the network 16 connected to the primary winding 41
process can be used and still maintain the high efficiency
while the end tied to junction 54 is returned to ground
characteristic of the circuit.
The circuit losses due to
through the now conducting transistor 12. In this man-
such things as transistor saturation resistance, copper
ner the network 16 charges in one direction substantially
losses, etc., must be kept very small with respect to
to the Bt supply voltage during one half cycle of opera- 75 reflected load impedance 45' or high efficiency operation

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1165, "chars": 7889, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
State-of-the-art techniques, physi-
Any network providing the disclosed frequency response
economics limit the extent to which these
is meant to be included in the teachings of this invention.
circuit losses can be reduced for a given circuit configura-
Further appropriate series and parallel arrangements of
Therefore, there is a limit as to the extent which
like elements may be employed to provide greater power
the effective load resistance 45 can be lowered by a match- 5 handling capabilities.
ing transformer.
This limit becomes particularly acute
What I claim is:
in high power applications because
the relatively low
1. In combination, a tuned frequency selective network
voltage ratings of semiconductor devices requires the use
providing a relatively low impedance to current flow at
of very large currents to produce the required
predetermined frequencies while providing a high im-
Since the current which flows in the circuit is determined 10 pedance to harmonic current flow ja plurality of semi-
by the reflected load impedance it, of necessity, has to be
conductor means connected at opposite ends of said net-
For example, with 100 volt transistors, the
work for alternately charging said network to a voltage
refiected impedance in FIGURE 1 for a 5 kilowatt circuit
in one current direction during a first period of opera-
module would be approximately 0.25 ohm.
tion and then substantially discharging said voltage and
If a transistor of a given current and voltage rating is 15
charging to another voltage in an opposite current direc-
used in the circuit of FIGURE 1 and if these transistors
tion during a second period of operation; driver means
are paralleled to increase their current capability and if
supplying an input current to both of said plurality of
load impedance is made as small as possible while still
semiconductor means rendering each of said semiconduc-
maintaining a required efficiency, a certain power will be
tor means selectively conductive during said first and said
delivered to the load 40.
This represents the maximum
20 second period of operation at a rate substantially equal
possible power capability of the circuit for a given effi-
to said predetermined frequencies in a manner to pro-
ciency and with a semi-conductor having given current
vide the minimum possible internal resistive impedance
to current flow during said first and said second period of
cannot be increased because the semiconductor will be
operation; and load means coupled to said network for
The current in the load cannot be in-
providing an output signal in accordance with the charg-
creased because the reflected load impedance has been
ing and discharging of said tuned frequency selective net-
made as small as is economically feasible without sacri-
ficing efficiency.
2. A semiconductor radio frequency amplifier compris-
transistors having the same current and
ing in combination, a series resonant network including
voltage characteristics as those above are connected in
30 a load providing a relatively low impedance to current
the present invention and if the same value of reflected
flow at a predetermined resonant frequency; a first semi-
load impedance is maintained, it will be possible to de-
conductor means coupled to one end of said network; a
liver four times the power into the load because
second semiconductor means coupled to the other end of
effective voltage across the load will have been doubled
said network, said first and said second semiconductor
due to the fact that energy is delivered to the circuit on
35 means connected to a source of predetermined voltage
both half cycles of the radio frequency wave.
and operative in a switching mode to charge and
transistors will be necessary to handle increased power
charge said network alternately to said predetermined
but the number of transistors used per unit of power is
voltage in a first sense during one half cycle of operation
the same in both circuits.
and then substantially discharging said network and
Where the highest possible efficiency is the paramount 40
charging said network to substantially said predetermined
consideration, the circuit 2 comprising the applicant's in-
voltage in an opposite sense during the other half cycle of
vention makes it possible to deliver the same power into
operation; and driver means for supplying an input sig-
a load impedance four times that of FIGURE 1.
nai to said first and said second semiconductor means for
suming fixed circuit losses, the increased load impedance
rendering said first and said second semiconductor means
will affect a higher efficiency because a larger percentage
selectively conductive and non-conductive during each
being switched will be delivered
half cycle of operation in a manner to provide a minimum
saturation impedance during conduction of said semicon-
To summarize, the present invention provides a means
ductor means to reduce the inherent power dissipation.
to increase the power delivery capability of a given device
3. A semiconductor amplifier comprising in combina-
having fixed current and voltage limitations by a factor
50 tion, a selectively tuned network including output means
of four to one without exceeding the current and voltage
providing a low impedance to a predetermined resonant
ratings of the device.
Where the highest possible effi-
frequency but providing a high impedance to harmonies
is required, applicant's apparatus provides the
of increasing the impedance level for a given
thereof; a first transistor connecting one end of said net-
work to a voltage source of predetermined magnitude; a
power to obtain a four to one advantage over the fixed
second transistor connecting said one end of said net-
circuit losses additionally.
The devices are connected so
work to a point of reference potential; a third transistor
that the failure of one unit will not cause progressive
connecting the opposite end of said network to said pre-
failures of the remaining units.
determined voltage; a fourth transistor connecting said
What has been
described therefore, is an improved
opposite end of said resonant circuit to said reference
semiconductor RE amplifier providing an increased power
potential; means for selectively rendering said first and
output capability while maintaining the circuit operating
said fourth transistor conductive only over one half cycle
parameters identical to that of the prior art circuitry.
of operation; and means for rendering said second and
Although the present invention has been described with
said third transistor conductive only for the other half
respect to a preferred embodiment which gives satisfac-
cycle of operation.
tory results, it should be understood that the present
4. A semicondactor amplifier adapted to be connected
disclosure has been made only by way of example and
to a power supply comprising in combination: a series
that numerous changes in the detail of circuitry by way of
resonant network having a predetermined resonant fre-
or arrangement of elements may be
quency to provide a low impedance to current flow at
resorted to without departing from the scope and spirit of
said resonant frequency but a relatively high impedance to
the present invention.
For example, P-N-P type tran- 7o current flow at harmonic frequencies; a first transistor
sistors may be employed when accompanied by a cor-
coupling one end of said resonant circuit to a predeter-
responding rearrangement of voltages polarities.
mined voltage of said power supply when conductive; a
the resonant network illustrated as a simple series circuit
second transistor coupling said one end of said resonant
may be replaced by a suitable frequency selective circuit,
circuit to a point reference potential when conductive;
such as a low pass or a band pass filter, when desired. 75 a third transistor coupling the opposite side of said res-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2258, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,239,771
8
onant circuit to said predetermined voltage of said power
age; first transistor means connecting said resonant net-
supply when conductive; and a fourth transistor coupling
work to said first polarity terminal and operative in a
said opposite end of said resonant circuit to said refer-
switching mode for charging said network in one direc
ence potential when
conductive; driver
means for se-
tion; second transistor means connecting said resonant
lectively rendering said first, said second, said third and 5
network to said first polarity terminal and operative in
said fourth transistors alternately conductive and non-
a switching mode for charging said network in the op-
conductive over each cycle of
operation such that said
posite direction; and means for rendering said first and
first and said fourth transistor are rendered conductive
only during one half cycle of operation and said second
said second transistor means alternately conductive fo
each half cycle of the fundamental frequency curren
and said third transistor are rendered conductive only 10
, wave form to alternately charge said network in opposite
during the other half cycle of operation, said driver means
directions.
further having a frequency
of operation
substantially
equal to said resonant frequency and providing a switch-
References Cited by the Examiner
ing signal to said transistors for maintaining a minimum
saturation resistance throughout the respective conductive 15
UNITED STATES PATENTS
half cycle of operation; and output means coupled to
said resonant circuit for providing an output signal which
2,910,689
10/1959 Grace __.
2,926,307
is responsive to current flow in said resonant circuit dur-
2/1960 Ehret
ing each half cycle of operation.
3,115,582 12/1963 Yoshii et al.
330-15 X
330-18
330-18 X
5. A power amplifier comprising,
in combination; a 20
resonant network having
a low impedance to a funda-
OTHER REFERENCES
mental frequency and a high impedance to harmonic fr
German application 1,111,672, July 27, 1961.
quencies thereof; means for connecting a load to saic
network; terminal means including first polarity and sec
ROY LAKE, Primary Examiner.
ond polarity terminals for connection to a source of volt- 25 NATHAN KAUFMAN, Examiner.
