{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:46:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 16, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 564307, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125295-cejka-patent-3728564.pdf", "source_sha256": "e4600d80bdd5e21c6e815c87c3ee588f9ff5c8506a1b79b57eb08249668c8cd1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 1323, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent 1191
De Rugeris
[54]
ELECTROMECHANICAL ENERGY
CONVERSION DEVICE
[76] Inventor: John De Rugeris,
• 695 Kenneth
Avenue, Campbell, Calif. 95008
[22]
Filed:
Feb. 3, 1971
121] Appl. No.: 153,462
[52] U.S. CI.
.310/168, 310/114, 310/172,
310/198
[51] Int. Cl.
......H02k 17/42
[58] Field of Search..
....310/68, 166, 168,
310/169, 170, 114, 171, 172, 112, 182, 183,
184, 179,180, 188, 197, 198, 201, 203, 207
(56]
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
3,535,572
3,599,023
10/1970
8/1971
De Rugeris..
Bottrell.
..310/114
310/207
IOB 9A
N
120°
IOA
9
B
[11]
(45]
3,728,564
Apr. 17, 1973
3,046,471
3,335,307
3,167,700
3,237,036
3,179,828
7/1967
8/1967
1/1965
2/1966
4/1965
Williams.
Levy.....
Neyhouse
Konig....
Apking...
..310/112
.310/185
310/166
310/198
.310/197
Primary Examiner-R. Skudy
Attorney-Thomas E. Schatzel and Claude A. S. Ham-
rick
157]
ABSTRACT
An electromechanical energy conversion device in-
cluding a magnetic field source and armature struc-
ture movable relative to one another, said device
being adapted to convert mechanical energy to electri-
cal energy as the field and armature travel relative to
one another along a given path and to simultaneously
convert electrical
energy to mechanical energy to
facilitate said travel.
17 Claims, 11 Drawing Figures
3
- 9A
10B
RIOA
• 9C
S
S
120°

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PATENTED APR 1 7 1973
18 19
3
FIG.I
5
25
23
24
26
29
25
FIG.IA
FIG.IC
IOB 9A
20°
IOA
9B
N
'24
18
S
3.728,564
SHEET 1 OF 6
23
29
25
26
24
29
LA
26
18 .29
× 26
25
1724 3 26 15
26
29
24
26
25
5
-23
24
9A
-25
29
29
23
9B
9C
26
25
24
• G
15
24
26
26
15
18
25
29
5
FIG.IB
5
" 0 13
20
18
20
913
20
21
13
5
14
19
9
18
9A
FIG. ID
ZIOA
- 9C
BY
INVENTOR
JOHN
De RUGERIS
Thima Sche
120°
ATTORNEY
17

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 985, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
3,728,564 _

SC BN TY TY TY TY TF OYA TY 7} TK TK a TT
. _tTT TED VPP eT TE ED | Ny a EE
| a 7 TET | | leet leat || SSE EE || pat | foe (SERED ee
| | OO Tee TS il obk max | | il Lb
| | a
On pas A 4
; i

| SHEET 2 OF 6

PATENTED APR 1 71973

on RS |
cer >
on <8 ¥
co. eo
28 q *
WW WWW 29

wad =F at 11 33.33 43a yy) dda .ad OG CP wD wD 9D yII W398 84 .da HH

Le ITY [Te
‘caeeeene

Petter rr ep [ x
(ACO . wo
aA EO oer LN
Vr $ A.
O :

SENSES,

| ag 33 oe qq. 9D gg

F,

PL TTA LLL, LEO
OPT I

40 Caen nny, Ee
Syd oD et TT
q (re

at sl eaals 4

82 SU iiecg
ri LA

x
‘

‘\

I No aan \ Z
| _e COI (SERGE ‘ Samaan Cie Se
Sg sl Tr TE) 4 > TT Ts 5 CC >. D
Tae poe [ an p< Pt Ney NS
| 17 Corer Cee Tr Corr
OAT oo |} lott? TOC 6z| | oft TCT Th Pore TEE EE TT
- Tet] [S2][1g2 “ULL RES TT Ise TAKS TT 162 aapean
oe “TTT rr ce mae anaEe 9¢ i aa ye S24) ) Coc Th
| TOT arp y rr Ty Tr) Alt Sag EeSEE) A
ULPyLLPyLLk aye LL Pgil hgllrg ntact! 7 Urgll Pella L PyLLpyLL un
. Pe 4 . , \ r' * yl

@ e) Y V

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 636, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTEDAPR 171973 3,728,564

SHEET 3 OF 6

r | |
bv ai
ee es ee BN
“Lf fo
a Le

‘
t

FRY
FF

2 2 es ee
tt A

FIG.3

“ L“,
Lie AO] i kB
PAT | ft
Be LLL Milt
er
ro) He ant {| ft |

O AL
a ee es ee ee ee
aE Oe ee ee i es ee
Oo b a 0
Pea ee ee
nh ae ee ee at
ms 6 Fi.
‘ans nh A a
BR ANE Eh ee N
BBR Aes Pt ot PN w
al | 1 @/ Lee LL o :
oe (oeCKEE eh a
; pt tA pif pt a
a~ Si) LLG Lp
CA TT Sam Ane.
ee ee ee Bee aw eee:
ii _ ww -
ee ae ee A | CS
oe eS Ol lh WE dd gy
a Nw) t oO -
a RY | | -_ a
ee ee ee ee Fed
yf a a | aan, aan
ea) Fs} fT RY EL Tt mm
Se 7 )
“¢ - : a> AL aa on
Fett tT ||
Se a ee Oe 1 es | tl
To ins a er mam o
= $
7) , , |

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 129, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
W
41
FIG. 4A
- 11
FI
• 111 43
GG
LL
EE"'
EE'
43
EE'
AA
53
45
AA"
46
AA'")
HH
53
BB'
SHEET 4 OF 6
PATENTED APR 1 7 1973
3.728,564

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 12, "chars": 112, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "clean-vision"}
47
EE'
43
KK
DD''I
53
4A
48
43
JJ
53
«C",
C"!!
FIG. 4B
co'
BB
BB
43
SHEET 5 OF 6
PATENTED APR 1 71973
3,728,564

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 521, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PATENTEDAPRI 71973 3,728,564

SHEET 6 OF 6

yy 79 oy

To) SO
o ane Oo if 2
SS Ok ES os a OO YD
ey Oe Osa a ,
wi tlen ll Hhagiit . |,
Oe a A se a ee :
oe on Oe UL
= Te} _
~ Qi ey | ALL Se
EE Wl 2 ee 2 eS
be =r a Brg
uw NTA 8
TT IL
oT SS A
YD ™~
oT ooh -
_C i EE Di .
WSs a ant . us
we CCT (a up > Wl.
Ly tm WJ
wl | oT
e
= tu
LJ
x
wa
I *e
7 Q
i 8 a
)
Os A Oa
an

aan in ae

cc”

— cc CC’ D

rb
Bs" BB" II

ray
L— Pra)
2
ee SE Be 2s
—|,
+ i <
He] INVENTOR.
_ JOHN. De RUGERIS
—| “eg
=| nnac folk
He ce) ot wal
©

ATTORNEY |

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1000, "chars": 6623, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
1
ELECTROMECHANICAL ENERGY CONVERSION
DEVICE
2
positioned adjacent to the relative path of travel of the
field poles of a common denomination. Each of the ar-
mature assemblies include a plurality of equi-spaced ar-
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
mature poles positioned adjacent to the relative path of
The present invention relates to electromechanical 5 travel. Each of said armature poles of each assembly
conversion devices for converting electrical
are magnetically joined in common to an armature pole
energy to mechanical energy and mechanical energy to of the opposite armature assembly. The armature as-
electrical energy.
semblies each include a plurality of main winding coils.
Electromechanical energy conversion devices take
Each main winding coil encompasses a plurality of
various forms including rotating machinery, relays,
poles to form a primary armature pole such that a plu-
switches, transformers, etc. The present invention, in
rality of equi-spaced primary armature poles are
one application, provides for improved devices for
established adjacent to the relative path of travel. The
generating alternating current voltage. In most elec-
main winding coils of alternate primary armature poles
are electrically engaged in common such that adjacent
produced in coils of electrically conductive material by
primary armature poles are of different main winding
the relative motion of a set of such coils known as the
circuits. At least one of the main winding circuits about
"armature" and a "magnetic field." The magnetic field
one armature assembly is electrically common to a
may be produced by an electromagnet or permanent
main winding circuit of the other armature assembly.
magnetic such that the magnetic force lines of the latter 20 The electrically common main windings at one arma-
intersect or are intersected by the turns of the armature
ture assembly are radially advanced relative to the
coils. To increase the electrically-generating effect of
alignment of the field and common main windings at
the magnetic field upon the turns of the armature coils,
the other armature assembly. Encompassing winditigs,
such coils are usually provided with cores of iron or
encompassing poles of adjacent primary armature
other material of lesser magnetic reluctance than air to 25 poles are included and adapted to supplement or
concentrate the magnetic field into the
counter the magnetic flux intensity at associated arma-
vicinity of the coils to cause a greater number of force
ture poles. Accordingly, electrical pulses are induced in
lines to be intersected by the turns of the armature coils
during relative rotation of the armature and field struc-
the main windings as the flux from the field passes the
main winding with alternate pulses induced in the
tures. The relative movement of said devices is main- 30 windings being of opposite relative polarity. Simultane-
tained by incorporation of a prime mover to drive
ously, poles preceding the rotor along the path of travel
either the armature or the field. It is a common criteria
establish a magnetic attraction to the rotor and poles
of such devices to achieve high efficiency. Such effi-
succeeding the rotor along the path of travel establish a
ciency may be referred to as the ratio of the output
power to the required input power.
magnetic repulsion to the rotor.
The prior art includes various electricity generating
In an exemplary embodiment of the present inven-
tion, the device is in the form of an alternator. The al-
machines and alternators available for converting
mechanical energy to electrical energy. For example,
ternator comprises sets of series-connected coils which
such an alternator is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No.
form individual generating circuits. The armature and
3,535,572 issued to the present inventor on Oct. 20, 40
field structures are rotatable relative to one another
1970.
about a common axis of rotation establishing a com-
An object of the present invention is to provide an
mon orbit of relative rotation. At least one of the
improved electromechanical energy conversion device
generating circuits include windings spaced from each
adapted to provide a highly favorable efficiency.
other in the direction of the axis of rotation of the ro-
Further objectives include provision of devices 45 tor. The field structure, which may comprise per-
manent magnets or electromagnets, establishes a
sequence of magnetic north primary poles and a
SUMMARY OF THE PRESENT INVENTION
sequence of magnetic south primary poles. The poles of
The present invention provides an improved elec-
opposite denomination are spaced from each other
tromechanical energy conversion device and more par- 50 along the axis of rotation, i.e. the pole pieces at one end
ticularly a highly efficient device which may be com-
of the magnetic structure are all north poles and the
pactly structured and economically manufactured.
pole pieces on the other end of said structure are all
The present invention is adapted to simultaneousiy
south poles. The pole pieces of the same denomination
incorporate the converting of mechanical energy to
are equi-spaced relative to each other along the orbit of
electrical energy and electrical energy to mechanical
55 relative rotation. The north poles are angularly dis-
energy. The devices simultaneously generate an electri-
placed relative to the south poles along the orbit of
cal energy across windings under the influence of the
relative rotation. The armature structure further in-
field while creating a magnetic field at advanced posi-
cludes a plurality of magnetic circuits each comprising
tions of the armature to urge the rotor along its path of
a plurality of individual magnetic paths extending inter-
travel. The device includes an armature structure and a
60
mediate the orbits of relative rotation of the north and
field assembly movable relative to one another. The
south primary poles with opposite ends displaced rela-
field assembly is arranged along an axial plane with
tive to each other along the orbit of relative rotation.
poles of one denomination concentrated adjacent to
Accordingly, the windings on each side of the armature
one another and axially offset relative to poles of the
may be influenced by pole pieces of each denomina-
other denomination which are also concentrated ad-
tion. Each generating circuit may include a plurality of
jacent to one another. The armature structure incor-
main coil windings or/and encompassing coil windings.
porates a pair of assemblies, with each assembly being
The main coil windings are positioned to intersect the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1037, "chars": 6691, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
3
force lines of the adjacent field. The encompassing coil
an alternator, referred to by the general reference
windings are connected to encompass parts of adjacent
character 1 incorporating the teachings of the present
armature poles and to establish a field which momen-
invention. The alternator 1 is adapted to generate an al-
tarily aids a main winding coil of a first circuit and mo-
ternating current voltage. The alternator 1 incor-
mentarily opposes a main winding coil of another cir- S porates a field structure in the form of a rotor referred
cuit. The main windings are arranged such that ad-
to by the general reference character 3 and an arma-
jacent main coil windings are of different circuits. The
ture structure in the form of an annular stator structure
arrangement of the armature structure and field struc-
referred to by the general reference character 5. The
ture are such that each main coll winding momentarily
rotor 3 has a central shaft 7 rotatable about a common
generates a magnetic force first attracting the field 10
axis of rotation 8 and supporting a plurality of in-
towards the pole and then as the field passes the pole
dividual primary field poles in the form of U-shaped
momentarily generating a magnetic force repelling the
permanent magnets DA, 9B and 9C. The permanent
field to provide a push-pull effect on the rotor. Simul-
magnets designated 9A, 9B and 9C each carry a prima-
taneously, within each coil winding there is generated
ry north field pole N and a primary south field pole S.
alternating signals which may be delivered to an electri-
The permanent magnets 9A, 9B and 9C are positioned
cal load. The encompassing windings generate alternat-
such that all north field poles are assembled adjacent to
ing signals momentarily simultaneously aiding the field
one another, in an assembly with the poles equally
of one main winding while collapsing the field of an ad-
spaced radially about the shaft 7. The south field poles
jacent main winding. The encompassing
windings 20 S are assembled adjacent one another in an assembly
reverse in operation to collapse the field of the first
with the poles equally spaced radially about the shaft 7.
main winding and aid the other as the rotor advances.
In the rotor 3, the poles are spaced 120° a part. The
The encompassing windings may also be tied to an elec-
south field pole of each permanent magnet 9 is radially
trical load. The north and south poles of the field struc-
displaced relative to the preceding north field pole
ture are angularly displaced relative to the generating 25 about the common orbit of rotation by an angle 0, the
circuits such that whenever a field pole of one
value of which is hereinafter discussed. Each of the U-
denomination passes one of the main winding portions
shaped magnets 9A, 9B and 9C includes a cross bar 10
of an armature pole, the immediate preceding pole of
integral with the north and south poles of each magnet.
•the other denomination is at least under the influence
Each cross bar 10 extends parallel to the axis of rota-
of a main winding of another circuit. In this manner the 30 tion 8 with a radial advancement of the angle 0. The
generating circuits each provide alternating voltages
faces of all of the north and south field poles are
which may or may not be in phase. Simultaneously, the
preferably of the same dimensions. The field assembly
armature poles associated with the windings establish a
3 includes a plurality of shorting rings 10A. The rings
changing magnetic denomination to provide an al-
10A about each field assembly are interconnected by
ternately push-pull action on the rotor to facilitate rota- 35
magnetic conductive bars 10B to establish a plurality of
tion of the rotor.
magnetic circuits about each field pole of each field as-
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
The annular armature structure 5 is arranged with an
FIG. 1 is a perspective, partially sectioned view of an 40
armature assembly about the orbital path of the north
alternator incorporating the teachings of the present in-
primary field poles of the rotor 3 and an armature as-
sembly about the orbital path of the south primary field
FIG. 1A is an end view about one end of FIG. 1;
poles of the rotor 3. The armature structure 5 includes
FIG. 1B is an end view about the other end of FIG. I;
a plurality of magnetic flux return paths 11 intercon-
FIG. 1C is a perspective view of the rotor of the alter- 45 necting thé armature assemblies and spanning the in-
nator of FIG. 1;
dividual orbital paths of rotation of the north and south
FIG. ID is a perspective view of a section of the ar-
primary field poles. The magnetic flux return paths 11
mature of the alternator of FIG. 1;
are in the form of a plurality of stacks of individual
FIG. 2 is a diagrammatic illustration of the embodi-
laminations 13 and 14 of magnetic material. The
ment of FIG. 1 with the windings interconnected to 50 laminations 13 and 14 are urged together in stacks. The
provide two output signals;
laminations 13 and 14 are each of U-shape spanning
FIG. 2A is a pair of signal waveforms illustrating the
across the rotor field structure 3 intermediate the or-
signals generated by the circuits of the structure of FIG.
bital paths of the north and south poles. The lamina-
tions 13 and 14 each have a face 15 and 17 at opposite
FIG. 3 is a diagrammatic illustration of the embodi- 55 ends with the faces 15 adjacent the orbital path of the
ment of FIG. 1 with the windings joined in an alterna-
north primary field poles and the faces 17 adjacent to
tive relationship to provide three output signals;
the orbital path of the south primary field poles of the
FIG. 4A and 4B is a diagrammațic end perspective
rotor 3. The faces 15 and 17 of the laminations 13 are
view of the embodiment of FIG. 3 to illustrate the wind-
interconnected with the pole face 17 advanced relative
ing of the coils about the armature assemblies; and
60
to the pole face 15 about the common orbit of rotation
FIG. 5 is a diagrammatic illustration of the embodi-
by an angle $. The pole faces 15 and 17 of the lamina-
ment of FIG. I with the winding coils joined in an alter-
tions 14 are interconnected with the pole face 17 ad-
native relationship to provide three output signals.
vanced relative to the immediate preceding pole face
15 by approximately the angle 0. The laminations 13
DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS 65
and 14 are assembled in units such that the faces 15
FIG. 1 - FIG. 2A depict and illustrate an elec-
establish a plurality of individual armature poles ad-
tromechanical energy conversion device in the form of
jacent to the orbital path of the north primary field

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1091, "chars": 7003, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
poles and the faces 17 establish a plurality of individual
respectfully in axial alignment with the poles AA, BB,
armature poles adjacent to the orbital path of the south
CC, DD, EE and FF. The isolative poles G, H, I, J, K
primary field poles. Each stack of laminations common
and L are respectfully in axial alignment with the isola-
to one of the armature poles assembled about the north
tive poles GG, HH, II, JJ, KK and LL. All core struc-
primary poles is in part common to one of the armature 5
tures and isolative poles are of uniform width and spac-
poles assembled about the south primary field pole ad-
ing with the width of the core structures corresponding
vanced by the angle 0 and in part common to one of the
to the width of the intermediate spacings. The core
armature poles assembled about the south primary field
structures and isolative poles are insulated from one
pole advanced by the angle . Thus, each armature
another by means of insulative material within the
pole about the north primary field pole assembly is in
spacing intermediate each core structure and isolative
part magnetically common to two advanced south ar-
pole. A relative orbit of rotation is established about
mature poles. The various laminations are supported in
the first armature assembly about the outer periphery
position about each end by a pair of slotted rings 18
of the north poles of the magnets 9A, 9B and 9C and
and 19 coaxial with the axis of rotation 8. The rings 18
15 the terminus of the armature cores and isolative poles.
and 19 are preferably comprised of nonmagnetic
A relative orbit of rotation is also established about the
material. Each of the rings 18 and 19 respectively carry
second armature assembly about the outer periphery of
a plurality of slots 20 and 21 to receive the laminations
the south poles of the magnets 9A, 9B and 9C. The
13 and 14. The faces of the laminations extend beyond
laminations comprising the core structures about the
the inner periphery of the rings to terminate adjacent to 20 first armature assembly are correspondingly part of a
the orbital path of rotation of the north and south pri-
pair of core structures or a core structure and isolative
mary field poles. The extensions of the laminations are
pole about the second armature assembly to establish
adapted to receive various armature winding coils, as
magnetic paths intermediate the armature assemblies.
hereinafter discussed. Intermediate each armature pole
Magnetic circuits are established between the two ar-
is an insulative medium which may be in the form of air 25 mature assemblies with common circuits established
or other desired insulative material. The shaft 7 of the
between armature poles of one armature assembly and
rotor structure 3 is fitted to a pair of bearings 22 sup-
two radially advanced cores or a core and isolative pole
ported by a frame 23 encompassing the armature struc-
about the other armature assembly. For example one-
ture 5. The frame 23 and bearings 22 provide physical
half of the laminations comprising the isolative pole G
support and guidance of the rotor 3 and armature 5 to 30
are common with one-half of the core AA' which is ad-
permit relative rotation.
vanced by the angle d about the common orbit of rota-
FIG. 2 diagrammatically illustrates the device 1 as-
tion. The other half of the laminations of the isolative
suming the apparatus is
extended over a horizontal
pole G are common with one-half of the core AA" ad-
plane. The laminations 13 and 14 of the armature
vanced by the angle $ about the common orbit of rota-
structure 5 are such that a first armature assembly in-
tion. The laminations 14 of core A' are common with
cludes six primary armature poles A, B, C, D, E and F
the south core AA" and the laminations 13 of the core
assembled about the orbital path of the north primary
AA" are common with the south core A'". The
field poles and a second armature assembly includes six
laminations 14 of the core A" are common with the
primary armature poles AA, BB, CC, DD, EE and FF
other half of the core AA''' and the laminations 13 of
assembled about the path of the south primary field
the core A" are common with one-half of the isolative
poles. Each primary armature pole comprises three
pole HH. The laminations 14 of the core A''' are com-
cores with an insulative medium intermediate adjacent
mon with the other halt of the isolative pole HH and the
cores. The cores are arranged for reception of winding
laminations 13 of the core A''' are common to one-half
coils such that the intermediate core of each primary 45 of the core BB'. The laminations 14 of the isolative
armature pole may be viewed as a shade pole. The field
pole H are common to the other one-half of the core
pole pieces 9A, 9B and 9C are represented by bars of BB' and the laminations 13 of the isolative pole H are
sufficient angular width to span a primary armature
common to one-half of the core BB'.
pole, i.e. three consecutive armature core structures.
Alternators of the present invention usually comprise
As illustrated the primary armature pole A of the first 50 a plurality of separate generating circuits. Each
armature assembly comprises three annular core struc-
generating circuit comprises a plurality of coils con-
tures A', A", A''; the primary armature pole B com-
nected in a series. About each primary armature pole
prises three annular core structures B', B"', and B''';
A, C and E and each primary armature pole BB, DD
etc. The primary armature pole AA of the second ar-
and FF of the device 1 is a portion of a main winding
mature assembly comprises three annular core struc- 55 coil 24 to establish an electromagnetic action at each of
tures AA', AA" and AA'''; the primary armature pole
said armature primary poles and associated cores.
BB comprises three annular armature core structures
About each primary armature pole B, D and Fand each
BB', BB"', and BB'''; etc. Intermediate each primary
secondary armature pole AA, CC and EE is a portion
armature pole is an isolative pole. The first armature
of a main winding coil 25 to establish an electromag-
assembly includes a plurality of isolative poles G, H, I,
netic action at each of said primary armature poles and
J, K and L respectively positioned intermediate poles F
associated cores. The main winding coils 24 and 25 are
and A, A and B, B and C, C and D, D and E, and E and
arranged alternately adjacent to each other along the
F. The second armature assembly includes a plurality
orbits of relative rotation with an isolative pole inter-
of isolative poles GG, HH, II, JJ, KK and LL respect-
mediate adjacent coils 24 and 25. The armature struc-
fully positioned intermediate poles FF and AA, AA and
ture 5 further carries a first encompassing coil 26 split
BB, BB and CC, CC and DD, DD and EE, EE and FF.
into six portions with a first portion encompassing the
The primary armature poles A, B, C, D, E and F are
cores A", A'"', B', B" and isolative pole H; a second

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1079, "chars": 6949, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
portion encompassing the cores AA", A'', BB', BB'
vanced the angle 0 and part advanced the angle o. Ac-
and isolative pole HH; a third portion encompassing
cordingly, as the field structure rotates relative to the
the cores C", C"'', D', D" and isolative pole J; a fourth
armature structure, the individual cores of each prima-
portion encompassing the cores CC",
', CC'', DD',
ry armature pole are part of the time primarily under
DD" and isolative pole JJ; a fifth portion encompassing S the influence of either a north or a south field pole and
the cores E", E", F', F" and isolative pole L; and a
part of the time simultaneously under the influence of
sixth portion encompassing the cores EE", EE'", FF', poles of both denominations. The dominant influence
FF" and isolative pole LL. Thus, each portion of the
on each primary armature pole is dependent upon the
encompassing winding 26 encompasses part of ad-
relative position of the field and the number of cores of
jacent primary armature poles of different generating
an armature pole under the influence of a field pole, As
circuits. The main coil winding 24 and the encom-
shown in FIG. 2 the angle 0 corresponds both to the
passing coil 26 are tied in series with a pair of terminals
angle of advance about the orbital path of the south
27 and 28 to establish a common generating circuit. An
poles relative to the preceding north pole of each per-
electrical load may be joined across the terminals 27
manent magnet 9 of the field structure 5 and to the
angle between the leading edge of a core on one arma-
The armature structure 5 further carries a second en-
compassing coil 29 split into six portions with a first
ture assembly and the center of the first radially ad-
vanced core on the other armature assembly. When the
portion encompassing the cores B", B''', C', C" and
north field poles 9A, 9B and 9C are in full alignment
isolative pole I; a second portion encompassing the 20 with the corresponding primary armature poles A, C
cores BB", BB''', C', CC" and isolative pole Il; a third
and E, the associated south field poles 9A, 9B and 9C
portion encompassing the cores D', D'''
', E', E" and
are relatively radialiy advanced and common to the ad-
isolative pole K; a fourth portion encompassing the
vanced one-half of the axial opposite secondary poles
cores DD", DD'", EE', EE" and isolative pole KK;
AA, CC and EE, and the advanced isolative poles HH,
and a sixth portion encompassing the cores FF", 25 JJ and LL. Thus, in this instantaneous position, the
FF'" АА'Ф. 11!1
, and isolative pole GG. Thus, each por-
field magnets 9A provides for a flux path between the
tion of the coil 29 encompasses part of adjacent prima-
cores A' and cores AA" and AA'''; between the core
ry armature poles of different generating circuits. The
A" and the core AA''' and the isolative pole HH; and
main coil 25 and the encompassing coil 29 are tied in
between the core A'" and the isolative pole HH. In this
series with a pair of terminals 31 and 33 to establish a 30
position the main windings 24 are predominately under
common generating circuit. An electrical load may be
the influence of the north field pole and the main
tied across the terminals 31 and 33.
windings 25 under the influence of the south field pole.
Accordingly, each core of each primary armature
Viewing FIG. 2 a similar relationship simultaneously
pole is encompassed by a main coil winding and at least
exists with the magnets 9B and 9C. Accordingly, at the
one encompassing winding. The main windings are ar-
position illustrated the primary armature poles B, D
ranged to include alternate primary armature poles on
and F, due to the induced voltage in the main winding
opposite sides or assemblies of the armature. The in-
coil 25 are predominately magnetic south oriented
cluded primary armature poles on one side are radially
thereby offering an attraction to the north polarized
offset relative to the included poles on the opposite
field poles 9A, 9B and 9C. Simultaneously, the primary
side. The shade pole of each primary armature pole is
armature poles A, C and E are predominately magnetic
encompassed by a coil of one of the main windings 24
north oriented thereby offering a repulsion to the field
or 25 and a coil of the encompassing winding 26 and
structure. Also, the primary armature poles AA, CC
the encompassing winding 29.
and EE are magnetic south oriented thus tending to
The theory of operation of the alternator 1 is be- 45
repel the field structure and the primary armature poles
lieved to be as hereinafter set forth. The field structure
BB, DD and FF are north oriented thus, offering an at-
3 serves as a continuous magnetic flux generating
traction to the south poles of the field structure. As the
source. With the field structure rotor 3 in rotation the
field structure rotates, the field poles align with dit-
magnetic force lines eminate from the primary north
ferent primary armature poles and cores and the flux
field poles and intersect the armature primary poles 50 lines cut across other of the main windings at differing
and return through the common magnetic circuits
degrees. As the field rotates from the instantaneous
established by the laminations 13 and 14 to the primary
position of FIG. 2A, the main winding coil 24 comes
south field poles. As the flux from the field structure 5
under the influence of the south field poles due to the
cuts across the coil sides a voltage is induced in that
position relationship of the south field poles 9A, 9B and
coil. Voltage is induced as the flux cuts across the coils 55
9C with the cores of the armature poles BB, DD and
when approaching the coil and when leaving the coil
FF. Simultaneously, the main windings 25 become in-
with the voltages being of opposite relative polarity.
creasingly intluenced by the north primary field poles
Simultaneously, a voltage is induced in the windings
due to the position relationship of the north field poles
joined in electrical series such that the associated arma-
9A, 9B and 9C with the armature poles B, D and F. The
ture cores tend to become polarized to a degree depen-
degree of influence of the primary field poles to the in-
dant on the induced voltage. The stack of laminations
dividual generating circuits continuously change de-
13 and 14 establishing the individual cores substantially
pendent upon the number of cores of an individual pri-
concentrate the magnetic flux
mary armature pole influenced by a field pole and the
established magnetic paths. The various common mag-
relative position of the adjacent field pole. Thus, rela-
netic paths formed by the laminations 13 and 14 extend
tive rotation of the described field and armature struc-
intermediate the two armature assemblies and are radi-
tures produces in rapid succession pulses of alternate
ally advanced about the orbital paths with part ad-
polarity in each of the generating circuits. The coils of

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 1068, "chars": 6939, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
10
each generating circuit are never idle and every coil is
passing winding switches functionally and aides the
continuously under the influence of the flux of a north
main winding thereby increasing the pushing force. As
primary field pole, a south primary field pole or both
illustrated in FIGS. 2A the signal e, across the terminals
with the degree of influence dependant upon the in-
27 and 28 assumes an alternating waveform. Simul-
stantaneous relative position. The electrical circuits 5
taneously, a substantially in phase signal e¿ is generated
about the first armature assembly are balanced relative
across the terminals 31 and 33.
to the electrical circuits about the other armature as-
The embodiment diagrammatically illustrated by
sembly. Also, the circuits are magnetically balanced
FIG. 3 and FIG. 4A-4B further illustrates the device 1
such that each side of the field is alternately under in-
with an alternative connection of the main windings
duction-repulsion action with the actions continuously
and encompassing windings to provide three generating
aiding each other to continuously aid in advancing the
circuits and three output signals. The various main coil
windings and encompassing windings are wound about
Analyzing the instantaneous position of the field
the various cores the same as in FIG. 2 but are inter-
structure 3 and armature structure 5 as depicted in 15 connected with other windings differently. For the pur-
FIG. 2 and referring to such time as lo, a positive volt-
pose of simplification of explanation, the structure of
age is induced in the main coil winding 24. Simultane-
FIG. 3 carries the same reference designations except
ously, a positive voltage is induced in the main coil
for the main winding coils and encompassing windings.
windings 25. Also, a positive voltage is induced in the
Also, for purposes of clarification the cross members
encompassing windings 26 and 29 which in turn 20 13 and 14 of the laminations 11 are deleted in FIG. 3.
produces a positive flux in the magnetic circuits of the
FIGS. 4A and 4B in conjunction diagrammatically illus-
armature primary poles B, D and F thereby tending to
trate a perspective view from the ends of the device 1
collapse the magnetic flux induced by the voltage
with the windings interconnected in accord with FIG.
through the main coil winding 25. Simultaneously, a
3. The structure of FIGS. 3 and 4A and 4B carries three
voltage is induced in the encompassing windings 29 25
main winding coils and two encompassing windings. A
which tends to aid the armature poles B, D and F. Thus
main coil 41 is wound with portions about the primary
at the instant to the primary armature poles A, C and E
armature poles A, C and E all of which are on a com-
are tending to push or repel the rotor assembly 3 while
mon armature assembly of the armature structure. The
the armature poles B, D and F have established a south
coil 4i is tied in series with an encompassing winding
magnetic polarity thereby tending to attract or pull the 30 43. A first portion of the encompassing winding 43 en-
armature forward. At the same time, the armature
compasses the cores A", A'", B', B' and isolating pole
poles BB, DD and FF have established a north polarity
H; a second portion encompasses the cores BB"', BB'"
due to the interconnection of the main coil windings 24
CC', CC"' and isolating pole Il; a third portion encom-
thereby tending to attract or pull the south field poles
passes cores C", C""', D', D" isolating pole J; a fourth
9A, 9B and 9C. As the rotor rotates and the south field 35
portion encompasses cores DD", DD'", EE', EE" and
poles 9A, 9B and 9C tend to align with the primary ar-
isolating pole KK; a fifth portion encompasses cores
mature poles BB, DD and FF a negative voltage is in-
E", EE'", F', F" and isolating pole L; and a sixth por-
duced in the coil windings 24 while the coil windings 25
tion encompasses cores FF",
', AA', AA" and
tend to also go negative due to the influence of the 40
isolating pole HH. The main winding coil 41 and the
south field poles. Thus, the armature poles A, C and E
encompassing winding 43 are tied in series across a pair
now appear more analogous to a south polarized pole
of output terminals 45 and 46. A second main winding
while the armature poles B, D and F appear more as
coil 47 is wound with portions about the primary arma-
north polarized poles. At the same time armature poles
ture poles B, D, F, AA, CC and EE. The main winding
AA, CC and EE react more as north polarized poles 45 coil 47 is tied in series across a pair of output terminals
and the armature poles BB, DD and FF appear more as
49 and 50. The portions of the winding coil 47 are ar-
south polarized poles. As the south field poles of the
ranged such that they include alternate armature poles
rotor approaches alignment with the armature primary
on opposite armature assemblies with the included
poles BB, DD and FF, the dominant polarization of the
poles on one assembly angularly radially offset relative
poles BB, DD and FF becomes south oriented tending 50 to the included poles on the opposite armature as-
to repel the rotor thereby pushing it forward while the
sembly. A third main winding coil 51 includes portions
armature primary poles B, D and F are still south
wound about the primary armature poles BB, DD and
polarity dominated tending to pull the rotor forward.
FF all of which are on a common side of the armature.
This push-pull relationship exists until the north field
The main winding coil 51 is joined in series with an en-
poles are in full alignment with the armature poles B, D 55 compassing winding 53. A first portion of the encom-
and Fat which time the poles A, C and E become south
passing winding 53 encompasses the cores AA", AA'''
polarity dominated thereby attracting the rotor towards
BB', BB' and isolative pole HH; a second portion en-
them while the now north polarity of the poles B, D and
compasses the cores B', B''', C', C" and isolative pole
F tends to push the rotor forward. This relationship
I; a third portion encompasses the cores CC", CC''
tends to continue thereby giving a balanced action and 60
DD', DD" and isolating pole JJ; a fourth portion en-
reaction on the rotor. At the same time the encom-
compasses the cores D", D'', E',E" and isolating pole
passing windings 26 and 29 are arranged such that as
K; a fifth portion encompasses the cored EE''‚EE'"'
the leading edge of the field poles approach an as-
FF', FF" and isolating pole LL; and a sixth portion en-
sociated armature primary pole, the signal tends to col-
compasses the cores F", F'", A', A" and isolating pole
lapse or oppose the field of the main coil winding and
G. The main winding coil 51 and encompassing wind-
continues to do so until the leading edge approaches
ing 53 are tied in series across a pair of terminals 55
the center core of the pole at which time the encom-
and 57.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 1026, "chars": 6755, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
12
Further embodiments of the present invention may
1. An improved electromechanical energy conver-
include separate circuits in which at least one circuit is
sion device comprising, in combination:
comprised of windings including coils on both armature
a magnetic field structure having at least one mag-
assemblies such that individual coils are in cooperation
netically north denominated field pole and a cor-
with primary field poles of each magnetic denomina- 5
responding magnetically south denominated field
tion and additional circuits comprised of windings
pole, said north and south poles being displaced
wound on cores on a common side of the armature
such that all coils of the circuit are acted upon by field
axially relative to one another along a longitudinal
axis, each north field pole being interconnected in
poles of the same magnetic denomination. For exam-
common with an associated south field pole to
ple, FIG. 5, diagrammatically illustrates such a connec- 10
establish a common magnetic path intermediate
tion. As in FIG. 3, the various main winding coils and
the interconnected north field pole and associated
encompassing windings are wound about the various
south field pole;
cores similar to that of FIG. 2 but are interconnected
an armature structure having a first armature as-
with other windings differently. For purposes of simpli-
sembly adjacent the north field poles and a second
cation of explanation, the structure of FIG. 5 carries 15
armature assembly adjacent the south field poles,
the same reference numerals except for the main wind-
the armature assemblies being movable relative to
ing coils and encompassing windings. The structure of
the field structure along relative paths of travel ad-
FIG. 5 includes three main winding coils and two en-
jacent to each of said north field poles and each of
compassing windings. A main winding coil 61 is wound
said south field poles, the armature structure in-
with portions about primary armature poles A, C and E 20
cluding a plurality of individual magnetic circuits
all of which are on a common side. The winding coil 61
interconnecting said first and second armature as-
is tied in series with an encompassing winding 63 and
semblies and terminating at opposite terminal ends
an encompassing collapse winding 65 across a pair of
adjacent to the relative paths of travel of the field
terminals 67 and 69. A first portion of the encom- 25
structure to establish armature cores adjacent to
passing winding 63 encompasses the cores A", A'", B',
the relative paths of travel of said north and south
B" and isolative pole H; a second portion of the wind
field poles, each of said magnetic circuits forming
ing 63 encompasses the cores C", C'', D', D" and
at least in part a primary armature pole at said first
isolative pole J; and a third portion of the winding 63
armature assembly and at least in part a primary
encompasses the cores E", E'', F', F" and isolating 30
armature pole at said second armature assembly,
pole L. A first portion of the encompassing winding 65
the armature cores at opposite terminal ends of
encompasses the cores B', B'', C', C" and isolating
common magnetic circuits of at least some of the
pole I; a second portion of the winding 65 encompasses
magnetic circuits being laterally off-set relative to
the cores D", D'', E', E" and the isolating pole K; and
one another about said paths of travel, and each
a third portion of the winding 65 encompasses the 35
armature pole adjacent one of said relative paths
cores F", F''', A', A" and the isolating pole G. A
of travel is at least in part connected in common to
second main winding 71 is wound with portions about
the magnetic circuits of a plurality of armature
each of the primary armature poles B, D, r, AA, CC
poles adjacent the other relative path of travel; and
and EE and across a pair of terminals 72 and 73. A
first coil means encompassing armature cores of the
third main winding 75 is would with portions about the 40
first armature assembly to establish armature poles
primary armature poles BB, DD and FF all of which are
of the first armature assembly, said first coil means
on the same side. The winding 75 is tied in series with
including a first plurality of main energizing wind-
an encompassing winding 77 and an encompassing
ing coil portions electrically joined in a first com-
winding 79 all tied in series across a pair of terminals 81
mon circuit with each of said first plurality of main
and 83. A first portion of the encompassing winding 77 45
energizing winding coil portions wound about al-
encompasses the cores AA", A'", BB', BB" and isolat-
ternate armature poles of said first armature as-
ing pole HH; a second portion encompasses the cores
sembly; second coil means encompassing armature
CC", CC'"', DD', DD" and isolating pole JJ; and a
cores of the second armature assembly to establish
third portion encompasses the cores EE", EE'', FF',
armature poles of the second armature assembly,
FF" and isolating pole LL. A first portion of the en- 50
said second coil means including a second plurality
compassing winding 79 encompasses the cores BB",
of main energizing winding coil portions electri-
BB'", CC', CC" and isolating pole Il; a second portion
cally joined in a second common circuit with each
encompasses the cores DD", DD'", EE', EE" and
of said second plurality of main energizing winding
isolating pole KK; and a third portion encompasses the 55
coil portions would about alternate armature poles
cores FF", FF''', AA', AA" and the isolating pole GG.
of said second armature assembly; and a third coil
Alternators in accord with the teachings of the
means having a third plurality of main energizing
present invention may be constructed to accommodate
winding coil portions electrically joined in a third
various requirements. The structure may include a plu-
common circuit, each of said third energizing
rality of individual circuits. The number of held poles
winding coil portions wound about alternate arma-
and armature poles may be varied, the placement of the 60
ture poles of at least one of the armature assem-
winding portions of individual circuits relative to the
blies.
position of winding portions of other circuits may be
2. The device of claim 1 further including a first en-
varied, the rotor may be rotated in either direction and
compassing winding coil with coil portions wound
the speed of rotation may be varied. These features 65
about primary armature poles with each portion of said
provide for versatile use of operation on generating of
first encompassing winding coil portion encompassing
electrical signals.
at least part of adjacent primary armature poles of at
least one of said armature assemblies.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 846, "chars": 5501, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,728,564
13
3. The device of claim 2 including a second encom-
passing winding coil with coil portions wound about
primary armature poles with each encompassing wind-
ing coil portion of said second encompassing winding
coil encompassing at least part of adjacent primary ar- 5
mature poles of the other of said armature assemblies.
4. The device of claim 2 in which said encompassing
winding coil portions of said first encompassing wind-
ing coil are electrically joined in common to said first
common circuit.
5. The device of claim 4 further including a plurality
of isolating poles with one of each of said isolating
poles positioned intermediate each of two adjacent pri-
mary armature poles of each of said first and second ar-
mature assemblies.
6. The device of claim 5 in which the magnetic cir-
cuit means establishes a plurality of individual cores
about each armature assembly with each core terminat-
ing adjacent one of said relative paths of travel, and a
magnetic insulator material intermediate adjacent 20
14
intermediate each of the field assemblies and each
of the armature assemblies; each of the armature
assemblies including a plurality of radially spaced
cores of magnetizable material along the as-
sociated orbits of relative rotation, each core of
the first armature assembly being joined in a com-
mon magnetic circuit with at least one of the cores
ot the secona armature assembly; ana
at least two generating circuits each having a plurali.
10
ty of main winding coil portions electrically joined
in common, each of said main winding coil por-
tions of each generating circuit being wound about
a plurality of individual of said cores to form a pri-
mary armature pole of a width substantially equal
15
to the width of the field poles and with a shade
pole positioned intermediate two of the individual
cores of each of said primary armature poles, the
main winding portions of the same generating cir-
cuit being radially spaced from each other along
the orbits of relative rotation and with adjacent
main winding coil portions about the orbit paths
7. The device of claim 6 in which each primary arma-
being joined to a different one of said generating
ture pole includes a plurality of individual cores en-
circuits; at least one of said generating circuits in-
compassed by one portion of one of said energizing
cluding main winding coil portions wound about
coils.
separate cores of the first and of the second arma-
8. The device of claim 7 in which each of said prima-
ture assemblies with each main winding coil por-
ry armature poles includes a shade pole.
tion radially offset about the axis of rotation rela-
9. The device of claim 6 in which each isolating pole
tive to other main winding coil portions and in
about one armature assembly is at least in part magneti-
which cores associated with each of said primary
cally common to at least one of said primary armature 30
armature poles of one of the armature assemblies
poles about the other armature assembly.
is at least in part magnetically interconnected with
10. The device of claim 9 in which each core of each
primary armature poles of the other of the arma-
primary armature pole is encompassed by at least one
ture assemblies; and at least one of the generating
portion of one of said energizing winding coil portions.
circuits including an encompassing winding coil
11. The device of claim 10 in which each primary ar- 35
having a plurality of encompassing coil portions
mature pole is encompassed in part by at least one por-
with each encompassing winding coil portion
tion of each of two encompassing winding coil portions
wound about a plurality of cores including cores of
of different electrical circuits.
adjacent primary armature poles.
12. An alternator comprising, in combination:
13. The alternator of claim 12 in which each field as-
a magnetic field structure having a first field pole as- 40
sembly includes a plurality of angularly equi-spaced
sembly of north polarity denomination and a
pole faces.
second field pole assembly of south polarity
14. The alternator of claim 13 in which the pole
denomination, said second field pole assembly
pieces of the opposite field pole assembly are angularly
being axially displaced from said first field pole as-
displaced relative to each other along the orbits of rela-
sembly along an axis of rotation, the field poles of 45
tive rotation.
one polarity denomination being displaced radially
15. The alternator of claim 14 in which the main
relative to the field poles of the other denomina-
winding coil portions of each main winding of each ar-
tion;
mature assembly are symmetrically displaced about the
an armature structure having a first armature as-
associated asrmature assembly.
sembly adjacent the north denominated field as- 50
16. The alternator of claim 15 in which the encom-
sembly and a second armature assembly adjacent
passing winding coil portions of each encompassing
the south denominated field assembly, said first
winding of each armature assembly are symmetrically
and second armature assemblies axially displaced
displaced along the associated armature assembly
from each other along said axis of rotation;
17. The alternator of claim 16 in which each primary
the field structure and the armature structure being 55
armature pole supports portions of at least two separate
rotatable relative to one another about said axis of
encompassing winding coils.
rotation and establishing orbits of relative rotation
60
65

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 611, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES PATENT CERICE
CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION
occas No.3,728,564
Dated April 17, 1973
.::.cor!s) John DeRugeris
It is certified that error appears in the above-identified patent
and that said Letters Patent are hereby corrected as shown below:
7
Column 1, line 19, change "magnetic" to --magnet--;
Column 7, line 26, change " • AA''" £O -AA!'--;
Column 11, Iine 40, change "would" to --wound--; and
Column 12, line 54, change "would" to --wound--.
Signed and sealed this 1st day of January 1974.
(SEAL) •
Attest:
EDWARD M.FLETCHER, JR.
Attesting Officer
RENE D. TEGTMEYER
Acting Commissioner of Patents

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 609, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES PATENT CORICE
CERTIPICATE OF CORRECTION
zaint No.
3,728,564
Dated April 17, 1973
...coz!s) John DeRugeris
It is certified that erroi appears in the above-icentified patent
and that said Letters Patent are hereby corrected as shown below:
Column 1, line 19, change "magnetic" to --magnet--;
column 7, line 26, change " $, AA''" tO -"AA'-;
Column 11, Iine 40, change "would" to --wound--; and
Column 12, line 54, change "would" to --wound--.
Signed and sealed this Ist day of January 1974.
(SEAL) •
Attest:
EDWARD M.FLETCHER, JR.
Attesting Officer
RENE D. TEGTMEYER
Acting Commissioner of Patents
