{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:43:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 746457, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125201-cejka-volta-and-his-electric-pile.pdf", "source_sha256": "6552d9c030e5d158ca6c28559b2549e90be038b31258a82b3e7165efbf607cf3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3131, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Volta.
and
his
"Electric
Pile"
WHEN Alessandro Volta, Italim shysicist
and protege of Napoleon Bapaite, 4-
toencel the invention of his "alectric pile"
in 1500, he touched off an explosion of
scientifle diseoveries and technologient in-
novations that have shaped the world we
kaow today. Volta's pile, foreninner of
modern primary-cell batteries, was a revolo-
firmary device because it was the very first
smarce of continuously Howing electrical
Just prior to Volta's
announcement,
scientis were preoccupied with the prob
lems of enderstanding and appiving the
only kinds of electricity known it the time-
static electricity and the mysterious "animal
electreity" discovered by Luig Galvani
Volta's pile changed tie course of electrical
researchi, leaving the brief sparks of static
electricity behind as a specialized baranel
of physies and moking Galvani's discoveries
into nothing more than a scientifie curiosity.
As a prafessor of physics at the Talim
universities at Como and Pavia, Volta spent
he fast thirty your of his career loneng
for ways to generate, mensure, and control
statie electricity. His electrophorus and con-
densing electroscope both evolved directly
From this libe of work. When Galvani sent
him a copy of a paper describing a new
kind of "animal elvetricity," Volta imme-
dintely dropped his work, and began repre
ducing the famous frog-muscle experiments.
His primary objective was to help Calvani
explain his strange observations.
Galvani, an Italian physician in Bologna,
Tad accidently discovered that touching the
nerves in a frog's leg with a pair of unlice
metals made the muscles convulse.
thought that the lving tissues, and not the
metals, were the source of electricul energy
Galvant called this form of
electreity
"animal electricity" to distinguish it from
statie electricity, und he sneerely believed
he had uncovered the secret force of life
According to Galvani, the nerve 15suc
gencrated the electrical energy that made
the trog's leg convulso, In the light of mod-
ern electrophysiology. Tie wasn't far from
wrong: Where Galvani went off track was
with his belief that the metals merely com-
pleted the cireut between nerve and
muscle. As a methodical experimenter, Volta
tried the experiment using two pieces of
the same metal-sometbing thut never oc-
curred to Calvani. The frog's leg did not
witch. The ciscrepancy came as a big sur-
orise to both men. Volta responded by
re-evaluating Gulvani's theory. Galvani and
followers responded by criticizing
new-fangled experimental pro
At the time, it took a great deal of bold
and creative insight to propose that the
metds, and not the animal tissues, were
behind this new kind of electrical energy.
When Volta arrived at this motton, he began
a series of esperiments to show that a pair
of milike metals can produce electricity
without the hep of my kind of onimal
tisnes. His first experiments used a single
pair of metols bathed in either a brine
salution or a dilate acid. Volta, by the way,
was never asle to explain the function of the
brine or neic.
When Calvani heard about Volta's new
experiments, he responded by pointing out

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 558, "chars": 3484, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
large amounts of "animal electrenly
"well»
sut the help of way kind of metal. For the
time being.
this argument soroped Volta:
but it didn't stop him.
The only research
instruments at the
chine were those designed for shoving
static electricty-hardly the kinds of instru-
ments a modem-day lechnician would use
to study the nature of batteries. Thus,
Volta had to juggle electroscopes, charged
gloss rods and slabs of resh to measure his
metallic contact electricity."
Volta determined the relative intensity of
his electrical forces by charging an eleetro-
seupe with his brine-bathed metab. The
farther the leaves separated, the larger the
electricn tension.
He determed
Lie
polarity of his potentials by fist charging
an electroscope with a statie charge of
kunwn polarity, then touching it with one
of the metallic electrodes If the leaves
polarity had to be the some as the reference
static charge.
His first experiments showed that differ-
ent combinations of clectrode metal pro-
duced different polarities
and amcouts ol
electrical tension. By mating a possible
pairs of electrodes made from lead, zine,
copper, graphite, silver and gold, Volca
constructed the first table of electromotive
UTENTRIES
Halians living in other parts of the conntry
began making trouble for the plysicist. To
add feel to the animosites between Volta
and Galvani, the plysician stubborny re-
fused! to pledge allegiance to the French Hag
Volta's situation becune so bad at one point
that Nopoloon, himself, intervened to save
the nock of les favorite seientist.
When the political air finally cleared,
Volta retired to the sedentific tasks
hand. The obly remaining problen
Was
finding a way to get a more conymeng
amount of electrical tension from his cons
fact metals. He cure upon the idea of paling
copper and zine dises on top of one another,
sandwiching a piece of brimsoaked card.
board between each pair.
This
"pile" of
metals and cardboard actually fared wint
we now know as a series aiding circuit.
In 1800, Volta described the find resuls
of his work in a long, bor-part letter to
Joseph Banks, President of the Royal Society
of London, Hanks perpired the letter us a
formal scientific paper for the Chatomphlent
Transactions of the British Regar Society
Published under the title of "On the Elec-
InCity Excited by the Mere Canteet of
Conducting Substinees of Different Kinds."
the world learned of Volta's soccee of eun-
neid-sonked metals produced the new foom
clectricity.
Thus,
Galvani's
theory
suffered a sudden and complete death.
Lower part of Voltaic pile. Most had
30 sets of metal and cardboard discs.
would produce
While Galvani was quietly gallering sup-
porting data for his finding, Volta lad to
work between
bouts of accusations and
"public insults" concering his allegiance to
Italy. When Napoleon and
his
armies
sormed into northern Italy, making Volta's
state of Lombardy part of
French
Empire, Volta was one of the Italias sent
to greet the neted conquerur. Doing a resi-
dent of the lictle state, Volta wasn't
overly
enthosiastic aboot his missions bat
having
met Napoleon in Paris several wears before
Volta decided it would be wise to move
with the bide of the times, and make the
best of the political sitations around him.
Volta Wasn't a traitor in the usual sense:
because the people of Lombardy lad elways
been sympathetie to the French cause. They
losked upon Napoleon as one who crukt
finally mily the separate states of their
- COPPERI+)
CANER BOARED
A WEEK

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 633, "chars": 4061, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The fest part of Volta's poper described
the construction and effects produced by
his electric pile: *
if the sets of triplets
of the plates be added 20 or 30 more, dis
poser in the sume order. the actions of the
extended pile will be much stronger, and be
felt through the arms up to the shoulders:
and by continuing the touchings, the pains
in the hands became insupportable."
Volta also noted thac the "perpetual"
alectrical action stopped as the cardbourd
pieces begun to dry out. To remedy chis
problem Volta invented the "crown of
glasses"-glasses filled with a weak acid
solution and containing i puir of unlike
metals. By attaching wires from an electrode
of one kind to an electrode of the other
kind in another glass. Volta wired up what
we now know as a series cell arrangement.
This makes up a more familiar version of
wetcell batteries thar are employed today.
Althuugh Volta and Galvani were bitter
enemies. Volta gave Galvani full credit for
leading him into the kind of research that
resulted in the "pile" and "crown of glasses."
pril due to Vale's support, his per-
current became known as
*galvanie
current." Electrical researchers later named
the galvanometer
after the unfortunate
Italian physiciun.
Volta, however, could not resist taking
one publie jab at the man who had been
his rival for so many years. When Napoleon
invited Volta to demonstrate his inventions
before the portical and acientific leaders of
the French Empire, Volta introduced his
electrie pile by unwrapping it from the
skin of am electric eel-the animal that
representer Galvani's strongest argument for
"animal electricity.
A PERMAVENT 3.75-Volt SUPPLY
By FRANK H. TOOKER
THOsE readers who have been passing up
A simple ac-powered charger for the Ed-
the 3.r5-voit nickel-cadmium battery of
mund battery puck is shown in the schemat-
fer currently being made by Edmund Sci-
jc dingrum.
Note that a step-down trans-
entifie Co. i300 Edscorp Bldg, Barrington.
former capable of delivering between 5 and
NJ 05007) are overlouking an especially
7.5 voits it the secondary is cunnected to a
goed buy, These batteries are hermetically
full-wave bridge rectifier assembly. Poten-
sealed in steel enses, They maintain a con-
tometer Al is the limiting resistor, while
stant potential during discharge and love
millimeter Mi allows the user to visually
excellent charge setention propeeties. They
set the churge rate to the proper level. The
are rated at 750 mA hours. And they sell
output from the charger is unfiltered, which
for only $3,40 each. To top it all of, the
is perfectly safe and satisfactory for Ni-
Edmund people guarantee these batteries
Cad battery charguy
for at least 300 charges, provided the ree
ommended charging rate is not exceeded.
Edmund's Stock No. 60,633 batteries can
be used in any application where any ocher
battery can be user-and in wone applies
fiors where other batteries just can't hack
0000000
00000
100л
70
375v
BATTERY
REGTI
HEPIZS
The charging rate of a nickel-cadmim
battery is very important Edmund
mends that their batteries he charged at a
rate not greater than Th mA over a period
of 16 hours. In many applications, how-
ever, a charging rate of only 35 mA will
keep the batteries churged.
Charging can be accomplished by any
de source, the potential of which must be
ignificantly greater than the nominn 3.75
volt rating of the battery pack. All that is
necessary to assure a safe charging rate ts a
current-Imiting resistor between the battery
Pitch and the churging source.
10+
For applications like continuous, 24-heur-
a-day, operation of crystal oscillators, fur
portable fest instrument employing digital
RTL integrated circuits, and for alarm and
surveillance service (to name but three),
the battery is unsurpened in performance
and rellability. And Edmund's low price of
only $2.40 for the 3.75-valt battery pack
makes it realistio and worthwhile to have
several packs on standby, ready to go into
service for any new application or emer-
geney that should happen along.
POPULAR BLECTRONICS Ineloding Electronics Warld
