{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T07:14:25Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5645810, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125282-cejka-hans-coler-inventions-part-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "a246db48047c754d4ca133e0e4d179188aebab857dced4792c312336c0afd82a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 621, "chars": 3919, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRITIS ) INTELLIGENCE OBJECTIVES SUB-COMM TEE
Ino Invaat doa ci lEaD Coler rolatins to an
CONADENTIA*
aliored no poures of pover
Col
-4
: EB 1962
Color 1e tho inventor of tro doviopo by wiich it is.
allogol →lootrionl onorar Fa bo dorivod without a ohneloal
or moolandoal couroo of portor.
Sinoe an offiolal interost
#ca tron in hio Invontiona by tho German Miniralty 1t no
folt that invontigotion nao varronted, olthough nomally it
would bo considered that ouch a olndo could only be fraudulont,
ocordingly Colez mia vioitod and intorrogntod,
Ho
proved to bo do-oporativo and willina to discloco nll detnlla
of hio davicos, and consentod to bidld up and put into
oporation a all nodol of tho co-called "Mianotatrompparnt"
mina cacoral pupplied to hia by ua, and voridne only 1n
our procenco.
With thia dorioo, condiotine ong oL
porament riemoto, coppor collo, and condonorn in a otatio
ringansat he phond that ho could obtin n tonaion of 1,50
pillivolto for a period of cose houro: ond in a ropotition..
of the oxporiment the nost uny 60 millivolta wan rooorled
for a thort portou.
The appurutim has boen brought brok
and 1u nos boing farther Invostigatod.
Colet ale digouood anothor dorioo onlled the "Strees
Ton thien ha oledond that with an trut of a rox
anito rioso dar battory on outout of 6 kllamatta oorld bo
obtined indotinitaly.
Ro asnaplo of thio opparotuo orduta
todig, but Coler expranaed hin illingnona to conotruot it,
Bivon tho anterinlu, the ties zogudrod boing about throo
vooko.
Oppor tit/ tão taken to antorrogato Dr. F. Lodorooan
vio had boon angolated alta Coler for ton youro and had
providna Cinanolal baoldna. Fo corroborntod Color'a atory
in overy detril.
Noithor Color nor Modoruohn soro ablo to givo any thoory
to cooont for tho vording of thono dorlos, uoing noceptable
bolontifio notiona.
HATCHICAL NOES.
B.1.O.5. FINAL REPORT No. 1043,
ITEM No. 11. Coy=+30
I. mo "'ornotatroungarnt"
in n anectit way bo that the oirocs tae
mnet itocle as woll no the windinge (ro Fic.1).
Thoso nix ragnot-coila ani piranged in a bacagon ar
ponunoted nu shem in the dineron (Fian. 2 md 3),
in a diriute wiloh inoluios two orll doadonsers,
ewiton, and a palr of colonoldal colle, oro aliale
inaide tho other.
To bring tho dovioo tato oporat
tho nwiton io laft open, to mognota ara mored
olightly apurt, ond tho aliding doil set into verio:
ponitlona, with a wait of ouviral minutos botween
ad justmento•
Ino menoto nro then ooporatod atita
further, nd the ooile novou ngnin.
thio prosoon
roponted util at o orition acparation ef the nest
ai Indication apponto on the voltirotor-
Ino grito
is nou olorod, and the proaduro continuoa mare dio
Mia tenaion then builda up cradunily to a naxinur, •
should thon rendin infinitely,
Ine Frontest tor
oblained was stated to bo 12 volto.
Thie "'a notatromapparat" wns developed by Colc
and von Uniun (now dead) carly in 1933, and they ne
Intor assinted by Frans lini of Siggens-Schukert, M
bult himolt o model which worked in Deocaber 1935
Tido was anon by Dre Kurt Mio of Dorlin Foohnincho
hochonule und fert Fonr (liaber's novistaat do sir
K.V.I.), who reported that the dovios appurentis wo
and that thay oould astoot no froud.
Cho modol 1g
onid to have voried for 3 contha locked in no fura
tho lorvucian Logotion in borlin in 1933.
vork arpeora to have beon dona on thin arotom oino?
thint dato.
Tho "Stroneracuzer"
Thio devioe consiato of an arrungenent of taur
fint coila, and compor platos, with a prury airou
gnorpioed by a mall dry battors*
The output fron
the acendary wo uacd to light n bank of apa ond
uma clained to be many times tho orifinal inpus. or
. continuc inde initoly:
Dotaila or tho cirouit,
a choory no to ita modo or operation woro givon
(ounnurizod in Appendix I).
In 1925 Coler ahoied n amall (10-watt) vorujon
Pros. Xios (Durii), who askad the Governont to E
It a thorough investigation, but this woo resused,
a catent on tho groundo that

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3753, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Roportad by I, Hurst, I or 5.
THE DIENTION OF HAS COLE, RELATING TO AN ALTERED
LAT SOUND OF PONIE
soon by Profa, Schunn (Itunioh), Bragotsd(Tronahoin)
and Knudan (Copenhage). Roporto hy Qoss and
Sohutann aro tronslatoo in Appondioco, II and III.
Inezer natel with an output or 70 matta. This wan
domonstratoá to Dr. F. Modersolin, who obtninca fron
Lodorooin then oongentod to back tho invention, and
formadà cempany (Coler G.a.b.h,) to continuo tho
dovolopient.
it the sano tiro a Norwogion croup had
been Elving finmicial aupport to Color, and thoso tro
group olashed, Moderoohn'o oonoction with their-
netall Boraig, and honoo with the offiolal Mennonn
Cooring onbino gava him an adrontago in this, Coler
then in 1977 built for the Coupony a lorgor voraion
with on output of nix kilowntto.
In 1945 Modoroohn brought tho dorioo to the
attention of the icsearch Dopartment of tha D.K.M.
Tho invostiption noa pinood undor tle direotion of
Cocrbournt Soyuen, who cont Dr. H. Frolion to work
with Coler from 1.4.43 to 25.9.43-
Fronton wan
convinocd of the renlity of the phonomona, and set
aboul invostigating the fundamontrls of the dovico.
Ho apporontly concentratod on a otudy of thio oncr
alanges which occur on the opening and oloning of
induativo oircuito.
it tho ond of the period ho wan
tronaforrol to D.K.I. to vork on sorodinanio probloma
and is now worldng in focar.
In 19/e a oontrnot was arrangod by the O.X.M. with
Continontal Iotall A.G. for furthor development, but
this "u nover carried out ore to tho atato of tho
Dountry: In 1945 the opportua was destroyad by a
bori, in koihorg, dither Coler had ovrounted.
Sinoa
that tino Coler hot been cuployed, aortines as on
ongancer ond aonatiaco no a labourer.
aevered his connection itl Rhoinmatll Boraig, of
whion ho had been a dirctor, ard ma working for tha.
Rus n authoritico as a consultant in cheniool
• Intortognizun ci DruEl, Modernonn
1.7
Modoraohn van gucationed about tho history of
thone doviocs, with whioh ho had boen conoenied
Tinamolly, and corroborated the dottala givon by Col!
Ho atoted that he had ot firot disbolovca Color'o olo
but hind takon groat prconationo to alirinato fraud.
had anen the 70 watt "Stromorsougar" worcing on a nuntr
of cocasiong, and had taken it while worldng from one
room to another.
A1 porta wore vinible und nothine
wue hiuden.
to ho ma hizolt not export ha had trici
tilan to oce how it moried.
Ina exooption 17o Dr.
Frolich, who va convinood of the roality of the offar
and who also bellovad that the clorot was to bo found
in an analyoin of tho onorty changon in the apcolal
Ho had mado cznerinonto to
test hia jaca, but lodorsohn doniod knowlodeo of tha
resulta.
l'odarzohn was artranoly motnodiool, and
ahond his files on the subject: thebo contatnod copic
of oll lottore and reports concerning the devioo, alnce
1933.
Construotion and Peating of tho "Magnetst romaparnt"
In our presence and with material suppliod by us
(gone brought fras Ingland and the rost bought looally)
Color built an apparatus no nhoan in Fir0.2, 2, ond 3.
It is to be noted tiant some ragnet ard wound in a
olocivine diroction looking at the Nolo (callod left)
no ottora in an anti-lookraso direction Conlod TachE
Tho magneto nero celocted to be on nearly aguil in
strongth as poopitlo, and tho rostatanao of tlic nognot-
Doll combination was obooked altor minding to nco that
this aloo wan uniforu noout :33 ohm).
The physionl
arzangement ons as shown in Pig- 2, in a breadboard
otylo.
Menouronente of voltago and current acroad
1-5 were ende with a lavomoter. A mochanioal arrango-
mont of alidors and cranke for soparating the magnoto
avenly all round vos nade up.
BRITISH IYTELLICENCE OBJECEIVES OL-COOTTEE,
32, Aryanston Souzro, Iondon, F.J.
2.1,0.52am 10. 27

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 3509, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0i toni
Color Enfod kitis March 1926)
On tha 3rd of Maroh I havo on roquost Inopootod tho apparntu..
Ino rosult of tho invostigation chowed an antontara:
agnatructod or Captor Color, onå I undortoor coza toots rogardin wording of the emporatua, walah, without furtner raggaro
its offiolonor.
Pratossor Dr. i. Franko Iron the Roamnionl
cannot be celained or compored with the hithorto bion
Collogo of Barlin wan procont et theso tenta,
oharaotoristion.
Ino apparatus, in ito ponstruation alroady knonn to no fron a
corlou Inspoption, cunsinta of:
Rogardtre tho Causo of tho obsorved chorooteriatioo
A doublo-tor system of coppor platoo,
especinlly the colution of tho quostion, whore the erora
i doublo-rom ayaton of flat spools, and
tha apparatus originatos, no explanation onn bo fiver ze
a syston of eloatro-annoto
aitor the chort and aimplo toote,
o those porod allver wiron aro attached and throuch affol branoo
Solaly the conjosture dan bo exprosaid that the ang
surronto of the plato-ayaton aro conduoted.
For anch of the this ayaton le tho cougo of the chorer.
It thorodoro acosa
yotora a three part acouaulator-battory of 6 volto and 6.5 poradoolcablo to olear this point by furthor thorough and of.
ouro coproity lo prosiced.
The plato-oirouit ond the spool-
For this purpon tha proposition of tir.
it to parl c t to te bottorion apportining thoro-to construot a bigger apparatus to vary engible, an eppe
• oun nino bo replacod by a aingla battory.
This vas ascortain into willoh fron the beginning bossuring-inotrutonto shou
onur the end of the tents by aritahing off the one battory wildult in the rospootivo parts of tho singlo oirowits in •
ho apparatus mig worring-
to orablo the "adjuatmont" of tho ayparatio inoluatne the
thor: dearistion no the anorator my th
indoonary to got a scoond ohargo-ispatus attor oxoiting with tho
Tho capersit consists of tiero prenuinto ofpotata -
ipparntue.
confined thia apportion in ao much a tho meannish could not bo
startad with the oinglo battory, on the contruy the "najuatsont" mich ovidently havo all to bo brokent to Loconanoo tr
anathor.
of the melaniva got disturboo.
Ino principlo ofroufto (callca the nobos) ta vitot
are to tate to me to t er car go passly cous, dosalst of toes place bo
on val vet bot to mato cost clan tractorsor cofts oro comestea
ooooonry for tho "adjuntsont".
batron the op ond af the titte ono Inco mado 00l (Gд-0m-lo).
Ci caca DE tho
Into and apool-autors thoro to the torminal oldope for tha
fIcotivo pirouit for whodo looding three bulbs of 8 volts aro
Finding on bido is cecile a Igo at cert Clone
Me t are to to p to cotton d or all (0l0l tila) tie des collie st So
o on boing londod with 2 Inimo, 3 Inmpo and running light.
and by on or protestant onto arront type cult cold, cod on the gthus hand on the woor-al.
ubit, wilton do alacua betroon chose ine taid olcotato.
Slemona & Inlaka Nr, 423020 tho indicotions of tho butlt-in
struents voro controllo to undtoking on the santonad prodiot adoptiont orous (called tha dircoting ofront) (Stam
are to tate to time de a de do dirt to to a da transec Parue 1 Bite diatrice
condinal olmap of tho buttor/, in order to doortain 1f parhope
and in pies boso interround pardo (anonor in rod, {lold
through any by concotioto with tho batteries, not corpious staren, dizucete pict a sic) igo A cho do oct
noo, bord durrunt might bo zuaoivod than the bullf-in instrusont besto diers, cons the celcottone beloved arms 21-2o:
aro chowinz.
col -incuritatica.
boudo of
auring acounoy.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1787, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It do than utand dant ojotco F1 - l2 neruly tir.
Induoing offoot, and the usaful ourrent oozon Into
existanoo in the cyatca P1 - P2-
A cinglo atago oniot bo offootive but two stagoo
conneotad so that tho nubers of offootivo North and
Souti polo aro ogual vill provido a basio verring
Mora dollo atagos con thon bo addad
to provide highor outputa,
It 10 then statod that on well as the nornal clootrona
Maring from the battory and froa induotion when the
airauto 1a opened or olosed "apaçe olcatrona" flow frou
"ropolling paous" to "attrnoting apaoes" botmon tho
plates, but thin thoory I has unablo to follow any
furtbor.
2
Summay tocolat of tho "Stronoreogsor"
Tho baolo principlo io that in alootron is to bo
roguriod not only an a nogativoly ohargod partiolu but
also no д South magnetio pole.
Tna badla olcaont 10 that of an opon cocontary
irow, caproity loaded, induotivoly couplod to a prinary.
airault.
The novul fouturo in that the coppoltioo ero
connested to tho quondary pore throuch portanant magnota
au ohomI-
L000000A1L
(7727713317
L.
Ma.
It 1o oluinod that, on uitohing on tie prinary ofrout,
"population of olarzoo" tacos 11ado, 1-o. 11 boacaos +
voly onarzod and la - voly ohargod, and that thoo cargos
aro "cagnutioally polaried" whon thuy aro connoi,
-to tho prouenoo of the lagnolo.
On onitohing off tho
prunry oirouit a "rovoraing curront" flow in tho
secondary, but the magnota "do not oxurt a polariaing
offoot on thia ruvarual".
Iwo of thaco badio olomantu aro now ploood togothar
aning a doublo cyoton or piago with tha platos oloso
togother in parallol planes an chorn:-
140003002
5
L.
Tho
popondary winding to both oxnotly onual and wound
in a dirootion suoin that on aritohing on the primary coil
the olootrong in the wooondary ooll flow from P1 to Fz
*2*
-7-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1301, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fig. 4.
75
On the coconday sido tha coil 5 was concocod with rosistonoo
a rovornible ructirior G, und a ligidy ansitivo hot-mino resotor,
to forn a oiroutt.
The rundotice it was largo opened fith tha
apparont rosiotonco of the ooil 3.
• Thu transome colia, ocancatod botion tho anonor plates,
aro connootal in a poculiar var through thin personent magnot
I0d3,
Inoir min cogiot coco to bo to poo-daciotico tho
transformor oozoa, it io, toworos, vory probeolo that they aro
aloo connucted with tim Barokhauon offoot, raioh vill bo
contionod lator.
www
Fig.
(4)
4
www
ww
Switch Sch allored the critcoins oi tho rootrior G to do
carried out in ouch a bannor,
that in cae onco the bolt tavo of tho
opening inpulse, and in the othor thes of the olosins implico, nos
trangrittod.
In ordor to provont any possiblo oscation, that
the iron hund any influonce on the rosulta, the sasio transtoreor
was out out during the atporizonto and on fron-troo fact aoll
arrangement mod as the induotos during tbogo oxporiactoo.
alicinatol all interroronco and had excollont transriocion
proportico. The roquirca bansitivity mas attairud an thogo
Ecasurementy by using a thoropilo with the toot sonedtivo
#illianicter.
After nary trinlo, the cotor drivon intorruptor
or a Bosch ignition sagnot was mod us cake-and-badde
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 354, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS IS THE MAJOR & MORE IMPORTANT
PART OF A CLAGSIFIED BRITISH COCUIENT
THAT MAS DONE IN 1946 & NOM UN CLARD.
IT 17A5 FOUND IN CORNELL UN.BY B.NELSOM
15
35
100 mm.
20
15_ mm..:
binding
Water
Paper
soldered a
Sound bindin
sitorion between magner
Fig: 1.
(Right) (Right)
II (LeFt)
(Lefi) III
(right) (Right!
OUTEs Right)
wwwww
wwwwww
MINER (LeFt.
Fig: 2.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 4135, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HANS COLER INVENTIONS
(PART 3 OF 3)
Translation of a report by Professor W.O. Schumann in Berlin dated April 3, 1926
REPORT OF EXAMINATION ON COLER APPARATUS
Time; 1.4.43 to 25.9.43
Place; Reasearch Department of the Admiralty, Berlin
Time: 1.4.43 to 30.6.43
Place; Physical Insutute of the Technical University of Berlin
Time; 1.7.43 to 25.9.43
REPORT BY HANS COLER AND DR. HEINZ FROLICH
ABSTRACT
Some years ago an apparatus (the Coler apparatus) was
empirically developed which, according to a series of reports
by well known scientists and practical engineers, was able to
deliver • considerably higher electrical output than the input
necessary to excite the electromagnetic fields of the apparatus.
Due to the lack of sufficient knowledge of the complicated
ictivity within the apparatus, and of the impossibility of
explaining this in known terms, the success in starting the
apparatus depended upon happy accident.
With the support of the Research Dept. of the Admiralty
(OKM), an attempt was made to examine and measure the
activibes in the Coler apperatus. Due to lack of sufficient
technical and physical means, we did not at first succeed in
starting it. This work, however, led to valuable knowledge and
information.
It is therefore necessary, through a systematic basic research.
to transfer the adjustment and other necessary procedure for
starting the apparatus, from the domain of accident into a
practical experimental procedure which is at any time
reproducible.
1. HISTORY
During the years 1923 to 1926 the undersigned, Captain Hans
Coler, hasing his work on lay theories of electromagnetic and
inductive activities, has developed an apparatus for generating
electrical energy, which delivered a considerably higher
electrical output than was necessary to excite the primary fields
of the apparatus. This development was carried out merely
empirically and due to the lay procedure, without recording
measurements or making diagrams.
This apparatus was the subject of numerous examinations by
scientists and practical engineers, who, in their reports almost
withour caception, had to admit an energy surplus or energ
multiplication without being abie to explain the process by
present knowledge. The inventor also could not give an
explanation due to lack of sufficient knowledge of the
activities of the apperatus.
Due to unpleasant differences with the financiers, mostly
foreigners, and a nervous breakdown of Coler because of this,
the apparatus and the original theories were lost
Upon resumption of the experiments at a later date, the effect
was occasionally successfully reproduced, which, however.
evidentally due to disturbance of the adjustments, could not be
maintained because sufficient measurements were not taken
The outbreak of war then put a temporary endle the
expenmental work.
2. INTERVENTION OF THE OKM
in 1942 Coler and Dr. Modersohn made an application to the
OKM to supply them with materials for further work, hoping
that by simple technical means, the apparatus could be made
to work.
Their aim was to produce a working apparatus. which couid
be shown to the Fuhrer of Germany, leaving the measurement
of all activities of the apparatus to a later date.
The OKM approved the application and sent sufficien
material to build the apparatus and lent the inventor ordinary
amperemeters, voltmeters, and necessary tools: It was found,
however, that due to the overload of work upon them ar this
time, their spare time work was not sufficient to socure quick
results. The OKM therefore procured them release from their
other work to allow a more intensive, and due to the
cooperation of Dr. Frohlich, who had experience in physica
measurements, a more scientific approach:
The newly developed apparatus could not be made to work,
however, because of the lack of thorough knowledge of the
activities in the apparatus which now appeared to be ver
complicated. Valuable knowledge and promising signs
bowever, were obtained.
3. SHORT DESCRIPTION OF THE APPARATUS
The apparatus consists of three principle circuits which are
ENERGY UNLIMITED #16. POB 35637, Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176
Раде 31

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 825, "chars": 5189, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inter-wound and intercoupled in a peculier way. Some of these
are divided again into single subsidiary circuits which
evidently all have to be brought into resonance with one
another.
The principle circuits (called the anchor) in which the energy
gain probably occurs, consists of metal plates berween which
transformer coils are connected, the whole being connected to
one large plate coil. On each of the single windings on this is
coupled a Large flat coil (called field). These flal coils are
interwound in two groups, these groupe represent the turns of a
transformer. This couples, on one hand to the flat coils of the
otber group (as secondary coils), and on the other hand to the
anchor plate coil, which is placed between them. The third
electrically independent circuit, (called the directing circuit)
regulates this transference. Figure 1 shows diagramatically and
in plan these interwound parts. Figure 2, the so called basic
diagram, shows the connections berwoen these different parts.
This basic diagram shows the conditions necessary for
self-interruption, In consoquence of this arrangement, different
types of current a created in different conductors (pulsed
direct current, altemating curreat, etc.).
The transformer coils, connected between the anchor plates,
we connected in a peculur way through thin permanent
magnet rods. Their main object seems to be to pre-magnetize
the transformer cores. It is, bowever, very probabie that they
are also connected with the Barckhausen effect, which will be
mentioned later.
4. EXPERIMENTS CARRIED OUT
From the reflections which led to the diagram of the apparatus
described above, be reality of some physical effects was
assumed, which partly from the inventor himself, and partly
also from the scientists who had czamined the working
apparatus, were stued as a possible or probable explanation of
the phenomenon observed.
As these bypotheses had not been examined by measure-
ments, it seemed suitable, for further development of che
apparatus, to clarify these questions by further experiment, so
far as was possible with the means at our disposal.
The experiments carried out are described below.
EXPERIMENT 1
If a single layer solenoid is connected to a battery, a current
begins to flow a the moment of connection, which is known to
rise exponentially, until it reaches • consume maximum
determined by the voltage of the batiery and resistance of the
circuit. Every point on the current/time curve coresponds to a
magneue held, which is dependent upon the dimensions of the
solenoid. At the moment of connection the electrons do not
begin to flow at the same time in all parts of the coil, because
the cloctromagnetic wave travels with the velocicy of light. The
electromagnetic field at different parts of the coil also builds up
with a corresponding time differcoce. Now in a right hand
wound coil a north pole is produced at the end where the
curreot enters (the current direction is taken now and hercafter
to be the direction of flow of the electrons, i.e. from negative
to positive). In a left hand coil, a south pole is similarly
produced. In the first case, the building up of the magnetic
field proceeds from the north pole to the south, in the second
case, from the south to the nonth. The direction of the building
up of the field is in one case with the direction of flow of the
field and in the other against it.
Question:
Is the velocity of the building up of the field different in these
Two cases, although the data of the coils is the same except for
the direction of winding? This means, is there a difference in
the time in which the currents are reaching their maximum
value?
If such an effect could be found, it must show itself in one of
the following ways:
(a) The coils must have different apparent resistances. By
measurements of voltage and current the apparent resistance to
ten right-handed and ten left-handed coils were lested with a
Phillips-Schwebungs-Summer. The apparent resistances were
the same within an experimental error of about plus or minus
1 percent.
(bOther conditions being the same, the coils must induce
different potentinis across a secondary coil, when connected to
• battery. Mcasurements were made with a cathode ray
oscillogruph from Siemens and Halske. The induced potentials
were the same. It can therefore be taken as proved that no such
effect exists.
EXPERIMENT 2
Given a solenoid consisting of rwo windings, one upon the
other, of the same length and number of turns, and enclosing a
soft iran cylindrical core. Firmly attached to one end of the
core is a pre-magnetized steel rod, If an alternating current is
passed through one of these coils acting as primary, the
residual magnetism of the steel rod is strengthened during one
half cycle, through the magnetism induced in the core; during
the other half cycle it is weakened. If now the other winding is
connocted in series with the pre-magnetized steel rod - as
socondary coil - in such a way that the secondary cument must
pass through the magnet, one half cycle of the secondary
current must be more or less suubdued, in other words a
Page 34
ENERGY UNLIMITED #16. POB 35637. Sta. D, Albuquerque. NM. R7176

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 844, "chars": 5364, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rectifying effect must be created. (It may be remembered that
according to measurement by Professors Kloss and Schumann
• bigh frequency pulsed direct current - abour 180 Ke - is
Nowing in the output resistance of the apparatus, for the
creation of which no other explanation seems possible).
Unfortunately the testing of these effects could only be made
with tuned froquency alteruting current, with the use of which
no such phenomenon could be seen when using measuring
instruments and a catbode ray oscillograph.
The question is open whether, and if so, in what way, an
influence on the electron movement exists through the
oscillation of the magnet molecules by high frequency
alternating fields, especially of such an impulse-like character.
character.
EXPERIMENT 3
Previous measurements, from the year 1937, made by the
inventor and his assistant, Dipl, Ing. Rudolf Hingst, had shown
the following effect. Given two solenoids each consisting of
two coils one upon the other, of the same length and number
of turns, one winding of one solenoid is connected in series
with one winding of the other, wound in the same sense, and
-m intermittent direct current is passed through them, The
naining windings, which are to be considered as secondary
coils, are also connected in series but wound in opposite
sense to one another. The induced accondary currents are
therefore similarty in opposition, and would, due to the equal
dimensions of the coils, eliminate one anotber. The measure-
ments referred to above are said to have given the result that in
such • secondary circuit a considerable direct current
component exists which can be strengthened by means which
we shall not go into bere. This strengthening is to a degree
such that the 'secondary direct current' is comparable to the
primary current.
Testing the results of these measurements, however, did not
confirm them.
EXPERIMENT 4
Besides the above questions, uncertainty existed as to what
part the above described plate and flat coil unit plays in the
function of the apperatus, how great is the mutual influence of
the flat coils upon one another? Of the flat coils upon the
plates? And finally of the plates between them? As the plates
are not only charged as condensers, but also have directed
currents pessing through them it had to be assumed that their
mutual influence not only consisted of a condensor effect, but
that they also created a magnetic field.
It must be stated that the frequency of the Summer" at our
sposal (O-12Kc) was not sufficient to measure the mutual
electromagnetic influence of the plates, due to the low
apparent resistance. This examination should be carried out
with high frequency alternating current. It was, however.
possible by the use of a highly sensitive oscillograph as a valve
voltmeter to measure the potential induced by the flat coils on
the individual plates, to discover the induction currents in the
plates, and also to determine the value of the potential induced
by the flat coils on the plates in proportion to the currents
created in the plates from the current induced in the anchor
coils (the directing curreot was used as • primary winding
in these measurements, being connected to the Schwebungs-
Summer).
It appeared that the 'Ankertrakte' AC or BD (Soe Fig. I) are
pot all to be considered as oscillating circuits, but that the
single group systems, consisting of plate - to anchor coils -
plate, already represent independent oscillation circuits.
ACCORDING TO THIS THE APPARATUS CONTAINED
TEN SUCH OSCILLATION CIRCUTTS. The individual
frequency of these curcuits AND POSSIBLE DIFFER-
ENCES EXISTING BETWEEN THEM could unfortunately
not be measured, because up to now only tuned frequency for
excitation was at our disposal. In order to make the apparatus
work, the harmony of all oscillating circuits in their individual
froquencies would evidently be necessary - at least within
certain lumits determined by suppression in question. Such
an adjustment can, of course, not be secured by the means ar
our disposal ar the present occasional success musi be
considered as chance.
The mutual influence of the flat coils upon one another could.
on the other hand, casily be examined because, despite the
great distance berween the windings (25 mm), they have
remarkably great apparent resitance (about 200 ohms at 10Kc).
It appeared that the power factor of both of the flat coils
wound 1: 1 , in consequence of their peculiar interwinding
(see Fig. 1), have the astonishingly high value of 0.85. The
value of the power factor was at a maximum at 10 Kc, at which
frequency the most favorable matching of the impedance of the
Summer was obtained.
The assumption could easily be made that the power factor of
the flat coils upon the plates is still more favorable, but this
measurement can only be made with high frequency
alternating current.
Apart from the great number of alternative arrangements and
connections berween the different perts, - during the period
covered by this report eight different circuit diagrams were
testod in addition to the experimenting above - the following
so far unsolved problems are hindering success in making the
apparatus work.
(a) The influence of the pre-magnetization and of the
magnetizing effect due to the battery current upon the
ENERGY UNLIMITED *16, POB 35637, Sta. D. Albuquerque. NM. 87176
Раде 35

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1434, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
individual frequency of the oscillating circuits.
(b) The influence of the Barckhausen effect on the phase
conditions of the cecillations in the individual circuits and on
the mutual magnetic and cloctrical processes.
(c) The influence on the movement of electrons in the
pre-magnetized seel rods by the high frequency pulse-like
field variations, through the oscillations of the molecules of the
(d) The behavior of the mutual effect between far coils and
plates in a high frequency syrem.
6. FURTHER PROCEDURE
In a simple apparatus, possibly only consisting of one
oscillation circuit, the problems mentioned in paragraph 4
abould be cleared up. The excitation of the oscillation circuit
being caused by an appropriate valve circuit. After clearing
these problems a second cecillaction circuit may be added,
which will allow the examinacion of the conditions necessary
for the mutual building up of the effects.
It will then be possible for the first time to go from extemal
excitation to self interruption and a solely electromagnetic
basis, with the sim of bringing the apparatus in question to
work systematically.
Berlin, September 27, 1943
1G
20
mm
bindin
suldered and bound
Not: Paper msulacon bebeen magnet and eul
Figure 1
U
A
(right
(rightl
B
, Hans Coler Device
Magnetstromapparat
Д
(rightl (right)
Figure 2
C
C
Page 36
nuter trighti
wwwww
wwwwww
miner dief
ENERGY UNLIMITED *16, POB 35637, Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM, 87176
