{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T05:24:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4136829, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125266-cejka-a-mysterious-ore.pdf", "source_sha256": "ed298419fe3cd0d642172c70f92ff3538380be2d82d2d3d8568364aefa1e3397"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3084, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INVENTICAL INTELLICCNCR (inDia)
A MYSTERIOUS
ORE
By
DR. S. DUTT
The author came to know of the existence of
show1 in Plates I, II. In Plate III, the stone
electric stone" in the hills round about Bhilwara in
is shown with portions of the bed-rock (buffcoloured
Rajasthan. The author was told that this stonc has granite), attached. Such ingress of granite matrix
the extraordinary property of conducting electricity
within the crystalline stone is a fairly common
and due to the presence of this stone in the
pheromenon, and is what can be expected in view of
Bhilwara area it was claimed that neither Bhilwara nor
the crystalline stone having grown out of a molten
the neighouring villages have ever been struck by light-
igrious rock like granite by the normal process of crys-
ening (thunder) even in the midst of rainy season.
tallisation. In an uncur and unpolished stone however,
The author, as a chemist, knew that most of the
these two different materials are difficult to distinguish,
naturally occurring stones are perfect insulators, for
as they have practically the same colour in the freshly
example marble, alabestor, slate, granite, silimanite
fractured surface.
etc. To taste the extraordinary property of this natural
Chemically, the stone is an argenti-zinciterrous-
occurring stone the author procured about 25 kilograms
galena, containing lead sulphide as the principle ingre-
of stone from the Bhilwara area and he examined the
dient. It is very resistant to chemical reagents, but can
physical, chemical and electrical properties of the stone.
be dissolved in fuming nitric acid (sp. gr. I.SL), leaving
behind a small insoluble residue. In molten potassium
Physical and Chemical Nature of the Stone.
hydroxide, however, it dissolves completely without
leavirg any residue.
Cold concentrated nitric acid
The stone is a grey-coloured crystalline substance
(sp. gr. I.42, at 10' C) dissolves the substance only
with a steel grey metallic lustre found in the ignious
partially without affecting the lead sulphide, but remov-
rocks (buff coloured granite) of the Aravalli range of
ing atleast the zinc and the silver completely. The
mountains. Its specific gravity is quite high and varies
between 6.8 and 7.2. Its melting point is about
11000° C, and the molten substance on cooling solidifies
to the original crystalline material, the size of its crystals
depending on the rate of cooling. The crystals belong
to the cubical system the rock is polycrystalline, and
the dimensions of the crystals of the original rock vary
between 0,12 to 0,24 mm. on sides. The bed-rock of
the stone is a buff-coloured granite, which is usually
the principle rock of the Aravalli range of mountains.
Normaily the colour of the stone is steel-grey. bur in
some specimens, particularly those containing larger
crystals, the colour is smokey-grey, slate-grey or almost
black.
The hardness of the stone is about 4.5 on
Mohr's scale, making it almost at par with such hard
substances as quartz, garnet, agate, chalcedony and
topaz. Photographic reproductions of the stone are
Plate 1
13

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 3074, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tollowing cable gives the complete analysis of three
representative samples of the stone.—
Table I
Chemical Analysis of the Stone.
Sample I Sample I Sample 1 1
...(%)
:.Caj-
Lead
Sulphur •i
C Zine tse in temp-
• Silver
-79. I
14-3
• 2.3
1.8
79.3
: 79:2
14.6
A:14-5
•2.3
:2.7
1.6
.1.6
Copper
0.0.18
0.16
Iron
0.23
0.25
0.25
Äluminium
on d.12
:d.26
0-31
Antimony =
::.0.25
11:0.37
0.2b
=
Place IT
Calcium
nit
nil
nii
Magnesium
nil
nil
nil
Acid insoluble
1.8
1.8
1.8
ice-cold distilled water and drying at 110 C, the residue
had the following composition:-
The stone on treatment with hot fuming aitre acid
(op. gr. 1.31) is almost completely dissolved, leaving a
small quantity of a cryscalline residue (1.8%). In the
Table III
oxy-acetylene flame the residue could te melted to a
white-hot globule in a small graphite crucible, and it
congealed on cooling to a small hard ball with a steel-
• stal ad at eti and Compositor Col it acid tiere ea
83.27°%
grey colour and a bright metalic lustre.
Sufficient
Sulphur
13.320%
quanüty of this insoluble substance was obtained for
-0*12%
Copper
analysis which is given below -
Antimony
*0.24%
Iron
0.28%
Table II.
Analysis of the Acid-insoluble Residue.
Aluminium
0.64%
nil
Zinc
Iron
23-49%
Aluminium
0.0%
0. 14%
Manganese
Calcium:
0 27.6
Magnesium
0.13%%
Titanium
0.08%
0.45%
Carbon
Phosphorus
0.02"%
Silicon
75.014
0.01°:
Sulphur
This acid-insoluble substance which appears to be
chemically inert to most reage.us, however, reacts quickly
with concentrated caustic soda and potash, and in the
molten alkalies dissolves completely without leaving
1: 1*
ahy residue: After melting and congealing, the residuc
ti: "had the same crystalline structure as the original stone,
but its semi-conducting electrical properties appeared
* to be somewhat less than those of the original stone.
Further examination of this material is in progress
The powdered stone on treatment with cold concen-
trated nitric acid (Sp. gr. 1.42, at 10°C) gets partially
dissolved, and after filtration and thorough washing with
Silver
nil
Calcium
Magnesium
nil
Acid insoluble
2.20%
This substance was melted in the oxy-acetylene
flame in a graphite crucible and the white-hor molten
mass on cooling, congealed to a grey-coloured cryscalline
mass with metallic lustre, exactly similar to the original
stone in appearance and general chemical and physical
properties.
Its electrical properties were found to be
practically identical with those of the original stone.
Thus silver and zine having been eliminated as possible
causative factors for the semi-conductive properties of
the stone, the only other major impurity that remains
to be considered in this connection is the insoluble
matter that remains behind after the stone is die suived
in hot, fuming nitric acid.
This insoluble matter has
already been mentioned before and its analysis given.
It appears to have very interesting semi-conducting
properties which are practically the same or only slightly
less than those of the original stone. Further investiga-
tion of this material is in progress.
1-1

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 4546, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
Electrical Properties of the Stone
The most remarkable property of the stone is its
elterrical conductivity, which appears to be similar to
that of metallic lead. When tested with an ohmmeter
and a 1.5 volt dry bauery, the conductivity appears to
be of the order: 1 = 25-45 ohms/cm. for large Jumps, at
the ordinary temperature (22 C). Another peculiarity
is that the conductivity incrcases with the rise of tem-
perature, and at too C, the value becomes: r 107-17
ohms/cm. This is just the reverse of the normal con-
ductivity of met Is, which falls off in value with the pro-
gressive rise in temperature. This indicates the semi-
conducting nature of the stone, which is confirmed by
the following experiments: A thin slice of the stone was
prepared (thickness 2 mm.) by first rough grinding a
small block of the stone on an electrically driven car-
borundum disc grinder, then on a flat carborundum
- slab by hand and finally on a jewellers lapping machine.
With a forward bias at 6 volts between two sharp pointed
silver electrodes placed at a distance of 1 cm. from
each other, the resistance was 340-500 olms. With a
reverse bias at the same voltage, the resiitance was
15-65 kilo ohms. With the points placed at a distance
of 2mm. from each other, the forward resistance was
85-16o ohms, and the reverse resistance 85-350 kilo
ohms. When reduced to a thickness of o.18 mm.
(thickness of an average crystal of the stone) by a special
• process the values became: forwird rain ac: 50-120
ohms/mm., revise reis: nc:-105-500 kilo ohms/mm.
Thus the semi-conducting nature of the stone was
established, and the quality of semi-conduction w s
such as could possibly lead to the preparation of diodes
and transistors. That the stone is a good rectifier for
the detection of broadcast radio waves has already been
But how far this rectifying (demodulating)
property reached amongst the various frequency bands
of modern radio transmissions, and so many other
electronic properties of the stone, could only be tested
by the preparation of diodes and transistors from the
stone, and carefully testing such devices on well-design.
ed receiver circuits. The present author, therefore,
turned his attention to the prepration of such devices.
From the mathematical point of view, the forward
conductivity provided by conduction clectrons will
be
determined by the number of electron and the case of
their movement in an applied electric field. The latter
is described by their "mobility', which is the drift volocity
of the carriers in cm./sec. in a field of i volt/cm. Thus
the equation becomes : Ar = p7 qn
where ar is the conductivity due to the electrons in
(ohms. cm.) mis cm'ivolt. sec., and g is
1.6o x 1o-l9 coulombs.
The reverse conductivity, that is conductivity due
Place Hi
to 'holes" is given by the equation: 5p = Mp qp
and the total conductivity by: 8 - 1p=g (unn+ roP)
where / is the resistivity. Often either n or p pre-
dominates, and one of the terms on the right hand side
of the cquation may te neglected. In some materials a
large difference between an and up produces this result
also.
The temperature dependence of the conductivity of
semiconductors is one of the most striking and charac-
teristic of their propertics. The principle changes in
the conductivity of a given sample, with temperature,
result from changes in the carrier concentration, although
the mobility also varies with the temperature. At
low temperature the conductivity is low, because most
of the carriers are frozen out on the donor centres.
As the temperature rises, the degree of ionisation of the
donors increases, and the rising carrier concentration
results
in a rapidly increasing conductivity. The
increasing thermal agitation of the crystal lactice leads
to a shorter distance for the carriers to cravel between
collisions within the lattice, and the carriers cravel
faster at higher temperatures, thus shortening the time
between collisions.
Another important electrical phenomenon to which
the stone from Rajasthan readily responds, is the Hall's
Effect, which is carried out as follows: an electric
current is passed through the material and a magnetic
field is applied at right angles to the direction of the
current flow. A transverse voltage develops, the sign
of which depend upon the material being rested. The
voltage is directly proportional to the thickness of the
matcrial in the direction of the magnetic field. The
proportionality constant is called the Hall's Coefficient
R, and this is determined by the equation:
V = 10-* RIH
15

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 4647, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
where I is in amperes, H in gauss, t in cm., V in volts
added in minute proportions. Could it be antimony
and R in cm'/coloumbs. Hall's coefficient for the stone
then which is largely influencing the semi-conducting
has been found to vary between the values of 0.039 ev.
properties of the stone? Unfortunately, this question
to 0.053 ev. The value for well known semi-conductors
can not be answered at the present stage of progress
like germanium-indium=0.058 ev., and of silicon-
of this investigation.
arsenic = 0.049 ev.
The semi-conducting properties of the stone in large
The stone being essentially sulphide of lead in a.. 'lumps are of the order: forward resistivity = 25-45 ohms/
crystalline form, it was reasonable to assume that it cm.
reverse resistiyity =5-75 kiloohms/cm. When
would mainly correspond to pure lead sulphide so far reduced to thickness of 2 mm. by fine and careful
as its semi-conducting properties are concerned. But
grinding, the values are: f.r.-340-500 ohms/emo. tr.
the semi-conducting properties of the stone were
15-65 kiloohms/em. When reduced to the thickness of
found to be over a million times greater than those of
an average crystal (o.18 mm.) by a special process, the
pure lead sulphide. Hence it was not the lead sulphide
values become; f.r. = 50-120 ohms/mm., Ir.-105-500
(main constituent) that really mattered in the semi-
kiloohms/mm. The conductance of the stone incrcases
conduction.
The impurities present in the stone must
with rise of temperacure and it also responds to Hail's
be the deciding factor in this connection. Amongst
Effect. From all these it was concluded that the stone
the impurities, two are present in comparatively large
is an extraordinary semi-conducting material
proportions, namely zinc and silver. Boch of them,
should be an excellent substance for the preparation of
however, can be practically completely removed from
good quality transistors and efficient radio receivers.
the powdered stone by truatment with cold (1o"C)
The stone not being a metal like germanium from
concentrated nitric acid. Tne residuc left after this
which most of the modern junction transistors are made,
trcatment contains the entire amount of the lead sulphide
it became obvious from cheoretical considerations that
originally present in the stone. This can be melted in
only 'point-contact" transistors could be raade from it.
an oxyacetylene flame and the molten material allowed to
Besides, the stone being polycrystalline, it was natural
crystallise by slow cooling. The crystalline stuff thus
to expect the formation of both P-N-P and N-P-N
obtained was found to have che same semi-conducting
transistors from it because the junctions between adjacent
properties as the original stone.
Thus the impurities
crystals would be oppositely charged and the tri-con-
like zinc and silver are not responsible for producing the
tact-points of the transistor would come in contact with
the extraordinary semi-conducting properties of the lead
the different junctions in all possible permurations and
sulphide in the stone. What could be the cause then?
combinations. In actual practice both these expections
The only other major impurity present in the stone
have been realised and all the possible varieties of tran-
is the nitric acid-insoluble matter (1.8%) about which
sistors obtained.
mention has already been mide before. That it has
These RS transistors prepared by the present author
practically the same semi-co ducting property as the
have been made into radio receivers to receive
original stone has is really very remarkable. It is
broadcasts in the medium, and short wave
being further investigated
bands (wavelengths 200-500 m, 50-18o m and 13-50m,
Amongst other impurities present in the stone in respectively). The best results have been found to be
minute quantities are: copper, aluminium, iron, and
obtained when the receivers are constructed on the
antimony. The first three are already known to have
Regenerative and Super-Regenerative principles. Re-
no influence on the semi-conductance of such well-
ceivers constructed on the Super-Heterodyne principle,
known materials as germanium and silicon. But
although working fairly satistactorily, give a certain
the case of antimony is different. The trivalent metals
amount of background noise (hum) due to non-match-
like arsenic and antimony, and to a smaller extent,
ing of the intermediate frequency transformers, which
bismuth, have profound
influence on the semi-
unfortunately are not commercially available for this
conduction ol both germanium and silicon, when entirely new type of RS transistors.
(To be Conrd.)
16
