{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:13:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 320143, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125368-cejka-patent-1780830.pdf", "source_sha256": "3bc3ebc690e92d7ab8a46f1640c80288a73d977cc5a8397e07e75dedf1011370"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 294, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
R. LESSING
TREATMENT OF CARBONACEOUS MATERIALS

Nov. 4, 1930.

1,780,830

Filed May 23, 1927

2 Sheets-Sheet 1

8 :
\ » a) E

OR
37

Nee og
om ANY Re TENS
~ a aah ae ITN a —_ .
» \—
Xs
aN Of
Wy" 8
r wu
} 2)

IO 9

Rudolf Less ing

BY

 Marair ¥ Chords

Ran,

/

i? ¥
CuUAUL

ATTORNEYS

Se a el

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 325, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
1,780,830

R. LESSING
TREATMENT OF CARBONACEOUS MATERIALS

Nov. 4, 1930.

2 sheets—Sheet 2

Filed May 23, 1927

‘8 >)

4

NAAAAAAAAANAAAAAA/

TT TUVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV VO

Sennen aa a LO A A SA A SF Aa A A a A A A ES sg c a re)

LA
‘
#.

Yr
f
é

Ate

a

INVENTOR
ATTORNEYS

v

| vdolf Lessing
BY
Veriuaz, Saves, Marva ¥ Clima

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 3898, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Patented Nov. 4, 1930
1,780,830
UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE
RUDOLF LESSING, OF LONDON, ENGLAND
TREATMENT OF CARBONACEOUS MATERIALS
Application fled May 23, 1927, Serlal Io. 193,610, and In Great Britain May 27, 1926.
tion having a low proportion of ash-forming
The tendency of the lighter portion (the
since ash forming ingredients of coal are in on upward direction and recordingly
float) to rise causes the solid particles to pack 5s
not uniformly distributed throughout the downward displacement of the bath liquor
coal but some portions of a body of coal have counteracts this tendency and thus prevents
more than the average amount of ash-form- clogging. Un the other hand, the tendency
heavier portion the sink) to fall 6o
Thus a coal which has an average ash causes the solid particles to pack in a down.
content of say 12% may contain a substan- ward direction and it has now been found
tial proportion of coal containing but 2% that this can satisfactorily be overcome by
or less of ash. The present process renders. washing the sink by upward displacement
15 commercially possible the separation from of the bath liquor. If it is desired to remove c5
coal in bulk of a low ash forming compo- the bath iquor trom the float by upward dis-
nent and a high ash forming component in
placement, it will be necessary to prevent the
an improved manner.
In this process advan- Hoat from being carried out of the drainer by
30 tomatic so bain the tient are figur to pla parts see the sit any to
ments in an aqueous solution whose specific be washed by downward displacement if de-
gravity lies between the specific gravities of
sired although this may give rise to tighte
the components.
packing of
the: material
and consequent
By the present invention, clean coal hav- slower drainage. Un the other hand, less di- 75
ing a lower proportion of ash forming in- lution of the stronger liquors by the wear is
gredients than any
commercially available liable to take place when the latter are super-
at present, so far as I am aware, may be pro- imposed on the former, i e., with downward
washing.
In order to render the separation economi-
Drainage may be assistea by pressure or 8‹
cally practicable it is necessary to recover the
suction and it might be advisable to vibrate
lissolved sait and, moreover, to recover it the drainer or its contents, e. g., by tapping
with the least possible dilution. An impor- or hammering the vessel or by plunger ac-
tant feature of the present invention, there- tion applied to the contents.
The beneficial
35 fore, consists in removing the lighter mate- effect of such vibration is due to the separa- 45
rial from the bath and washing it with a con- tion of the particles which allows liquids and
tinuous unbroken body of water or weak so- possibly fine dust to pass freely between them
The displacement of the adherent liquor shortening the time required.
shortening the time required. operative not
40 may be effected in an upward or downward bration should be avoided since this might 0o
direction but in either case the principle is cause diffusion of water or weak solution into
the same. The washing liquid is allowed to the strong solution.
ascend or descend as a continuous body in
Lt is preferable to remove the greater part
contact with the coal to be washed.
the of the dust trom coal or slack prior to the
45
more concentrated solution displaced there- flotation treatment, but this is not so essen- 05
by is removed at the same rațe and in this way tial when handling large coal or nuts. It is
the adherent solution is removed from all
preferred to remove the finely divided ma-
sides of the coal particles with the least pos- terial by passage through an air sifter or br
sible dilution.
there should be no broken other operations carried out on the air dr
5o films or boundaries between the washing coal, but in some cases I may treat the raw 100

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 905, "chars": 5550, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
1,780,880
coal, by elutriation in an upward current of the float and sink, by whatever method it
water whereby the tines
are removed.
may be carried out, will be facilitated.
Fines which may be present in the sint
In the accompanying drawings is shown a
when it is fed into the drainer and which
preferred form of apparatus for carrying out
o might hinder the draining or washing, can
the invention. Fig. I is a diagrammatic ele- 7o
be effectively removed by passing an upward
vation, partly in sectior, of an installation,
current of bath liquor through the sink prior
and Fig. 2 is a diagrammatic elevation, partly
to washing.
in section, showing a modified form of the
Calcium
chloride solution may be em- separating vessel.
10 ployed as the separating
• liquid
although
In the drawing, 1 is the separating vessel 75
other substances such as calcium nitrate can
which contains a solution of calcium chloride
also be used.
The solution should have a
of suitable specific gravity, which, for the
decidedly alkaline reaction.
separation of bituminous coal into compo-
Another important feature of the present
nents of high ash content and low ash content,
15
invention consists in supplying the coai ma-
may be, for example, of specific gravity 1.35. 80
terial to be separated below
the surface of
This solution is delivered from the supply
the liquid and preferably agitating the liquid tank 2 through a pipe 3 having control valve
at the point of introduction to facilitate dis- 4. The coal to be treated is contained in &
aggregation of discrete particles of different
hopper 5 which is situated above the vessel 1
20 specific gravities.
and is delivered through the chute 6 which 85
There is a considerable advantage in re-
terminates at a point about midway between
moving the greater part or as much as is prac-
the top and bottom of the vessel 1.
A driving
ticable of the dust which, for example, passes
shaft 7 extends from the chute, being driven
through & screen having 50 meshes to the
from a suitable source of power through a
9s linear inch.
gear 8 or other suitable drive.
A screw con- ao
It is particularly desirable that not more
veyor is arranged on this shaft to feed the
than 2% and preferably less than 1% of such
coal into the bath.
The shaft 7 extends to
dust is present.
the lower end of the chute and is provided
l'hese data as to fineness ana proportions
vith a paddle 10 to agitate the bath at th
o are indicative, but I may add that the ma-
›oint of introduction of the coal
terial passing a screen having 50 meshes to
The particles of coal which are of low ash
85
the linear inch consists mainly of fusain and
content, have a lower specific gravity than
finely divided clay and other materials.
the solution, and, therefore tend to float,
Some of these materials are highly porous
travelling upwards forming a layer 11 which
s5 and others usually colloidal and I have found
may be of pudding-like consistency, at the
100
that they considerably impede the flow of
top of the vessel.
The depth of this layer
liquids between the particles which probably
may be controlled by controlling the rate at
explains the considerable advantage obtained
which the coal is delivered in to the bath,
by removing particles of such fineness.
It is
and the rate at waich the clean coal, which
40
therefore a particularly important feature of
may be referred to as the float, is removed ios
the invention first to remove the dust in order from the top of the vessel. The bottom of
to facilitate the separation of all coal of low the vessel 1 slopes inwardly as shown at 12
ash content from the specifically heavier forming a hopper in which the coal of high
mineral matter or to divide the coal itself ash content sinks and collects as indicated
45 into bright coal of very low ash content and at 13.
110
a dull coal of higher ash content and to fa-
The top of the vessel 1 is surrounded by a
cilitate the draining and washing of the prod- launder 14 having a sloping bottom 15. As
ucts.
Products which may contain 4% or
• the top of the float rises beyond the top of the
less of ash and are therefore of unusual
vessel as indicated at the right, the coal falls
50 purity may thus be obtained.
into the launder or may be mechanically re- 115
treating bituminous coal, it is. passible to moved trom the top of the layer. As shown,
separate the coking from the non-coking or a revolving blade 16 is mounted over the
feebly coking portion.
vessel and is carried by & hub surrounding
I have found that with coals from which
the chute 6 and provided with a worm wheel
is the dust has not been entirely removed before 16°, meshing with the worm 16' driven from 120
separation according to my process, it may be a suitable source of power.
This blade is
of advantage to withdraw a portion of the adapted to remove that portion of the layer
bath liquor periodically or continuously and 11 projecting beyond the top of the vessel 1
to separate from it by filtration those fine whence the clean coal and adherent calcium
on particles which do not readily rise or sink chloride falls on the sloping bottom of the 126
in the bath solution.
The clear liquor ob- launder 15 and is delivered to a shaft or
tained may be returned to the bath, after tower 16. The shaft or tower is provided
having been concentrated to the requisite with a funnel shaped lower portion 17 closed
strength, if necessary.. By this modification by & slide valve I8. Above the slide valve
85 of my invention, draining and washing of a grid 19 is removably supported and the 130

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 918, "chars": 5492, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,780,880
clean coal delivered to the tower forms a The wash water is delivered to the bottom of
column resting on this grid. When the coal the tower through a pipe 35 having a control
is to be washed to recover the calcium chlo- valve 36.
The principle of operation is the
ride, water is delivered to the top of the same as in the downward displacement of the
8
tower through a pipe 20 having a control adherent solution from the float.
The cal- to
valve 21. An outlet pipe 22 is arranged it
cium chloride solution is removed from the
the bottom of the shaft or tower 16 and this
top of the tower through a pipe 37 at the
pipe is provided with a branch pipe 23 com-
same rate of speed that the water is fed so
that as little mixing as possible occurs a
10
the boundaries between the washing water y
During the
22 is provided with a control valve 26.
upward displacement the line of demarca-
the valve 21 is opened, the valve 25 is also tion between the water and the solution is not
opened and the valve 26 closed so that the as clear and a rather larger volume of weak
15
liquid from the bottom of the tower will solution will result. The pipe 37 is provided so
enter the receptacle 24. The water is care-
with a branch pipe 39 having a control valve
coal and adherent calcium chloride, and Is
Coal sad anterest calcium chloride and is with control let Paring press
with a control valve 41.
allowed to descend slowly as a continuous or
part of the washing process when strong so.
20
unbroken body in contact with the coal to be
lution is being removed from the top of the 8i
washed. The calcium chloride solution from
• tower, the valve 40 is closed and the valve 41
the bottom of the tower is removed to the opened so that the concentrated solution will
tank 24, at the same rate of speed that the
pass through the pipe 37 to the tank 24
water is delivered to the top of the tower, the
When the diluted
solution begins to pass
25
concentrated solution being thus displaced
through the pipe, 37, the valve 41 is closed
80
by the water.
There should be no broken
and the valve 40 is opened to collect the di-
films or boundaries between the washing
luted solution in the tank 28.
When water
water and the concentrated solution displaced
reaches the top of the tower both valves are
thereby and in this way the adherent solu-
closed and a valve 42 in the pipe 43 is opened
30
tion is removed from all sides of the coal par-
to remove the wash water.
95
ticles with the least possible dilution.
A rel-
Fig. 2 shows a modified construction in
atively sharp line of demarcation will exist
which the coal is delivered from hopper 5,
between the washing water and the concen-
through chute 6 situated on the side of the
trated solution; the water will tend to mix
vessel 1 by means of the screw conveyor 9.
85
with the heavier solution only to a very slight
Agitation of the bath at the point ot intro- 100
extent. When the washing reaches the point duction is effected by a jet of liquid supplied
where this weaker solution is flowing through
through a tube 56 controlled by a valve 57.
the pipe 22 the valve 25 may be closed and the The separating vessel in this case is of square
valve 26 opened to deliver the less concentrat- or rectangular section, and the float 11 is re-
$0
ed liquor to a tank 28.
When water begins
moved by scrapers 58 mounted on a belt or 105
to flow from the bottom of the tower, a valve band 59 which is actuated through the driv-
29 in pipe 30 is opened and the wash water ing wheels 60. The float can thus be auto-
run to waste. After the coal has been washed matically and continuously removed to the
it may be removed from the tower by open- chute 15 whence it is delivered to the drain-
* ing the slide valve and displacing fhe grid, in the tank 24 is connected to a pump 11 bank
110
The grid may be displaced by inserting a
tool or instrument through the bottom of the
pipe 45 having a control valve 46.
tower and removing it from its support.
28 communicates with the pipe 45 througl a
Instead of providing grids 19 and 34, at
branch pipe 47 having a control valve 43.
30
the bottom of the drainers, the pipes 22, 30,
The outlet side of the pump is connected to 115
35 and 37 may be protected by grids arranged
the supply tank 2 by a pipe 4i so that the
at the side of the cones 17. Further inlet or
strong or concentrated calcium chloride solu-
outlet pipes suitably protected by grids may
tion from the tank 24 may be returned direct.
se provided in the walls of the drainers 1€
a and 32 at intermediate points in the height
ly to the supply tank.
The pipe 49 is pro-
120
to assist in draining, washing or drawing
vided with a branch pipe 50 having a contro
valve 51 by means of which the weaker solu
off samples for testing.
The coal of high ash content, which may be
tion from the tank 28 may be delivered to a
referred to as the sink, collects at the bottom
concentrator before it is returned to the sup-
6o of the vessel 1 and is removed by a bucket ele-
ply tank. The strong solution may also be 125
vator 31 to a tower 32, similar to the tower 16.
conveyed to the concentrator through pipe 50
The lower end of this tower is also provided
if it requires concentration.
. The supply
with a slide valve 33 and a grid 34 to support
the sink. In this tower the calcium chloride
tank is provided with a feed pipe 52 having
a control valve 53. The main receptacle
as solution is removed by upward displacement. may be provided with an outlet pipe 54 hav - 130

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 836, "chars": 5196, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,780,880
ing a contral valve ss through which a por- quettes.
If it is required to dry the float, thie
cion of the liquid from the bath may be re- may be continuously washed and continuous.
moved for filtering.
dried
without interruption.
The ma-
The method of separating the coal of low
terlal, after drying by beat may then be
going description.
without intermediate cooling.
removed to the tower 16 where the adherent
In a further modification of the invention,
calcium chloride solution is removed from the washing may be incomplete or after wash-
the coal in the manner heretofore described. ing predetermined quantities of the coal cal-
10
The solution is also recovered from the sink
cium chloride or other catalyst, such as ferric
in the tower 32 and in practicing the process
chloride or ferrous sulphate, may be added by
the loss of calcium chloride has been found
displacement of a portion of the adhering
to be less than 1% of the weight of the coal
liquor with the body of a solution, colloidal
treated.
solution or suspension of the catalyst of such
is commercially practical in the separation of concentration that the film left on the sur- so
The alkalinity of face of the particles after draining contains
the calcium chloride solution may be main- the catalyst in a predetermined proportion
tained by adding the requisite quantity of to the clean coal.
ime to the solution in the concentrator or in
The float may be used for the process of hy-
șo the storage tank.
drogenation at high pressure, whether cata- 85
The process may be performed either in- lysts are added or not.
termittently or continuously.
ticed continuously a mober of the shapes or
The raw material used for the flotation
process is preterably one in which the distri-
rowers 16 are provided and are successively
bution of the ash is such that one fraction can
25 connected to the bath for charging
be separated containing the majority of the a
one tower has beer charged it is washed and
ash-forming bodies while another large frac-
trained during which periods other towers
tion can be separated, which upon incinera-
will be charged. The liquid may be tiltereo
tion yields very little ash. In other words, I
at intervals to separate any fines which re-
preter to treat the raw material in which a
30 main suspended by removing a portion of the
large traction thereof contains a very low gr
liquid through the pipe 54 and conveying it
percentage of ash-forming
Drainage may be assisted in the
method, however, is applicable to any carbo-
towers 16 and 32 by pressure or suction and
•naceous material which is not homogeneous as
the tops of the towers may be closed after
regards its specitic gravity but contains frag-
35 charging by suitable covers.
The specific ments which are of relatively high average 100
gravity of the solution of calcium chloride
specific gravity and fragments which are rel-
will vary according to the coal treated and
atively low average of specific gravity.
the degree of purity desirea. I have found Thus, as already stated, certain bituminous
in the case of Welsh anthracite a bath having coals may be separated into a good coking
a specitic gravity of 1.4 will yield a product
portion and a feeble coking portion.
having no more than 2% of ash.
I claim:
In washing the coal weak liquors of de-
1. In the process of separating coal into
scending strength may first be employed to its heavier and lighter components by deliv-
displace the strong liquor.
mav then finally be removed by water.
Thy watek. uhe fion hit into a spen of calaity interne solte
trong liquor, weak liquor and water may be between the specific gravities of the compo-
Irawn off separately from suitable outlets on nents to be separated so that the fragments of
the drainer.
said heavier component sink and the frag-
The invention has been described with ret- ments of said lighter component float, remov-
50 erence to the employment of a solution of cal-
ing the floated material and removing bath 115
cium chloride.
Other substances may be em- liquor therefrom by displacement with a con-
ployed, and I have found that for some pur- tinuous unbroken body of washing liquor
poses calcium nitrate,
file ca suitable site, solutions of higher int chloride remind small quantity of cal-
55 specific gravity may be employed.
2. In the process of separating coal into its 120
is possible to treat the sink from the fore-
heavier and lighter components by delivering
going process for a further separation of it into a bath of calcium chloride solution
components of different specific gravities
having a specific gravity intermediate be-
with a solution of higher specific gravity.
tween the specific gravities of the components
• The float may be likewise further treated
to be separated so that the fragments of said
with the aid of a solution of lower specific
heavier component sink and the fragments
of said lighter component float, removing the
The clean coal or float from the above de-
floated material and removing bath liquor
scribed process is especially suitable for therefrom by downward displacement with
Ç the manufacture of high quality fuel bri- a continuous unbroken body of water until a 130

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 877, "chars": 5643, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,780,880
predetermined small quantity of calcium lighter component float, removing at least one
chloride remains.
of said components, freeing it from bath
3. In the process of separating coal into its
liquor by displacement with a continuous un
heavier and lighter components by delivering
broken body of washing liquid, returning at
it into a bath of calcium chloride solution
" having & specific gravity intermediate be-
Least a portion of the displaced liquid to the to
bath substantially undiluted, concentratin
tween the specific gravities of the components
he remainder of said bath liquor recovere
to be separated so that the fragments of said
and returning it to said bath.
heavier component sink and the fragments of
8. In the process of separating coal into its
io
said lighter component float, removing from
heavier and lighter components by delivering yo
the coa to be treated the greater part of the
it into a bath of aqueous solution having a
dust contained therein before delivery to the
specific gravity intermediate between the spe-
bath, removing the floated material from the
cific gravities of the components to be sep-
bath and removing bath liquor therefrom by
arated so that the fragments of said heavier
15
downward displacement with a continuous
component sink and the fragments of said 80
unbroken body of water until a predeter- lighter component float, removing from the
mined small quantity of calcium chloride re- coal to be treated the greater part of the dus
mains es
contained therein before delivery to the bath,
4. In the process of separating coal into its
removing at least one of said components
20
heavier and lighter components by delivering
freeing it from bath liquor by displacement 8s
it into an aqueous bath having a specific grav-
with a continuous unbroken body of wash-
ity intermediate between the specific gravities
ing liquid, returning at least a portion of
of the components to be separated so that the
the displaced liquid to the bath substantial-
fragments of said heavier component sink ly undiluted, concentrating the remainder of
25 and
the fragments of said lighter compo-
said bath liquor recovered and returning it to so
nent float, removing the floated material, re- said bath.
moving bath liquor therefrom by displace-
9. The process of separating coal into its
ment with a continuous unbroken body of heavier and lighter components which con-
washing liquor and displacing the last por- sists in delivering it into a bath of aqueous
.-
30 tion of the bath liquor with a solution of a solution having an alkaline reaction and hav- as
substance which acts as a catalyst during
ing a specific gravity intermediate between
subsequent combustion.
the specific gravities of the components to
5. In the process of separating coal into its be separated so that the fragments of said
heavier and lighter components by deliver- heavier component sink and the fragments of
35 ing it into an aqueous bath having a specific
said lighter component float, and then remov- 100
gravity intermediate between
the specific
ing at least one of said components, freeing
gravities of the components to be separated it from the bath liquor by displacement with
so that the fragments of said heavier compo- a continuous unbroken body of washing liq-
nent sink and the fragments of said lighter uid, returning at least a portion of the dis-
40 component float, removing from the coal to be
placed liquid to the bath substantially un- ios
treated the greater part of the dust contained dilutea, concentrating the remainder of said
therein before delivery to the bath, removing bath liquor recovered and returning it to said
the floated material, removing bath liquor bath.
therefrom by displacement with a continuous
10. In the process of separating coal into
45 unbroken body of washing Iquor and dis- its heavier and lighter components by deliv- 110
placin the lon portion of the bath liquor
ering it into a bath of calcium chloride solu-
tion having a specific gravity intermediate
a catalyst during subsequent carbonization. between the specific gravities of the compo-
6. In the process of separating coal into its
nents to be separated so that the fragments of
in heavier and lighter constituents by deliver-
said heavier component sink and the frag. 115
ing it into a bath of calcium chloride solution
ments of said lighter component float, remov-
having.
a specific gravity intermediate be-.
ing at least one of said components, freeing
tween the specific gravities of the components
it from bath liquor by displacement with a
to be separated so that the fragments of said
continuous unbroken body of washing liquid
5; heavier component sink and the fragments of
returning at least a portion of the displaced
said lighter component float, the step which
liquid to the bath substantially
120
undiluted,
consists in employing an alkaline solution of
concentrating the remainder of said bath liq-
calcium chloride.
uor recovered and returning it to said bath.
7. In the process of separating coal into
11. In the process of separating coal into
oo its heavier and lighter components by deliv- its heavier and lighter components by deliv- 125
ering it into a bath of aqueous solution hav- ering it into a bath of calcium chloride solu-
ing a specific gravity intermediate between tion having a specific gravity intermediate
the specific gravities of the components to be
between the specific gravities of the compo-
separated so that the fragments of said heav- nents to be separated so that the fragments of
6s ler component sink and the fragments of said said heavier component sink and the frag- i

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 708, "chars": 4536, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•1,780,880
ments of said lighter component float, remov- liquor so concentrated to said seperating
ing trom the coal to be treated the greater bath.
part of the dust contained therein before de-:
Io. The process of separating coal into its
ivery to the bath, removing at least one of heavier and lighter components which con-
& the components, treeing it trom bath liquor
sists in delivering it into a bath of aqueous ro
by displacement with a continuous unbroken solution having & specific gravity interme
body of washing iquid, returning at least a
diate between the specific
gravities of the
portion of the displaced liquid to the bath
components to be separated so that the frag
substantially undiluted, concentrating the re- ments of said heavier component sink and
10 mainder of said bath liquor recovered and
returning it to said bath.
12. 'The process of separating coal into its the bath, then removing at least one of saic
heavier and lighter components which con components, freeing it from the bath liquor
sists in delivering it into a bath of alkaline by displacement with a continuous unbroken
15 calcium chloride solution having & specito body of washing hquid, returning at least a so
gravity intermediate between the specific portion of the displaced liquid to the batl
gravities of the components to be separated
substantially undiluted,
concentrating the
so that the fragments of said heavier com-
remainder of said bath liquor recovered and
ponent sink and the fragments of said lighter
returning it to said bath.
20 component float, removing at least one of said
16. In the process of separating coal into 85
components, and freeing it
from the bath
Its heavier and lighter components by de-
liquor by displacement with a continuous un-
livering it into & bath of calcium chloride
broken body of washing liquid, returning at
solution having a specific gravity intermedi-
least a portion of the displaced liquid to the ate between the specific gravities of the com-
25 bath substantially undiluted, concentrating
ponents to be separated so that the fragments so
the remainder of said bath liquor recovered
of said heavier component sink and the frag-
and returning it to said bath.
ments of said lighter component float, re-
13. The process of separating coal into its
moving from the coal to be treated the great-
heavier and lighter components which con- er part of the dust contained therein before
80 sists in delivering it into a bath of alkaline
delivery to the bath, continuously removing, 05
calcium chloride solution having a specific
hitering and returning to the bath a portion
gravity: intermediate between
the specific of the liquor in order to avoid accumulation
gravities of the components to be separated
of tine material in the bath, removing at least
so that the fragments of said heavier compo-
one of said components, freeing it from the
35 nent sink and the fragments of said lighter
bath liquor by displacement with a continu- 100
component float, removing from the coal to
ous unbroken body of washing liquid, re-
be treated the greater part of the dust con-
turning at least a portion of the displaced
tained therein before delivery to the bath and
liquid to the bath substantially undiluted,
removing at least one of said components,
concentrating the remainder of said bath
40 freeing it from the bath liquor by displace-
liquor recovered and returning it to said bath. 105
ment with a continuous unbroken body of
In testimony whereof I affix my signature.
vashing liquid, returning at least & portio
RUDOLF LESSING.
f the displaced liquid to the bath substan
tially undiluted, concentrating the remain-
is der of said bath liquor recovered and return-
110
ing it to said bath.
14. The process of separating coal into its
heavier and lighter components which con-
sists in delivering it into a separating bath
50 of calcium chloride solution having a spe-
115
cific gravity intermediate between the spe-
cific gravities of the components to be sepa-
rated so that the fragments of said heavier
component sink and the fragments of said
55 lighter component float, removing at least
120
one of said components and freeing it from
the bath liquor by displacement with a con-
tinuous unbroken body of washing liquid, re-
o turning at least a portion of the displaced
193
liquid to the bath substantially undiluted,
concentrating the remainder of said bath
liquor recovered with the addition of a ma-
terial giving an alkaline reaction to main-
85 tain the required alkalinity and returning
130
