{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T12:40:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 475484, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125316-cejka-patent-1941593.pdf", "source_sha256": "ea2f3eb05fe7fcc420ce079c201a67b161c8b6d89c77d9e54c97e85b8b5a2988"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 224, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Jan. 2, 1934.
Fig.5.
58
Fig. I.
Fiig.I.
52
T. BELLOCQ
PUMPING
Filed Sept. 30, 1929
1,941,593
3 Sheets-Sheet
1
tig.5
Fig.6.
oci
60
Fig. 8.
62
65
66
68
58
56-
57
Fig.R.
55
Invertor:
Ioribio Bellocq,
is Kal Frunning
his Attry.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Jan. 2, 1934.
electe
Big. 9.
T. BELLOCQ
PUMPING
Filed Sept. 30, 1929
69
Fiд.10.
69 т ливо
Fig.10a.
1,941,593
3 Sheets-Sheét
Fig.12.
2
19 Fig. Эа.
70
ко-
Eig 1a.
·72
Fig. 12.
69€
Fig tRa.
Fig. 15.
Big. 14.
71.
70 Fig. 14a.
1 хід.15е.
172
69"4 Fig.I5.
69
weee
лиши
Fig.17
70
Fig.Ita.
70
Inventor:
Toritio Bellocg,
by Haul Frinig
his Attry.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 181, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
Jan. 2, 1934.
T. BELLOCO
PUMPING
Filed Sept. 30, 1929
Fig. 18.
сть
1,941,593
3 Sheets-Sheet 3
53
58
60
69
Fig.19.
58
-70
Eig.20
Travertor:
Ioridio Berlacg,
y Kail tunin
his Anttig.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 815, "chars": 5211, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Patented Jan. 2, 1934
1,941,593
UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE
1,941,593
PUMPING
Toribio Bellocd, Buenos Aires, Argentina
Application September 30, 1929
Serial No. 396,297
21 Claims. (CI. 103—1)
The invention relates to pumping liquid espe- ment in or inserted in the system for reducing
cially by that method by which the energy for
the passageway at one or
more points and/or
moving the liquid is transmitted through the decreasing the elasticity of the liquid.
liquid itself by means of compression waves or
Capacity, as employed herein, refers to an ele-
a variations
of compression and volure moving
ment in or inserted in the system for increasing 60
through the liquid whereby liquids may be ex-
the passageway at one or more points and/or
tracted from substentially any depth without
increasing the elasticity of the liquid.
complicated mechanism in the well.
Leakage, as employed herein, refers to liquid
Pumps of this kind are described in Patent
leaving the system whether at the main outlet
10 1,730,336 and 1,730,337 issued October 1, 1929,
for the pumped liquid or at other points in the 85
the applications for which were ending in the
system some of
which may be accidental, un-
Patent Office when the present application was
avoidable and incalculable.
The entrance of liq-
fled.
uid into the system may be considered as nega-
The present invention involves the discovery
tive leakage.
15
that an improved pumping effect may be ac-
Resistance, as employed herein, is ine retard- 70
complished by modifying the relative size and
ing efect of the system on the wave movement.
arrangement of the various elements of the
Friction, as employed herein, is the resistance
pumping system and by adding to or inserting
caused by contact of the liquid with the pipe
tharein certain auxiliary devices.
These are re-
or within the liquid.
20
ferred to herein as filters and may be made up
Filter, as employed herein, refers to assemblage 15
of inertias, capacities, resistances, leakages or of inertias, capacities, resistances and leasages,
any of them and inay be arranged in series, in
or one or more of them, and this is referred to
shunt or in derivation to the main liquid con- by the term "wave filter" used in the claims
veying pipe of the pumping system.
A filter may be said to be arranged in series
25
Compression waves moving in liquid are to a
when it is in such a portion of the system that 80
very considerable extent controlled by or operate
a wave goes directly through the flter and passes
in accordance with substantially the same laws
on to another portion of the system. A filter may
as those governing alternating current electricity.
be said to be in shunt when the wave takes a
The curves of pressure and flow of such waves
divided path going through & plurality of ele-
30 are analogous to the voltage and amperage curves
ments of the filter. A filter may be said to be 85
of electric current in that the difierence in phase
in derivation when the wave enters it from the
may determine the value of the wave.
Inertia,
main path of the wave and returns again to
capacity, resistance, or friction
and leakage in
that path.
a liquid system correspond more or less to in-
In the accompanying drawings Figure 1 is a
35 duction, capacity, resistance, and losses respec-
diagrammatic illustration of one form the pump- 20
tively in electricity.
ing apparatus may take.
Fig. 2 is a diagram-
Variations in capacity or in leakage or in
matic illustration of another form the apparatus
resistance or in inertia in the system effect
may take.
Figs. 3 and 4 are longitudinal sec-
changes therein including varying phase differ-
tions of pipes provided with inertias. Figs. 5,
10
ences between pressure and flow of the impulses
6, 7 and 8 are longitudinal sections of pipes 95
in the liquid.
In an ordinary line which has
provided with capacities.
Figs. 9, 10 and 11 are
its capacity, inertia, resistance and leakage more
diagrammatic illustrations of low pass electric
or less uniformiy
distributed throughout the
filters.
Figs. Ia, 10a and lla are diagrammatic
length of the apparatus the eliciency oi the line
illustrations of low pass acoustic filters applied
45 and the quantity of liquid which is to be pumped
to liquid systems. Figs. 12, 13 and 14 are dịa- 107
with such efficiency may be determined.
Often,
grammatic illustrations of high pass electric
however, it may be desired to change the condi-
filters.
Figs. 12a, 13a and 14a are diagrammatic
tions of such a line to adapt it to a given speed,
illustrations of high pass acoustic filters applied
given efficiency or a given volume of pumped
to liquid systems: Figs. 15, 16 and 17 are dia
50 liquid. There may be produced an artificial line
grammatic Wustrations of band pass electrie 105
whose capacity, inertia, resistance and leakage
filters.
Figs. 15a, 16a and Ila are diagrammatic
will be the combination of the natural capacity,
illustrations of band pass acoustic filters applied
inertia, resistance and leakage with added ca-
to liquid systems.
pacity, inertia, resistance and leakage.
Fig. 18 is a diagrammatic illustration of a
Inertia, as employed herein, refers to an ele- pumping apparatus such as shown in Fig. I to 110

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1101, "chars": 6539, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,941,098
which is applied the devices illustrated in Figs.
pressor piston and the pipe line and likewise the
6, 7 and 8.
Fig. 19 is a diagrammatic
cylinder itself each have somewhat the same ef-
fect as a capacity.
This chamber may be omitted
shown in Fig. 2 to which is applied the appa-
and the cylinder alone be referred to as the com-
5 ratus illustrated in Fig. 110.
ing apparatus
is illustrated in Fig. 1
to which is applied the device
There are several elements of the apparatus
which may be adjusted to change or vary the
efficiency of operation including: (1) the size of
The pumping system in general is illustrated
as including
a pipe 50 provided with a check
valve 51 at its lower end intended to be in-
serted in the well or other source of supply of
liquid to be pumped.
At the other end of the
pipe is shown a compression chamber or cylinder
52 in which moves a piston 53 controlled by a
cam 54 on a suitably operated shaft 55.
is an outlet cock or valve 56
type through which the liquid is pumped here
shown in an outlet pipe 57. In Fig. 1 the outlet
is shown leading directly from the compression
chamber or cylinder
52 while in Fig. 2 it is
shown as directly connected to the pipe 50 so
that the outgoing liquid will not pass through
the compression chamber or cylinder.
or vaive 56 may be open at all times during
operation or it may be opened and closed at
appropriate times during the operation either
manually or automatically.
In Fig. 3 a pipe 58 is shown provided with a
narrow annular obstruction 59 wnich acts as an
inertia for the current of waves passing through
In Fig. 4 there is shown at
58 a similar inertia 60 which takes the form of
an elongated sleeve and so has a different value
Irona the inertia shown in Fig. 3.
shown a pipe 58 provided
ances 61 which act as a capacity
the pipe. In Fig. 6 is shown a pipe 58 which is
connected to a closed rigid chamber 62 which
when filled with liquid acts as a capacity in deri-
In fig. 7 is shown & pipe 58 connected
chamber 63 closed at its outer end by a
diaphragna 64.
When the chamber 63 is filled
as a capacity in derivation.
In Fig. & is shown a pipe 58 from which leads o
pipe 65 in which is a snugly ftting piston
movable against springs 67 and 68.
the springs takes the place of liquid
and acts as a capacity in derivation
5a to the pipe 58.
are illustrative only and
other forms of inertia and capacity may be em-
the compression chamber may be varied; (2) the
relative size of the connection between the com-
85
pression chamber and the pipe may be varied;
(3) the cross-section of the pipe through which
the liquid is pumped may be varied;
speed or timing of the piston may be varied: (5)
the size or cross-section of the piston or its length
90
of stroke may be varied (6) the size or opening
of the check valve through which liquid enters
the system may be varied; or (7) the size and
suddenness of the opening of the outlet may be
varied. In order to procure proper and appro-.
priate adjustments or regulation of the system
95
any or all of the various elements may be ap-
propriately and correspondingly
quantitative effect of variations in the different
elements of the apparatus is not the same.
A difference in operation is produced when the
outlet is in the compression chamber from that
produced when the outlet is on the pipe. In the
first arrangement increasing the size or opening
of the check valve or in the second arrangement
decreasing the size or the opening of the check
valve effects a variation in the same direction as
(I) increasing the size of the compression cham-
ber (2) decreasing the relative size of the con-
nection between the chamber and the pipe (3) is
decreasing the cross-section of the pipe through
which the liquid is pumped (4) increasing the
speed or decreasing the timing of the piston (5)
increasing the size or cross-section of the piston
or its length of stroke (6) increasing the size of
This indicates the direc-
tion of change to be made to compensate for any
change in the apparatus.
If the outlet on the
pipe is removed farther from the connection be-
tween the pipe and the compression chamber or _23
inertia associated with the outlet is moved
farther from the connection between the pipe and
compression chamber the effect is of the same
character as would be an enlargement of the
compression chamber. It is generally desirable, 195
however, to put the outlet, the inertia and
connection between the pipe and the compression
The pipe through which liquid is to be pumped
chamber as close together as possible because
may be horizontal, vertical or inclined or bent.
when they are separated one from another there
If there is a bend in the pipe the relation between
is no longer merely the effect of a chamber as-
the parts on each side of the bend tends to pro-
sembled at one place but the effect of a chamber
duce an harmonic of the principal wave and in
like a piece of pipe with different inductions in
order to work most efficiently this narmonic
each extremity.
With such an arrangement it
should preferably have a node in the elbow at
is more difficult to calculate the exact value of
The elbow thus acts as an inertia.
such a chamber.
Sometimes, however, it is found -35
The entrance or the exit of the liquia pumped
desirable to use such an extended chamber de-
may also tend to produce an harmonic four times
spite the difficulty in calculating its character-
as long as the length of the liquid which passes
through the pipe at each stroke of the compress-
It may happen that when the pipe is very long
65 ing device.
It is desirable to have this harmonic
the wave will be deformed as it proceeds through it
the same as the harmonic produced by the pro-
the liquid. It may then be desirable to put ad-
portion between the portions of a bent line, or
ditional or new capacities, inertias, resistance or
at least an harmonic thereof.
leakage in one or several parts of the apparatus
liquia through the inlet or the outlet has some-.
to prevent this deformation of the current.
70 what the effect of an inertia.
Somewhat similarly in telegraphic and telephonic *E
between the pipe carrying the liquid and the cyl-
lines traveling great distances means are pro-
inder of the compressor at their point of con- vided to prevent deformation of the circuit wave
nection has somewhat the same effect as an
such as are provided by the system of Puppini
inertia. The small chamber generally employed
75 at the outlet cock or valve between the com- It may be desirable to choose a vibration or -50

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1137, "chars": 6966, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,941,593
wave of
such a character that the liquid will
complish similar results as are accomplished by
vibrate with the natural vibration produced by
combinations of similar elements in electric cir-
gravity.
For example a compressor may be so
order to facilitate determining
the
operated as to cause an artificial acceleration
effect of a filter it is desirable that the two ex-
5 during its stroke corresponding
to the natural
tremities of the flter be of the same value. It 80
acceleration produced by gravity on the liquid
is possible, however, to employ filters having ex-
freely falling in the system.
When this natural
In such an ar-
vibration is not convenient for the quantity of
the two extremi-
liquid it is desired to pump the constants of the
ties may produce an effect of itself.
The ideal
10
line may be appropriately changed to produce the
Alter is one which without substantial loss of
85
desired effect.
energy will let pass the frequency which it is
When the pipe is large enough or the quantity
desired to employ in the apparatus and at the
of the liquid pumped is small in relation to the
same time stop other frequencies.
Generally
size of the pipe, the resistance will be small and
flters of this character cannot be completely
15
for practical purposes may be neglected. It is
realized in practice, but it is desirable to employ
90
desirable that the leakage in the system, be re-
flters approaching this ideal as nearly as possi-
duced to a minimum so that the only value of
A general filter may be employed or sev-
leakage to be considered may be that produced
by the liquid pumped through the outlet.
En-
eral filters may be employed in a single system
being associated or combined with similar or
20
trance of liquid into the system may be con-
different filters.
95
sidered as negative leakage.
Generally electric circuits employ two wires
The compression waves in the liquid of the or lines and the induction, capacity, resistance
pumping system are somewhat analogous to sound
and leakage may be installed in one or both or
waves.
Therefore, elements which modify the
between them in series, derivation, or in shunt.
25
waves in the liquid of the pump may for con-
In liquid systems, especially pumping systems, 100
venience be referred to as acoustic elements and
usually there is but a single line or pipe but the
it is to be understood that when the term acoustic
inertia, capacity, resistance and leakage may be
or hydraulic is employed herein it relates to an
placed in series or in shunt on the line or in de-
element modifying the compression waves in the
rivation on the line in which case the effect is
30
liquid more or less in accordance with the laws
as if the element in derivation communicated at 105
of sound waves in the liquid.
This may be a con-
one side with the line and at the other side with
venient form of expression and it may aid in un-
a ground analogous to the grounding of an elec-
derstanding the present invention to bear in mind
trical device.
the analogy between the compression waves in
The effect of filters put in derivation may be
35
the liquid in the pumping system and sound
varied, for example by putting a capacity in de- 110
waves.
rivation made not of a closed chamber filled
Acoustic inertia or self induction may be an
with the same liquid but of a closed chamber
apparatus
having only inertia which may be
filled with another liquid of different density or
formed for instance by a reduction of a section
elasticity, separated by a membrane from the
40
of the pipe. Likewise acoustic capacity may be
other liquid or by a chamber filled by the same 116
a chamber communicating with the pipe and
liquid but closed by a membrane which sepa-
filled with the liquid. Acoustic inertias, capaci-
rates the liquid from the air.
The capacity thus
ties, resistances and leakages may be combined
is to be considered as not between the line and
to form acoustic filters analogous to electric fil-
the ground but between
the line and another
45
ters and their effect on the compression waves
artificial ground.
The natural vibration of the 120
In
the pumping
system may be
analogous to
liquid will be different in the different cases.
their effect on sound waves.
As in electricity
This chamber filled with the different liquid or
such acoustic filters in the pumping system may
provided with a membrane may be replaced by
be referred to as low pass filters, high pass fil- a cylinder having a floating piston maintained
50
ters and band pass filters. The low pass filters by springs which make the piston work like a 125
may let pass or produce vibrations oi a ire-
membrane.
The introduction of any of these
quency lower than a certain speed or may so
different apparatus having vibration character-
convert other vibrations received.
The high
istics different from the natural vibrations of the
pass filters may let pass or may produce vibra-
line has the effect of changing the constants of
55
tions of a frequency higher than a certain speed
the line and may be employed in a manner simi- 130
or may so convert other vibrations received. The
lar to the more usual type of filters.
Any other
band pass filters may let pass or may produce
vibrations of a frequency between two certain
suitable form of capacity, inertia, resistance or
leakage may be employed.
speeds, or may so convert other vibrations re-
For installations operated under substantially
60
ceived.
All of these filters may stop or not let
constant conditions a filter of exact characteris- 155
pass other vibrations.
Acoustic filters may be
tics may be employed, but for other installations
arranged in accordance with the same laws as
less exact filters may be employed.
electric filters. It may be easier to make filters
In Figs. 9, 10 and 11 are shown examples of
occupying a very short space in relation to the
characteristic electrical low pass filters.
In Figs.
65
wave length, It is possible, however, to employ
9a, 10a and 1la are shown similar characteristic i4ü
other longer filters but the exact determination
low pass acoustic filters applied to liquid sys-
of their effect may be more difficult.
tems.
The arrangement in Fig. 9a corresponds
The analogies
between electric
filters and
to that in Fig. 9; the arrangement in Fig. 10a
acoustic Alters exist not only in words but they
corresponds to that in Fig. 10, while that in Fig.
70
are irue physical analogies. The phenomena of
1la corresponds with that in Fig. 1l.
In each
145
the propagation of an electric current and of instance the electrical inertias 69 are replaced
sound waves and of compression waves in liquid
by acoustic inertias 70 while the electric capaci-
are controlled by the same laws. In dealing ties 71 are replaced by acoustic capacities 72.
with these waves the combination of acoustic Figs. 12, 13 and 14 illustrate types of electric high
inertia, capacities, resistance and leakages ac- pass filters and Figs. 12a, 13a and 14a illustrate
150

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1184, "chars": 7222, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
1,941,593
types of acoustic high pass filters corresponding
respectively
trated in Fig. 13a is illustrated in connection with
to the electric filters illustrated in
such a pump as shown in Fig. I.
As indicated,
Figs. 12, 13 and 14.
Figs. 15, 16, and 17 illustrate
when the arrangement is applied to & pumping
diagrammatically electric band pass filters and
system there may be present only one pipe line
5 Figs. 15a,
6a
and 17a illustrate characteristic the other pipe being omitted and replaced by an
80
acoustic
band pass filters applied to liquid sys-
artificial ground similarly to the arrangement
tems corresponding respectively to the filters il- by which a two wire electric system may be em-
lustrated in Figs. 15, 16 and 17.
In all of these ployed with only one wire and a ground. In the
figures the electrical inertias 69 correspond to pumping system the effect of a ground may be
10
the acoustic inertias 70 and the electric capaci- procured by closing the connection to the omitted
85.
ties 71 correspond to the acoustic capacities 72. pipe.
Likewise the filters illustrated in Figs. 9a,
Ine filter arrangements here illustrated are se- 10a, 12a, 14a, 15a, 16a and I'a or any grouping
lected as
types only.
These and other appro- or combinations of them or other illters may be
priate electric filters may be followed with like assembled
into a single
apparatus.
The ar-
15
effect and the corresponding acoustic filters in-
rangement illustrated in Fig. 19 is in part a 90
serted at appropriate points in liquid systems
shunt arrangement and, incorporating a low-
with corresponding results and the term filter is
pass filter, will modify the waves in the pumping
used to include all such devices as rectify, trans-
system and allow only those waves having ire-
form, alter, or modulate the currents of the com-
quencies lower than a certain desired speed or
20
pression waves set up in the liquid in the pumping
it may convert to such speed other vibrations in 95
system.
the system. Similarly the filter associated with
In Fig. 18 is shown a simple pumping system
the pumping system in Fig. 20 being a highpass
such as shown in Fig. 1 but modified by being
filter will modify the waves in the pumping sys-
associated with the filters or wave modifying de- tem and allow only those waves having frequen-
25
vices illustrated in Figs. 3 to 8 inclusive.
The cies higher than a certain desired speed or it may 100
capacities 61, 62, 64 and that having the piston
convert to such speed other vibrations in the
66 are associated with inertias 59 and 60. As il-
system.
lustrated the inertia 59 and the capacity 61 are
The devices shown are only preferred embodi-
shown relatively near to the pump cylinder 52
ments of the invention, but any other suitable
30
and the other wave modifying devices are dis-
devices may be used for the same purposes.
105
tributed throughout the line 66 being very near
The weight of the check valve or the strength
to the inlet valve 51.
59, 60 and 61 are in series of springs sometimes controlling it which change
while 62, 64 and 66 are in derivation.
This spe- the character of its opening change the value of
cific arrangement is not essential nor is it essen- the inertia produced by its opening.
The check
35
tial that all of these devices be incorporated in a
valve being inertia and so a filter element may 110
single system.
In general a single device may be
be omitted and the other elements of the appa-
sufficient.
For instance the inertia 59 might be
ratus adjusted accordingly. When more than
employed and the devices 60, 61, 62, 64 and 66
one pump is in the pipe line each pump may act
omitted or any two or more of them might be
as check valve or inlet for the succeeding pump.
40
omitted.
Likewise
the particular
position
of
Variations in the speed of the piston during • 115
these various devices in the system is not essen-
tial.
stroke are of importance.
When the piston is
For instance the device 66 which is shown as
moved by a crank shaft the speed increases from
near the check valve 51 might be installed where
zero to maximum speed during the first half of
the device 61 is illustrated near the pump cylinder the time of the entrance of the piston (that is,
45
52 or any other desired arrangement and loca- the first quarter of a complete cycle) and pro- 120
tion of any or all of these devices may be made.
duces an acceleration in the lifting of the liquid.
Instead of assembling in a singie system a plu- In the second half of the time of entrance of the
rality of different wave modifying
devices as piston (that is, the second quarter of a complete
illustrated in Fig. 18 a plurality of similar de- cycle) the speed of the piston decelerates going
50
vices might be employed whi & more than one is, from its high speed to zero speed.
Thus the 125
desired and the location of all of the devices is
liquid tends to be lifted with more strength when
interchangeable.
When apparatus such as is il-
the piston is entering during the first half of its
lustrated in Fig. 1 is operated the wave produced
forward stroke and tends, because of the deceler-
in the liquid will have certain characteristics and
ation, to be lifted with less strength in each unit
55
for the
conditions of operation it may be that
of time when the piston is entering during the 130
that wave is satisfactory and efficient.
It may
second half of its forward stroke.
In general
be, however, that for the conditions under which
under these conditions it is better to open the
the apparatus is operating
the wave produced
outlet valve when or before the piston reaches
by apparatus such as illustrated in Fig. I will
the half point of the inward stroke.
Sometimes
not have the desired characteristics and may not
it may be better to open the valve at the end of 135
be effectively efficient to produce
the desired
the entrance stroke of the piston or somewhat
pumping effect. By adding
to
the apparatus
before.
When a proper cam is employed to op-
shown in Fig. 1 any one or more of the devices
erate
the piston,
the piston speed increases
illustrated in Figs. 3 to 17 the characteristic of
throughout the entire advance movement so the
the wave may be modified so as to produce the
same effect may sometimes be produced by a cam 140
desired effective efficient result.
Thus the wave which gives only one-half the length of move-
set up in such an apparatus as Fig. 18 will have
ment to the piston as would be given by a corre-
characteristics different from the wave set up in
sponding crank. When such a cam is used only
such an apparatus as Fig. 1 and the addition or
only-half as much liquid may be forced out of
70 removal of any one of the impedance or capacity
the piston cylinder as with & crank and hence at 145
devices illustrated in Fig. 18 will correspondingly
each stroke less liquid need go into the cylinder
modify the wave.
to keep it full in order to get as much liquid out-
In Fig. 19 is shown assembled in such a pump put from the apparatus.
With the most eii-
as is shown in Fig. 2 a filter such as illustrated
cient adjustment of the apparatus, during the
75 in Fig. Ila and in Fig. 20 such a fllter as illus- acceleration of the piston liquid is lifted, that 150

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1100, "chars": 6793, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1,941,598
5
is to say, the liquid may be moving from the rying liquid, an inlet and an outlet therefor,
means for causing compression waves to pass
opened at this moment the liquid which is al-
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
ready moving upward, will tend to be lifted with
of liquid through the apparatus, capacity asso-
5 more efficiency since it is not obliged to change
ciated and communicating with the pipe so as to
80
its direction.
modify the waves in the liquid.
The suddenness of opening the outlet being the
6. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car-
principal element in the transformation of the
rying liquid, an inlet and an outlet therefor,
compression waves should be especially consid-..
means for causing compression waves to pass
ie ered and arranged to cooperate with the rest of
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
85
of liquid through the apparatus, inertia and ca-
In certain cases it may be desired to produce a
pacity associated and communicating with the
certain pressure in the apparatus at the time the
pipe so as to modify the waves in the liquid.
outlet is opened as in this connection it seems that
7. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car-
l6 the liquid pumped going out with a certain pres- rying liquid, means for causing compression waves
90
sure will carry with it enough energy to lift the to pass through the liquid, whereby the waves
liquid higher than the apparatus.
cause liquid to flow through the apparatus, and
tus working in this form may work somewhat an auxiliary wave filter associated ana commu-
like a combination of the system employing the nicating with the pipe so as to modify the waves.
20 open cock at the outlet and the system opening
8. Apparatus for pumping liquids comprising
95
and closing the valve, retaining thus the advan- a check valve in the liquid supply, a compressor
tages of both systems.
at the point of delivery including & cylinder and
The conditions involved in the use and applica-. a piston and an outlet pipe, a pipe filled with
tion of filters indicate the important effect which
liquid extending from the valve to the com-
25 may be produced by small defects in the appa-
pressor, means for reciprocating the piston rapid- 100
ratus such as leakage, holes or couplings or con-
ly through a short stroke whereby the compres-
nections which allow liquid to pass out, these de-
sion of the liquid produced by the piston is va-
fects being analogous to the bad effect produced
ried and a wave filter associated and communi-
in electrical circuits by bad contacts or by other
cating with the last named pipe which when al-
30
defects in different parts of the apparatus, etc.
tered varies the output of the pump.
105
The piston may work either with the cylinder
9. An apparatus for pumping liquid compris-
horizontal or vertical or inclined, or any other
ing & pipe filled with liquid leading to the liquia
suitable means may be employed to produce vari-
supply, a check valve in the pipe in the liquid
ations in compression in the liquid to set up the
supply, a compressor cylinder at the other end
35
compression waves.
The pipe through which liq-
of the pipe, an open outlet from the cylinder, & 110
uid fiows may be either horizontal or vertical or
piston to alternately compress the liquid in the
inclined, and it may be curved, bent or straight.
pipe and release the pressure, and a wave filter
All of these arrangements may be referred to as
associated and communicating with the pipe.
pumps, and the term pumping is used as includ-
10. Apparatus for pumping liquia comprising
40 ing moving, transporting or conveying in vertical
means for
alternately
compressing a body of 115
or horizontal or inclined directions or a combina-
liquid in a pipe and releasing the pressure to set
tion of any of them, and the liquids so pumped
up waves in the liquid, an
outlet for the pipe
may be simple liquids or may carry more or less
whereby the waves
cause liquid to enter and
solid matter or gases.
flow through the pipe and auxiliary wave filters
45
I claim as my invention:
associated and communicating with the pipe 120
1. 'Ine method of varying and adjusting the
which when altered vary the liquid flow through
efficiency of pumping apparatus comprising a pipe
carrying liquid an inlet and an outlet therefor
and means for causing compression waves to pass
50
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
of liquid through the apparatus, comprising asso-
ciating and communicating a wave filter with the
pipe so as to modity the waves in the liquid.
2. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car-
55 rying liquid, an inlet and an outlet therefor,
means for causing compression waves to pass
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
of liquid through the apparatus, a wave flter
associated and communicating with the pipe so
60
as to modify the waves in the liquid.
3. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car-
11. Apparatus for pumping liquid comprising
means for alternately
liquid in a pipe, separate means for alternately 125
the pressure, an outlet for the pipe
whereby the variations in compression cause the
liquid to enter and flow through the pipe, and
an auxiliary wave filter for varying the flow.
12. Apparatus for pumping liquids comprising 130
a pipe leading to the liquid supply filled with
liquid, a check valve in the pipe within the liquid
to be moved, an outlet for the liquid, means for
compressing the liquid in the pipe, separate
means for suddenly releasing the pressure, and
an auxilary wave filter for varying the fiow of
rying liquid, an inlet and an outlet therefor,
means for causing compression waves to pass
13. Apparatus for pumping liquids compris-
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
ing a pipe leading to the liquid supply and filled
of liquid through the apparatus, inertia, capacity
with liquid, a check valve in the pipe within
140
and leakage associated and communicating with
the liquid supply, an outlet for the liquid, means
the pipe so as to modify the waves in the liquid.
to set up a contemporaneous plurality of series
4. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car-
of compression waves in the liquid in the pipe
rying liquid, an inlet and an outlet therefor,
to operate the check valve and move the liquid,
70
means for causing compression waves to pass
and an auxiliary wave filter for varying the flow 145
through the liquid and thereby cause movement
of the liquid.
of liquid through the apparatus, inertia associ-
14. Apparatus for pumping liquids compris-
¡ ated and communicating with the pipe so as to
ing means for alternately compressing a body of
modify the waves in the liquid.
liquid in a pípe and releasing the pressure, an
75
5. Pumping apparatus comprising a pipe car- outlet for the pipe, whereby the variations in 150

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2944, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
1,911,598
compression cause liquid to enter and flow through
19. The method of regulating the output of a
the pipe, and an enlargement connected with
pumping apparatus comprising means for alter-
the pipe modiiying the pumping effect.
nately compressing a body of liquid in a pipe,
15. Apparatus for pumping
liquids compris-
separate means for alternately
releasing
the
5 ing means for alternately compressing a body of
pressure and an outlet for the pipe, whereby the
80
liquid in a pipe and releasing the pressure, an
variations in compression cause the liquid to
outlet for the pipe, whereby the variations in
enter and flow through the pipe, consisting of
compression cause
liquid to
enter
and flow
inserting and regulating, varying and/or adjust-
through the pipe, and an enlargement in the
ing auxiliary and additional wave filter ele-
10 pipe modifying the pumping effect.
ments.
16. Apparatus for pumping liquids comprising
20. The method of regulating the output of
85
means for alternately
compressing a body of
apparatus for pumping liquid comprising means
liquid in a pipe and releasing the pressure, an
for alternately compressing a body of liquid in
15
outlet for the pipe, whereby the variations in com-
& pipe, separate means for alternately releasing
pression cause liquid to enter and flow through
the pressure, an outiet for the pipe whereby the
90
the pipe, and an obstruction in the pipe modify-
• variations in compression cause
the liquid to
ing the pumping effect.
enter and flow through the pipe, and an auxiliary
17. Apparatus for pumping liquids compris-
ing means for alternately compressing a body of
wave filter for varying the flow, consisting
regulating, varying and/or adjusting the auxiliary
20 liquid in a pipe and releasing the pressure, an
wave filter.
95
outlet for the pipe, whereby the variations in
21. The method of regulating the output of
compression cause liquid to enter and flow through
apparatus for pumping
liquids comprising
the pipe, and an obstruction and an enlargement
pipe leading to the liquid supply and filled with
in the pipe modifying the pumping effect.
liquid, a check valve in the pipe within the liquid
25
18. Apparatus for pumping liquids compris-
supply, an outlet for the liquid, means to set up 100
ing means for alternately compressing a body of
a contemporaneous plurality of series of compres-
liquid in a pipe and releasing the pressure, an
sion waves in the liquia in the pipe to operate tne
outiet for the pipe, whereby the variations in
check valve and move the liquid, and an auxiliary
compression cause liquid to enter and flow through
wave filter for varying the flow of the liquid
30
the pipe, and an obstruction and an enlargement
consisting of regulating, varying and/or adjust- 105
in a passageway connected with the pipe modify. ing the auxiliary wave filter.
ing the pumping effect.
TORIBIO BELLOCQ.
35
110
40
115.
120
50
125
55
130
135
05
140
70
140
75
160
