{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-20T01:31:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9086450, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125309-cejka-why-i-must-attack-einstein-larouche.pdf", "source_sha256": "f993d990dc2272a2aa22b9265529db45093f45a194d5512c298ffad70e3cdb27"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 679, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
C= Bs

Ce eg ee eel
“7

. Sie

i}

a", Le
i i ot a
i vn

ap!
Ae | \.5

= r | : a a lal i Pl
July-August. 1984." FUSION (fot! Soy tre
= wee st Oca Ton RAR alee YY 7

Dr, Aibert Einstein, circa 1930.

fs

ne F i ;
a as ee ee

ouche, Jr.)

aa
i, 0! le oe
Sa ae

d

i. lp ert ; Pia
= i az —" kia. I ial

=

=
i .
a

a me Le

ere
m4 eA rig |

HE Che
to re a! aps rf

7 ae
i un eal Fi
ale fee Om : _~ 7
a 7 | i. . i
7 a so + i

=

=

m . i
i | hel wg

rr
7

-
| 1 Fr i
ef hee s ah be
ee ee ne A” bans
beer 1 ar

Sime
St ie
-
i

: f £
ie Fm 5 hee i.
j J d 1 eels —
me ie = a = oe =a
al 5 ee
i a a
Fr Fad, od Sole gy sn
" rat el L
' i i k or L

Lei Pg

Pa Bt i
a, =, wma

Ft he F Sa La

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 975, "chars": 6498, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EDITOR'S NOTE: An "Einstein debate" emerged after the
100th birthday celebration of Einstein in 1979, in which the
name Einstein has been, repeatedly misused
_ solely to
strengthen cultural pessimism and the antiwar movement.
This article contrasts sharply with the so-called Einstein de
bate, and treats with scientific precision the question of
morality in scientific work.
The origins of the ugly Einstein debate are as follows: In
November 1980, an essay by the West German physicist
Unsold pinned on Einstein the blame for atomic weapons.
and therefore all modern, warfare. Writing in the official
publication of the German, Science Association, Unsöld
vented his anger over the just-concluded Einstein Year"
celebration: (Hardly anyone dared to remind us." he
wrote, "that Einstein's name is also closely associated with
with atomic bomb. Much has been said in 1979 abou!
the 'responsibility of scientists. But of Haber's poison gas
and Einstein's atomic bomb we hardly heard a single
word." (The year 1979, it should be noted, was the year
NATO made the bilateral decision to station middle range
missiles in Western Europe.)
The green and peace movements immediately put Un
sold on their lecture circuit, giving him the opportunity to
spread his ideas on "scientists responsibility" throughout
West Germany: His speeches against Einstein, soon pro-
voked an international outcry, including charges that Un-
sold's attack was motivated by, antisemitism. The British
magazine Nature, for example, reported April 16, 1981 that
*Unsold, a theoretician, now 75, appears to have begun his
attack on Einstein at a universityl symposium... when
he said that Einstein was guilty of crimes, no less serious
than those of Hitler...- Unsöld has been charged with
antisemitism." Why the peace movement would so zeat-
ously rely on Unsold's view of "scientists" responsibility."
becomes clear from the following citation from the above
mentioned Unsöld article against Einstein:
Man's psyche apparently possesses two regions....
which operate according to quite dilferent rules.
The deliberative, goal-oriented and critical activity of
our "I" resides . in the neocortex... Opposed to
this is the genetically more ancient limbic area, or brain
'stem, which is where the instincts, the id.
reside.
This latter portion has remained unchanged since the
stone age. Thus we understand that, even in humans
with extremely differentiated thinking and investiga-
tive capacities people with "exceedingly high intelli-
gence"-the old stone-age instincts are lurking in the
background, Instincts primarily aimed at acquiring
power, acclaim, etc., and which would not hesitate to
destroy anything which could get in the way.,
in Unsöld's twisted and antibuman view of man.as in a
that of the green and peace movements there is no place
for moral or statesmanlike activity, and no notion of how
science and technology enable mankind to not only sur
vive, but to develop. The Einstein debate spurred by Unsold
promoted nothing useful scientifically; it served only to
promote the European peace movement's simple-minded
formula that "Science - Weapons."
42
FUSION July-August 1984.
to attack certain features of the work of the late
Albert Einstein publicly. This reluctance bears
upon Einstein as a man, not as a physicist. Although I am
not a physicist or mathematician as such-chiefly because
I early abhorred, morally, certain leading features of con-
temporary textbook and classroom mathematics I am not
awed by Einstein's repufation in science. I know enough of
the absolute fundamentals of scientific work to know with
certainty that important aspects of Einstein's work depend
upon childishly outrageous blunders of assumption and
method. What I like about Einstein is that, although he
permitted himself to be used and corrupted to a certain
degree, he drew the line beyond which he would not per-
mit himself to be used for corrupt purposes. For that latter
reason, and forreason of certain important issues on which
Einstein was morally on the right side, I would prefer to
defend him, than to be obliged to attack his memory.
My motives for'attacking Einstein's memory are eminent-
ly, urgently practical ones, reasons he would admit are of
an obligatory moral as well as practical character. Brielly.
the threat of a new general war, this time probably a
thermonuclear war, and the threatened collapse of the
world's economy-unless a technological revolution inter-
venes—require a very special kind of "crash-program" ef-
fort in development of three interrelated areas of scientific
investigation and technological applications. These three
areas are: (1) controlled thermonuclear fusion and related
aspects of relativistic physics; (2) a general, radical revision
in the theory of quantum electrodynamics, with emphasis
on the need for a comprehensive and coherent doctrine of
coherent radiation-new, rigorous distinctions between
energy and work; and 3) revolutionary breakthroughs in
biophysics, centered upon control of aging of tissues with-
in the whole processes of human bodies, a fundamental
breakthrough in the physical definition of the word life.
These three breakthroughs cannot be accomplished with-
- out throwing overboard the axiomatic notions of a statisti-
cal theory of heat, axiomatic notions embedded in much of
Einstein's work, and the root of every, major error in his
work.
In these matters, my own special variety of competence
lies both in my mastery of empirical principles of economic
science, and a life dedicated chiefly to mastery of what is
best described as "the third level of scientific hypothesis,"
what Plato's writings define às the notion of an hypothesis
of the higher hypothesis. In my own case, my susceptibility
to the Platonic (or, Neoplatonic) viewpoint was an out-
growth of a childhood and youthful saturation with matters
of theology, most emphatically that of the Gospel of St.
John. It was consistent that during my 13th and 14th year,!
should have been won totally to the methodological out-
look of Gottfried Leibniz, most emphatically the Leibniz of
the Leibniz-Clarke correspondence and the Monadology
This theological point of entry into scientific work has been
no defect, as the instances of 5t. Augustine, and the found-
ing of modern science by the 15th-century Cardinal Nicho-
las of Cusa best indicate the connections to be noted.
What turned me away from mathematics, as | encoun-
tered taught mathematics in the textbooks and classrooms

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1007, "chars": 6838, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of my youth; was the recognition that the lattice structures
of matheraties and mathematical physics.
of a logically consistent mathematical edifice depend upon
The most recent developments in my own work began
the validity of the axiomatic and postulational assumptions
during 1980. The LaRouche-Riemann method of economic
which underlie all mathematical systems, It has always ap-
forecasting has proven itself the only competent forecast-
peared morally indefensible to me to assert that anything is
ing method in existence today, but there are shortcomings
true mathematically merely because of plausible empirical"
within the present form of the forecasting practice, such
consistency with mathematical schemas. If the underlying
that the method is of the highest accuracy presently avail-
assumptions are in error, then the entire edifice of existing
able for short-term general forecasting, but not satisfactory
mathematics collapses. Perhaps, at any given point in prog-
• to the same degree for short-term forecasting of subsectors
ress of knowledge, it may not be possible to settle these
of the same general economic process. Therefore, a con-
problems respecting underlying assumptions, and scientif-
stant improvement, refinement, in the program has been
ic work must not be halted merely because we know some
characteristic of the work since it was launched in Decem-
more or less pervasive defect to exist in given mathematical
ber 1978.
physics. Yet, at the same time, it is morally wrong, and
The direction of these continuing refinements took a
ultimately destructive of scientific work, to pretend that the
wrong turn during mid-1980, a wrong turn I recognized to
existing mathematics is self-evidently right as to principles
be disregard for the deeper implications of the "delta" in
when it is demonstrable that some underlying assumptions
Leibniz's formulation of the differential calculus. This, I
are of a dubious character. *
warned my associates then, obliges us to emphasize the
This doubt proved most fruitful. The Wiener Shannon
fact that the notion of a quantum-value in physical process-
doctrine of "information theory," derived from the statis-
es is nothing but Leibniz's notion of the fallacy of *infinite
fical theory of heat, expresses the most immoral features of
divisibility," 'one of the points upon which he based his
existing scientific opinion, depending most directly upon
(accurate) argument, that Newton's form of the calculus
assumptions which are provably absurd, assumptions con-
was useless and false to physical reality. To solve certain
clusively proven absurd long before the work of Boltz-
tasks of refinement in economic analysis, I concluded, it is
mann, Gibbs, et al, Negentropy, it appeared to me during
indispensable to brush aside prevailing, accepted interpre-
late 1947 and early 194B, when | first encountered the Wiener-
tations of the quantum-notion and to derive the necessity
Shannon dogma, is characteristically the quality of living
of this notion from the same basis as Leibniz's approach.
processes. Life as an active, efficient principle, must be
rejecting the assumptions underlying what is called quan-
•adduced directly, empirically, from living processes. It was
tum mechanics. When my associates failed to effect quickly
my preferred argument then, and still today, that the pro-
enough the breakthrough of the form I saw necessary, !
fessor who undertakes to discover whether or not life is
mobilized myself to set the required solution into motion,
possible, from. the standpoint of the statistical theory of
demanding that we examine the matter from the standpoint
heat, or the mechanistic standpoint otherwise expressed,
is posing actually the question whether he himself exists to
of a rigorously synthetic-geometrical approach to construc
tion and interpretation of conical (complex functions. *
have the power to express an opinion on any matter of
This program began, during 19B1, with an attack on the i
inquiry. Therefore, I was led through the work of Nicholas
simplest phenomenon of all conical functions: the deter-
Rashevsky on mathematical biophysics, to challenging
mination of the correct, well-tempered values for the mu-
Rashevsky's methodological assumptions. This led ulti-
sical scale as an elementary exercise in differential geome-
mately to a year of wrestling with Georg Cantor's notion of
try, as completed by Jonathan Tennenbaum and Ralf
transfinite orderings, a vantage point,which made the es-
Schauerhammer during autumn 1981. This led, further,
sential, underlying features of the work of Bernhard Rie-
Tennenbaum's reconstruction of Minkowski's doctrine of
mann directly accessible. My own fundamental discoveries
special relativity through use of paired cylindrical func
in economic science, dated from 1952, were the result of
tions, in respect to which 1 insisted this must be corrected
that.
by an additional, crucial step, of substituting conical func-
Energy unquestionably exists, to the effect that increase
tions for the cylindrical. This led to Tennenbaum's discov-
of measurable energy-flux density of processes is the prop-
ering a fresh view of Gauss's arithmetic-geometric mean.
er first-approximation measure of work accomplished by
Through the collaboration with Tennenbaum, I pointed out-
thermodynamic processes. Yet, "energy" and "work" are
that the view of generalized elliptic functions, as subsumed
not the same thing. Work produces energy, and the con-
by Gauss's derivation of the arithmetic-geometric mean,
version of energy into work is the crux of the matter, It is
was the basis for both Riemann's famous 1854 habilitation
the comparison of the work gained with use of energy against
dissertation, "On The Hypotheses Which Underlie Geom-
the work required to produce energy in the form required,
etry," and the proper basis for defining both the principle
which is the essential definition. This recognition, and its
of the quantum and Leibniz's "delta.* ""
bearing upon the measurability of technology as such, was
The oulgrowth of Tennenbaum's continuing work on this
the basis for my original discoveries of 1952, a discovery
matter gave us a much more powerful apparatus than I had
which has undergone a radical improvement in depth and
previously employed for economic science. This, and its
scope during the recent five years-chiefly due to my col+
general implications, I reported to the July 3-4 [1963) con-
laboration with Uwe Parpart Henke, Dr. Jonathan Tennen-
ference of the International Caucus of Labor Committees
baum, and others, who have enabled me to locate my ear-
in Reston, Virginia. The included judgment is that a "gen-
lier conceptions within the broader range of fundamentals
• eral theory of relativity," as distinct from "special relativity,"
July-August 1984': FUSION
43

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 759, "chars": 5167, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
us to overthrow one or more of the fundamental assump
tions underlying contemporary scientific work. A success-
Self-simila
spiral
ful higher hypothesis produces a greater or lesser scientific
revolution, and, by implication, greater or lesser techno
logical revolution.
(3) Hypothesis of the higher hypothesis. This presumes
that a succession of scientific revolutions represents an
orderable series of higher hypotheses, on the condition
*that the succession correlates with an increase in the poten-
tial per capita power of society over nature. This poses the
question, whether a succession of higher hypotheses meet-
ing that requirement is demonstrably the result of some
common principle of discovery. In other words, is there
some principle of discovery which can be successively ap-
plied to successive scientific revolutions to generate the
next scientific revolution in that series? Experiments which
test hypothetical principles of discovery of this sort define
the notion of an hypothesis of the higher hypothesis the
third level of hypothesis.
There is a current of modern science, beginning with the
Prajeclion of spiral onto
base of cona
Figure 1
SELF-SIMILAR SPIRAL ON A CONE
A self-similar spiral faJ is the proper mathematical def.
inition of work. The self similar characteristic of the
figure is that a cut made anywhere parallel to the base
of the cone produces a smaller cone and spiral iden
tical to that of the larger cone, except for its scale and
rotation. Each cycle of the spiral defines a circular
cross section of the cone.
In projection (b), the spiral on the cone becomes a
two-dimensional spiral.
discovery of the isoperimetric principle by Cardinal Nicho-
las of Cusa during the 15th century, which insists that all of
the fundamental questions of scientific knowledge exist for -
comprehension only on the third level of hypothesis. This
current of science is typified by Cusa, Leonardo da Vinci,
Johannes Kepler, Gottfried Leibniz, the Carot-Monge Ecole
Polytechnique, Karl Gauss, and Bernhard Riemann—a cur-
rent sometimes identified in English literature as "continen-
tal science." This is the current to which this writer adheres.
This adherence takes the practical form today of the writ-
er's specifications for design of a needed "crash program,*
both to implemerit the President's strategic doctrine enun-
ciated first on March 23, 1983, and to cause that work in
military technology to'spill over efficiently into the world's
civilian economy, to foster a general explosion in economic
growth. The designs proposed by this writer are modeled,
does not exist, that the seach for a unified field within the
as a matter of reference, on the combined military, scien-
scope of a supposed general relativity is a result of wild,
tific, and educational work of-the Ecole Polytechnique un-
unrecognized fallacies embedded in an incorrect formula-
der Lazare Carnot and Gaspard Monge. Otherwise, the
tion of what is called "special relativity." This argument
writer situates within that model of reference the question
does not depend upon any complex analysis of the matter;
of a governing administrative-methodological principle ap-
the errors are entirely of the most elementary kind, the
proach to make such a social instrument of crash-pro-
most primitive errors of assumption, which therefore admit
gram" work effective for the specific objectives in view
of direct, simple demorstration.
today.
I summarize the bare essentials of the case which 1 pre-
- The importance of this approach is most readily demon-
sented to that conference, beginning with a definition of
strated from a military standpoint. In opposition to those
the notion of an hypothesis of the higher hypothesis.
"systems analysts" whose influence has ruined the delen-
ses of the United States, military technology defines a do-
foi.* The Three Levels of Hypothesis
• main of accelerating technological attrition. The best mea-
: In scientific work, there are three levels of hypothesis:
sures deployed today produce countermeasures, counter-
(1). Simple hypothesis. The underlying assumptions of
measures which require more advanced measures to over-
prevailing scientific knowledge are assumed to be valid,
come them. The succession of measures and countermea-
both forscientific work generally, and also for the particular
sures so defined is sometimes named "technological attri-
area of inquiry to which some experimental hypothesis is
tion." and is sometimes called an "arms race." There is no
addressed. The assumption of consistency with existing
alternative to such an "arms race," but to prepare to lose
structures and underlying assumptions of scientific work,
the next war.
especially mathematical physics, is the basis for design and
The same principle of "competition" exists in the non-
testing of the experimental hypothesis.
military economy. However, one may ignore this principle
(2) Higher hypothesis. This is an experimental hypothe-
of "competition, " on the assumption that a nation may sur-
• sis addressed to the question whether evidence requires
vive national economic bankruptcy, but might not survive
FUSION
luly-August 1984

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 550, "chars": 3594, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Spiral on a cylinder
Spiral on a cone
1 full
otation
¡rotation
Figure 2
IDEAL REPRESENTATIONS OF
ENERGY AND WORK
At left, a spiral on a cylinder, the ideal math-
ematical representation of energy. Half the
spiral's rotation occurs at a point on the cyl-
inder that is one half the height ofa complete
cycle of rotation.
At right, a spiral on a cone. At one half-
rotation, the spiral has reached a height,
measured along the central axis of the cone,
that is less than one half the height ofa com-
plete cycle of rotation. The height of the spi-
al after making a half-rotation will be the
geometric mean (G) between the height at
the beginning and end of the cycle of rota-
tion: The arithmetic mean (A), the midpoint
of the vertical distance traversed by the total
action, is at a point more distant.
A
G
1 full
rotation
rotation
losing a war. Hence, it is the unfortunate reality of modern
history, that great advances in technology of civilian econ-
omies have often been a by-product of mobilization for
wars. It is not that war is the indispensable instrument of
Level circle
Ellipse
• Level circle
•Volume (shaded)
Figure 3
ELLIPSE CHARACTER OF CONICAL ACTION
The path of the spiral up the cone defines the first
integral of the complex variable. The shaded area be-
tween the two circles represents the volume and de-
fines the second integral, net work. The character of
this volume is the ellipse cut between the two level
circles.
progress usually it is not; it is that nations refuse to do
what they should have done in pursuit of peace, until the
hot breath of war is upon their necks.
Technological attrition converges upon the notion of
, successive scientific revolutions, at least, successive tech-
nological revolutions. The distinction between the two is
that a technological revolution is a scientific revolution put
into practice-too often, belatedly. The idea that there ex-
ists a "world-line" based on successively ordered series of
scientific breakthroughs, or technological breakthroughs,
is the implied feature of technological attrition, and there-
fore the implied feature of all "crash programs" resembling
that which we have proposed. This represents the ideal case
for direct application of the third level of hypothesis.
Conical Functions Defined
The fundamental fallacy of the work of Einstein and many
others —was his refusal to accept the fundamental principle.
upon which the preceding development of European sci-
ence depended: the treatment of the implications of the
five Platonic solids, from the vantage point of Cusa's redis-"
covery of the isoperimetric principle: the principle that the
action of circular rotation, Leibniz's Principle of Least Ac-
tion, is the only form of action self-evidently existing in
visible (Euclidean) space. All of Einstein's major errors are
derived from this consideration, including his misinterpre
ration of Riemannian physics.
Briefly, circular action in a measureless, formless void,
creates a circular area of measureless extent. The repetition
of this same action upon that circular area creates the straight
line, and also creates the first degree of measure: division
of circular rotation by one-half. This is the only definition
of a straight line permitted within a rigorous mathematical
physics. The same circular action repeated upon a semi-
circle creates a point. From circular action, and the line and
point created by circular action (singularities), all forms
constructible in visible (Euclidean) space are constructed,
using no other means but the hereditary principle of con
July-August 1984 FUSION

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3651, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Focus
Semiminor
axis of allipse =
geometric mean
Semimajor axis afellipse -
Projected ellipse
(Shown
schematically)
arithmetic mean
Projected
ellipse
Figure 4
PROJECTION OF ELLIPSE ONTO PLANE
The arithmetic geometric mean of Gauss's theory of el
• liptic functions follows immediately in yiewing the pro-
jection of this ellipse onto a plane. The arithmetic mean,
A, defines the semimajor axis of the projected ellipse.
The geometric mean, C, will then be the semiminor axis
of the ellipse. One focus of the projected ellipse lies
upon the central axis of the cone.
struction from the starting-point of circular action. No ax-
- is the only self-evident form of physical action in the uni-
ioms or postulates are permitted in rigorous mathematical
verse (Figure 1)."
physics, or geometry.
This is the foundation of all rigorous forms of mathemat-
The limitations upon construction in visible space are
ical physics. This is the elementary rootof the third level of
two. First, only five kinds of regular polyhedra can be con-
hypothesis for mathematical physics.
structed in visible space-the five Platonic solids. All of
Pacioli, da Vinci, and Kepler emphasized that all living
these solids (4, 6, 8, 12, and 20 sides respectively) reduce to
processes have the morphological characteristics of growth
one elementary such solid, the 12-sided, dodecahedron
whose sides are equal, regular pentagons. The pentagon
and function of the golden section." Functions with such
characteristics are negentropic functions.
and the dodecahedron are both constructed on the basis
Kepler proved, and that conclusively, that the Platonic
of a harmonic characteristic called the golden section.
harmonic system, as presented by Plato's Timaeus, is the
Nothing can be constructed in visible space except by ref-
basis for the universal laws of astronomy. With aid of cor-
erence to the unique feature of the golden section. The
rections supplied chiefly by Karl Gauss, Kepler's astronomy
second; ultimately identical limitation, is the fact that cer-
tain classes of occurrences within visible space cannot be
is valid to the present date, whereas all opposed doctrines
24542
constructed within visible space, those constructions which
The most fundamental breakthrough in science after
depend upon transcendental functions- including the reg
Kepler and Leibniz's, was the discovery of the arithmetic
ular heptagon.
geometric mean by Karl Gauss. Without this discovery, no
However, all existences within visible space can be con-
structed as projections of continuous, conical functions
elementary form of a self-similar spiral on the outer surface
formot gets conica conscion acon have he inte
fundamental discovery of post-1830 European sicence would
have been possible (after legendre, Fourier, and Poncelet).
- This is what Einstein rejects implicitly.
• The most elementary complex variable is the stretching
of a cone. This spiral has the 2-space projection of an Ar-1
of a rotating radius-line as the radius rotates around the axis
chimedes spiral whose characteristic proportion is the
of a cone. The simplest case is that in which the radius
golden section. Each cycle of the spiral defines a circular
increases by a fixed ratio as it rotates, such that, after each
cross-section of the cone, All existences in visible space are
complete rotation, the radius has increased by the ratio of
thus defined by transcendental conical functions. The con-
some fixed number. If the ratio of the radius's increase is
ical self-similar spiral of the reflected continuous manifold
*1," the result is a constant spiral on the outer surface of a
46
FUSION July-August 1964

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4595, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 5
THE QUANTUM OFACTION
Following the elliptical cut made in
Figure 3, a succession of ellipses may
be cut from the cone, each defined
by the arithmetic and geometric
means of the previous cut. Points
A, A, A, on the cone define the
arithmetic means of the success/ve
ellipses, points G, Gy. and G, mark
the geometric means. At the small-
est possible self-similar subdivision
of the spiral achieved by this pro-
cess, the recursive process must
stop. Here, the volume defined by
the two foci of the last ellipse equals?
the quantum faction.
Successive projected ellipses
cylinder, the ideal representation of energy. If the ratio is
ation a large number of times. The question is: When does
greater than "T," the result is a self-similar spiral on the
one stop this recursive process? This is the kernel of Gauss's
Outer surface of a cone, the ideal representation of work
theory of elliptic functions.
(Figure 2).
At whatever point the recursive process ceases, the re-
In the second case, the Gauss arithmetic-geometric mean
maining volume defined by the two foci of the last ellipse
follows immediately.
defines a degree of rotation of the spiral generating the
The first integral of such an elementary complex variable
cone, and also defines a relative value for an interval of
is the spiral-action (for an interval of time). The second
displacement along the central axis of the cone. In a uni-
tegral (for our purposes here) is the definite integral of
verse whose metric is the speed of light, this will corre
ne spiral action for one completed cycle of rotation: the
spond to a wavelength, a frequency. If this is determined
volume defined by two successive circular cross-sections
in some necessary way, we have Leibniz's "delta" and the
of the cone, at the beginning and end of that cycle. The , notion of the quantum of action (Figure 5).
characteristic of this volume is the ellipse defined by any
The physical significance of this was first established in
diagonal cut of the volume by a plane (Figure 3).
available scientific literature; by Riemann's 1854 habilitation
if the volume is cylindrical, the spiral rotates half its ro-
dissertation, "On The Hypotheses Which Underlie Geom-
tation at the midpoint of the volume: The geometric and
, etry." Assume the prior self-elaboration of the universe as
arithmetic means are coincident. The elliptical cross-section
a whole, or some phase space to correspond to some well-
defines energy, but not work.
defined numberN, such that the singularity of the Gaussian
If the volume is conical, the spiral rotates less than half
elliptic-function series for the conical interval represents
the distance along the central axis of the cone during the
Nt 1. This means that action corresponding to a well-
first half of the rotation. In this case, the geometric mean
defined notion of work acts upon the universe (or phase
lies below the arithmetic mean; the two are not coincident.
space) as an entirety, such that that action is bounded
Imagine the cone standing on a plane and project the
uniquely, in scope and division of itself, by the relationship
boundaries of the spiral down to the plane. The distance
implied by values N+ 1 and N. This defines a smallest divi-
between the two points on the plane defines tha major axis
sion of action, below which only a singularity in physical
of an ellipsé in the plane. The vertex of the cone forms one
space can occur. That is a quantum of action, a value which
focus of this ellipse (the position of the sun in the Earth's
varies relativistically as the universe evolves to higher states,
orbit). The semimajor axis of the projected ellipse has the
or as the phase space evolves similarly.
same length as the radius of the circle that is located at the
That is what the quantum represents from the standpoint
arithmetic mean on the cone. The semiminor axis has the
of the third level of hypothesis: a smallest wavelength of
length of the radius of the circle located at the geometric
continuous action, below which only a singularity can exist.
mean (Figure 4).
This was the basis for Riemannian electrodynamics, in
Let us imagine that the ellipse on the plane is projected which retarded potential, rather than notions of the statis-
from an ellispe located in a cone. We can generate a series
tical theory of heat, is characteristic. This has been the un-
of similar ellipses, each bounded by the arithmetic and
derlying issue of the factional furor within physics for more
cometric means of the previous ellipse, Repeat this oper-
than a hundred years.
July-August 1984 - FUSION
47

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1019, "chars": 6796, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
However, this quantum can be measured empirically not
only as a smallest wavelength of a continuous (for example,
electromagnetic function. Changes in the value of the
quantum, relative to functional notions associated with N
and N+ 1, also correspond to relativistic metrical changes
in the characteristic rates of action within the phase space
concerned, as Riemann specifies. This, from the stand-
point, again, of the third level of hypothesis, defines rela-
tivistic physics..
Contrast to Newion and Maxwell
Any system for describing physical processes which is
modeled upon the syllogistic system of Aristotle, eliminates
representation of such forms of action as "create" and
"cause" within the mathematical system itself. The use of
the equal-sign or inequality-signs has the same function as
the middle term in the Aristotelian syllogism. Hence, math-
ematics usually confronts us with the ludicrous spectacle
that we speak of creation of the universe, and speak of and
observe causal relationships in physical processes, but can
find no expression of either in conventional mathematical
schemas.
The paradox does not exist in a rigorous geometry of the
sort we have indicated here. Circular action, as the mirror
of conical-sell-similar action, Is the form of the verb "to
•create," and also the description of action congruent with
the verb "to cause." Creation and causation are one and
the same, at least essentially. This requires, of course, that
we cast aside all of the axioms and postulates of Euclid's
Elements, or anything resembling them, and replace entire-
ly the syllogistic lattice-work of deductive theorems by the
"hereditary principle" of rigorous construction of synthetic
geometry from the unique principle of circular (conical self-
similar) action, Leibniz's Principle of Least Action.
Most of the formal fallacies which afflict mathematics and
* mathematical physics are derived not from physical exper-
iments as such, but from substituting an axiomatically al-"
- gebraic mathematical structure used to describe physical
, processes for those processes themselves. In a word, nom-
inalism. Since such mathematics does not tolerate the ex-
istence of a creation, such as our whiverse, and prohibits
specification of causation as a term of description, it should
not be surprising that such mathematics is often inappro-
priate means for ştudying principles of causation in a cre-
ated, existing universe. Such mathematics has merit as a
• language of description, but it is a fool's enterprise to at-
tempt to wring out of such mathematics any evidence bear-
ing upon causation: one would have better luck attempting
to wring blood from a stone. When one uses such a lan-
guage of mathematical description, one must be aware at
all points of what this mathematics can and cannot accom-
plish, and not employ it for the sort of analysis which it
prohibits on axiomatic principle.
The same general problem arises in connection with no-.
tions of probability: The same word, probability, has mu-
tually exclusive meanings from the standpoint of Gauss on
the one side, and Descartes or LaPlace on the other. In
Gauss, it signifies the necessarily determined division of
action according to principles of a conically defined contin-
uous manifold. In LaPlace, it has a mechanistic-numerol-
48
FUSION July-August 1984
ogical interpretation. In the latter connection, we locate
the intrinsic fallacies of assumption underlying popularized
notions of a statistical theory of heat, and of related notions
of statistical dynamics, quantum mechanics. There is no
doubt that the action described probabilistically occurs as
a phenomenon in more or less the form described. The
issue is that of what sort of causal notion one might wring
out of the two, mutually exclusive modes of description-
Gauss's versus LaPlace's, for example. The latter prohibits
incorporation of causation into mathematics: Lo and be
hold!. Such mathematics argues from examining its own
probable navel, that causation does not exist!
Admittedly, the sort of notions we have described for the
third level of hypothesis do not provide us an elaborated
physics. They provide only what that level of hypothesis is
defined as providing: principles of discovery. However, the
process of experimental refinement of such principles of
discovery converges upon the underlying principles of law-
funess of the universe in general, and thus constitutes as
much as we can know respecting the fundamental laws of
that universe. Not only does this level of hypothesis define
a method, it also defines as much as we can know respect-
ing the lawful ontology of the universe as a whole. Not only
is science fundamentally methodologically transfinite; the
universe explored is itself ontologically transfinite.
• This addresses an issue which much occupied German
science at the beginning of this century, a shift from the
ontologically transfinite standpoint of Cusa, Kepler, Leib-
niz, Gauss, Riemann, et al., to the only-methodologically-
transfinite approach of German science at the turn of the
century. This latter represented a limited concession to
Helmholtz, Boltzman, et al., the leading enemies, together
with Maxwell, Rayleigh, et al., of the rigorously geometrical
approach to physics. The geometrical method was degrad-
ed from a method of physics, to a method for clever intui-
tions into matters bearing upon the interpretation of math-
ematical physics' problems.
The legitimate problem, which the purveyor of statistical
mechanics cites against the mechanistic system of Des-
cartes and Newton, is that action in the universe does not
conform to the notions of one-on-one interactions among
isolated particles in empty space. There are determinations
which belong to the manifold as a whole, which override
what might appear to be inferred from a mechanistic mis-
interpretation of space. Probability appears to fill the gap
between the two, and, within limits, appears to provide an
efficient guide to practice in those matters for which the
mechanistic method fails otherwise
The fallacies intrinsic to statistical mechanics generally,
and quantum mechanics in particular, are, therefore, these.
= (1) It overlooks the fact that physical reality cannot be
constructed withip visible space, but that this reality can be
constructed only as projections of a continuous manifold
upon the discrete manifold of visible space. Our sense-
perceptual apparatus is such, that we distort the real uni-
verse (the continuous manifold) into the form of the visible
(discrete) manifold of sense-perception. The result is as if a
distorting mirror were everywhere embedded in space, such
that we see only the distorted reflection, not that which is
reflected. Therefore all inductive-empiricist method is in-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 944, "chars": 6255, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Irinsically false as to principled features of the cause of
In other words, increase of the potential relative popu-
phenomena.
lation density of an economy is the unique experimental
(2) It assumes that least action is straight-line action as
authority for determining what are in fact valid scientific
defined by a naive view of the discrete manifold as self-
conceptions. Any purportedly scientific notion which con-
evidentally reality, whereas the only real form of action in
tradicts such criteria is ipso facto scientific absurdity. Any,
the universe is least action defined by the projection of self-
notion, however correct, which cannot account for itself in
similar-spiral conical action as the isoperimetric principle
these terms of reference, is to that degree scientifically
phenomena.
Spee Tons, it want to ain co and the
illiterate.
This was understood by Leibniz, who developed thermo-
dynamics from the vantage point of his development of
(3) It makes energy and work simply equivalent, and ig-
economic science: his generalization of the implications of.
nores the fact that all action is essentially negentropicwork
the heat-powered machine for increasing the power of an
congruent in principle with increase in the areas of conical
individual operative to perform work. The fact that two
cross-sectional circles defined by a self-similar, harmonic
machines, consuming the same amount of coal per hour,
conical function. It confuses mere effects with work, and
contribute differently to an operative's power to accom-
therefore distinguishes entropy and negentropy as a mere
plish work, is the basis for the notion of technology. 2% 12
construct of such effects, rather than properly recognizing
Technology, in turn, reduces, in the case of machines, to
that effects are singularities of negentropic or entropic ac
the Principle of Least Action: conical functions as we have
tion as primary realities.
indicated here. This is generalized for electromagnetic ac-
These problems vanish once the successive standpoints
tion. Although we have failed to solve this for chemistry
of Gauss and Riemann are adopted.e?
and biology, the terms of mechanical and electromagnetic
This does not signify that we can derive physics simply
work-action have proven adequate even for biological pro-
and directly from the third level of hypothesis. It is merely
cesses. Today, we reduce the formal aspect of technology
a method for effecting improvements in physics, and also
to electromagnetic equivalents, and measure increase in
for judging what is outrightly absurd in existing physics'
productive power per capita in such electromagnetic
doctrines respecting fundamental matters, It is simply a
geometrical terms of reference for measuring technology.
• rigorous way of thinking about the universe, which means
By correlating technology so defined with the work rep-
that a physicist employing such rigor is vastly superior to
resented as increase of potential relative population-density,
one of equal training lacking such rigor.
we correlate technology with economic growth, the latter
properly defined. Thus, we prove that those principles of.
Economics and Physics
discovery generating successive scientific revolutions are
Popular opinion is so much conditioned to confusing
consistent with man's increase of per capita power over the
economics with monetary doctrines, that the connection
universe. That is the ultimate scientific experiment, upon
of economics to physics is simply overlooked or violently
which the authority of all scientific knowledge ultimately,
denied. It is forgotten that modern economiç science was
• depends.
founded by Leibniz, who defined economics as "physical
There is much talk of the function of morality in science,
economy," as did the founding fathers of the United States
a matter which was of great concern to Einstein, but a con-
• (for example, Hamilton's Report On the Subject of Manu-
ception which eluded his grasp, and which thus misled him
factures).
and his associates into many immoral directions. Reason
What we measure, ultimately, in economy, is the relative
and love are inseparable qualities of the Logos. A love of
increase or decrease of the power of a population to sustain
reason (the Logos) expresses itself asa love for the improve-
its own existence. This is best described as the potential
ment of the condition of mankind through technological
relative population-density of a society (economy). This
progress, and a love for that potentiality within each human
measures man's per capita power over nature, and thus
personality which corresponds to the power to develop,
defines what changes in behavior correspond to an in-
assimilate, and apply technological progress. This is loved
crease or decrease in man's knowledge of the lawful order-
not merely because it enables mankind to improve his ma-
ing of the universe.
terial conditions of life, but because this improvement re-
Those changes in behavior which overcome effects of
lies upon the development of those powers of the human
depletion of natural resources, or which advance man-
kind's potential relative population-density absolutely, are
individual which converge upon agreement with the Logos,
with the divine.
increases in technology. Thus, the net work accomplished
The problem of Albert Einstein, in matters of science, is
by society is properly defined as the role of work in mediat-
that he fell in with such political company as the most evil
ing advances in technology for the practice of the society
man of the 20th century, the late Bertrand Russell, as did
as a whole. This form of work is intrinsically negentropic,
the "Dr. Strangelove" of the Pugwash Conference, Leo Szi:
corresponding to the simplest sort of ideal conical function
lard.
indicated above. That is our proper definition of work, and
the proper measure of technology's equivalence to work.
This connection was the discovery the writer effected in
1952 on the basis of implications of Riemann's 1854 habili-
tation dissertation.
Lyndon H. LaRouche, Jr., an economist, is a member of
the board of directors of the Fusion Energy Foundation. He
s curzently candidate forthe Democratic Party presidentia
nomination.
July-August 1984
FUSION
49
