{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-01T18:28:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 22, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 19653183, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304324395000270, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125345-cejka-how-man-transform-the-laws-of-the-universe.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541116040000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125345-cejka-how-man-transform-the-laws-of-the-universe.pdf", "source_sha256": "c2ca274db65cc3954c20c410832e3700d37adff429f74892c7be21134e5238df"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2231, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seuco un pu enegz u
new, but the idea
thie gtule on geff
seet gaut en
Aaue
The Universe Is Negentropic:
How Man Transforms
The Laws of the Universe
by Dr. Jonathan Tennenbaum
Three opposing views of the nature of the Universe have
dominated recorded history to date.
One view, which has grown to virtual hegemony over the
last 100 years, holds that the Universe is a great empty
spacea great "pot-filled with various kinds of objects,
such as particles, force fields, atoms, molecules, planets,
stars, and galaxies. These objects are assumed to beạinter-
connectedạby fixed, unchangeable physical laws, in such
a way that the entire Universe might be likened in its time-
evolution to a gigantic machine.
This view of the Universe seems so natural and self-evi-
dent, that most of us could hardly imagine that it might be
totally wrong! Is it possible that the Universe might be a
completely different sort of being from anything our habit-
ual modes of thought permit us to conceive? Busy with our
daily lives, most of us are happy to hold on to habitual
prejudices concerning the nature of the Universe. We go
through life, so to speak, with a big pot over our head. Not
so for Plato, Nicholas of Cusa, Leonardo da Vinci, Kepler,
and Leibniz. These founders of modern science conceived
of the Universe in a different way, as an "ontological trans-
finiteạa process of creation. The Universe-according to
this view-is not a "thing" or collection of *things," but an
ongoing "composition,* unfolding in agreement with an
invariant creative principle, according to which every mo-
mentary state of creation is limited as to perfection only by
the Jack of what is yet to be created. The Universe contin-
ually' modifies its own characteristics of action, inevitably
diverging from the machinelike behavior prescribed by any
fixed set of mathematical laws.
This quality of development, called "transfinite" by the
19th century Platonic mathematician Georg Cantor, is not
merely a property of the Universe. On the contrary, trans-
finite development is the substance of the Universe; it is
ontologically primary. Man is able, through the exercise of
his divine potential for creative thought and action, to in-
May-June 1964
FUSION
19

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1035, "chars": 6767, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tervene into this process and willfully transform and accel-; the declining Roman Empire's pagan orgies, a revival of
erate it. Thereby, man acts as "God's little helper" in the
Hitler's "Triumph of the (Irrational] Will.* Even qualified
ongoing composition of the Universe. This does not mean
scientists, blinded epistemologically by the suppression of
that the Universe obeys' no law, but rather that the succes-
the *ontological transfinite, fail to recognize this irration-
sive transformations of the universe, corresponding rough-
alist assault within the body of science itself, an assault
ly to ordered series of changing physical laws, are ordered
typified by Nobel laureate Jacques Monod's Chance and
according to an invariant principle, a principle congruent
Necessity and Nobel laureate Ilya Prigogine's New Alliance.
with Plato's Hypothesis of the Higher Hypothesis, the
The purpose of this article is to assist the reader in attain-
*Non-Other* of Cusa, and the "Principle of Sufficient Rea-
ing a grasp of the "ontological transfinite.* In doing so, we
sonại of Leibniz.
hope to make a contribution to the survival of civilization.
As difficult or even obscure as this second view of the
Our discussion proper begins with a proof, developed
Universe might seem to many people today, it constitutes,
by Johannes Kepler on the basis of a line of thought going
demonstrably, the most essential basis of Judeo-Christian
back to Plato's Timaeus dialogue, that the universe is neg-
civilization for two millennia. However, it would be wrong
entropic: The universe as a whole has the same character-
to ascribe the "ontological transfinite" uniquely to Western
istics of self-development that otherwise characterize living
culture, to consider it as a mere religious issue, or other-
organisms. Kepler's proof provides the basis, in turn, for
wise to attempt to circumscribe its domain of application.
elaborating a geometrical language, by whose means the
Not only is the essential conception of the "ontological
distinction between energy and work, crucial to the notion
transfinite" far older-perhaps tens of thousands of years
of the "ontological transfinite, can be precisely formu-
older-than Plato's Academy: This notion is the common
lated. This result is accomplished through an examination
heritage of mankind insofar as man distinguishes himself
of several profound, though entirely elementary contribu-
from the beasts. It forms, in particular, the methodological
tions of Gottfried Leibniz, Karl F. Gauss, Bernhard Rie-
foundation for the entire development of science and tech-
mann, and Georg Cantor. Then, we apply the geometrical
nology, from the very earliest times until today.
language to the consideration of the entire Universe as a
Throughout history, there have been people who dis-
single work-process, a system doing work upon itself so as
liked the notion of the "ontological transfinite, " circles who
to generate new singularities and increase its potential to
devoted and continue to devote tremendous efforts in at-
do work. To pose this point in as provocative a fashion as
tempts to stamp it out of existence. In Greek times, the evil
possible, we have chosen to treat it in the context of a
Hesiod demanded that science and technology be out-
consideration of how mankind might, one day, accomplish
lawed, and concocted a falsification of the ancient saga of
a net change in the laws (or characteristics of action) of the
Prometheus to gain authority for his demand. To this day,
Universe. The article closes with a brief review of the pro-
the successors of Hesiod, the advocates of enslavement of
cess by which, over the last 100 years, the notion of the
the world to the arbitrary will of a tiny oligarchy, have always
ontological transfinite has all but been eliminated from the
regarded the "ontological transfinite" and the included
teaching and practice of science.
Promethean view of man as the most dangerous of all polit-
ical ideas. The *limits to growth" propaganda of the infa-
mous Club of Rome; the efforts of Bertrand Russell and the
Vienna positivists to destroy the Platonic current in conti-
nental science, and the periodic epidemics of religious fun-
damentalism of all kinds, are all products of the millennia-
finite garchical inquisition against the "ontological trans-
Today, this inquisition gloats over what it believes to be
its final victory. A tidal wave of irrationalism threatens to
sweep civilization off the face of the Earth-irrationalism
typified by Ayatollah Khomeini's Islamic Revolution, send-
ing its children and older people to be purified through
human wave assaults against Iraqi machine guns; or by the
blood and soil "Mother Russia" ideology of the Soviet Union,
obsessed by the dream of building a world empire upon
the ruins of Western civilization; or by the so-called peace
movements in the West that demand that what is left of this
great civilization be abandoned, defenseless, to fascist hol-
ocaust. Not content to merely suppress the concept of the
"ontological transfinite within our culture, the oligarchists
have cultivated and propagated a third, irrationalist view of
the Universe, a view that radically rejects any comprehen-
sive lawfulness. Each process has its own lawfulness, inde-
pendent of all others except insofar as it partakes of a myst-
ical "unity of all things.* So, we are witnessing a replay of
Kepler's Proof: The Universe Is Negentropic
In the years 1595-1621, Johannes Kepler assembled con-
clusive proof that the Universe as a whole shares the same
fundamental characteristics of growth and development
that otherwise characterize living processes within the Uni-
verse. In other words, not only does our Universe contain
negentropic processes, but the Universe itself is negen-
tropic, or sell-developing.
Although the proof is experimental, no expensive equip-
ment is required. The necessary crucial experiments were
carried out starting around 500 BC, and completed in their
essentials by Kepler himself at the beginning of the 17th
Experiment Number 1: Determination of the fundamental
characteristics of visual space. This experiment was com-
pleted some years ago by the priests of the Egyptian Temple
of Ammon, and reported on by Plato in the dialogue Ti-
maeus. To set up the experiment, we consider first the
manner in which the processes of the Universe present
themselves to our visual-sensory apparatus. At this level,
we see the Universe in terms of motions of discrete object
images sitting around in empty space (visual space). Call
this manifold of appearances the discrete manifold the
manifold that naive and unsuspecting people often tend to
confuse with the whole Universe. The priest-scientists of
20
FUSION
May-June 1981

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 850, "chars": 5538, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 1
INCIDENCE MATRICES OF THE PLATONIC SOLIDS
Number Number
Number
Soild
Tetrahedron
Cube
Octahedron
Dodecahedron
Icosahedron
of Sides of Edges Vertices per Side
Edges Sides per
Vertex
6
12
12
20
12
3
4
30
30
Tetrahedron
Octahedron
ahedron
Cube
Dodecahedron
the Temple of Ammon posed the question: does the dis-
crete manifold have identifiable, invariant characteristics,
from which conclusions might be drawn concerning the
nature of the Universe?
Considering that the characteristics of a manifold are re-
vealed or expressed by those constructions that are possi
ble or impossible within it, the Ammon investigators ex-
amined the construction of simple symmetric bodies, the
regular solids. The significance of the regular solids is best
located, in terms anticipating the later development of el-
ementary topology, as follows: A body bounded by plane
surfaces possesses four orders of singularities: the body
itself (the interior), the bounding surfaces (faces), the line
segments formed by the intersections of the faces (edges),
and the points formed at the intersections of the edges
(vertices). The simplest case arising for consideration is that
of a "homogeneous" body in which all faces have the same
number of edges, and every vertex adjoins the same num-
ber of faces.
For example, a rectangular box possesses six faces, each
with four edges; each of the eight vertices formed at the
intersections of the edges adjoins three faces. The array of
integers that give the numbers of the various types of sin-.
gularities and their mutual relations (that is, the number of
faces adjioning a vertex) is called the incidence matrix of
the body. Now, we can ask, given a proposed array of num-
bers, is it possible to actually construct a body in discrete
space having the given array as its incidence matrix? If so,
can the construction be realized by a perfectly symmetric
body, a regular solid, in which all faces and edges are iden-
tical?
The Ammon scientists provided the crucial part of the
answer: Out of all conceivable incidence matrices, there
are only five that actually correspond to constructible reg-
ular solids in the discrete manifold! These five types of
solids, now known as the Platanic solids, have the inci-
dence matrices shown in Figure 1.
In the 18th century, Leonard Euler completed the Temple
of Ammon's solution by showing that these five incidence
matrices completely exhaust the possibilities of bodies
(regular or not) constructible in the discrete manifold. In
other words, every homogeneous body that can be con-
structed in the discrete manifold is just one of the five
Platonic solids, possibly deformed out of symmetrical shape
(For example, the rectangular box is a deformed cube). The
five Platonic solids are thus the normalized models of all
constructible homogenous bodies in the discrete mani-
fold
The implications of the Temple of Ammon discovery are
earthshaking. The discrete manifold must be limited in some
way, such that any attempted construction of a "sixth reg-
ular solid runs into a curious obstacle-the discrete mani-
fold is not big enough." The five Platonic solids exhaust
the possibilities of visual space, they are characteristics for
the discrete manifold and its peculiar limitation, its "bound-
ednessạẠạiẠồ
The courageous mind draws a further earthshaking con-
clusion: If the discrete manifold is bounded in a certain way
expressed by the five solids, then the discrete manifold
cannot be the whole Universe; there must be an unseen,
underlying process that generates the discrete manifold in
such a way that its characteristics are those discovered by
the Temple of Ammon, and none other. In particular, phys-
ics like that of Ludwig Boltzmann, which attempts to inter-
pret reality in terms of interactions" between discrete bod-
ies in visual space, is absurd. Reality lies outside the mani-
fold of appearances, in unseen processes that determine
not orily the apparent behavior of discrete objects, but the
form of visual space às a whole.
*Wait a minute! Why must you invoke mysterious, un-
seen forces to explain the Platonic solidsiẠạthe skeptical
reader might askẠThe reason that there are no more reg
ular solids is just because space is three-dimensional; our
space is completely described by a Cartesian coordinate
system, where the position of every point is specified by its
coordinates x, y, z. Space is just the set of all triples (x, y, z)
of real numbers. What could be more basic than that? What
is there to explain? Why do you insist on making everything
so complicated?*
Dear reader, you are suffering from a mind-dulling dis
ease known as *mathematical indifferentism." Just because
something seems self-evidently simple and basic does not
make it so in reality. To the victim of "mathematical indif-
ferentism" nothing could be simpler than a point or a num-
ber, nothing more self-evident than a pointlike "elemen-
tary particle*; yet, in reality, points and numbers are not
simple, and the so-called elementary particles are actually
tremendously complicated. Nicholas of Cusa settled the
issue in 1440 in his epistemological treatise Docta Ignoran
tia: Only the Universe as a whole, reality itself, is elemen-
tary-everything within the Universe is more complicated,
more composite. No part of the Universe can exist by itself;
the existence ofeverything in the Universe is predicated on
the existence of the Universe as a whole, which is the "min-
imumiạthe irreducible quantum of reality. Points exist only
May-June 1984 FUSION
21

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 610, "chars": 4118, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 2
CUSA'S CIRCLE
Nicholas of Cusa's geometrical representation, show-
ing that human reason is not attainable through mere
logical thought: If we attempt to approach a circle
(reason) through construction of polygons with more
and more sides (logical thought), it might be thought
that we would actually get closer and closer to a circle.
Nonsense! A circle has no angles; the more angles we
add to the polygon, the further we are from a circle.
PRODUCING THE FOUR OTHER PLATONIC SOLIDS
FROM THE DODECAHEDRON
If a diagonal is drawn through the pentagonal face of
the dodecahedron, a cube is produced (a). Proceed-
ing in the same way, a tetrahedron can be produced
from the cube (b). If the midpoints of the faces of the
dodecahedron are joined, an icosahedron is pro-
duced (c), and in the same way, an octahedron can
be produced from the cube (d).
as determined singularities of processes; numbers exist
only when some process generates singularities to count
and measure. Three-dimensional Euclidean space only
seems self-evident and elementary to you because your
culture and your state of mind have so far determined that
it should seem so. Science begins, on the other hand, with
the questions: What makes things the way they are and not
some other way? How can we intervene to change them for
the better?
As long as mathematical indifference does not blind us,
the implication of the five Platonic solids is inescapable:
Some process is responsible for the observed characteris-
tics of the discrete manifoldcharacteristics that are
summed up in the existence of no more and no less than
five regular constructible solids in that manifold:
Experiment Number 2: The proportion of the golden sec-
tion. Chief among the proportions defined by the five reg-
ular solids is the golden mean or golden section, which is
expressed mathematically by k, or (1 + VS)/2, or 1.682. The
golden section is found to predominate among the propor-
tions assumed by living processes in the visual domain but
is not found among the proportions typically assumed by
Inorganic processes on the Earth. The investigations lead-
ing to these results were begun in Greek times (or earlier),
investigated in great detail by Leonardo da Vinci and his
mathematics teacher, Luca Pacioli, and completed by Jo-
hannes Kepler.
' Figure 3 shows how all the Platonic solids derive from
one of the solids, the dodecahedron. The pentagonal faces
of the dodecahedron are characterized by the golden sec-
tion proportion, whose basic properties are summed up in
Figure 4. In particular:
(1) The internal symmetries of the pentagon dictate that
if B denotes the diagonal and A denotes the side of the
pentagon, then A:B = B: (A + B) + B. The proportion A:B,
which is uniquely determined by this relation, is called the
golden proportion or golden section (4a).
(2) Successive addition, beginning with a golden propor-
tion A: B and generating A + B = C, B + C = D, C + D =
E, and so on, creates a self-similar geometric series: that is,
a series satisfying A:B = B:C = CD = D:E =, and so on.
This series corresponds to various series of pentagons that
can be generated from a single pentagon by extension (4b).
(3) This form of growth, in which previously generated
dimensions are added in such a way that the sequence of
derived shapes grows by a constant proportion, is called
simple homothetic growth. Such a process always leads to
golden section proportions.
(4) Detailed study of simple living organisms reveals a
wealth of homothetic growth processes and related varia-
tions, Correspondingly the golden proportion is found
throughout nature in the forms of single-celled organisms
(for example, pentagonal plankton), flowers, trees, ani-
mals, and even in man Figure 4 e).
(5) The simplest schemes of population growth-for ex-
ample, the progeny of a pair of rabbits-lead to the so-
called Fibonacci series-1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 11, and so on-
whose successive ratios-1/1, 1/2, 2/3, 3/5, 5/8, and so on-
converge very rapidly to the value of the golden section.
Many-celled organisms governed by such cell-population
22
FUSION May-June 1984

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 560, "chars": 3839, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 4a
THE PENTAGON AND THE GOLDEN SECTION
The proportion B:A of the length of a diagonal of a
pentagon to one of its sides is the golden section. The
triangle that this diagonal makes with two sides of the
pentagon is called a golden triangle. If the sides of
the pentagon are extended, then a larger pentagon is
produced with side (A + B). The proportion (A + B): B
of the length of side of the second pentagon to the
diagonal of the first is also the golden section. The
diagonals of the second pentagon are of length (A +
B + B). The proportion (A + B + B):(A + B) of the
length of these diagonals to the sides of the second
pentagon is also the golden section, so that:
B:A = (A,+ B);B = (A + B + B): (A + B).
This geometrical construction illustrates the simul-
taneous additive and proportionate properties of the
golden section. The progression of lengths in golden
section proportion to each other-A, B, A + B, A + B
+ B-is obtained by addition. If A = 1 and B = k, the
golden section, then 1 + k = k'.
Figure 4b
PRODUCTION OF A SELF-SIMILAR SERIES
FROM A GOLDEN SECTION
Constructed according to the procedure outlined in
4a, every triangle symmetric to the axis of the cone is
a golden triangle.
C= A + B, D = B + C, E = C+ D, and so on, and
A:B = B:C = CD =....
•hierarchical construction of post-1865 physics tumbles to
the ground.
Thanks to the efforts of Kepler, his predecessor Nicholas
of Cusa, and his successors Wilhelm Gottfried Leibniz and
Karl Gauss, we are now in a position to develop a geometri.
cal language-the language of conical functions-by means
growth laws therefore automatically tend toward golden
of which we can formulate precise hypotheses concerning
section proportions. (See Figure 4 f.)
the nature of negentropic processes and work in the Uni-
(6) On the other hand, inorganic bodies such as crystals
verse. We shall now present the essential steps leading to
show no preference for the golden section. Typical sym-
the creation of that language, and return at the end of our
metries in the inorganic domain are cubical and hexagonal,
labors to specify, using that language, how the predicted
not pentagonal. Comparing the hexagonal form of crystals
changes in the laws of the Universe will be accomplished.
such as the snowflake, with the pentagonal form of the
starfish (or simple plankton), Kepler was led to conjecture
Rotation and Work
that the emergence of living organisms was accompanied
In his Harony of the Universe, Kepler expanded his
by a shift away from dead" crystalline hexagonal symmetry
* proof of the negentropy of the Universe to discover the
toward the golden-mean dominated pentagonal symmetry
necessary connection between the underlying action of
(Figure 5).
creation in the Universe and the action of rotation in the
What conclusion must we draw from the above evi-
visible, discrete manifold. Specifically, Kepler observed the
dence? The discrete manifold is characterized as a whole
following: The harmonic ordering of the discrete manifold,
by the dodecahedron-golden mean proportion, a propor-
as expressed by the five Platonic solids, can be entirely
tion that otherwise is shared only by living processes man-
derived from the circle, by rotation. Because the circle itself
ifested &locally within the discrete manifold. Hence, the
is generated by rotation, that means that rotation-taken as
underlying process responsible for the characteristics of
a process of generation-uniquely coheres with the under-
the discrete manifold as a whole must be a growth process
lying negentropic action responsible for the observed char-
akin to that of living organisms. This is Kepler's proof of the
acteristics of the discrete manifold.
negentropic character of the Universe. Given this, the whole
The generation of the elementary geometrical construc-
May-June 1984
FUSION
23

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3828, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 4c
SELF-SIMILAR GROWTH CORRESPONDING
TO THE GOLDEN SECTION
Begin with the smallest rectangle. Adding a square
to a golden rectangle produces another, larger golden
rectangle. Now, add a square to the larger golden
rectangle, producing another. As the figure shows,
this process can be continued indefinitely. The rec-
tangles trace out a logarithmic spiral.
Now look at any intermediate golden rectangle. The
proportion of its longest side to its shortest is the
golden section, k, so that if the short side is 1, the
long side is k. Now add a square to produce another,
larger golden rectangle. This one will have a long side
of (k + 1) and a short side of k, with a proportion
(k + 1):k = k, or (k + 1) = k. This again demonstrates
the additive-proportionate nature of the golden sec-
tion.
tions from rotation is illustrated in Figure 6. First, we gen-
erate a circle. Then, by folding the circle-another rota-
tion-we generate a straight line, the diameter of the circle.
At the same time we have defined the action of one half a
complete rotation (180 degrees). Folding again determines
a second diameter whose intersection with the first deter-
mines a point. Therefore, points are generated by rota-
tions, points are not simple. The center-point requires three
rotations for its determination. The two perpendicular di-
ameters just created divide the circle into four equal arcs,
defining a quarter-rotation (90 degrees) and also generating
a square. A further folding operation (a 1B0-degree rota-
tion) determines points dividing the circle into three equal
arcs, defining an equilateral triangle. A somewhat more
complicated sequence of rotations suffices to generate the
pentagon (Figure 4d). This construction of the pentagon
proves that the golden section proportion is subsumed un-
der the characteristics of rotation, provided that rotation is
regarded as a process of generation. Furthermore, the ro-
tation of a circle around one of its determined diameters
24
FUSION
Mav-lune 1984
Figure 4d
CONSTRUCTION OF THE PENTAGON
The first step in this construction is to make a golden
rectangle with the square. A golden rectangle is one
in which the proportion of its long side to its shorter
side is the goiden section. Fold the square in half, and
then fold the result along its diagonal. If you open the
figure up again and cut along all the creases, you
produce four right triangles. Arrange these triangles
as shown in the second figure above and the result is
that they form two golden rectangles, one on the in-
side of the figure and the other marked by its outside.
Now with three golden rectangles, form a golden tri-
angle as shown in the third figure. Five golden trian-
gles make up a pentagon.
generates a sphere, the primary solid. Additional steps lead
to the five regular solids whose triangular, square, and pen-
tagonal faces have already been constructed.
The procedure just sketched is known in modern times
as synthetic geometry: Starting from a basic law of genera-
tion, we construct a series of constructions, using already
accomplished constructions as tools for further con-
structions. All such further constructions "inherit* the fun-
damental characteristics of the generation process em-
ployed. Kepler insisted that only rotation qualifies as the
basic action of generation in geometry. Indeed, there is no
geometry without the circle, and no circle without rotation.
On the other hand, as the Greek geometers, Nicholas of
Cusa, Luca Pacioli, Kepler, and, later, Jacob Steiner showed,
all of Euclid's geometry is derivable from rotation alone
without recourse to axioms concerning straight lines and
points
*Wait a minute!" the skeptic says, "How can you claim
that rotation generates the geometry of the discrete mani-
fold? After all, how can you have rotation without some-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 395, "chars": 2471, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 4e
THE HUMAN BODY AND THE GOLDEN SECTION
The divisions of the whole body by the navel, and of
the part above the navel by the neck, are determined
by the golden section.
thing that turns, without a center-point and without a space
in which to ratate? Ahal You see, I have caught you in
circular reasoningẠ
Not really. It only appears that way, because you are
accustomed to thinking of rotation in terms of motion of
objects within the discrete manifold. Drop this image for a
moment, and think instead of rotation from the standpoint
of the isoperimetric theorem developed by the Greeks and
redeveloped by Nicholas of Cusa (Figure 7). Imagine, first
quite abstractly, any completed process. Such a process
might be represented, abstractly, by a closed curve-a curve
that returns to its starting-point (completion). Now, think
of the area enclosed within the curve as representing the
work completed by the process; we think of that interior
surface as the total work (creation) generated by the pro-
cess in the course of its completion. The efficiency of the
process is the ratio of the enclosed area (useful work done)
to the length of the closed curve (effort expended to do
work).
Under this representation, the most efficient process for
a given quantity of effort expended is that represented by a
circle; this is the statement of the isoperimetric theorem,
which states that among all closed curves of a given length,
the circle encloses the greatest area. True, the known proofs
of the isoperimetric theorem seem at first sight to assume
as given the determination of lengths and areas, of points
and lines, and so on. However, a closer examination shows
that rotation itself is the only self-evident assumption uti-
Generation
New Born
Young
Dead
Total
Number
of Pairs
2
3
2
1
5
2
B
13
Figure 4f
GROWTH IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE FIBONACCI SERIES
In this simple case, the assumption is made that every
pair (xy) lives for two generations and produces one
pair of young during each generation. Each of these
pairs lives for two generations and dies after produc
ing the second pair of young. If, additionally, each
pair of young consists of a male and female animal,
which again produce two generations of young, then
the growth of this animal population corresponds to
the Fibonacci series.
In the Fibonacci rectangle, the proportions (short
side to long side) of the ordered rectangles approach
the proportion of the golden section.
May-June 1984 FUSION
25

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 719, "chars": 4641, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 4g
TYPICAL INORGANIC CRYSTAL FORMS
Common salt crystal (left); carbon crystal, diamond.
lized. (As for length and area, it is only assumed that they
are invariant under rotation; no numerical value need be
assumed.)
Another way to state the isoperimetric theorem is to say
that the circle corresponds to the least action required to
generate a singularity (the enclosed area). What does this
imply? Aha! It means that we can turn around andồire-
createẠạthe visual space of the discrete manifold, starting
only with the primitive notion of a completed, least action
process as the definition of "rotation.* We "rebuild" the
geometry of space relativistically; that is, everything is de-
fined exclusively by what is imposed by the least action
process itself, working the isoperimetric proof "back-
The reader at this point will probably have noted, perhaps
not without a certain amount of apprehension, that we have
entered a new, unfamiliar realm of thinking. We are defin-
ing space entirely in terms of processes, completely revers-
ing the usual procedure of defining processes in terms of
space and moving objectlike images. We are doing the an-
alogue in geometry of what the great ancient Sanskrit schol-
ar Panini developed as the origin of literate language: Pan-
ini claimed that Sanskrit, in particular, developed exclusive-
ly from verbs as the fundamental building-blocks of lan-
guage. So, Panini derives the nouns from the verbs, rather
than verbs as relationships between nouns, as today's cul-
tural bias would dictate.
Imagine a totally formless void-it has no points, no di-
mension, no up or down, no differentiation whatsoever.
This void is not even a space; it is only potentiality.
Now let our primary rotation act upon this void. A sin-
gularity is created-the primary area-which so far has no
measurable extent or parts whatsoever. Someone looking
into the void might "see this primary area as an irregular,
twisted surface with bumps. From inside the now trans-
formed void, however, as mea
sured "relativistically by the
primary rotation itself, the primary area is perfectly sym-
metrical-
-it has no bumps or other differentiations since
none is definable by least action (least action defines only
one singularity, the primary area itself). Next, let the pris
mary rotation act upon the void once again, this time "fold-
ing the primary area in halliẠiA new singularity emerges,
that which we before identified as the "diameter" of the
circle, a straight line. Now, we have a primary diameter
defined as the result of two successive primary rotations.
Someone might ask: "But isn't there an arbitrary choice
26
FUSION
May-June 1984
here? What determines which of the infinitely many diam-
eters is determined as the primary diameter?* The answer:
There is only one primary diameter, because until some
orientation is imposed by action upon the formless void,
all diameters are the same. Once the primary diameter has
been generated, an orientation exists in the void, against
which further constructions can be "measured. So, the
creation of space continues.
The reader may find this imaginary construction intoler-
ably abstract. From the Standpoint of the ontological trans-
finite, on the contrary, we are doing something very con-
crete: We are developing the means of thinking about the
process of creation, self-reflexively, in terms of creation
We have put aside the realm of mere appearences and
are attempting to conceptualize the underlying reality of
the Universe, the domain of negentropic process known as
the "continuous manifold."
Riemannian Geometry
Anyone who thinks he can learn anything of fundamental
importance from textbooks is a fool. Original contributions
to science have invariably been made by insolent fellows
who scorned textbook knowledge and concentrated on
fundamental questions of method. Such insolent fellows
generally educate themselves by studying the writings of
the most hubristic of their predecessors, with an eye not to
what their predecessors thought, but how they thought.
So it is for the question of the ontological transfinite.
There is not a textbook on Earth that can teach you anything
of significance about the "continuous manifold.* Surely,
the latter was the main preoccupation of the greatest math-
ematical physicists of the last 200 years, particularly Karl
Gauss, Bernhard Riemann, and Georg Cantor. But, al-
though you will find the names of these men throughout
any mathematical physics textbook-Gaussian curvature,
Hexagonal symmetry of a
snow flake
Pentagonal symmetry of an
actinozoa organism
Figure 5
SYMMETRY IN ORGANIC AND INORGANIC LIFE

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3330, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Gaussian distribution, Riemann integral, Riemannian man-
ifold, Riemann mapping theorem, the Cantor set, and so
forth-you will find nothing, or next to nothing, about the
essential ideas that led these scientists to their discoveries.
With insolent disregard for elaborated technical details-
which tell us nothing anyway of fundamental importance
we shall now briefly examine Bernhard Riemann and Georg
Cantor's 1854-1882 attack on the problem of the continu-
ous manifoldỊạiLooking from their vantage point backwards
at the work of Karl Gauss, we shall thereby be advantaged
to appreciate the significance of Gauss's contribution to
the theory of conical functions. It is the conical functions,
discussed in the last section of this article, that provide the
most powerful means so far devised to conceptualize the
"congruent" notions of ontological transfiniteness, neg-
entropy, and the continuous manifold.
Bernhard Riemann is generally regarded by educated sci-
entists as one of the great inventors and masters of the
mathematical methods utilized until now in theoretical
Convex
Figure 6
ELEMENTARY GEOMETRY CONSTRUCTION FROM
THE CIRCLE BY FOLDING (ROTATION)
tion of a straight I
in of a square
Construction of a pentagon
Construction of a point (a) and a ractangle (b)
Figure 7
THE ISOPERIMETRIC PROPERTY OF THE CIRCLE
Jacob Steiner demonstrated, without use of any al-
gebraic axioms, that the circle is that figure which
encompasses a maximum area for a given perimeter.
If it is assumed that another figure has been discov-
ered that has this property, then this must at least be
convex, for otherwise a connecting line could always
be drawn from A to B that increases the area of the
figure and decreases the perimeter.
Take an arbitrary figure. The first step-if it is con-
cave is to transform it into a convex figure by wrap-
ping a string around the figure. This increases the area
by the amount shown but decreases the perimeter.
Therefore, the lst step here is to expand the figure
by a continuous amount along its entire edge to bring
the perimeter back to its original length.
The second step is to make the figure symmetrical.
To do this, divide the perimeter into two parts of equal
length, AB and BA (for example, by measuring the
perimeter with a string and then folding the string in
half. Then the figure can be divided along the straight
line that joins A and B. Choose the larger of two halves.
Cut the other half out and rotate the chosen half 180
degrees from A to B. Then a symmetrical figure is
produced with the perimeter of the original figure and
possibly with a greater area. If the new figure is no
longer convex, it can be made so by application of the
first step.
Next, fold the resulting figure in half twice (as in the
illustration) creating the points A, B, C, and D. Join
them with straight lines. They will form eithera square,
or a rhombus parallelogram as shown. If it is a square,
we are finished and have transformed the figure into
a circle. If it is a rhombus, then the area of the figure
can be increased by * straightening" the rhombus into
a square, while the the perimeter does not change.
If this procedure is repeated, then the figure will
get closer and closer ta a circle. The circle is the only
figure whose area cannot be increased in this way.
May-June 1984
FUSION
27

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 4247, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
physics. As a matter of fact, Riemann's more significant
contribution was to prove that these standard mathematical
methods don't work!
The crucial experiment involved was reported by Rie-
mann in an 1859 paper titled "On the Propagation of Plane
Air Waves of Finite AmplitudeiạiTo a first approximation,
an ordinary sinusoidal sound wave propagates with un-'
changed form thorugh the air. Under certain conditions,
however, an intense sinusoidal air wave will change its form
as it moves, transforming itself into what Riemann called a
Verdichtungsstoff, a shock front across which a discontin-
uous change of pressure occurs (Figure 8). This is essen-
tially the same as the familiar sonic boom caused by super-
sonic aircraft. Up to the point of formation of the shock
front, the propagation of the wave appears to be adequately
described by the usual differential equations of hydrody-
namics. At the formation of the shock front, however, the
hydrodynamic equations break down-some of the param-
eters assume infinite values and the further behavior of
the wave becomes, from the standpoint of the earlier ap-
parently valid equations, indeterminate. The process has
assumed new characteristics; a singularity has been formed.
The newly formed shock front behaves differently; it is able
to do new things, to perform forms of physical work that
the original wave could not.
Eurekal Riemann with his crucial experiment brought out
a universal law of the continuous manifold: The underlying
processes of the Universe have the potential to fundamen-
tally change their characteristics of action through the me-
diation of singularities-what appear in the discrete, visible
manifold as individuals (for example, a shock wave). At
the same time new potentialities, or &degrees of freedom,"
are opened up for further transformations. The same law of
the continuous manifold is revealed in the familiar phase
changes in matter, such as the freezing of water, where the
transformation from liquid to solid is accompanied by the
appearance of a new singularity-type, the water crystal.
The breakdown of the standard hydrodynamical equa-
fions at the point of formation of Riemann's shock front is
caused by no specific fault of these particular equations.
Rather, the transformations of the continuous manifold
constantly tend to "diagonalize" any fixed set of equations
in a manner described by Georg Cantor.
If ordinary mathematical physics breaks down at all the
really interesting points, what kind of mathematics must we
then develop to help us master the continuous manifold?
Riemann showed the way to the required "mathematics
of negentropy" in his 1854 essay "On the Hypotheses Upon
Which Geometry Is BasedạThe general theory of higher-
order manifolds, developed by Riemann in that paper, is
generally viewed as the basis for Einstein's discovery, some
50 years later, of relativity theory. This is true, but Einstein
and almost everybody else stupidly refused to recognize
the most shocking, most revolutionary point in Riemann's
essay: Throw away all geometrical axioms, insists Riemann,
to anyone willing to listen; the only admissible basis for
geometry is the process by which a manifold of order n is
transformed into a manifold of order n + 11 The subject of
geometry is not a point, nor a line, nor a surface, nor a
solid, but the process of transformation from point, to line,
28
FUSION
May-June 1984
Figure 8
RIEMANNIAN SHOCK WAVES
The model and diagram show the production of an
acoustical shock wave as Riemann had predicted in
his 1859 paper.
to surface, to solid and so on (see Figure 9). That is, the
proper subject of geometry is negentropy.
Actually, Riemann's point was more than implicit in Wil-
helm Gottfried Leibniz's creation of the infinitesimal cal-
culus. Leibniz's chief point of departure was Pascal's study
of the orders of generation of number-series. So, for ex-
ample, we can regard the series 1,2, 3, 4, 5,.. . as a series
of the first order; 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, . . . that is, the series of
squares, as a series of the second order; and 1, 8, 27, 64,
125,.. as a series of the third order. We can also consider
Pascal's triangular array:
1
2
10
as a series of growing, increasing order, a series of series.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 4093, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Now, look at the successive differences of the series terms
as corresponding to the process of transformation from
one term to the next
series: 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64
differences: 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15,
The derived series of differences 3, 5, 7, and so on, rep-
resents a changing process of transformation for the origi
nal series. Taking the differences of the derived series, you
find
derived series: 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15,.. .
differences: 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, .
Thus, the derived series has an invariant law of transfor-
mation; each term is derived from the preceding by addi-
tion of 2. Now reversing the preceding derivation, we can
reconstruct the original series by *integration; that is, suc-
cessive summation:
o, O, 0, 0, O, 0,
invariant law: 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2,.
first "integral": 1,3, 5,7, 9, 11, 13, 15,
second integral: 0, 1,4, 9, 16, 25,36, 49, 64,..
Any victim of modern mathematical analysis courses
should immediately recognize the origin of differential and
integral calculus in the operation of formation of differ-
ences, and the reverse process of summation. However,
the essential point has yet to be stated: Where do these
series of numbers come from?
In science-as opposed to superstitious pastimes of
*number magic® such as lotto or corrupt statisticians' con-
coctions of "economic indicators"-numbers arise from
the counting of singularities. In fact, Pascal and Leibniz left
no room for doubt on this question: their number series
were intended to study the characteristics of negentropic
processes, by counting singularities generated by process-
es of the type of Riemann's "n to n + 1" transformation of
manifolds.
Figure 9 illustrates various simple examples of the geo-
metrical origin of the Leibniz-Pascal difference series. As an
elementary physical example, consider the growth of crys-
tals through the addition of new layers of molecules while
maintaining the same overall shape; the molecules are sin-
gularities of the growth process. Now what happens when
a chemical change modifies the crystalline growth pattern
of a substance? We have a transformation of the associated
difference series. This is, implicitly, the method followed
by Mendeleev in his discovery of the periodic system of
elements.
The Fibonacci series and the series associated with a self-
similar growing pentagon provide further, higher-order ex-
amples (Figure 4),
The Leibniz-Pascal work anticipates the principal ques-
tion raised by Riemann in his "Hypotheses" paper: How do
we measure negentropy? What is the metric in an expand-
ing Riemannian manifold? All measurement, Riemann not-
Figure 9
RIEMANNIAN TRANSFORMATIONS N TO N + 1
ed, involves the generation and counting of singularities-
there is no passive measurement, no measurement with-
out transformation. (If more physicists had read Riemann,
fewer would have fallen for Niels Bohr and Werner Heisen
berg's so-called epistemological paradox: the claim that
because any measurement necessarily changes the process
being measured, objective knowledge is therefore impos-
sible.) On the contrary, we are delighted when we accom-
plish a change in a physical process. transforming the Uni-
verse is what science is all about! Scientific knowledge is
knowledge bearing on the transformation of physical pro-
cesses.
If the continuous manifold, in a given stage of develop-
ment, is dominated by a series of process-singularities 5,,
S,.. i then any transformation of the continuous mani-
fold, including the emergence of a new process-singularity,
will be reflected in changes in the characteristics of action
of SạS,.. in terms of the singularities they generate within
the visible, discrete manifold; hence, ultimately in the dif-
ference series of numbers counting singularities in the dis-
crete manifold. But, what happens between two successive
terms in such a difference series? What happens in the
interval during which no new visible singularities have yet
appeared? The continuous manifold is in the act of evolving
new characteristics of action, but the transformation is not
May-June 1984 FUSION
29

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 1001, "chars": 6669, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
completed-we don't "see* it yet, it is an infinitesimal rel-
ative to our metric. This is the origin and true meaning of
Leibniz's infinitesimal quantities" dx, ax, &x, and of the
term infinitesimal calculus."
Our revelation of the original significance of Leibniz's
infinitesimals will probably send some professional math-
ematicians and some others-into an apoplectic fit! The
reason is, that during the early decades of the 19th century,
the Jesuit August Cauchy undertook to destroy Leibniz's
conceptions, by replacing the infinitesimals by aạtheory of
limits." In Cauchy's concoction, there is no generation of
singularities, only the lifeless, banal continuity of the real
number system, the supposed continuous process of a small
real number becoming smaller and smaller until&Ạ¿n the
limit" it becomes equal to zero. In mathematics education
this takes the form of a pagan ritual, an act of supplication
to the Buddha-like figure of August Cauchy known as
*checking through an epsilon-delta proof.* After perform-
ing this ritual for several years, the unfortunate victim of
Cauchyism can no longer rid himself of the fanatical belief
that the limit process of continuous convergence to zero is
the ultimate reality of the Universe.
Nonsense! Cauchy's form of simple continuity has no
counterpart in reality: The so-called real numbers should
be renamed artificial numbers. The only numbers de-
serving the name real" are the counting numbers, which
count singularities, and the complex numbers correspond-
ing to the elementary negentropic functions, which we shall
introduce shortly in the section on conical functions.
In the context of Leibniz's true infinitesimals, the mystery
surrounding the famous "quantum of action" disappears.
Strictly speaking, there is no such thing as one half of a
singularity! There is only one, two, three, and so on, sin-
gularities. The generation of identifiable individuals-as
processes, or the objectlike "shadow"-images of processes
in the discrete manifold-is just that: generation of whole,
completed individuals. A rotation of 180 degrees does not
enclose one-half of a circle; it encloses nothing. Contrary
to statistical fictions, it is not possible to employ one-third
of a worker, or to generate power from three-fourths of a
nuclear power plant. What happens when a living cell di-
vides? When can we say that there are two cells, rather than
one? Obviously, only when we can count two complete,
functioning, living cells.
There is only one condition under which it is permissible,
by a figure of speech, to associate fractional, noninteger
numbers to the ongoing generation of a singularity: that is,
when the process of completion of generation of the sin-
gularity is mediated by the generation of countable lower-
order singularities, thereby dividing the original action
of creation. So, the growth of an organism is mediated by
the division of its cells. But, beyond the finest available
division of singularities in the continuous manifold, there
can only be a jump" from one terref a number series to
the next: the corresponding, least division of action in the
quantum of action.
Cantor's Transfinite and the Curvature of the Universe
Had Albert Einstein been confronted with the full impli-
cations of Riemannian geometry, it would have-to use the
30
FUSION May-June 1984
now proverbial expression-"blown his mind." By the time
Einstein entered the university, the operations of Helm-
holtz and others had largely succeeded in obliterating all
traces of the ontological transfinite from the teaching and
practice of theoretical physics.
Riemann's methodological ideas might have been com-
pletely lost had it not been for the work of Riemann's stu-
dent Ceorg Cantor. Cantor elaboraled exactly those as-
pects of Riemann's work that were most hated and feared
by the Jesuits, by the Viennese, and by British philosophical
barbarians such as Bertrand Russell. Therefore, Cantor was
subjected to one of the most intense campaigns of slander,
isolation, and abuse in the history of science. Bertrand Rus-
sell, for example, took large amounts of time from his busy
schedule of evildoing to try to bury and distort Cantor's
work. So was born the monumental 1901 Principia Mathe
matica of Russell and Whitehead, a book on mathematical
logic that set the stage for the disastrous "new math" and
set theory" brainwashing imposed on millions of school-
children after the 1960s educational reforms. Russell wished
to ensure that no one even capable of comprehending the
ontological transfinite could ever emerge from the world's
school systems.
Fortunately, these operations were not entirely success-
ful-otherwise you would not be reading this article right
now. Cantor's ideas continued in the work of the late Pro-
fessor Kurt Gödel, who, in his famous 1931 "Incomplete-
ness TheoremiẠạidemolished the attempts of the positivists
to deny the transfinite quality of the human mind and equate
mathematics with a formal-logical lattice structure. Unfor-
tunately, a proper understanding of Gödel's work and its
implications remained restricted to a very small circle among
his students, owing in part to the circumstance that the
ruling positivists, refusing to acknowledge that they had
been demolished, continued to preach the identity of the
human mind with a large digital computer.
In the 1950s, the American economist Lyndon H. La-
Rouche, Jr. rediscovered the broader significance of the
Riemann-Cantor work, while attempting to refute the
Wiener-Shannon information theory approach to human
intelligence and find a mathematical apparatus capable of
describing the effect of technological revolutions on an
economy. Realizing the implications of Riemann-Cantor for
mathematical physics, LaRouche later set in motion an in-
ternational science project directed at reviving the Riemann-
Cantor method of the "ontological transfinite* in mathe-
matical physics around the concrete tasks of mastering the
plasma physics of controlled nuclear fusion, relativistic beam
physics, and the process of life and aging. The work em-
bodied in this article grew out of LaRouche's efforts.
Cantor's work is crucial because it explodes any attempt
to submerge Riemannian geometry in the tiny, flat world of
algebraic formalism. In particular, no one who understands
Cantor can possibly fall for the commonplace characteri-
zation of Riemann's geometry as a mere generalization of
Euclidean geometry to the case of more than three dimen-
The first crucial point is that a single process-singularity
may subsume a potentially infinite series of lower-order
singularities. This is illustrated by the geometrical differ-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 692, "chars": 4908, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ence series and by the golden mean pentagon generation
of infinitely extendable self-similar series. It is already im-
plied by the fact that the circle, considered from the stand-
point of rotation, subsumes an infinite series of polygons,
in particular the polygons of 4, 8, 16, 32,... sides obtained
from the circle by successive foldings. Cantor called this
kind of singularity an actual infinite.
The second point is that in the Riemannian transforma-
tion N to N + 1, the number Nis not an ordinary whole
number counting objects or even mathematical dimen-
sions, but is what Cantor called a transfinite ordinal, a num-
ber defining an order of singularities. Recall the Leibnizian
difference series corresponding to growing line segments,
growing squares and growing cubes (Figure 9). The first
series we assigned the ordinal "1," the second "2," and the
third *3.* Each successive growth process corresponds to a
faster rate of growth in the difference series. Now, consider
the entire array of difference series of order 1, 2, 3, and so
on:
x: 1,2,3,4,5, 6,...
1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36,
×*:
x°:
1, 8, 27, 64, 125, 218,
1, 16, 81, 256, 625, 1308,.
All of these series belong to a class or order of singulari-
ties defined by a geometric process of expansion; denote
this order of process-singularities by N. Next, consider the
column series 2, B, 8, 16, 32, . ..; 3, 9, 27, 81, . ... These
are exponential series, corresponding to simple exponen-
fial growth. Each of these series grows faster than any of the
row series belonging to class N. Denote, therefore, the
class of simple exponential series by N + 1. Finally, consid-
er series such as the "diagonal" series 1, 4, 27, 256, ...
corresponding to the mathematical function x°. This series
grows faster than any of the series of order N, and faster
than any of the simple exponential series (order N + 1).
Denote the order of these diagonal series by N + 2. Now
think about the implications of the transformations N →
N + 1 → N + 2. Think about how an entire series of orders
of singularities N, N + 1, N + 2, N + 3,... might be
subsumed within a "super* ordering principle M, and how
the preceding consideration of diagonals and columns might
generate new orders of orders, M + 1, M + 2, and so forth.
Finally, consider the highest, invariant principle which con-
tinually leads beyond any order of singularity to higher
orders. Now you have some notion of Cantor's idea of the .
transfinite. Is this a mere abstraction? Is Cantor's transfinite
just a fantastical construct fluttering around in our heads?
Is it a mere mathematical tool for solving equations? No!
The Universe itself is ordered this way.
Decisive proof of this is furnished, as LaRouche points
out, by economic science: by the great experiment" of
man's physical existence by means of his productive activity
within the Universe.
The basis of economic science is the observation that
technological revolutions are necessary for the continued
existence of the human species. Every order of technol-
Uniled Nations
Decisive proof of Cantor's transfinite is provided by the
economic "great experiment*: man's continued physical
existence by means of his productive activity within the
Universe. Here, a desalination research project in Kuwait,
designed to supply fresh water for a growing population in
a country that is oil-rich but water-short.
ogies, developed by society at a given point of its existence,
defines certain aspects of nature as "resources. Now, as a
result of what might be described as the "curvature of
nature, or of the peculiar * curved* characteristics of man's
relationship to nature (namely, that the rate of negentropy
in a growing society exceeds that of the surrounding inor-
ganic and organic nature), continued utilization of a fixed
range of technologies eventually leads to a marginal ex-
haustion of resources. This manifests itself, prior to the
actual physical disappearance of the resources in question,
by a rise in the social costs of mining or equivalent activities
required to access the resources. Therefore, unless new
technologies are created, opening up a new resource base
for the economy, society would "run down* and eventually
collapse in mass starvation and disease. How do we get
these necessary new technologies?-through the progress
of science.
The progress of scientific knowledge occurs in succes-
sive sets of "higher hypotheses*-fundamental break-
throughs, in which preceding more or less axiomatic as-
sumptions are overthrown in favor of better, more correct
assumptions. Thus, fundamental progress occurs as a se-
quence of mutually contradictory sets of hypotheses.
After the discovery of a new set of higher hypotheses, a
scientific and technological revolution occurs. There is a
more or less vast elaboration of simple hypotheses*: dis-
coveries and improvements in practice based axiomatically
May-June 1984 FUSION
31

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 749, "chars": 4800, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Figure 10
THE GAUSS-OLBERS PARADOX
The Gauss-Olbers Paradox is a proof that the universe is finite
in mere extent. It demonstrates that if the universe were infi-
nite, the night sky would not be dark but of infinite, blinding
intensity. To the believers in an infinitely expanding universe
created from a "big bang, " this proof is *paradoxical"; in other
words, they refuse to accept it.
The amount of light reaching an observer on the Earth from
any direction is dependent on the number of stars in that gen-
eral direction. If you first assume that the average density of
stars in space is constant, then if the universe is infinite in
extent, there will be an infinite number of stars in any direction
from any point on the Earth. Therefore, an infinite amount of
light will strike the Earth from any direction so that the night
sky will never be black.
Divide space into a series of concentric spherical shells about
the Earth, going outwards. The number of stars contained in
one shell of radius R and thickness d will be approximately
proportionate to the volume of the shell. Imagine that from
the Earth outwards space is filled with such concentric shells,
with continually increasing radil, always of thickness d; the
observer is at their common midpoint O. The volumes of a shell with radius R is proportional to the surface of the
sphere with radius R multiplied by the thickness of the dome, d. Since the surface grows with the square of R, the
shelf volume-and thus the number of stars in the dome -grows proportionally to d x R
The energy density of the light that reaches point O from a star of distance R decreases with the square of the
distance, thus 1/R. The total energy density that the stars in a dome with radius R produce at point O is thus in the
order of magnitude of
(number of stars in the dome) × 1/R° = (d × R') × 1/R' = d.
Thus, for greater values of R, each additional shell makes approximately the same contribution to the energy density.
observed at O. If we add the contributions of an infinite series of shells, then we will have an energy density at O of
infinite value.
on the assumptions of the new higher hypotheses. (We
might think of-the last 50 years of development of the au-
tomobile as a paradigm for "simple hypothesis®.). Text-
books are written, educational programs reformed, new
industries called into life, and so forth. As a resuit, society
takes a leap forward in productivity.
But, although the hierarchical elaboration of simple hy-
potheses might theoretically go on forever, society cannot
continue to exist in this way. For, although simple hy-
potheses may lead to improvements in the existing range
of technologies-for example, the modern car as compared
to Ford's Model T-mere elaboration of knowledge leads
eventually to technological stagnation, and via stagnation
to collapse under the pressure of marginal exhaustion of
resources. Hence, the continued existence of mankind re-
quires an unending series of scientific-technological revo-
lutions, based on overthrowing existing accumulations of
simple hypotheses and introducing new, higher hypothe-
ses. higher orders of knowledge. Now, think through what
has just been said from the standpoint of Cantor's transfin-
ite. The history of progress in scientific hypothesis, the
history of technological progress, and the history of society
in periods of scientific-technological progress, are all or-
dered in the same "transfinite* manner. Cantor's invariant
principle of transfinite generation corresponds exactly to
32
FUSION
May-June 1984
Plato's *hypothesis of the higher hypothesis, the principle
of human creative discovery by means of which the ordered
series of successive higher hypotheses for continued hu-
man existence is generated.
If human progress is ordered according to the transfinite,
then what about the Universe as a whole? What does the
existence and transfinite development of man within the
Universe tell us about the form of the Universe itself? Ke-
pler's proof already gives us the beginning of the answer.
But we can go a step further, and demonstrate a most pro-
vovative thesis: Man's "transfinite" activity will eventually
lead him to transform the Universe itself, to change the
laws of the Universe.
Conical Functions
Up to the recent period, man's productive activities have
basically imitated nature. Man has identified, reorganized,
assembled, and ordered into networks of production, fun-
damental physical processes that do occur elsewhere on
other planets, in stars, and in those portions of the bio-
sphere not controlled by man. However, this need not re-
main the case.
We must assume that our solar system, our entire galaxy,
and so forth, are all developing, producing a kind of
development that is beneficial to the rest of the Universe.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 912, "chars": 5893, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
With the emergence of life and especially human activities
on Earth, this seemingly slow, seemingly diffuse negen-
tropic process of the Universe appears locally" to have
accelerated tremendously. Now, through the crash devel-
opment of beam technologies and of nuclear fusion, man.
will soon command energy densities hundreds of times
larger than those of any process found in our solar system,
and perhaps even in our galaxy. Is it not possible that man's
productive activity will one day generate a shock wave in
the Universe, cause a singularity that will transform the
characteristics of fundamental processes of nature?
Archimedes seemed to have this possibility in mind when
he said, "give me a place to stand and I will move the world.*
Archimedes also implied, as Plato had already stated before
in the Timaeus, that the creation of the Universe is not
finished. In particular, in his brilliant treatise *The Sand
Calculation,* Archimedes claims by implication that the
Universe is essentially finite-its development up to now
can be measured by a very "large," but in principle specifi-
able number N. Cantor's transfinite numbers define more
precisely the notion of " finiteness* implied by Archimedes'
argument. Ostensibly, the subject of theạẠSand Calcula-
tionạwas to settle a long-standing controversy of Ar-
chimedes' time as to whether or not a specifiable upper
bound could be given for the number of grains of sand that
might fill the sphere of the fixed stars-whose radius Ar-
chimedes identifies with the orbit of the then-known other
planet, Saturn. Today's scientific piofessionals, with their
typically tiny minds, would for the most part dismiss Ar-
chimedes' proof as a triviality. They would thereby miss
three essential points embedded in Archimedes' method,
which touch on the most fundamental scientific questions
concerning the Universe:
- (1) The measurability of the macrosphere (the sphere of
the fixed stars) by the microsphere (the grain of sand), of
the largest (then specifiable) singularity in visible space by
the smallest singularity, means not only that the Universe
is in some sense bounded in the large and in the small. It
implies further a connection, a coherence between the fin-
est and largest divisions in the Universe.
(2) The possibility of specifying a number far beyond
anything that could ever be in practice reached by simple,
one-by-one counting of objects depends on the construc-
tion of self-similar, exponential series of orders of magni
tude. Archimedes' construction anticipates not only the
modern decimal system of number-notation (based on the
self-similar series 1, 10, 100, 1000,.. .) but also anticipates
the modern physicist's use of orders of magnitude to spec-
ify characteristic length scales for physical processes. The
fact that the Universe indeed manifests such self-similar
series of characteristic scale-lengths implies that the gen-
eration of such series for number-notation coheres with
the underlying negentropic process of the Universe. As we
shall see, the best expression of this is to say that least action
In the Universe is self-similar spiral action.
(3) Archimedes had a serious reason for "collapsing" the
Universe outside our solar system onto the "sphere of the
fixed stars." A very simple observation demonstrates that
contrary to the naive impression that visual space (and,
therefore, for the naive, the Universe) is limitless, in fact
Figure 11
/CYLINDRICAL WORK AND NEGENTROPIC WORK
A helix on a cylinder (left) represents the virtual work
of a system, that required to keep the system operat-
ing, without producing any free energy or accom
plishing net work. The ratio between the circular area
that the spiral sweeps out and its rate of rise for, work
per unit energy) is constant.
A self-similar spiral on a cone (right) represents the
production of net work The ratio between the circular
area that the spiral sweeps out and its rate of rise
increases. Net work is accomplished by a combina-
tion of rotation and extension.
the entire material Universe must be organized in a space-
manifold essentially equivalent to a sphere of finite radius.
The observation is known today as the Gauss-Olbers para-
dox, although it was almost certainly well known to Ar-
chimedes (Figure 10). In fact, the calculation required was
made by Archimedes in the&Sand Calculation.
Do the following experiment. Look up at the sky on a
clear night. What do you see? The sky is black. Now sup-
pose that the Universe were really infinite, and that (there
being then no reason to the contrary) there were an infinite
number of stars, distributed roughly uniformly in all direc-
tions throughout infinite Euclidean space. On that assump-
tion, one can easily calculate how much light would come
from any direction to an observer looking up at the sky. The
result of the calculation is astonishing: If the Universe were
infinite in the same specified sense, then a uniform, blind-
ing white light of infinite intensity would meet the observer
from every direction. So, since the sky is not white but
black, our Universe must be finite.
The other proofs of the finiteness of the Universe deserve
brief mention at this point. One is implied by the simplicity
of language, as language was understood by the tradition
of the classical Sanskrit grammarian Panini. Although the
number of words in literate language may have grown in
the course of the development of civilization, nevertheless,
the generation of new words out of verbal roots occurred
according to a quite small finite number of language prin-
ciples. Because, on the one hand, literate language has
shown itself to be efficient in its development, to mediate
man's increasing mastery over the Universe there must be
some correspondence between the principles of language
and the order of the process-singularities underlying the
May-June 1984
FUSION
33

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 637, "chars": 4153, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N + 2
Figure 12
SELF-SIMILAR CIRCLES DETERMINED N +
BY A SELF-SIMILAR SPIRAL
A self-similar, or logarithmic spiral (left)
is characterized by a constant angle of
slope e-the angle of inclination that
the spiral makes at a given point P with
the radial line L, which runs from the
apex of the cone through point P.
A self-similar series of expanding cir-
cles (right) represents the Riemannian
transformation from N to N + 1.
measurable action of the Universe. The order of complexity
of literate language, thereforé, must be, in some sense, in
correspondence with the "Archimedes number® N for the
Universe.
The second proof, more familiar to physicists, is Planck's
discovery of the least quantum of action. If we start with a
given quantity of action, there is a limit to how finely that
action can be divided, a smallest wavelength at which that
action might be manifest as a simple, continuous electro-
magnetic wave. Were this not the case, we would have an
*ultraviolet catastrophe" the equivalent in terms of wave-
length to the Gauss-Olbers paradox for the amplitude of
radiation in the Universe. Namely, if action were infinitely
divisible in the Universe, we should expect initially red light
to be transformed successively into shorter wavelengths-
through the visible spectrum, from blue to ultraviolet, and
from there into X-rays and gamma rays-like the water wave
in a pond created by tossing in a stone, which breaks up
upon reflection at the shore into smaller and smallerạẠwave-
letsiạ So, why do we see anything but high-energy gamma
rays in the Universe? Because the Universe is finitely divid-
ed, not infinitely divided, in terms of action. In that sense,
the Universe is finite.
Therefore, we must conclude with Plato and Archimedes
that the Universe is finite, though growing and developing.
Implicitly, this means that man might assist in accelerating
or changing the direction of that development. But how?
Let us now consider action on the Universe. We return
for that purpose to the previous discussion of creation in
terms of rotational action on a formless potential void. That
discussion was fine for the first steps of creation. But how
must we think about a series of acts of creation, each acting
on the entirety of previous creation to adjoin" a new
34
FUSION
May-June 1984
process-singularity? We must perform a geometric integra-
tion.
There are two cases to consider. Let us consider a circular
area as representing the work done in creating the Universe
so far, corresponding to a certain Archimedes number N of
global degrees of freedom of negentropic action. First, we
may consider the action required to maintain the Universe
in its present form. There is one unique geometrical image
corresponding to this situation: a cylinder with the given
circular cross-section (Figure 11) and a helix on the cylinder.
The helix represents continued, repeated rotation without
additional work done. The volume contained between the
circular sections in one rotation represents theẠienergy of
the Universe*-the action required to maintain the Uni-
verse at its present state of development. The resulting
circular section at the end of a rotation is identical to the
original oneno new singularity. The simplest manifesta-
tion of this would be a sinusoidal wave. In a more compli
cated Universe, the appearances might look quite differ-
ent, but basically things are just moving around, in an elab-
orate projection of what is ultimately equivalent to a sinu-
soidal wave.
How does action look in the Universe for this case? First,
we have a global, process-singularity S, of order equal to
the Archimedes number N, which subsumes all other exist-
ing or potentially generated singularities for the mode of
existence of the Universe maintained by the cylindrical ac-
tion in question. Second, we have a division of that global
action in terms of nested chains of subsumed process-
singularities, down to the least action which manifests itself
in the discrete manifold. Such least action corresponds, as
we saw at the end of the preceding section on Riemannian
geometry, to a single, indivisible rotation-cycle in terms of

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3533, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a Projection of elliptical cuts through the cylinder and cone
Cylinder
Cone
Projection
Projection
Figure 13
CONICAL VERSUS CYLINDRICAL
ACTION
• The shift from cylindrical to conical action
produces a shift in the characteristics of
action. The qualitative difference be-
tween cylindrical and conical action is seen
in the projections of elliptical cuts through
the cylinder and cone (a). The cut through
the cylinder projects as a circle; that is,
cylindrical action does not transform the
universe. The conic section, however,
projects as an ellipse, whose perihelion is
the radius of the cone's circular cross-sec-
tion at the base of the cut and whose
aphelion is the radius of the circular cross-
section at the top of the cut. The ellipse
demonstrates the transformations pro-
duced by conical action.
The shift from one to the other is char-
acterized by a "splitting up of every sin-
gular characteristic (singularity) of the cir-
cle (b): Its center goes over into two foci
in the ellipse, its radius into perihelion
and aphelion, the diameter into major and
minor axes, and the constant curvature
into maximum and minimum curvatures.
b Transformation produced by
cylindrical and conical
acton
some lower-order process-singularity p. Hence, there must
exist a finite number of process-singularities, P..
where n is the number of degrees of freedom-such that
any division of action is equivalent-up to an unobservable
fraction of the least quantum-to a combination of the form
., a, are counting numbers counting the
number of rotation-cycles accomplished by the corre-
sponding process-singularities. According to Archimedes
principle, there must be a lawful correspondence between
the order N of the global-singularity 5, the number of de-
grees of freedom n, and the maximum number of cycles of
the microsingularities Pi. P, which fit into" a single
cycle of cylindrical action for the whole Universe (corre-
sponding to the minimum wavelength or maximum fre-
quency attainable in division of a single global cycle of
action). These relationships characterize theẠlaws of the
Universeạiin the given mode.
In actuality, the only hypothesis coherent with Kepler's
proof is that, strictly speaking, no purely cylindrical action
exists. What appears to be mere maintainance of the laws
of the Universe as we observe them, is, in fact, a relatively
slow rate of change of those laws, a slow rate of negentropy
relative to the time scale of human observation.
Therefore, we must consider a second type of action:
negentropic action of the Universe upon itself to generate
a new, global process-singularity. There is one unique, sim-
plest geometrical image corresponding to this form of ac-
tion: rotation acting upon a circular area, to generate a
larger circular area (Figure 11). This action generates a con-
ical volume, as opposed to the cylindrical volume consid-
ered above; the lower circle represents the new singularity,
and the conical volume is the work done to create the new
singularity. Instead of the helix on the cylinder, we have a
spiral, accomplishing a single turn around the cone in pass-
ing from the lower to the upper circle, and representing
the negentropic action of combined rotation and expan-
sion.
Circle
Center: f
Radius: r
Diameter: d
Constant curvature
Cylindrical Action
Ellipse
Foci: f., I,
Parihalion: r,
Aphelion: r,
Major axis: d,
Minor axis: d,
Inflection points in maximum and
minimum curvature occur at the
end points of the major and minor
axes.
Conical Action
May-June 1984 FUSION
35

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 883, "chars": 5749, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
How, then, must we view a continuing series of negen-
lower circle and whose aphelion corresponds with the ra-
tropic action? In the simplest normalized case, we obvious-
dius of the upper circle. The creation of a new global sin-
ly have a cone with a series of circular sections propor-
gularity in conical action is reflected in the " splitting* of the
tioned in a self-similar series according to the golden mean
unit-singularities of the circle into pairs of singularities for
(Figure 12). The apex-angle of the cone corresponds to the
the ellipse.
rate of negentropy, the ratio of work of creation of new
Next, consider the nature of willful intervention to in-
singularities to the "maintenance-energy* of the Universe
crease the rate of negentropy of the Universe.
in a given mode. The continued negentropic action corre
sponds to a spiral making one turn of rotation between each
Approximate the prevailing, relatively slow rate of neg-
entropy by a cylindrical function of the type described above.
set of circles. There is exactly one form of spiral that accom-
To change the laws ofthe Universe, we must transform that
plishes this in a least action manner-the so-called self-
cylindrical action into negentropic, conical action. These
similar spiral characterized by a constant angle of ascent to
two forms of action afford us the rigorous distinction be-
any radial line from the apex of the cone. (Any other type
tween mere energy (cylindrical action) and work (conical
of spiral requires additional determinations, beyond the
action). Our task is to induce that action that now appears
self-similar series of circles, to account for its deviation
as *energy of the Universe" to do work on the Universe,
from an invariant law of ascent.)
thereby increasing the energy of the Universe in the new
Comparing this case to the previous, cylindrical case, we
mode. We thereby unmask the fraud of Helmholtz'sicon-
observe that conical action necessarily involves a shift in
servation of energyiại principle, which is based on the com-
the characteristics of action in the Universe, as viewed in
pletely arbitrary assertion that the Universe is not capable
terms of existing process-singularities, even before the new
of doing work upon itself. On the contrary, if the aim of the
global singularity emerges. This shift is most simply char-
Universe were to conserve energy, Helmholtz (and the rest
acterized by examining projections of a diagonal, elliptical
of us) would not exist!
cut between the upper and lower circles in the cylindrical
The paradigm for transformation of energy into work is
and conical cases. The elliptical cut represents the charac-
Riemann's shock wave; in that sense, Riemann's 1859 paper
teristics of the volume generated by the rotational action in
is a crucial experiment proving that the "conservation of
both cases. The projection of the elliptical cut onto the
energyi thesis is false. A simple sinusoidal wave (corre-
horizontal plane through the lower circle represents the
sponding to cylindrical action) is transformed in propaga-
characteristics of the action as viewed within" the old Uni-
tion through the medium (air in the acoustical case, the
verse. We find that for cylindrical action, the projection of
manifold of existing creation in the universal case); into a
the diagonal ellipse is just a circle coinciding with the orig-
shock front, a new singularity, that modifies the character-
inal lower circle.
istics of the medium. How does this occur? Riemann distin-
For conical action, however, the projection is an elliptical
guishes between an initial wave of infinitesimal amplitude,
orbit, whose perihelion coincides with the radius of the
which remains sinusoidal in propagation; and a wave of
finite amplitude, in which an additional margin of action is
present that modifies the condition of propagation even
before the actual shock front is formed. It is this additional,
negentropic quantum of action that has transformed a cy-
lindrical process into a self-amplifying conical process.
Riemann implies, therefore, that the action of negentrop-
ic transformation of cylindrical into conical action may be
VAB
divisible: It is not necessary to grab hold of the Universe
and bend it by brute force to generate a new global singu.
larity, It is instead possible, by intervening at a lower level
of the process, by activating certain marginal transforma-
tions of action, to efficiently transform the characteristics
of the Universe and induce the formation of a global " shock
waveiẠạas a causal consequence of those changed charac-
teristics. A small amount of the right kind of work can set in
motion an incomparably larger amouht of work.
Figure 14
COMPARISON OF CYLINDRICAL AND CONICAL
WORK THROUGH A 180° ROTATION •
The magnitudes A, B, (A + B)/2, and VAB correspond
to the height, which is measured along the central
axis a. Since the spiral at right is self-similar, the pro-
portion of its height at A to its height at a half-rotation
C is equal to the proportion of its height at C to its
height at B, or
The decisive elements for a geometrical analysis of this
kind of negentropic transformation were contributed by
Karl Friedrich Gauss in his early work on the arithmetic-
geometric mean and elliptic functions.
Compare cylindrical and conical action for a single cycle
of action (Figure 14). In case this cycle is indivisible, that is,
not mediated by lower-order singalarities, the negentropic
transformation required is an elementary quantum of neg-
entropic action: We must simply directly create the new
A:C = C:B, C = VAB.
singularity to be generated by the conical function. In case
the cycle is divisible, the first division possible for least
36
FUSION
May-June 1984
...

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3866, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VAB
Figure 15
TRANSFORMATION OF CYLINDRICAL WORK
INTO CONIC (NEGENTROPIC) WORK
The difference between the volume Vof the cone and
that of the cylinder represents the work that is pro-
duced through negentropic transformation.
action, as we saw in our discussion of the circle, is halving
the action; that is, dividing one rotation of the helix or spiral
into two half-rotations of 180 degrees.
In the latter case, the displacement from cylindrical to
conical action already manifests itself with the creation of a
characteristic singularity at the midway, 180-degree point
of the rotation. Comparing the points along the vertical axis
reached by the helix and spiral respectively, we see that the
point reached by the first half-rotation of the spiral lies
somewhat below that reached by the helix. Counting dis-
tance reached along the conical axis as line of reference
with the lower and upper circles at heights A and B respec-
tively, we find that the helix reaches the height (4 + B)/2
after 180-degree rotation, while the spiral reaches the point
VAB. The origin of the discrepancy is the characteristic
acceleration of self-similar, negentropic action: While the
helix progresses linearly upward at a constant rate, the spi-
ral accelerates exponentially upward and outward as a func-
tion of the angle of rotation around the conical axis. In
particular, the work done by the second half-rotation on
the spiral is larger than the work done by the first half-
rotation (Figure 15).
(A + B)/2 and VAB were known to the Greek geometers
as the arithmetic and geometric means, respectively, of A
and B. As one can show, these same two means appear,
up to a constant factor of proportionality (depending on
the apex angle of the cone), as the major and minor axes of
Figure 16
THE ARITHMETIC/GEOMETRIC MEAN AND
NEGENTROPIC TRANSFORMATION
Two steps in the Gaussian "arithmetical-geometrical
chain of negentropic transformations. Production of
a work volume V. The new work volume V" represents
the work that is produced by the negentropic trans-
formation of the second step.
the ellipse obtained by projecting the diagonal cut on the
cone onto the plane of the lower circle. Thus, the discrep-
ancy between the arithmetic and geometric means is char-
acteristic of the manifested shift in the characteristics of
action in the Universe undergoing negentropic transfor-
mation.
Now, cut the cone by horizontal planes at the levels cor-
responding to the arithmetic and geometric means, the
heights corresponding to the work done by the first 180-
degree division of the cylindrical action and the first 180-
degree division of the conical spiral action. These cuts de-
fine two circular sections of the cone, bounding a volume
V that thereby corresponds to the displacement from cylin-
drical to conical action in terms of the midpoint of that
action. Imagine a continuous deformation from the cylin-
der to the cone, keeping the heights of the original upper
and lower circles fixed: As the helix deforms into a spiral,
the halfway (180-degree) point shifts downward. Hence,
the volume V represents work done in transforming cylin-
drical action into conical action. The downward direction
of the displacement indicates that this work takes the form
of a marginal portion of action "invested to induce that
transformation, andipaid back with profit" by the self.
amplifying acceleration of conical action in the second halt
of the rotation.
Obviously, we now have a problem of exactly the same
form as the original one: Either the negentropic transfor-
mation required to produce the work Vis indivisible, or the
same arithmetic-geometric mean process, applied now to
the smaller cylindrical and conical sections, identifies an
even smaller margin of action whose execution would effi-
ciently cause the generation of V. The corresponding el
May-June 1984 FUSION
37

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 782, "chars": 4966, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
liptical projections identify, implicitly, the lower-order sin-
gularities that must be acted upon to generate the negen-
tropic transformation.
Continuing this process, we generate a chain of arith-
metic-geometric means, up to the point where the original
action cannot be more finely divided. By Archimedes' prin-
ciple, that point is arrived at after a finite number of steps,
corresponding to the degree of elaboration of the Universe
up to the given point of action. The last, smallest transfor-
mation in the chain is the least quantum of negentropic
action necessary to efficiently cause the Universe to gen-
erate the new singularity, as required. If we are able to
perform that least quantum of work, a chain of negentropic
transformations, corresponding to the arithmetic-geomet-
ric chain run in reverse, propagates through the continuous
manifold, amplifying to the point of transforming the laws
of the Universe. This is the process addressed by Riemann
and his school by the concepts of "retarded potential and
the Dirichlet Principle, which describes how the introduc-
tion of a singularity forces a continuous manifold to trans-
form its global geometry.
How much work must we do to accomplish this change?
Must we change the orbit of a planet, or cause certain stars
to oscillate in a certain manner? Or perhaps it will suffice,
using the new relativistic beam technology under devel-
opment, to generate a single, new type ofạwave-particle."
The preceding considerations, carried out at the level of
the hypothesis of the higher hypothesis" give us so far no
concrete answer, but only away of thinking about the prob-
lem. In fact, the method sketched here applies not only to
changing the laws of the Universe, but to transforming any
physical process, whether it concern the transformation of
the climate of the Earth, the creation of new forms of living
processes, or any other interesting and useful task of this
sort.
When we consider how man might accomplish the least
quantum of negentropic action to change the laws of the
Universe, we measure the Universe by the productive ac-
tivities of man. Indeed, as LaRouche argues, this is the only
rigorous measure of the Universe that we possess: the mea-
sure of the relationship between man and nature elaborat-
ed by LaRouche in his definition ofẠpotential relative pop-
ulation density." The continued existence of human civili-
zation for the generations to come-whose assurance
uniquely defines the moral purpose of our individual lives,
the "good" in human practice-is only possible through
continual increase in man's productive powers, measured
as increases in the potential relative population density of
the human species. At some point, we will necessarily
change the laws of the Universe, to improve the Universe
as a basis for continued human existence. Otherwise, if
man becomes "bad" and refuses to do the necessary work,
mankind will cease to exist.
What does this mean about the ultimate form of the law-
fulness underlying nature? There are no fixed laws of the
ordinary mathematical type, no tyranny of Helmholtzian
physics. Rather, the lawfulness of the Universe is ultimately
knowable to man as moral law, as the lawfulness that gov-
erns man's participation in the ongoing composition of the
Universe: to be free to exist, we must be good.
38
FUSION May-June 1984
Author Jonathan Tennenbaum demonstrates to a German
FEF audience the use of the golden section in Renaissance
art. The illustration is Raphael's "Marriage of the Virgin.*
EPILOGUE
The Unfortunate Case of Ludwig Boltzmann
Thus we arrive at the end of our introductory, geometri-
cal treatment of the ontological transfinite. In attempting
to address merely the bare essentials of the matter, we have
left out many important points, which the reader can prof-
itably follow up.' In closing, however, we shall add one
matter that connects the previous discussion to the threat-
ened collapse of science and humanist culture today.
The preceding discussion of the ontological transfinite
should properly raise the question: If this fundamental no-
tion was understood by Bernhard Riemann and Georg Can
tor a mere century ago, how is it that we find today's science
(and our culture as a whole) almost totally ignorant on this
point? Rather than atlempt to give a comprehensive histor-
ical account of the process behind this remarkable case of
collective amnesia, we shall elucidate the matter with a
revealing special case-the conquest of mathematical
physics by the statistical doctrines of Ludwig Boltzmann.
Following the ugly resurgence of oligarchism in Europe
in the wake of the 1815 Treaty of Vienna, a vast campaign
was mounted to crush the networks of continental science
that had been built up by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and his
followers, from approximately 1667 on. The main instru-
ments of this renewed Inquisition against science were the
continental Jesuits and Dominicans on the one side, and

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 986, "chars": 6535, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the Jesuit-linked networks of Scottish Rite Freemasonry that
ran the British Royal Society on the other. In France, the
Jesuit-controlled Royalist August Cauchy acted effectively
to destroy the remnants of France's leading scientific insti-
tution, the Ecole Polytechnique.
In Germany, however, the Leibnizian fradition was main-
tained into the middle of the 19th century, in spile of op-
position, through the efforts of Gauss, Jacobi, Dirichlet,
and the Humbold brothers, in particular, These efforts,
part of the general cultural renaissance of the Weimar Clas-
sical period, came to fruition in the production of genera-
tions of extraordinarily gifled scientists and engineers.
However, although German scientific excellence contin-
ued into the 20s of this century, the cumulative effect of
Jesuit and Royal Society operations was to cause a shift in
the methodology taught and practiced by leading German
scientists, away from the ontological transfinite toward what
might at best be termed the methodological transfinite.*
After the suppression by Hermann Helmholtz and Leopold
Kronecker of the ideas of Bernhard Riemann and Georg
Cantor, scientists abandoned the concept of the Universe
as a creative process. Instead, they saw development chief-
ly in the improvement of mathematical methods, by means
of which an "asymptotic approximation to the supposedly
fixed Laws of the Universe might be achieved.
Without such a shift in methodological outlook, the sci-
entific community would never have tolerated the frauds
put out by Helmholtz and Lord Kelvin under the heading of
the supposed universality of the Second Law of Thermo-
dynamics. Helmholtz not only denied the developing na-
ture of the Universe, but was dishonest enough even to
assert that the opposite had been proven:
[I]f the Universe is abandoned to the undis-
turbed competition ofits physical processes, the entire
store of energy will finally be transformed into heat
and all heat will arrive at equilibrium in temperature.
Then every possibility of further change is used up,
then a complete cessation of all natural processes of
any possible kind must occur. ... In short, from then
on, the universe will be condemned to eternal rest.
On the Interaction of the Powers of Nature, 1854
This is the famous "heat death" thesis, a piece of sophist-
ical nonsense whose fallacy becomes immediately evident
as soon as the implications of the ontological transfinite are
understood.
Throughout the second half of the 19th century, the Berlin-
centered mafiat around Helmholtz and Kronecker suc-
ceeded in imposing one methodological fallacy after the
other upon the prevailing practice of mathematical physics.
The Göttingen-centered Leibnizian school (Causs, Di-
fichlet, Wilhelm Weber, Riemann) was reduced to a minor-
ity tendency in the scientific community, Chief among these
damaging fallacies was Helmholtz's elimination of the cru-
cial distinction between "energy" and "work" in his treat-
ment of the so-called principle of conservation of energy.
A second, disastrous blow was dealt to the Göttingen school
when Helmholtz succeeded in winning over the German
physicists to James Clerk Maxwell's misleading formalation
of electrodynamics-an axiomatic approach which Max-
well cooked up by rewriting the work of Gauss, Weber and
Riemann while systematically eliminating their essential
ideas. We can thank Helmholtz, because of this operation,
for the epistemological horrors unleashed on physics by
Niels Bohr et al. in the 1920s. The so-called wave-particle
paradox exploited by Bohr to sell his insane "Copenhagen
interpretationẠạof quantum mechanics had already been
solved, in essence, by Dirichlet and Riemann in their 1830-
1860 work on potential theory! The influence of Helmholtz,
Maxwell, and others was so great that by the turn of the
century, even those who, Tike Felix Klein, still read Rie-
mann, failed to grasp the most important ideas in the earlier
work. As a philosopher once said, "There are no secrets,
only blindnessiẠạiại
By the last decades of the 19th century, the methodology
of mathematical physics had so degenerated, that no one
in Germany was capable of perverting it to a lower level.
Therefore, the center of methodological discussion shifted
to Vienna, whose rich heritage of cultural decadence pro-
vided the raw material for several generations of famous
philosophers of science: Ernst Mach, Ludwig Boltzmann,
Ludwig Wittgenstein, and the Vienna circle took up where
Helmholtz left off.
Boltzmann attempted to prove that development in the
Universe is a mere illusion-an appearance based on statis-
tical effects among a vast assemblage of "elementary parti-
cles* Interacting according to fixed laws. The fundamental
laws of the Universe, according to Boltzmann, are the laws
of chance the laws that govern the assignment of odds in
a poker game or gambling house. In Boltzmann's universe,
we are nothing but swarms of billions of tiny particles for-
tunate enough to have been tossed together in a certain
Of course, this view is nothing but the atomism of Epi-
curus, propped up by the intervening development of two
impressive mathematical apparatuses callediẠạthe theory of
probability* and *analytical mechanics." In fact, Boltz-
mann's views would hardly have been taken seriously in
the raw form just described. However, by an impressive
exercise of mathematical virtuosity, Boltzmann was able to
derive some of the already known empirical properties of
heal-in particular, the apparently entropic process of
equilibration of temperature differences by heat conduc-
tion-as logical consequences of his "molecular chaos" hy-
pothesis. Thereby, he created the vast mathematical struc-
ture called "the statistical molecular theory of heat." So
impressed were Boltzmann's contemporaries by the power
of his equations, that many readily accepted the idea that
the statistical theory applied not only to the dissipation of
heat, but to every physical process in every corner of the
Universe. Alter all, what else could there be in the Universe
except lots of little particles?
For a late-19th-century Viennese thinker such as Boltz-
mann, however, there remained an essential difficulty. Ac-
cording to Boltzmann's statistics, the Universe must prog-
ress to more random states. -just like a pack of cards initially
arranged in order and then mixed up by shuffling into more
and more random arrangements. This fit completely with
Helmholtz's prediction of the "death of the Universe," its
May-June 1984
FUSION
39

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 976, "chars": 6502, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ultimate degeneration into an equilibrium state of maxi-
mum chaos. But, worried Boltzmann, if the amazing or-
dered processes observed in living processes, in crystals,
and in the solar system exist today, that means the Universe
must originally have been created in a highly ordered state.
This idea offended Viennese cultural sensibilities, which
preferred to assume that the world had been, was, and ever
would be as decadent and degenerate as it was then. There-
fore, Boltzmann was led to invent a novel "solution" to this
difficulty, the "theory of fluctuations. According to this
theory, the Universe is already "dead,* already completely
chaotic. However, in any random process, there are fluc-
tuations by chance, in which ordered arrangements will
"pop up* in the middle of chaos. So, for example, under
the assumptions of probability theory, if every day you throw
a die 100 times, then it will happen approximately once
every 10iẠạyears that the same number comes up on the die
each of those 100 throws! If there are enough elementary
particles in the Universe, and if you wait long enough,
thought Boltzmann, then once in a while an island of order
and coherence will emerge amid the chaos a chance fluc-
tuation doomed to dissolve and disappear again as soon as
its good luck runs out. So, Boltzmann triumphantly con-
cluded, our world must be such a fluctuation!
Alas! After having reached this pinnacle of scientific in-
sight, Boltzmann himself began tot decay. He was beset
by illness and deepening depression: Even some of his fel-
low Viennese were skeptical; the great Ernst Mach, for ex-
ample, objected that he had never seen any of the tiny
particles. Isolated and dejected, Boltzmann finally commit-
ted suicide. Indeed, what human identity could remain for
someone convinced that his very existence was an acci-
Were we to take Boltzmann's ideas seriously, we must
conclude that his death was a chance occurrence. In reality,
it was a lawful consequence of the post-1866 abandonment
of the ontological transfinite. From a rigorous scientific
standpoint, the statistical mechanical theory of the Uni-
verse is pure insanity.
Today, nevertheless, physics professors all over the world
receive large salaries for teaching exactly the statistical world
view that drove Ludwig Boltzmann to suicide! If anything.
today's *improved" statistical doctrines, typified by the work
of Ilya Prigogine, are even more insane than the original
version. In the 1920s, Max Born and Niels Bohr imposed
"statistical interpretation" upon the work of Planck and
Schrödinger. Bohr laid down the dogma that the interac-
tions between Boltzmann's little particles which in the
meantime had been identified as electrons, photons, pro-
tons, and so forth-are by nature incapable of being de-
scribed in any way but by statistics! As evidence for this
assertion Bohr produced a great quantity of philosophical
hot air (since uplifted to the title of the famous "Copenhag-
en interpretation"), whose only actual content was the re-
mark that the experimental evidence completely disproved
Boltzmann's atomistic view. Indeed, the wave-like" em-
pirical phenomena associated with the electron hardly re-
semble Boltzmann's tiny little balls flying through space
and colliding with one another.
40
FUSION
May-June 1984
What Bohr, Heisenberg, Born, and Pauli then did was to
devise a clever algebraic formalism that subsumed both the
formal aspects of Boltzmann's work and the observed
wave" characteristics of electrons and so forth. A contra-.
diction? By no means, answered Bohr, incorrect theories
can be "complementary.* The resulting concoction was
crowned &quantum theory" and has been rammed down
the throats of unfortunate students ever since.
Statistical physics fook a further more vicious turn in the
recent work of Nobel laureate Ilya Prigogine, a Club of
Rome member and a White Russian aristocrat. Since 10"
years is longer than anyone would be willing to wait, even
for 100 identical throws of a die, Prigogine introduced
"nonlinear effects* to speed up *structure formation" in
Boltzmann's dead Universe. According to Prigogine, life is
a parasitical phenomenon, "feeding" on existing energy
flows and accelerating thereby the growth of entropy in the
Universe. The apparent creative, inventive aspect of human
mentation and biological evolution is caused by random
fluctuations on the molecular level, amplified macro-
scopically by nonlinear structures. In his recent books, Pri-
gogine stresses the philosophical and political implications
of his neo-Boltzmannian theories. What we need, con-
cludes Prigogine, is an anarchist society, giving free play to
fluctuations" such as separatism, terrorism, and assorted
sexual perversions! This is Teilhard de Chardin's Omega
Paint.
It is no accident that Prigogine is cited in the book by
Marilyn Ferguson The Aquarian Conspiracy as a leading
ideologue of the new plague of pseudo-religious cults that
has recently descended upon the world. The oligarchical
Inquisition-of which Prigogine is a prominent represent-
ative-is not satisfied with the mere suppression of the
ontological transfinite within science: The Inquisition re-
gards its work as completed only when the institution of
science itself is converted into a pagan cult. Fritz Capra and
Carl Sagan are typical of the "high priests of the new cults.
Presently a "great unification" is promised, fusing atomic
physics with astrology, parapsychology, witchcraft, and
mystical Eastern religions into a single, organic unity. We
are promised initiation into these marvelous secrets if we
just agree to give up our "old-fashioned hangup,* the cri-
terion of scientific truth.
Fortunately, the cultish concoctions promoted by Prigo
gine and others will not last very long. Sooner or later, the
fraud of Boltzmannian statistical physics will be swept away,
by a new scientific renaissance. We cannot predict exactly
what form this renaissance will take, but we state with cer-
tainty that a revival of the ontological transfinite will be
among its principal features.
Jonathan Tennenbaum, a professor of mathematics, di-
rects the Fusion Energy Foundation work in West Germany.
1. A full discussion of the hypothesis of the higher hypothesie in Plato appears
In "The Science of the Human Mind: A Treatise on Fundamentals, "by Lyndon
H. LaRouche, Jr. In Campa/gner magazine, Feb. 1954, (available from Cam-
paloner Publications, 304 West 58 St., New York, N.Y. 10018, for $5 post-
paid).
