{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:00:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 207754, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125312-cejka-patent-4140589.pdf", "source_sha256": "421a0243b294d49afd7422bc6122085d807ff285758d714e6b25662bdc976903"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 1094, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent 1191
Hradcovsky et al.
[54] METHOD FOR LEAD CRYSTAL STORAGE
CELLS AND STORAGE DEVICES MADE
THEREFROM
[75] Inventors: Rudolf R. Hradcovsky; Otto R.
Kozak, both of Long Beach, N.Y.
[73] Assignee: Solargen Electronics, Ltd., New
York, N.Y.
[21] Appl. No.: 856,329
[22] Filed:
Dec. 1, 1977
Related U.S. Application Data
160]
Division of Ser. No. 781,762, Mar. 28, 1977,
abandoned, which is a continuation-in-part of Ser. No.
768,909, Feb. 15, 1977, abandoned.
[51] Int. Cl.2
[52]
U.S. Cl.
158] Field of Search
.... HO1M 10/44
204/2.1; 204/83;
429/228
204/2.1, 83, 96;
429/228
111]
145]
4,140,589
Feb. 20, 1979
[S6]
References Cited
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,008,144
2/1977
Porikai et al. ....
429/228 X
Primary Examiner-Charles F. LeFevour
157]
ABSTRACT
A unique storage cell is provided in which the active
from such cells will be referred to as "lead-crystal"
batteries.
Also, several methods are described for making the
polycrystalline and crystalline lead superoxide (active
21 Claims, 3 Drawing Figures
7
+
Pbe
5
H2
-
02
- Cd +P$
-
PbO2
H2-
02
-
Pb+Cd
-
РЫ02 (2S0
15
H2бOд

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 203, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. Patent
Feb. 20, 1979
Sheet 1 of 2
4,140,589
7
Phe
-Pb
-=H2-
ETE
=====
02=
- Ca tPo
-
- сибарь.
02
Pb+Cd
-
- Y
POR CASO
7192.
11
-
13
Juli
+
17
==
-
Ta
-
-
-
PbOZ
20%
-
-
-
to 8602
060
a8og.p1
H2504

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 186, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
4,140,589

Sheet 2 of 2

U.S. Patent Feb. 20, 1979

(S2LINIW) FW
2 02 6 Oo oO St of ct a fh OF 6 8 ob 9 GS FY GD 4
ot
9°
b't
| or
| 6
DMA _ Fm mm a | + 02 LL7ON

r@
AG

JW Yb Cd

| 2
50

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 922, "chars": 6268, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,140,589
1
2
The active material of the positive plate is brown,
METHOD FOR LEAD CRYSTAL STORAGE CELLS
porous lead oxide, while the active mass on the negative
AND STORAGE DEVICES MADE THEREFROM
plate is gray, spongy and porous lead, in pure form.
The lead-acid batteries which are currently available
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
5 on the marketplace exhibit limited performance capabil-
RELATED APPLICATIONS
ities, and numerous attempts and suggestions have here-
tofore been made to improve them. Thus, improve-
This is a division of application Ser. No. 781,762, filed
ments in charging and discharging characteristics of
Mar. 28, 1977, which is a C. I. P. of application Ser. No.
these batteries, increasing their current discharge rate
768,909, filed Feb. 15, 1977, both now abandoned.
10
and reduction in the internal resistance of the battery
FIELD OF INVENTION
cells are but few of the numerous properties which have
received considerable attention of the prior art workers
This invention relates generally to improved storage
in this field. Some have focused their attention on the
cells and to devices, including storage batteries, which
electrodes while others have suggested a variety of
incorporate such cells in their construction. More spe- 15
electrolytes in order to improve the overall perfor-
cifically, the present invention is concerned with the
mance of the cells, and the devices which incorporate
active mass used in making the electrodes of such cells,
wherein said active mass is a mixture of crystalline and
polycrystalline lead superoxide, and the methods of
Thus, U.S. Pat. No. 2,933,547 describes a battery
made from a plurality of solid state electric cells consist-
20 ing of silver and zine electrodes and a solid, solvated
cation-exchange resin membrane which is sandwiched
THE PRIOR ART
The construction and operation of a cell is generally
U.S. Pat. No. 3,468,719 discloses a solid state ionic
well known. A cell, whether primary or secondary, is
conductor made of a polycrystalline material in which
an electro-chemical device which consists of two plates 25 the structurai lattice is composed of ions of aluminum
of conducting material immersed in an electrolyte. A
and oxygen in combination, and sodium ions which
primary cell is designed to develop an electric potential
migrate in relation to the crystal lattice under the influ-
and to convert chemical energy into electrical energy
ence of an electric field. This material is employed as a
irreversibly. A secondary cell, however, is reversible in
half-cell separator in the construction of batteries as
its function and can transform chemical energy into
more fully described in example 3 of said patent.
electrical energy, or vice versa. Secondary cells are
U.S. Pat. No. 3,499,796 discloses a ceramic sandwich
more commonly called "storage cells".
between a pair of electrochemically and cationically-
conductive crystalline objects which are in cation ex-
When a storage cell is supplying electric energy, the
change relationship and separated by a cationically-con-
cell is said to be "discharging" and chemical energy is 35 ductive, electronically non-conductive crystalline ob-
being converted to electrical energy, and when the
ject, and to storage devices comprising the same.
storage cell is supplied with electrical energy, the pro-
U.S. Pat. No. 3,709,820 discloses an organic solid
cess is reversed and the cell is said to be "charging".
electrolyte which is a crystalline electron donor-accep-
Two or more cells connected together, in series or in
tor complex comprising ionic crystals of 7,7,8,8-tet-
parallel, constitute a battery and a battery made from 40
racyanoquinodimethane, an aromatic amine, and a liq-
connecting several storage cells is known as a storage
uid impregnated in the ionic crystal lattice. The electro-
battery. There are two common types of storage batter-
lyte described in this patent is employed in capacitors to
ies; the lead-acid type battery, or as it is simply called,
lower their resistivity
the lead battery, and the nickle-alkaline or Edison type
U.S. Pat. No. 3,765,915 describes the uses of Beta-
battery, popularly called the alkaline battery. It is with 45 alumina polycrystalline ceramics for use as electrolyte
the former type battery that the present invention is
in the construction of cells or batteries of the sodium/-
The cells in the lead-acid battery consist of a positive
The foregoing patents are but a few of the plethora of
plate of lead oxide and a negative plate of spongy lead
patents which represent the research and activities
which are immersed in a diluted solution of sulfuric acid 50
which have been expended in this art. Nevertheless,
(electrolyte). The active mass or material of each plate
however, the basic construction of the lead-acid battery
is that part which undergoes a chemical change when
and its constituent cells remain essentially unchanged.
electricity flows through the battery. This active mass is
Today, as it was made several decades ago, lead-acid
supported by a frame or grid of pure lead or lead alloy,
batteries are made by serial connection of a plurality of
e.g., an alloy of lead and antimony, which serves the
55
cells (usually 3 or 6) wherein porous lead oxide is the
dual function of carrying the active mass and conduct-
active mass on the positive plate and spongy, porous
ing the electric current. It is with a novel, unique and
lead is the negative plate, and dilute sulfuric acid is the
electrolyte of choice.
improved active mass that the present invention is more
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention
specifically concerned.
The charging and discharging cycles of a typical 60 to provide improved storage cells and devices which
are made from such cells.
lead-acid type battery may be represented by the fol-
It is a further object of this invention to provide a
lowing reversible reaction:
storage battery in which the active mass on the positive
electrode is a unique material made from crystalline and
Charge
PЬО2 + 2H2S04 + РЬ
+ plate - plate
Discharge
2PbSO4 + 2H20
65 polycrystalline lead oxide. Such batteries will hereinaf-
ter be referred to as "lead-crystal" batteries to distin-
guish them from the conventional lead-acid batteries.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1011, "chars": 6635, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,140,589
3
It is another object of this invention to provide novel
while the other two carrier plates are jointly connected
and unique lead-crystal batteries which have superior
to the negative terminal of said emf source. Upon the
performance characteristics as compared with the con-
passage of electric current, the middle carrier plate will
ventional lead batteries.
be positively charged and the lead superoxide will re-
It is also an object of this invention to provide such 5 main unchanged while the lead oxide on the other two
lead-crystal batteries which exhibit lower internal resis-
carrier plates is reduced to lead and becomes negatively
tance and higher potential difference (electromotive
force) than the conventional lead batteries.
After a few minutes, the emf source is removed and
It is still another object of this invention to provide
the emf within the cell drops from 2.9 volts to approxi-
lead-crystal batteries which exhibit higher
current 10 mately 2.4 volts and remains essentially constant at this
charge and discharge capacity and which can
level. The cell is now charged and is storing energy for
charged at a considerably faster rate than the conven-
tional lead battery.
Three or more such cells may be connected in series
It is a further object of this invention to provide lead-
crystal batteries which exhibit considerably lower sul- 15
to form the lead-crystal battery of this invention.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
phatization as compared with the lead-acid battery.
It is also an object of this invention to provide a
FIG. 1 is a schematic representation illustrating the
method of making crystalline and polycrystalline lead
method of formation of the active mass, i.e., the crystal-
oxide as the active mass.
line and polycrystalline lead oxide, in accordance with
It is yet another object of this invention to provide a 20 this invention;
unique positive plate for the construction of storage
FIG. 2 is another schematic diagram illustrating the
cells and batteries made from such cells.
formation of the positive and negative plates and the
It is also an object of this invention to provide such
cell comprising such plates; and
positive plates which comprise a carrier plate such as
FIG. 3 shows two curves which compare the dis-
lead, an alloy of lead with antimony, or a non-conduc- 25 charge characteristics of a lead-crystal cell made in
tive carrier material with a conductive coating, and lead
accordance with this invention with a conventional
oxide in crystalline and polycrystalline form applied to
lead-acid type cell.
the surface of the carrier plate.
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE
The foregoing and other objects of this invention will
be more readily comprehended from the following 30
INVENTION
detailed description of the invention taken in conjunc-
It has now been unexpectedly discovered that the
tion with the accompanying drawings which form a
performance of storage cells can be remarkably im-
part of this application.
proved by providing the cells with a unique positive
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
plate comprising crystalline and polycrystalline lead
oxide in the form of PbOz as the active mass. Conse-
In accordance with this invention, a storage cell is
quently, lead-crystal batteries made from such cells
provided in which the active mass on the positive elec-
exhibit superior performance characteristics as com-
trode of the cell is a mixture of crystalline and polycrys-
pared with the conventional lead-acid batteries.
talline lead superoxide (POz). Thus, a mixture of lead
In the ensuing description, the present invention will
and cadinium is first deposited, or otherwise conve- 40 be described in detail with particular reference to the
niently applied, as a uniform, adherent layer, on a car-
construction of a storage cell, and a bettery made from
rier plate made of lead, an alioy of lead with antimony,
such cells. Such description, however, is not to be taken
or a suitable inert and non-conductive material which is
as limiting the scope of this invention as there are other
coated with lead or an alloy of lead with antimony. The
storage devices which can be constructed on the basis
lead-cadmium mixture may be deposited on the carrier 45 of the principles set forth herein and which are, there-
plate by hot-spraying, so-called "powdered metallurgy"
fore, comprehended, contemplated and included within
technique or by electroplating, all as hereinatter de-
this disclosure.
scribed in the ensuing detailed description of the inven-
It has been discovered that a storage cell constructed
in accordance with this invention exhibits properties
The carrier plate which has been coated with lead 50
which have heretofore been unattainable in the prior art
and cadmium as aforesaid is then immersed in a con-
type storage cells, and consequently, devices, e.g., stor-
tainer containing a dilute solution of sulfuric acid (elec-
age batteries, made by the serial connection of such
trolyte) and a lead plate or sheet which serves as the
cells, also exhibit superior performance characteristics
cathode. The carrier plate is then connected to the
as compared with the conventional lead batteries. Such
positive terminal of an emf source and the lead sheet is 55 improved properties include, although they are not
connected to the negative terminal of said source. The
limited to, lower internal resistance, higher activity,
passage of electric current through the plates causes the
lower sulphatization, better charging and discharging
oxidation of lead (in lead-cadmium lead-cadimum layer)
characteristics, greater storage capacity, faster charging
to lead superoxide, in the form of crystalline and poly-
rates and higher eint per cell.
crystalline mass, while the cadmium reacts with sulfuric 60
The unique active mass which is formed in accor-
acid to form cadmium sulfate which is deposited on the
dance with the method of this invention is composed
lead sheet as a spongy material. The carrier plate is then
essentially of crystalline and polycrystalline lead oxide
removed from the solution, rinsed clean with water and
(PbOz) in which lead has its maximum electron valence
of four, and which is sometimes referred to as lead
Three carrier plates made as aforesaid are thereafter 65 superoxide to distinguish it from PbO in which lead has
immersed in a second container containing a dilute
its lower electron valence of two.
solution of sulfuric acid. The middle carrier plate is
The term "polycrystalline" as used herein denotes an
connected to the positive terminal of an emf source
aggregation of single crystalline masses of lead superox-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1137, "chars": 7171, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,140,589
ide, wherein such crystals are at varying
of one positive plate only for the sake of simplicity of
growth and development. Thus, the active mass of this
invention is a mixture of single crystalline masses of
When the circuit is closed as hereinbefore described,
P6O2 together with such polycrystalline aggregates.
the cadmium froin the Pb-Cd layer on the carrier plate
In accordance with one embodiment of this inven- 5 will react with sulfuric acid to form cadmium sulfate
tion, and with particular reference first to FIG. 1, a
which is deposited as a porous, spongy mass on the lead
carrier plate 1 which is typically made of pure lead (Pb)
sheet 5. Water is dissociated into hydrogen (Hz) and
or an alloy of lead with antimony (Pb-Sb), coated with
oxygen (02). Hydrogen appears as gas bubbles on the
a layer of Pb-Cd as hereinafter described, is immersed in
surface on the negative electrode while oxygen com-
a dilute solution of sulfuric acid (electrolyte) in a con- 10 bines with lead, rapidly and continuously, to form lead
tainer 3. The carrier plate used herein is conveniently a
superoxide (PbOz) in the form of crystalline and poly-
foil of approximately 0.2mm thickness and is made of an : crystalline mass. The formation of the active mass is
alloy of lead and antimony. The thickness of the carrier
thus completed within minutes and the carrier plate is
plate, however, may vary somewhat depending on the
removed, rinsed clean and dried. It is now ready to be
particular construction and intended use of the storage 15 used in the construction of the lead-crystal battery or
cell of this invention.
Prior to immersing the carrier plate 1 in the sulfuric
The lead superoxide crystalline and polycrystalline
acid solution, a hot melt of lead and cadmium is sprayed
active mass is a dark brown to black material. It is hard,
on the surface of the foil by means of a conventional
homogenous, highly porous and has remarkably low
spray gun, or some other suitable spraying device, to 20 internal resistance.
deposit a uniform and adherent layer of lead and cad-
In preparing a carrier plate having crystalline and
mium on both surfaces of the foil. A reducing gas such
polycrystalline lead superoxide as the active mass, it is
as, for example, hydrogen is used in conjunction with
critical to the formation of such mass that the Pb-Sb
the spraying of the hot melt on the foil's surface, and
plate be coated with Pb-Cd that is sinterized. Thus, care
spraying is discontinued when the thickness of the de-
must be taken to avoid the formation of Pb-Cd alloy
posited layer reaches approximately 0.5mm on each
during sinterization or hot spraying on the carrier plate
surface. Again, this thickness nay vary somewhat de-
in this embodiment of the invention. The presence of Cd
pending on the particular construction, the required
in the sinterized mass is also critical since it aids or
resistivity and the intended use of the device. Generally,
promotes the formation of P6O2 crystals and polycrys-
the thickness of Pb-Cd layer on each surface may vary 30 tals. Additionally, it must be noted that even though
from about 0.1 to 2mm, preferably from about 0.5 to
cadmium reacts with the sulfuric acid in container 3 to
about 1.2mm and is most preferably about 1mm.
form cadmium sulfate and it is removed from this con-
The Pb-Cd melt is prepared by coating a cadmium
tainer, trace amounts of cadmium nevertheless remain
wire of approximately 1mm thickness electrolytically or
by plating to obtain an approximately 1:1 ratio by 35
In order to construct a lead crystal cell in accordance
weight of lead to cadmium, and the resulting wire is
with this invention, three identical carrier plates 1a, 16
then melted, sprayed onto the surface of the foil as
and 1c which have been inade by the aforedescribed
hereinbefore described at a temperature which is higher
procedure are immersed in a container 9 as shown in
than the melting points of lead and cadmium, but lower
FIG. 2. Container 9 is similar in structure to the cell of
than the temperature which will cause significant melt- 40 a lead-acid battery and contains a dilute solution of
ing of the particular alloy of lead and antimony from
sulfuric acid which is conventionally employed in such
which the carrier plate is made, thus causing sinteriza-
batteries. Carrier plates la and 1c are joined together by
tion of the Pb-Cd on the surface of the carrier plate.
conductor 11 and connected by conductor 13 to the
In order to improve the adhesion of the Pb-Cd layer
negative terminal of a 3 volt emf source 15 (e.g., a bat-
to the surface of the carrier plate 1, the carrier plate 45 tery, a battery charger, etc.) while carrier plate 1b is
(foil) may first be sandblasted for several minutes to
connected to the positive terminal of the emf source 15
create a roughened surface so that the sinterized Pb-Cd
via conductor 17. When the circuit is thus closed, the
mixture will be better bonded to the foil's surface. It PbOz on the carrier plates la and 1c is reduced to Pb
must be understood that the terms "foil", "carrier plate"
and the plates become negatively charged, whereas the
and "collector plate" are used interchangeably through- 50 PbOz on the carrier plate 1b remains chemically un-
out this application to refer to the Po-Sb carrier plate.
changed and will become positively charged. Thus, the
Referring again to FIG. 1, there is shown the con- lead plates will serve as the negative electrodes (cath-
tainer 3 made from a non-conductive material (e.g.,
ode) and the lead superoxide plate will serve as the
glass, plastic, etc.) and containing a dilute solution of
positive electrode (anode).
sulfuric acid (electrolyte) having approximately the 55
After a few minutes when the cell has been fully
same specific gravity as the sulfuric acid solutions em-
charged, the emf source 15 is removed and the eif
ployed in ordinary lead-acid type storage batteries. The
within the cell thus drops from 2.9 volts to approxi-
container 3 is also provided with a lead plate or lead
mately 2.4 volts, and remains essentially constant at this
sheet 5 which serves as the negative electrode (cath-
level. The cell is now charged and is storing energy for
ode). The collector or carrier plate 1 which has been 60 later release.
made as aforesaid is immersed in the electrolyte as
When a cell made as hereinbefore described is con-
shown in FIG. 1 and is connected to the positive termi-
nected in series with other cells (e.g., 3 cells in all), each
nal of a 3 volt emf source 7 (e.g., a battery) while the
containing several plates (usually 17 or 19) connected in
lead sheet 5 is connected to the negative terminal of said
parallel, a lead-crystal battery is formed which may
3 volt emf source. Although more than one carrier plate 65
contain 5i or 57 plates depending on the number of cells
may be immersed in the electrolyte and suitably con-
and the number of plates in each cell. It is obvious,
nected to the emf source, the invention will be de-
however, that more than 3 cells (e.g., 6 celis, etc.) may
scribed and illustrated with reference to the preparation
be connected in series, if desired.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1000, "chars": 6705, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,140,589
Lead crystal batteries incorporating the unique fea-
After depositing the desired coating thickness,
tures of this invention exhibit superior performance
carrier plate is immersed in a container comprising a
characteristics as compared with lead-acid batteries.
dilute solution of sulfuric acid and lead plate as herein-
Thus, because of its lower internal resistance, a lead
before described in connection with FIG. 1 and crystal-
crystal battery comprising 51 or 57 plates can accept 5 line and polycrystalline lead superoxide (PbOz) is once
about 10 to about 15 times as much electric current as
again formed on the surface of the carrier plate in the
the lead-acid battery. Consequently, the lead-crystal
same manner. The cadmium from the Po-Ca layer re-
battery can be charged at much faster rates than the
acts with sulfuric acid and is deposited in the form of
lead-acid battery. Siilarly the discharge rate of the lead-
CdSO4 from which the cadmium can be recovered and
crystal battery is considerably improved since it can 10 reused, and the carrier plate or plates then used to con-
supply electric current at a considerably more acceler-
struct a lead-crystal cell as heretofore described in con-
ated rate than the lead-acid battery.
nection with FIG. 2.
The discharge curve of a lead-crystal cell made in
In another embodiment of the invention a hard, com-
accordance with this invention is compared in FIG. 3
pact alloy of lead and cadmium was deposited on the
with the discharge curve for a typical lead-acid cell. 15
carrier plate by electroplating in a fluoroborate bath.
The solid curve in this FIGURE represents the dis-
Thus, two electrodes, one made from an alloy of lead
charge curve for the lead-crystal cell and the dotted
with antimony (cathode) and the other from a 1:1 alloy
curve represents the discharge curve for the lead-acid
of lead and cadmium (anode) were immersed in a fluo-
cell. A comparison of these two curves indicates that
roborate bath having the following composition:
during the first 16 minutes (i.e., during approximately 20
80% of the discharge cycle), the emf of the lead-crystal
cell remains constant, then dropping very slightly from
2.32 to approximately 2.3 volts, whereas the emf of the
lead-acid cell decreases steadily and constantly during
the same period, dropping from 2.1 to approximately 25
Fluoroboric Acid HBF4
Cadmium Fluoroborate Cd(BF4)
2.0 volts. This difference is particularly significant in
batteries made from such cells, and indicates that the
lead-crystal battery can maintain a higher emf level than
the lead-acid battery, and, therefore, exhibits superior
performance characteristics.
Additionally, the lead-crystal batteries of this inven-
tion exhibit from about 25 to about 30 percent higher
capacity than the conventional lead-acid batteries.
Moreover, the lead-crystal cell is capable of a far more
complete charge and discharge, with no after-reaction
The electrodes were then connected to the positive
and negative terminals of a 5 volt emf source for 1 hour
until a uniform layer of cadmium and lead of approxi-
mately 0.1mm thickness was deposited on each surface
of the cathode. The emf source was then disconnected,
the cathode removed from the bath, rinsed clean with
or self-charge, as compared with a lead-acid cell; conse-
quently, the lead-crystal battery exhibits far greater
In order to produce three carrier plates with crystal-
storage capacity than a lead-acid battery of comparable
line and polycrystalline lead superoxide on their sur-
weight and volume. Cells made in accordance with the
faces, three cathodic carrier plates made by this proce-
principles set forth herein are capable of developing 40
dure were immersed in a dilute sulfuric acid electrolyte
from about 0.1 to about 0.2 volt higher emf than con-
and subjected to the same operation as hereinabove
ventional storage cells from which the lead-acid batter-
described in connection with FIG. 1. The resulting
ies are made.
carrier plates were then used to construct a lead-crystal
In the foregoing description, sinterized lead and cad-
cell as hereinbefore described in connection with FIG.
mium was applied to the surface of the collector plates 45 2.
by not spraying to deposit a homogenous, uniform and
It is evident from the foregoing detailed description
adherent layer of Pb-Ca thereon. 'Two additional meth-
that the lead-crystal battery of this invention is remark-
ods will now be described for depositing such layer of
ably superior to the lead-acid battery. In addition to the
Pb-Cd on the surface of the Pb-Sb carrier plate.
several unique features which were described supra, the
In another embodiment of this invention, a soft, gran- 50
lead-crystal battery is usually from about 15% to about
ular, 1:1 mixture of lead and cadmium, wherein the size
30% lighter in weight than a lead-acid battery of com-
of the granules is from about 100 to almost 500 microns,
parable size and capacity, and exhibits from about 25%
is dissolved in a suitable organic liquid such as, for ex-
to about 30% greater capacity as compared to a lead-
ample, methanol (or ethanol) to prepare a paste which is
acid battery of comparable size and weight. The ability
then deposited on the surface of the carrier plate by a 55 to draw substantially larger amounts of power in a con-
suitable sieve. The methanol is thereafter evaporated;
siderably shorter period of time due to its significantly
the plate is dried, and the Pb-Cd is sinterized in a press
lower internal resistance and higher activity makes is
at a temperature of from about 300° C. to about 400° C.
particularly useful in vehicles which require fast accel-
for approximately 3 seconds. Once again, the tempera-
eration, e.g., electric vehicles and cars, and other elec-
ture and pressure during sinterization must be carefully 60 trically motivated power sources.
controlled so as to prevent the formation of the Pb-Cd
Also, the lead-crystal batteries which are made in
accordance with this invention exhibits little or no sul-
The thickness of the Pb-Cd layer on the carrier plate
phatization. This means that, as a practical matter, these
may be controlled by the selection of the proper sieve
batteries can discharge to a point approaching zero emf.
and by depositing the appropriate amount of paste uni- 65 In contrast, sulphatization is a rather common phenom-
formly on the surface of the plate. Thus, a Pb-Cd layer
enon in the lead-acid batteries, and, consequently, the
of approximately 0.5mm thickness may be deposited on
lead-acid batteries cannot discharge beyond about 1.5 to
both sides of the carrier plates.
1.8 volts emí, or almost irreversible sulphatization will

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 951, "chars": 6045, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,140,589
10
take place in the lead grids which holds the paste of the
4. A method as in claim 2 wherein said hot melt mix-
active mass.
ture consists of from about 45 to about 55 weight per-
It must also be noted that while the invention has
cent lead.
heretofore been described and illustrated with certain
5. A method as in claim 2 wherein said hot melt mix-
degrees of particularity, several changes and/or modifi-
5 ture is an approximately 1:l ratio by weight, of lead to
cations may be made which are obvious from the fore-
cadmium.
going description and which are, therefore, encom-
6. A method of making a solid state conductor as in
passed within the sprit and scope of this invention.
claim I wherein, in step (a) said uniform and adherent
For example, instead of using Pb-Sb carrier plates, it
layer of lead and cadmium is formed by making a rela-
is possible to use inert, non-conductive carrier plates 10 tively thin paste of lead and cadmium mixture in a re-
(e.g., made from a suitable plastic such as polypropyl-
ducing organic liquid, depositing said paste on said
ene or cellulosic material) on which lead, or a mixture
carrier plate and evaporating said solvent from the
of lead with antimony, may be deposited as hereinbe-
paste.
fore described. such carrier plates are considerably
7. A method as in claim 6 wherein said reducing
lighter in weight than Pb-Sb carrier plates, and conse-
15 organic liquid is methanol.
quently, the resulting batteries will be considerably
8. A method as in claim 7 wherein said layer of lead
lighter as well.
and cadmium consists of from about 30 to about 70
Also, while the invention was heretofore illustrated
weight percent lead.
with reference to a 1:1 ratio by weight of Pb:Cd, this
9. A method as in claim 7 wherein said layer of lead
20 and cadmium consists of from about 45 to about 55
ratio may vary from about 30 to about 70 weight per-
cent and preferably from about 45 to about 55 weight
weight percent lead.
percent; however, optimum results are obtained when
10. A method as in claim 7 wherein said layer of lead
an approximately equal weight ratio of the two compo-
and cadmium is an approximately 1:1 ratio by weight, of
lead to cadmium.
nents are used. If the mixture is predominantly lead, say,
11. A method as in claim 6 wherein said reducing
70 weight percent, the Pb-Cd layer will be softer and
organic liquid is ethanol.
less porous, whereas it the cadmium component pre-
dominates, say, it constitutes 70 weight percent of the
12. A method as in claim 11 wherein said layer of lead
and cadmium consists of from about 30 to about 70
mixture, the resulting Pb-Cd layer will be harder and
weight percent lead.
more porous. Optimum hardness and porosity of the 30
13. A method as in claim 11 wherein said layer of lead
Pb-Cd layer are attained when the mixture is approxi-
and cadmium consists of from about 45 to about 55
mately a 1:1 ratio by weight.
weight percent lead.
What is claimed is:
14. A method as in claim 11 wherein said layer of lead
1. A method of inaking a solid state conductor for use
and cadmium is an approximately 1:1 ratio by weight, of
in storage cells which comprises:
(a) forming a uniform and adherent layer of lead and 35 lead to cadmium.
15. A method as in claim 6 wherein said layer of lead
cadmium on a carrier plate selected from the group
and cadmium consists of from about 30 to about 70
consisting of lead, an alloy of lead with antimony
weight percent lead.
and an inert, non-conductive material coated with
16. A method as in claim 6 wherein said layer of lead
lead or an alloy of lead with antimony,
40 and cadmium consists of from about 45 to about 55
(b) immersing the resulting carrier plate in a container
weight percent lead.
containing a dilute solution of sulfuric acid and a
17. A method as in claim 6 wherein said layer of lead
lead plate,
and cadmium is an approximately 1:1 ratio by weight, of
(c) connecting said carrier plate to the positive termi-
nal of an emf source and connecting lead plate to 45
the negative terminal of said emf source, thereby
causing electric current to flow through said plates,
18. A method of inaking a solid state conductor as in
claim 1 wherein, in step (a), said uniform and adherent
layer of lead and cadmiuin is formed on the surface of
said carrier plate by an electroplating process which
(d) causing said cadmium in said lead-cadmium layer
comprises immersing, in an electrolytic bath, two con-
to react with sulfuric acid to form cadmium sulfate 50 ductors, a cathode made from an alloy of lead and anti-
which is deposited on said lead plate, and simulta-
mony and an anode made from lead and cadmium,
neously oxidizing said lead in said lead-cadmium
wherein said electrolytic bath comprises lead fluorobo-
layer thereby forming a mixture of crystalline and
rate, metallic lead, fluoroboric acid, boric acid, cad-
polycrystalline lead superoxide, in which lead is at
mium fluoroborate, metallic cadmium, ammonium fluo-
its maximuin valence of four.
55 roborate and water, connecting said cathode and said
2. A method of making a solid state conductor as in
anode, respectively, to the negative and positive termi-
claim 1 wherein, in step (a), said uniforin and adherent
nals of an emf source, and causing an electric current to
layer lead and cadmium is formed by spraying a hot
flow through said electrodes.
melt mixture of lead and cadmium on the surface of the
19. A method as in claim 18 wherein said anode con-
carrier plate under a reducing atmosphere, and causing 60 sists of from about 30 to about 70 weight percent lead.
said hot melt mixture to sinterize on the surface of the
20. A method as in claim 18 wherein said anode con-
carrier plate without forming an alloy of lead and cad-
sists of from about 45 to about 55 weight percent lead.
21. A method as in claim 18 wherein said anode con-
3. A method as in claim 2 wherein said hot melt mix-
sists of an approximately 1:1 ratio by weight, of lead to
ture consists of from about 30 to about 70 weight per- 65 cadmium.
