{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T15:31:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3758962, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125336-cejka-the-russian-lakhovsky-rejuvenation-machine.pdf", "source_sha256": "629dc89f2167d5a10e876817a1cffa4ea978d4bed06e43c412662a5a66d78022"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2776, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE RUSSIAN LAKHOVSKY ABJUVENATION MACUINE
3y Associate Sob Deck
In September, Dr. L.o. Ancorson, Anderson Research Center dircotor
and JS Associate, phoned me about a "aarvelous electronic machine" pur-
ported to "cure" almost any human ailment. I've looked into dosens oi
these "nodalities" every year; so with extreme sceptician I gathered
instruments and took off to check another possible hoax.
I found a heavy spark-gap Tesla Coil inside a four-foot cabinet.
This console was rigged to circular "natennas" and was partially shiel-
ded inside a home-built Faraday cage in the living room of Dr.
Anderson's
Iriend. It hadnit functioned in over a decade, and had been given up by
somo twenty-odd medical instrument repairmen and engineers as
unfathomablo.
The machine, which had no nameplate or other identification, turnod
out to be a Lakhovsky "Hultiple Wave Oscillator", or 2I0.
Fortunately,
the present owner had found patents and two books describing its opera-
• We vere able to reconstruct the circuits and after several hours
had it operating perfectly. The machine was not a hoax!
Lakhovsky diù his research prior to World War II and died in 1942,
No infringement can be involvelliosuplicating Lakhovsky's vork, since
his U.s. Patent #1,962,565 expired 5k 2951 and is in public domain.
found from the literature, "the are That heal", that Hultiple Wave
Oscillators are extensively used
ma hospitals in france, Germany and
Italy, and although tested in f Few York hospital witi fantastic success,
0a remain practically unknowin the United States.
"Waves That Heal"
was written by Mark Clements and published by health Science Press,
Kent Cottage, The rambles, dustington, Sussea, England, price 6 shill, •
MDs testing Multiple Wave Oscillators reported up to 98% cures of
terminal cancer, arthritis and other "hopeless" conditions.
Case his-
tories vere complete with before-and-after photos.
Often rejuvenation
was demonstrated, not only in human beings but in plants and animala
as well!
So, on Sept. 10ch I desigaed and built a modern (technologically)
IWO based on Nikola Tesla and Lakhovskyis original work and patents.
The transistoriced instrument fits into a briefcase and weighs under
14 15s.
Imporiments with the ilo on some eighteen voluntcora have
demonscrated almost unbelievable results. At this writing, Oct. 20th,
every single subject, including ayself, reports fantastic gains.
My nothor, age 72, who had affered from hypertension and glaucoma
for many years,
neasured absol tely normal blood pressure the morning
after her first
treatment.
And the eye tension, tested by her MD the
week following, had dropped tola power point than in the previous two
yoars. Another woman with a long-standing back condition days she wns
lovember 1963 ha, Page 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 3088, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
permancutly rolieved in one 15 minute exposuro. An ashmatic with chronic
bronchial complications claims he is now syaptom-free after two exposures
and her husband with a bad dermatological condition of seven years his-
cory appears to be very definitely improved.
Perhaps the mout dramatic
is Mr. N.V.C. who had broken his leg skiing last December. Because of
an old polio complication the broken leg had never healed
and flesh sur-
rounding the fracture was in a very poor, waxey condition. After one
exposure he phoned to say he had regained feeling in the area. The next
day wo made an "after" photo glide of nearly normal tissue.
A friend suffering allergies of long standing says she can now cat
anything and her ND admits he was scarcled by her youthful appearance
now vitality. The Lakhovsky literature illustrates many such re-
juvenations as an unexpected side effect of cancer cases (Ps. 32 to 40
in book). Subject's wrinkles diappeared along with the tumors!
THEORY OF OPERATION
Lakhovsky pointed out that #ll dolls capable of reproduction con-
cain in their neuclei "filamento of highly conductive material surroun-
ded by insulating media.
This flament, which may be the A1A-DNA com-
ples, in always in the fora of a spiral or helix, in other words, a
2911.
therefore, each will react as a tured circuit if its resonant
Troquency can be approximated by an external oscillating coil.
Lakhovsky did not carry this to itts conclusion; however, I pos-
tulate that by exciting the neuclei with electromagnetic energy a
"chargei can be induced by the long established principle of electro-
magnetic induction.
This demonstrably raises the onersy level and per-.
haps the vitality of every cell in the field simultaneously. Since
each cell is on individual, and of slightly different physical dimen-
sions, tho exciting wavelengths aust be multiple, and must span a broad
Irequency speccrum.
Diatherny machines, limited to crystal-controlled
cingle frequencies in the 27,255 MC region, can do nothing but heat
the tissue; and yet
this approach, abandoned by Lakhovsky in the 19303,
can still be found in "modern" doctor a offices!
the Electromotive Force (end produced by the Mo and induced in
the cell nuelcus, can raise the dell% mecabolic rate by Electrolysis,
and perhapa jog the HA-DRA "memory" and reproductive capabilities to
their levol at on carlier, youngernige chus the rejuvenation.
more subtle changes might
be postulated, such as magnetic "progression"
effects as evidencedby heavy war ta magnetic fields.
07 contrast, any chemical calcoa
-into one's sytem by mouth or by
injoction -- such as vitamins, food or medicine -- must first be ab-
sorbed in proper solution and
ratio with unknown trace elements, then
transporced by the blood to affocted tissue only to be possibly re-
joceed by the targot areas.
Perhaps in cancer che enf induced by the ildo raises
the vitality
and memory of marginal cells to normal reproduction levels. In the
case of other discase, perhaps oplis given higher energy levels can
moro readily throw off affliction.
Lovember 1903 23, Page 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2930, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A WAVE FOR EVELY BODI CELL
The Multiple Wave Oscillator described here radiates a bandwidth
of radio frequency energy from the audio frequencies up beyond micro-
wave irequencies.
3y actual measurement with standard fiold strength
meters, this vast bandwidth of frequencies and harmonies can be shown.
In fact, a bluish glow of "brush discharge" surrounds the antenna when
operating. 4 fluorescent lamp held anywhere within several feet of the
subject glows brilliantly. Within this multiple-wave range of frequen-
cies, every cell in the body can find its ONE resonant frequency und
absorb energy at its ova natural wavelength.
Obviously the Electroatatic onergy cannot penetrate the body. Thia
in known as "skin effect".
Howevar, the Electromagnetic conponent of
the energy can and does permeats and will induce an emf in cach cell,
It is precisely this energy towhach Lalchovsky attributes his almost
miraculous "cures",
A vord of warning, although no deleterious side effects have ever
35 vatts.
mission has stiff penalties for unlicensed transmitters and radio and
1V interference -- not to mention making all your neighbors very un-
* happy.
We operate our machine in a shielded room, and
the battery in-
put prevents RF interference fron feeding baok into power lines.
The deluxe MWO diagrammed here can be built by any intelligent 16-
year old with readily available clectronic parts for under $35.00. I
do not plan to build, manufacture, sell, or otherwise exploit this do-
vice, as my interest is purely in research.
Several Associates given
cirouit have successfully conscructed
Ed Skilling built his
in one afternoon and reports equally fantastic results. Bob Geddis and
Howard Miller have ocher iNos underway. Art Aho is building a fourth
unit.
we would certainly like to neut from any stassociates who under-
this project, but please do not communicate until after building
the unit.
Our phone has been Finellort the hook for weeks! I abso-
lutely will not and cannot correspond, with individuals over details
vilich any intelligent person should be able to thresh out with his own
technical friends and Associate thei
My own Multiple Wave Oscil aros,
Do Skilling's, and perhaps three
others will be available for dorervallon and experimentation during
the lovember 8th through 1ith Borderland Convention at harmony Grove,
California.
At one stage we had planned conscructing a much higher powered
unit but the resules with the "portable" are so gratifying that lodel
Two was shelved.
Extensive tests arcischeduled with plants and animals,
and every effort is being made to remove any element of "suggestion"
from redults.
A physician friend is cooperating with the project by
sending a few "problem" patientp for, tests. It is much too soon, how-
over, to make a finished statemunt concerning the ivois potential. No
cures can be claimed even if obviously, demonstrated, since our laws are
lovember 1963 23, Page 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3169, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
controlled by medical unions forbidding the use of the word except by
10s.
Jut I have satisfied myself with nearly twenty miracleg in theso
fow weeks of tests that iwo night tol
bo the nost promising device to
cone to light in many years.
I have one request, however, chat no one building this dovicc ever
be tempted to charge a
fee, donatiot.
cr reimbursement of any kind
what
socver for its use.
I feel most strongly that any device potentially
helpful to suffering humanity should be available completely frce of
chargo to anyone needing it.
CONSTAUCTION GIPS
My lo is built on a 1l x lli inch panel. Components extond 31 in.
bolow this, so the unit fits nicoly into a small attache case.
The 6
volt battery was a Sonotone lifetime Nickel Cadmium unit; however, five
war-pur plus NiCads wired in series and costing $1.95 cach would be loss
expensive. The Ford Model I coils are still available at Pep Boys auto
stores at 04.09 list.
0:1, but the Ford co unit
liy first unit used a transistoriced driver for
the losla coil, but the ford coil works equally well, is far cheaper,
but has the disadvantage of making a bursing noide.
The spark gap was
made from salvaged tungsten relay contact points about 1/4 inches in
diameter.
The rolay spring arm can be tuned by a nylon 6-32 scrow ad-
or copendent on his body a»
The gap must be carefully tuned
"parking at the antenna rings. M.
The automatic timer, gero to 15 minutes, the meter, the internal
battery charger, the 3FC
circuits, cipi, are all simply conveniences
and may be left out of the circuit without in any way subtracting from
results.
Dy not building in these deluxe leatures, the entire Nwo will
cost about $18.00 for all parts, including the attache case! Use plastic
instead of metal screws around the ligh-voltage coil, High voltage cap-
acitors cost about 50¢ each at surplus
stores, or three for one dollar.
The Tesla coil is hand wound.
We have determined experimentally that a vortable pair of antennas,
radlator and resonator, can consist of I0 concentric rings ranging from
12 inches OD down to 1/2 inch.
These were constructed by cementing a
one-foot square of deynolds titchen aluninun foil to a 12 inch square
of thin formica, or plastio, support. The outline of each set of cir-
oles was carefully scribed
with a sharpened compass. By repeated soor-
ing, the aluminum foil was cut through to the board and the waste area
#trips pulled away before the cement hardened. Excess cement was re-
moved with a solvenc.
The gaps were then cut with a razor.
Gaps are
alternated in position cach 180 deg. Der drawing. In use,
the second
from the outside ring, 10g in. dianeter, is connected to the high side
of the Tesla secondary. This is the padiator coil.
The arcing from
this ring to the outside ring cases tito "shock ercitation" of the
fourten other antenna elements. Since each radiator is of different
diameer, the array spans a broad, multiple-wavo segment of the Radio
Frequency spectrum.
The other antenag element, called the Resonator,
is connected with a five foot, high-voltage meter wire to the ground
side of the Tesla coil secondary. (Lo lor Ground or Common).
November 1963 33, Page 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 915, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IMPAOVED VERSION OF LAKHOVSKY "MULTIPLE VAVE OSCILLATOR!
115 V A.C.
U.S. Patent
#1,962,565
Rechargable Nidad
6 volt Dat. G amphrs
Hattery
Charger
530
1 amp
Bridge
Rect.
2 amp. 20 v
12
GE #89 Lamp
12 v. 1 amp
Charging Dal.
Coil
form
6"
oVer
all
S
C
• 2
s.P.S.T.
0-50
Micro
-
Lamp
Meter
68k
www
Timer
*0f1
Direct
0007
IPC
2. 5mh
•IN 3415
Timer
Coil
311
Ant.
Secondary
Spark?
Gap
1/16
adj-
:005m
6
6 AV
Tap
21"
Primary 21"OD, 23 turns #16
e0a0ose
spaced 3" long
DEALA
COIL
Primary
116
bare wire
23 turns
0000000000000yHagh"
Tesla Coil Secondary
14 OD, 41" of #34 Formvar
rigat Wound
tap
Negative
Crission
High
5
It
Voltage
Meter
Wire
Antenna
12"→
dia.
OD
Subject sits between Antenna Pand
Rosonator.
Theoe are mado 01
concontric Aluminum foil rin
ranging from 12" OD down tolle
witi gaps at alternate 180 de
Hang these vertically with co
Incing subject.
about
32 ft.
apart
* in, gap
Resonator
November 2963 RB, Page 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 2043, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANTENNA AND ABSONATOR RINGS - Outride Diameter, Thickness, Cap
I2 in.
3/8 in.
1/2 in.
1/2
1/4
9
5/8
3/4
7/8
7
1/8
6
5/16
5
11/16
The gap between rings
gradually diminishos
in a uniform ratio.
5
0/0
4
7/16
1/E
3/8
11/16
0/0
1/8
me antenna and resonator and opted from gon conductive supports
about 3 1/2 ft. apart, such as wodden chairs wich no nails or sorews.
The subject, with All metal renoved tzom bas person -- including belt
buckles, 31pp0rs,
hooks, fasteners, coins, hairpins, carrings, rings,
metal brassiere fasteners, etc. -- is seated on a wooden or plastic
rest between the
antenna and resonator. Experiment should lost from
nine to not over 15 minutes. A four-day intorval between experiments
is recommended. Four such experiments over 16 days should suffice to
demonotrate anything•
Lanning.
to inch aparks can be drava from antenna or rosonator:
so leap aubject at least three inches avay.
If touched directly a mild
and perfectly harmless sting can be felt.
This can be unpleasant and
should be avoidod. Effects can be demonstrated in a darkened roon by
holding a flourescent lamp anywhere near the subject.
The RF energy
will cause the lamp to light brilliantly although no
wires aro touching
Fiold strength measurements read several watts of pover from the
audio froquency spectrum to beyond 250 megacycles.
From Clements" book, "Waves That ical", Lak-
Plasma
Membrang
hovsky snicroscopic drawing of a living cell.
"In tie centre is a twisted filanent which,
possessing soli-inductance and capacity, con-
stitutes
an oscillating circuit.
The Similar-
ity to a slord-wave circuit is manifest; the
I1lament
"showa here oscillates like a coil
having a very small number of spirals." he
says that Lakhovsky wrote: "Every living being
emits radiations."
And Clements adds "che
living cell can thus play the part of a trans-
Twisted
filament
Nuclear
Fluid
mitter or receiver of exceedingly short radio-
electric waves which give rise to high froqu-
enay currents in the circuits of the cellular
nucleus."
November 1963 ill, Page 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3184, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
treatment is given every 4 days for a duration of 5-15 minutes per ses-
sion.
This is the technique which has given me the best results after
having experimented with many other forms of application.
For children,
old people and debilitated women, a relatively weaker application is
indicated. If results are not apparent after 7 or 8 applications, I
continue until 15-30 applications are given at the rate of a single
treatment once a week.
I have never observed any ill-effects from the
MwO treatment, whatever the number of applications was in any given case.
Moreover, the
general condition of patients is always improved, even if
only temporarily, so much so that the patients themselves sometimes in-
sist on having further treatments... "
This chapter on the Mi0 concludes with four pages of reports of
notable improvement or cure by American doctors.
Chapter Five is con-
cerned with the remarkable results obtained by using the Multiple Wave
Oscillator on animals. Chapter Six contains Lakhovsky prophecy chat
some time in the future diagnosis of disease would be obtained by
television! This is something which Dr. Drown's Radio-Vision instrument
and radionics instruments have already accomplished.
THE NOVEMBER CONVENTION TESTING PROGRAM
There were two Multiple Wave Oscillators available. These were
generously furnished by Bob Beck and Id Skilling,
and were set up in
the shielded scance room. Only short exposures of from 2 to 5 minutes
were given, during the lunch and dinner hours on Saturday and Sunday.
In that time perhaps a 100 people volunteered for testa.
Until a follow
up inquiry is made, no statistical conclusion can be made, or even begun!
A few individual cases reported to your Director are worthy of note,
inoluding ny ow.
ay mid-morning on Saturday a spinal injury from my
old, hockey playing days was acting up.
Doctors have called it a spasm
in the saoro-iliac arca. Ed Skilling invited me to sit in the rays
from the Mo for a couple of minutes while the seance room was being
readied for the testing. Within a minute the spasm relaxed completely
and the pain was gone.
This was not a permanent change, of course, but
the analgesic effect was certainly noticeable.
Mrs. Fred Rannenberg, financial secretary of Harmony Grove and a
DRAssociate, told me she had had a sharp pain in the area of her left
hip for over two weeks at the time of the Convention. One 3-minute ex-
posnre to the rays of the MO removed this completely. When I attended
che Grove doard meeting a week later she said the pain bad still not.
returned.
One Associate did report a negative reaction to the NO. She at-
She had had a severe case of this
carlier in the year. When the machine was turned on she felt a severe
pain through her right side, as though someone had jabbed a knife into
her.
It could be that some of the lead poison was still in her system
and
the stirring of the cells in the mid-section produced this reaction.
Ic was endurable, however, and she sat out the exposure without a nurnur.
The pain persisted that night and she had to put cold compresses on her
take another exposure to the multiple waves. This time there was no
- 15 - December 1963 aů, Page 17

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3037, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
negative reaction.
The most startline subjoct of all was the woman who had been awake
a11 Saturday night with a migraine headache, an old and recurring ail-
by Sunday morning, Nov. 10th, she was sick and nauseated. It was
suggested that before taking her to a doctor or hospital she be given
a short exposure to No rays. Within minutes all pain was gone and she
returned to her cottage to lay down and sleep like a baby.
THE PSYCHEDELIC EFFECZ
Id Skilling is the only one we know of who has stayed in the Mwo
tield or rays for longer than 15 minutes.
While testing and adjusting
his equipment at his microphone factory several weeks ago be deliberato-
ly stayed between the antonnas for an hour! At the end of that time he
was beginning to feel so light-headed and dreamy he thought it a good
idea to get out before losing consciousness altogether.
An even more spectacular possibility is the Time-Machine effect in
connection with rejuvenation. If, as bob deck suggested in his article,
the MWO tends to take the body cell back down the time-track to a more
youthful, more vital period, what would happen to a person who stayed
in the field of the machine for four hourg?. Would his vibratory rate
be speeded up to
where he would disappear completely? Like the hero of
H.O. Wells" "Time Machine"?
Anybody want to try it? It seons, from
hints George Van Tassel has been dropping over the years, that his
Integratron at Ciant Rock, California might do something like this --
if and when he gets it working! As I recall, both George and the Can-
adian Saucerian,
the late W.3. Smith, spoke of the four dimensions of
elcotricity: I. is the clectricity moving in one direction along a cop-
per wire, 2. is the magnetio field around the wire, 3. is the static
charge created by the first two effocts, and 4. is Time -- or the
"tempic field" as Snith called it.
Time Field equates with Space,
whore consciousness is everyvhere present.
Seems to me Lakhovsky's
Multiple Wave Oscillator is a gadget which gives us the opportunity --
for the first time -- of approaching the Time Tield with scientifically
acceptable equipment, operating in known frequencies. Remember, that
* in. gaps, at alternate 180 degrees from each other, conform to the
alternating principle and give a damped or pulsed. wave.
THE SPACE AGE EFFECT
Copies of our Novenber Journal have gone all over the world.
day's mail brings new orders. We are confident that Lakhovsky's inven-
tion, far ahead of its time in the 1920s and 30s, has been given a new
lease on life and will be pushed to its ultimate development on every
continent. There will be
vigorous opposition from the right-wing con-
servatives and reactionaries.
Their resistance will furnish the plat-
form from which electronic "medicine" will eventually sweep the world.
I seo the day when a device, similar to the tWo, will be a stan-
dard part of every home bathroom or cleansing center. You will consi-
der is as necessary and as routine to take an
electronic showerbath, as
December 1963 aa, Page 18
= 16 -

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2957, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
as to take a water bath.
Hone from work, tired, dirty
and discouraged,
you strip, flip on the Wo switch, and while shaving, doing your hair
or whatever, re-balance your whole system with a two or three minutes
exposure to
the pulsing waves fron the oscillator as they flood the
whole roon. For the sale of che bouse of the future it will be as im-
portant for the ad to say "shielded bath with Nw0" as it will to say
"tile bath with radiant heat!.
Mr. Skilling told me he was tired and "dragged out" after proces-
sing dozens of volunteer "guinea pigs" late Saturday afternoon. Beforo
shutting down the equipment ho sat in the nail-less wooden chair between
the antennas and gave himself a shree-minute shot of pulsed waves. •Re-
freshed and revived he looked forward to a good dinner and the full
evening program.
I dont know of a better Christmas gift we could have given the
Associates than the idea and the plans for the Lakhovsky Mo, research-
od and so generously offered us by Bob Beck in the true borderland
science tradition. Now it is up to you to carry it forward in your own
individual way.
data as you develop equipment and a testing program. -
OSRA RESBARCH DIVISION
fin-
alised Gene will get busy on design of a Do-It-Yourself kit, price un-
decided yet. Fortunately, Ed and his business associato, Bob Gerdes,
have an electronic shop in being. They have been manufacturing the
hand-tailored Omega Condenser Microphone for over a year. This retails
for over a hundred dollars, If you have the cash and dont want to wait
until the kit is developed, they"ll be glad to malo hand-made MVO models
with professional skill, ready to go for $69.50, sold only through BRA.
We felt this was a reasonable price for know-how, labor and material.
Add a couple of dollars for postage and insurance, and 4% retail sales
car if you live in California.
is we have no operating capital you
must send cash with order, and allow at least two weeks for delivery.
The research program on the Multiple Wave Oscillator will continue
at Harmony Grove.
Love offerings made during the testing at the Conven-
tion totaled $100. At the regular Board meeting a week later it vas
voted to spend this money for an lw0 and for copper screen and aluminum
for shielding material. One of the old sleeping cabins will be conver-
ted into a healing shrine where science and religion san meet.. As far
as the harmony Crove Spiritualist Association is concerned, this will
be a concinuation of the ministry of the Healing Christ begun in 1896.
As far as SiA is concerned,
this is a continuation of our research
program begun in 1945 by Meade Layne.
Every person who Volunteers to
bo exposed to the rays oi the HO will have to fill out a SSRA rescarch
data questionnairo, giving his name, address and vital statistics.
one who offers his services will be refused, but anyone who has the
means will be expected to make a reasonable contribution toward the
continuation of the work..

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 2915, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Soom to havo a subtle but very real bffect on the wearors.
We have an
naticic on the "Lalchovsky Circuits or delts" from Associato d.E. Powell,
a rotired lieutenant colonel of the dritish Indian Army, and will print
it in full in the March Journal; for chose of you impatient to experi-
ment with them, we quote from Col, Powell's article.
THE LAKHOVEKK OSCILLATING CIRCUIT
"Tho Dolto can bo mado by almout anyono, for a low conta.
At mout
hardward storos, for a few conts per foot, one can buy twin electric
cable, insnlated
with white rubber, used for lamps, etc.
Got the smal-
ler size, 4 inch wide, having 42 Strands of copper wire. Slit an end
with a knife and the two wires eariar tear
apart.
"lor the button, get white shoot plastic about 1/8th inch thick,
saw it into pieces about la by 5/8ths inches, and drill near cach end
a hole large cnough to take two wired. Dound the corners of the plastic
and bevel edges. Thread the wires, tron opposite directions, up through
one hole and down through the othis learing about half an inch pro-
jecting
boyond each ond of the burtop. whore a circuit can be slipped
off the body without unbuttoning, you may overlap the ends of the wire
bolt an inch or two, bind with fine string and smear with Duco cement
Tor strength.
"Parallelism and overlap of cho ends are important.
This builds
up capacitanco, produces inductando and generates an alternating cur-
renC.
Circuits may be worn, as many as you please, round chest, waist,
neck, arms, wrists, legs, ankles, neok or head continuously. Water
will do them no harm.
"Gladly will I supply Circuito, in any quantity, with buttons or
bound enda.
To avoid
trouble with the Food and Drug people, I matte
no charge.
Donations, hovever, are acceptable, and go intact into my
Fund for
the Sick.
For long this has been doing fine work and Im sure
you would approve. For reasons atated I make no claims vhatsoever for
the Circuits, nor guarantee nor proniso of any kind. If you want to
give then a trial, that is wholly you affair."
4 Col. A.E. Povell
6121 Hazelhurst Place
No. Hollywood, California
NO USED TWENTY YEARS AGO
"The recent artiole in the 35 Journal pertaining to the Lakhovsky
Oscillator ia of special interest to mo.
Tirat, I an an engincer, Phy-
sician and Surgeon, and a Scientific Consultant for the U.S. Government.
(Poolnical Intelligence). I am not in any manner snooping for the gov-
ranches
This is completely personal, We built several oscillators
in 1544• These wore used in my canitoriun in Dallas where wo had some
startling results.
As we did not have the proper facilities to research
the instruments adequately, wo became more and more conservativo.
Many
patients would show reactions, resembling the old fashioned flu, after
a fow days following exposure to the oscillator.
I realised vo were
using too much power, so out the level several tines with good results;
Jan-Ted 1964 Ra, Page 32
- 30

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2920, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but we did not completely climinato the side effects. In 1946 I was
sont to Cernany for the Government, to explore Electro-biology and dio-
phyoics in its application to electro-medical equipment.
I Telt it
wiso to dastroy the machines so lobalicions use could not be indulged.
The
possibilities have intrigudlae attrainco.
It looks as chough
you havo solved most if not all 01 che problens involved. Hence my ro-
the excess power upect the ensyme conglen of the body,
or as some feit, distorted the couple olectric layers of chargo carried
on the colls, hence alloving for the Senetration of viril dircotly into
the cells (virii operate within the cells -- bacteria operate botween
the colls). Celle as well as organs function in a force field so mild
oscillating currents not only work through rosonance but seem to re-
generate these force fields,
Here is where application to cancer can
De optimistically explored." ''
Speck for your own state, Doc! Here in California the medical
astociation han decreed that only four forms of treatment for cancer
are legal, drugs, surgery, burning rays and death.
"Proof of energy flow from the fingers and thunb is hero and nust
be rocognized.
We have demonstrated it by its effect on Teast cells,
Viewod under the microscope (Girwion rescarch) whether it comes from
tho conscius and the sub-conscious mind is harder to prove, but I am
impelled to believo it does,
2te say intcrest you.
Icars ago wo ex-
perimented with crystallisation. Precipitated water vapor to snow
flakes in a chamber with elcctradesipicnted in two sides. When we
Chrew a current into chamber at a given frequency the flakes wero all
the same.
Changing the wave length changed the crystallication. pattern.
Bach froquency bad its own pactern, ere is the explanation of enerer
absorption by the chemical used, and the control of the cryscalline
Datterns by the nature of the else lowing."
colds, Flu, virus infections,
etor, these are attempts by the luan or-
ganism to throw off mucous, to eliminato intolorable accumulations of
poison from the system.
Exposure to cho ficld created by the lilo tends
to raiso the general tone of the whole system by stimulation.
raised vibrationa release an unusual amount of mucous and othor junke
inco tho elimination channels, and until this is eliminated one woulo
havo a cold or Fla and
the usual aches and pains which generally Go
with
ouch a condition.
Another doctor scopped by hero not long ago to tell of his sad ox-
perience in trying to uno spark gap electronic equipment in his medical
practice "for those suffering zatients not helped by drugs.
This pow
eriul,
high-froquenos nachine produced a two-inch spart!
Every time he
turned
it on,
everyoue in town seemedito now it and the phone would
ring-
he was doing.
about the affects of radio wavo on the body and didn't cars!"
Ate CuJatrüny396a 2a, Page 33
' 14 F9 314 ST
P. O. EDX 579
CENT. 069A OREGON 97526
