{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T04:10:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1066529, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125306-cejka-tesla-proceedings-of-the-ire.pdf", "source_sha256": "b3068d39bb80715090ac661ae7ff191e7254636af7a320047f96191ef2275fdf"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 4775, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1106
PROCEEDINGS OF THE TRE
Nikola Tesla
1856-1943
HARADEN PRATTY, FELLOW, RE
September
The following account was prepared by the Chairman of the IRE History Committee,
at the request of the Executive Committee, as a tribute to one of the most brilliant experi-
menters in electrical and radio phenomena on the occanion of the 100th anniversary of
his birth,
THIS YEAR 1956 marks the Centennial of the ushered in the era of polyphase power transmission.
birth of Nikola Tesla, acclaimed by some as the Today our vast power network is receiving energy from
world's greatest electrician of his day. He was one
this original plant together with energy from the re-
of those particularly gifted with a generous number of
cently completed first atomic-energy generating facility.
talents. These included an encyclopaedic grasp of many
An early important application of electricity was for
fields of learning, an easy familiarity with several lan-
street lighting, and Tesla devoted himself to improving
guages, thoroughness in the treatment of technical
are lighting which, with normal alternating current
matters, the ability to lecture with tutorial facility, the
power, produced an objectionable hum. He accordingly
writing of poems in more than a single tongue and the
became interested in high frequeney electric currents
vision to create concepts in the applied sciences so far
and, for the rest of his life, devoted himself primarily to
beyond the times that many years elapsed before in-
experimenting with them. Hertz in 1887 first demon-
strumentalities became available so that they could be
strated the existence of electromagnetic waves, using
put to use.
for the source of high frequency power the relatively
Tesla's mind strode boldly ahead of current thinking.
feeble oscillatory spark discharges of condensers. Tesla's
It was unfettered by the restrictions that blocked the
lofty aspirations required high frequency power on a
efforts of others, and would blithely leap over these re-
vast scale and at very high voltages. In 1891 he pro-
strictions starting afresh with new ideas aimed to
duced a rotating alternator having 384 poles and an
achieve a visionary end result on the road to which he
output frequency of 10,000 cycles per second, followed
would matter-of-factly indicate how important hurdles
by other machines developing up to 25,000 cycles per
were to be conquered, whether or not the means for
second. Tesla believed that undamped current genera-
doing so were available.
tion was very important, but he was a quarter of a cen-
Our existing industrial era would cease to function
tury ahead of the times, as this method did not come
without Tesla's first and greatest contributions. His en-
into practical use until after 1910. His early models
try as a young man into the electrical era came when
used the inductor principle with stationary coils, which
the future of electric power was in chaos and engineers
was the arrangement used for the huge commercial ma-
were speculating as to whether the use of direct current
chines subsequently built for radio communication.
should continue or alternating current should be made
Rotating machines could not provide the high fre-
the standard. Direct current could be transmitted only
quencies and voltages Tesla wanted, so he utilized
a very short distance, but was suitable for running
principles that, he stated in his famous lectures, were
• motors; whereas alternating current could be trans-
well-known to electricians, such as tuned circuits, in-
mitted afar, but efficient motors for using it were non-
duction coils, and oscillatory spark circuits, which he
existent. His brilliant invention of the rotating electric
combined with an oscillation transformer to create the
field, making possible the very simple commutatorless,
spectacular luminous flaming are discharge effects that
nonsynchronous, polyphase induction motor which re-
brought his name to wide fame. He explained and
quired alternating current but eliminated the trouble-
demonstrated this apparatus and high frequency phe-
some and costly brushes and commutators necessary for
nomena in a series of brilliant lectures, the first in 1891
direct current use, cut the Gordian knot and estab-
before the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in
lished a need for the universal availability of polyphase
New York, the second in 1892 before the Institution of
power. The Tesla system was adopted for the first
Electrical Engineers and the Royal Institution in Lon-
power plant at Niagara Falls, completed in 1895, which
don, the Sociéte Internationale Française des Electric.
iens and the Société Française de Physique in Paris, and
+ Chairmas, IRE History Committee.
the third in 1893 before the Franklin Institute in Phila-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 981, "chars": 6276, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1956
Prail: Nikola Terla
1I07
delphia and the National Electric Light Association in
St. Louis. In these lectures Tesla's galloping mind trav-
ersed the gamut of scientific thinking including specu-
lations on the electrical nature of the structure of mat-
ter. In addition he had an extensive exhibit at the Chi-
cago World's Fair in 1893. It was only a matter of a
couple of years when practically every technical school
of note throughout the world had a Tesla Coil appa-
ratus. The impact of these teachings on high frequency
research by both scholars and students was enormous.
Tesla's revelations and accomplishments encom-
passed a wide variety of subjects. Early in 1890 he de-
scribed how metal and dielectrics could be heated in the
fields of specially designed high frequency coils, fore-
casting the commercial high frequency furnace and the
present day dielectric heating industry. Experimenting
on himself, he demonstrated the effect of high fre-
quency currents on the human body, a technique now
called diathermy. Prior to 1893, starting where Sir
William Crookes left off, he further developed vacuum
and gas-filled tubes adopting special types of glass and
coating them with phosphors. He bent these luminous
tubes to fit a room or to form words. Long after, neon
signs appeared, and still longer after, fluorescent lamps
were introduced. Tesla once commented that the way
to efficiently conduct high frequency currents was by
using a cable made up of many insulated small wires,
but he observed such material was not available. In
later years this appeared under the name of Litzen-
draht. One of the novelties he predicted was the use of
cheap, synchronous electric clocks on a world-wide
basis, and he demonstrated such clocks at the World's
Fair in 1893. He said that the future of aviation, then
nonexistent except for balloons, depended on the de-
velopment and use of aluminum. It must be remem-
bered that aluminum then was scarce and expensive to
make and only became a practical material with the ad-
vent of the cheap and plentiful electric power needed
for the reduction of its ore. Thus the aviation industry
of today owes a substantial heritage to this unconven-
tional mastermind. Tesla's disclosures in his early lec-
tures, and patents on the generation of high frequency
currents, described devices which became important
many years later, For example, rotary spark gaps and
series spark gaps with small spacings became basic ele-
ments in the wireless telegraph systems of the 1909 to
1920 period.
Tesla's versatility in creating uses for high frequency
currents caused him, in his February, 1892 lecture, to
forecast the possibility of transmitting power through
space without the use of conducting wires. In that same
month Sir William Crookes published a prediction that
electromagnetic waves in space would be used for
telegraphically communicating through space without
the use of wires. Tesla's concept was to disturb the elec-
trostatic condition of the earth, setting up standing
waves on its whole surface by exciting it with high fre-
quency power and then taking off power anywhere that
wave amplitude was present. While Crookes did not
discuss or pursue methods, Tesla, commencing with his
1893 lecture, described elevated antennas connected to
the earth with wires for both transmission and recep-
tion, and pointed out the importance of applying the
principle of electrical resonance to these arrangements,
even making their tuning variable.
In 1896 he conducted experiments resulting in the
transmission of signals some 25 miles to a Hudson River
boat. To make continuous waves in a receiving system
audible, he suggested the use of vibrating contacta,
which years later became the accepted practice until
the introduction of the heterodyne beat note method.
In 1898 he demonstrated and patented a radio con-
trolled vessel, the forerunner of the present-day guided
missile. For this purpose he stated that any waves, im-
pulses, or radiations which are received through the
earth, water, or atmosphere could be used" and that
*vessels or vehicles of any suitable kind may be used as
life, despatch or pilot boats, or the like, or for carrying
letters, packages, provisions, instruments, objects, or
materials of any description, for establishing communi-
cation with inaccessible regions and exploring the con-
ditions existing in the same, for killing or capturing
whales or other animals of the sea, and for many other
scientific, engineering, or commercial purposes; but the
greatest value of my invention will result from its el-
fect upon warfare and armaments, for by reason of its
certain and unlimited destructiveness it will tend to
bring about and maintain permanent peace among na-
tions." At the turn of the century Tesla talked about
radio broadensting saying: *1 have no doubt that it will
prove very efficient in enlightening the masses, par-
ticularly in still uncivilized countries and less accessible
regions, and that it will add materially to general safety.
comfort and convenience, and maintenance of peaceful
relations. It involves the employment of a number of
plants, all of which are capable of transmitting indi-
vidualized signals to the uttermost confines of the
earth. Each of them will be preferably located near some
important center of civilization and the news it re-
ceives through any channel will be flashed to all points
of the globe. A cheap and simple device, which might
be carried in one's pocket, may then be sul
up some-
where on sea or land, and it will record the world's news
or such special messages as may be intended for it." In
1917 he forecast radar by indicating the possibility of
shooting out a pulsed concentrated ray of very high
power vibrating at the tremendous frequency of mil-
lions of times per second and then intercepting it after
being reflected from a hidden object and displaying this
reflected ray on a fluorescent screen. The means for ac-
complishing these several concepts were not developed
until twenty years or more later.
Teala's idealized dream of causing the whole terrestrial
globe to oscillaté electrically engaged a great deal of his
attention. He made extensive experiments at Colorado
Springs in 1899 where he produced artificial lightning

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 728, "chars": 4865, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1108
PROCEEDINGS OF THE IRE
September
crashes 135 lect long. Later he constructed a 200-foot
left for others to pick up and embody for less ambitious
high tower on Long Island surmounted by a 70-foot
but more practical purposes. For this reason Tesla's in-
metal sphere which was to be excited by millions of high
fluence on the development of radio was known to but a
frequency volts for broadcasting telegraphy, speech,
limited number of people. A few eminent persons who
vision, and power, but it was never completed. Tesla's
attended or read his lectures during the 1890 decade
indefatigable strivings to implement his apparently un-
were inspired by his revelations and some others, who
clear and visionary concept did not succeed. He neg-
later delved into the backgrounds of the art, became
lected to leave behind any clear record of conclusions
aware of the pioneering import of his contributions.
from the Colorado experiments and other subsequent
Far ahead of his time, mistaken as a dreamer by his
work. Unfortunately he was severely handicapped in
contemporaries, Tesla stands out as not only a great in-
later years because of lack of funds, not only for experi-
ventor but, particularly in the field of radio, as the
menting, but also for personal living. A friend once
great teacher. His early uncanny insight into alternat-
wrote of Tesla that the goddesses of Fame and Fortune
ing current phenomena enabled him, perhaps more than
are capricious. one of them having smiled on him but
any other, to create by his widespread lectures and
not the other.
demonstrations an intelligent understanding of them.
Tesla characteristically seemed indifferent toward the
and inspired others not yet acquainted with this almost
commercial application of his ideas, preferring to follow
unknown field of learning, exciting their interest in mak-
the lure of new challenges. Since his basic objective after
ing improvements and practical applications. Many
about 1893 was directed towards producing a world- developments generally attributed to others had their
wide series of grandiose electrical effects, the many genesis in the trail-blazing teachings of this pioneer
ideas and items of apparatus which he produced were
genius.
A New Beam-Indexing Color Television
Display System*
R. G. CLAPPİ, SENTOR MEMBER, IRE, E. M. CREAMER, ASSOCIATE MEMBER, IRE, S. W.
MOULTONt, M. E. PARTIN†, ASSOCTATE MEMBER, IRE, AND J. S. BRYANt,
ASSOCIATE MEMBERT, TRE
Summary—This paper describes a single-gun cathode-ray dis- systems are based either on the premise that each ol
play system (the Apple System) for color television receivers based
on the phenomenon of secondary emission. An inder signal, derived
several color phosphors is excited by its own electron
from a secondary emissive structure built into the screen of the tube,
beam while being protected from the other beams by
continuously indicates the position of the scanning spot relative to
mechanical or electromechanical means, or, alternately,
the color phosphor structure. This positional information is combined
that a single electron beam is directed to several color
with the color television signal, and the combined signal modulates
phosphors by electromechanical means. These types of
the scanning spot in amplitude and phase in such a manner that the
display require a mechanical structure within the tube
spot sequentially illuminates the primary colors in tho appropriate
amounts and proportions to reproduce the intended scene. This
and present problems in registration or focus, or both.
paper describes the general features of the system and the philosophy
The beam-indexing system is based on the premise
behind its development, and the derivation of the inder signal and
that a single electron beam can be used to excite the
its utilization in the color-processing and grid-drive circuits.
several color phosphors without auxiliary color deflee-
INTRODUCTION
tion or beam shadowing. Instead of forcing the beam
to land on a particular phosphor, the beam can be passed
FROM its inception many years ago, the aim of
the Philco color television development program
over all color phosphors in rapid succession and modu-
lated in accordance with its position to produce the
has been to produce a color television display in
required color. Operation in accordance with this prin-
which the picture tube and its external beam-controlling
ciple requires an indexing system to provide information
parts are as simple as possible. Most other color display
concerning the whereabouts of the writing beam and a
modulating system to provide the required beam modu-
* Original manuscript received by the IRE, June 4, 1956; revised
manuscript received June 28, 1956.
† Philco Corp., Philadelphia, Pa.
lation. The beam-indexing display system avoids the
mechanical and registrational problems of other color
