{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T05:14:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4561828, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125313-cejka-some-experiments-in-teslas-lab-with-currents-of-high-potential.pdf", "source_sha256": "706d7907e152d7ec0582a4200b9540d771258bbbd96385a1da63f98b8dceb85e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 673, "chars": 4122, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Electrical Review - N. Y.
March 29, 1899, pp. 195-197, 204.
SOME EXPERIMENTS IN TESLA'S LABORATORY WITH CURRENTS OF HIGH POTENTIAL AND
HIGH FREQUENCY.
To the Editor of Electrical Review:
Since the unfortunate accident of four years ago, which crippled and delayed my
labors in a number of lines so seriously, I have had but little time to devote to
the fulfillment of a duty which, next to that of turning his best efforts to dili-
gent inquiry in the fields he has chosen, is the most important to a scientific man;
namely, that of giving an exact record of the results obtained. I realize with sor-
row every day that, despite of all pains taken to this end, I am gaining but very
slowly on the material accumulated.
Ideas come through a happy inspiration, appar-
ently without much exertion, but it is the working out of the many harassing details
and putting into a presentable form which consumes time and energy. It was impos-
sible to abandon research in new directions, in which I have felt myself irresist-
ibly drawn, and it was equally impossible to do full justice to the work partially
completed, and I can only hope to gradually retrieve my losses by the only expedient
available, which is to redouble the zeal.
It is not the best plan to follow, I con-
fess, and is in radical opposition to the kindly advice given
to me to the effect
that I intended to live 200 years by sleeping most of the time! It may also show
that it is not this mode of life which is responsible for the delay in the commer-
cial introduction of my system of vacuum tube lighting, as has been asserted by
some people who have found a singular satisfaction in dwelling extensively in their
columns on my proposed glass house on Long Island, which was to cover acres of
ground, and which was to be built for the purpose of catching the sun's rays; on my
claims of the discoveries of Roentgen; on my invention enabling me to move and ex-
plode torpedo boats by will power, and on my efforts to annihilate the entire Brit-
ish navy. It is to be hoped that the limit of patience of the readers has been
finally reached.
At that time, still painfully remembered, my energies were taken up principally
by some mechanical problems of great importance, and the few observations in elec-
tricity which I was fortunate to make came like ever so many refreshing berries
found on the road by a weary wanderer. The journey is not finished yet, and the
wanderer is well-nigh exhausted.
He longs
for more sweet berries, and anxiously
asks, "Did any one pass this road before?"
It was chiefly in three directons that electrical investigation was attractive
and promising: There were the excessive electrical pressures of millions of volts,
which opened up wonderful possibilities if producible in practical ways; there were
currents of many hundreds of thousands of amperes, which appealed to the imagination
by their astonishing effects, and, most interesting and inviting of all, there were
the powerful electrical vibrations with their mysterious actions at a distance.
What better work could one do than inventing methods and devising means for enabling
scientific men to push investigation far out into these practically unknown regions?
This work was difficult and tedious and involved a certain amount of material sac-
rifice, but promised a higher reward if successfully accomplished - the gratitude
of those many who exercise their gifts in different directions and are compelled to
rely on the expert for providing them with implements suitable for their special
purpose.
Who can estimate how much science has been advanced by the beautiful in-
struments of measure which Lord Kelvin has given us? Unfortunately, in many of the
new fields such instruments are yet to be invented. Still more unfortunately, in-
formations seems to be more needful than instruments, if one is to judge from state-
ments frequently made in technical periodicals on a variety of subjects.
An experi-
menter, for instance, measures the current through a make-and-break device, and,
finding it small, he infers that the conversion is economical. Another suggests

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4423, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to determine the efficiency of conversion through such a device by the calorimetric
method.
Now, as a matter of fact, if there was such a contivance, absolutely per-
fect in its action, which would behave as I have explained on another occasion, and
change the resistance of a gap from zero to infinity without any loss in the gap
itself, which separates the terminals, it still might happen that 99 per cent of
the energy suppiied to the circuit would be wasted in radiations, useless for the
purpose contemplated.
The calorimetric method would in this, or generally in any
other instance, in which the disturbances produced are very sudden, entirely fail
in giving an approximation as to the energy dissipated in the circuit, for the sim-
ple reason that the friction encountered by a wave in its passage throught a medium,
which determines the amount of heat generated, is no measure whatever of the energy
of the wave.
Thus, certain well understood cases excepted, the only method at pre-
sent available in such estimates is to take account of the energy consumed by the
Source of supply. This remark alone will show that the economical conversion of
currents by make and break devices is a much more difficult problem than it appears
to those who have studied it superficially. Not only must the devices used in the
transformation possess certain characteristics, but the entire circuit must be
properly designed. One can not help admiring the confidence and selfpossession of
experimenters, who put forth carelessly such views and who, with but a few days'
not to say hours'
, experience with a device, apparently unmindful of the respons-
ibility of such a step, and advance their imperfect results and opinions hastily
formed. The sparks may be long and brilliant, the display interesting to witness,
and the audience may be delighted, but one must doubt the value of such demonstra-
tions. There is so little novelty in them, that one might easily perform a practi-
periments and theories, this placing him in an awful predicament.
course would be naturally impolite, it might be found justified and excused by the
circumstances, for premature expressions of opinion and demonstrations of this kind
are responsible for much evil, one of these being the erroneous idea which they
create in scientific circles
as to the importance of an advance made.
It grieves
one to observed that, for example, such great work as that of Professor Dewar, which
ne turns out with clock regularity, is scarcely commented upon in the technical
columns, whereas a worthless trap for interrupting currents, which usually consumes
nine-tenths of the energy, and is, besides, useless for other reasons, and just
suitable for the amusement of small boys, who are beginning their electrical ex-
perience with Leclanche batteries and $1. 50 induction coils, is hailed as an im-
portant scientific discovery.
An agreeable contrast is afforded by those who pa-
tiently investigate, contented to lose the credit for advances made rather than to
present them to the world in an imperfect state, who form their opinions concien-
tiously, after a long and careful study, and have little to correct afterward.
The importance of the task of providing proper implements for research in these
fields once recognized, it became the question in what line the efforts to this end
would be likely to be most profitable. A little thought showed that it was in in-
vestigating high electrical pressures, for these were needed in most instances.
More than a passing thought was given to static electricity, with the experiments
of Franklin as starting point. Various forms of generators of static electricity
were experimented upon, and some new ones designed, to which I hope to revert some
time, as they present some features of interest.
The most valuable outcome of these
experiments was a method of conversion which I have described, and which enables the
operation of any kind of devices of low tension from such a high-pressure source
with perfect ease and safety, no matter how high the tension. Soon, however, it was
recognized that with the above object in view generators of steady pressure were
entirely impractical, quite apart from their incidental limitations. It was exactly
as if one attempted to drive piles into the ground by the application of continuous
pressure. This would require cumbersome and powerful machinery, and would be very

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 681, "chars": 4259, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inconvenient.
An incomparably better way of developing high pressure is by deliver-
ing violent blows as with a hammer. In such a case the motion of the hammer being
suddenly arrested pressure is developed on the point of impact, which is all the
greater the smaller the displacement caused, and if there were material absolutely
rigio, incompressible and inelastic, an infinite pressure might thus be developed
by a small blow.
Hence one if forcibly driven to the use of a transformer or in-
duction coil as means for producing great electrical pressures.
The first diffi-
culty encountered was that of insulation, and it might be interesting and useful to
show, chiefly to those who are less familiar with this special subject, how by grad-
ual improvement, from the ordinary inductorium capable of furnishing currents of
very noderate electro-motive force, an apparatus was finally evolved in which there
is practically no limit as to the pressure obtainable.
Selecting first the closed core transformer, one easily recognizes that it is
unsuitable for the attainment of the object in
view for obvious reasons.
Neverthe-
Tess, by adopting the plan illustrated in the first diagram of fig. 2,
I succeeded
in obtaining nearly 200,000 volts, and I think that more than twice this tension is
practicable by means of such an arrangement, which involves the use of independent
and entirely insulated sources of supplying the primaries, as will be understood
from an inspection of the diagram without further explanation. The evident limit-
ations of the closed-core type in the way of insulation, rate of change and fre-
quency of the current impulses, led to the adoption of an open-core type, as a mat-
ter of course, and the various diagrams of the figure referred to illustrate the
modifications as they were gradually made in the manner of insulating and winding of
the coils. In diagram 2 the old, primitive method of insulation is indicated.
diagram 3 the succeeding layers are insulated by material increasing in thickness
gradually from one end to the other, being thickest on the place of greatest dif-
Terence of potential. The thickness is easily calculated beforehand, and is such
that all the insulation is as nearly as possible uniformly strained.
As it was
impracticable to pile up many layers in the manner illustrated in diagram 3, natu-
rally the modification illustrated in diagram 4 was made, which led to a further im-
provement, indicated in diagram 5. It was recognized, however, that there was no
advantage in winding many coils,
and that all that was needed were two secondary
coils joined in the middle, as illustrated in diagram 6, the secondaries being, of
two secondary coils being joined on their outer, instead of on their inner ends, as
before.
This construction was considerably better than that illustrated in diagran
6, as the primary and secondary coils were placed in closer inductive relation. But
when with this coil the tension had been pushed far enough,
it was found that the
iron core limited the spark length, and then two insulated cores, one in each coil,
were resorted to, which were finally discarded, and so the coil shown in diagram 8
resulted, which I have described on several occasions and which, of all other con-
structions, permites the obtainment of the highest possible tension with a two-
terminal coil in a given space.
But even in this perfected type it was not possible to go beyond a certain po-
tential difference, and a further investigation led to a new type, which I have cal-
led a single terminal coil, and which is illustrated in diagram 9 and is now well
known. In this coil the adjustment is so made that the secondary is nearly equal
to the quarter of the wave length, the highest potential being, under these condi-
tions, produced on the free terminal.
Subsequently I extended such adjustment also
to the coils in diagram 8, improving the same materially.
During these efforts I fortunatly discovered the important part which air played
in the breaking down of the insulation, and by adopting proper methods for the ex-
clusion of gaseous matter, I was able to increase the electro-motive force to more
than 10 times the value without breaking down the secondary. 1 have described this

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 679, "chars": 4385, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
method since, which I am using in the manufacture of coils and condensers, and
without which it would be entirely impossible to reach any such results as I have
obtained. The industrial world has profited by the recognition of the action of
the air, for it has helped to extend power transmission to greater distances than
heretofore practicable.
It has also been useful in determining the limits of the
electro-motive forces with ordinary apparatus used in power transmission, but I see
that no attempt is yet made to overcome the streamers by a suitable construction of
the cables, as I have indicated, and thus make higher electro-motive forces avail-
able.
Further experimentation with the original single-terminal coil, before referred
to, finally Ted step by step the adoption of a coil of large dimensions, which, in
two typical forms, is illustrated in diagrams 10 and 11. With such a coil I found
that there was practically no limit to the tension available, and it is by it means
that I discovered the most important of all facts arrived at in the course of my
investigation in these fields. One of these was that atmospheric air, though or-
dinarily a perfect insulator, conducted freely the currents of immense electro-
motive force producible by such coils and suitable accessories.
So great is the
conductivity of the air, that the discharge issuing from a single terminal behaves
as if the atmosphere were rarefied.
Another fact is that this conductivity increas-
es very rapidly with rarefaction of the atmosphere and augmentation of the electri-
cal pressure, to such an extent that at barometric pressures which permit of no
transit of ordinary currents, those generated by such a coil pass with great fee-
dom through the air as through a copper wire. Following up these promising revela-
tions I demonstrated conclusively by experiments that great amounts of electrical
energy can be transmitted to any distance through upper air strata which are easily
accessible, and since this truth has been recognized every fiber has been strained
to realize such a transmission on a large scale. These two obvervations explain
clearly the silent discharges noted frequently in dense air strata, but three or
four miles above the earth's surface..
One more equally important
fact I may men-
tion, which was simultaneously observed. The discharges of such a coil, when of
an electro-motive force of a few millions of volts, excite powerful affinities in
the atmospheric nitrogen, causing it to combine readily with the oxygen and other
elements, particularly in the presence of aqueous vapor. So energetic are these
actions and so strangely do such powerful discharges behave, that I have often ex-
perienced a fear that the atmosphere might be ignited, a terrible possibility, which
Sir William Crookes, with his piercing intellect, has
already considered. Who
knows but such a calamity is possible? And who can tell with certitude that that
periodical cessations of organic life on the globe mignt not be caused by ignition
of the air and destruction of its life-sustaining qualities, accidentally or as a
consequence of some accumulative change? A Tump of coal will lie for centuries
unaffected in contact with oxygen, but the combustion once started, the process
continues as long as there are elements to combine.
While improving the construction of the transformers, every effort was made to
perfect the apparatus for generating the currents.
The objective point from the
outset was to obtain the greatest possible rate of variation.
High-frequency al-
ternators were first used, but their limitations were soon apparent. I then turned
again and again to make and break devices, chiefly with the object of using them in
connection with a novel form of transformer, which I have previously described, and
wich 15 now well known and understood. In its original form, as I first showed it,
it is illustrated in diagram 12, which need not be dwelt upon, beyond saying that
one of the characteristic features of such an instrument is the energizing of the
primary of the induction coil by the rapidly succeeding discharges of a condenser.
In a more recent type, specially adapted for ordinary supply circuits, which I
nave described and shown before several scientific societies, the transformer
comprises, as indicated in diagram 13, three coils, there being, in addition to

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4362, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the primary and secondary coils, one which receives the currents from the supply
circuft, and is designated the charging coil. Preferably the latter is not in in-
ductive relation with the former.
On a number of occasions I have described high-
frequency apparatus embodying this beautiful method, which has already been of great
value to science in my hands as well as in those of others.
But a defect, to which
I called attention early, still confronted me.
It lay in the make and break devices
which performed the function of charging and discharging the condenser. Many of
such devices, based on a variety of principles, formed the subject of experiments
carried on with the aim of doing away with this imperfection. To cite one of these,
the current from the source of supply was passed through a minute column of conduct-
ing liquid maintained in a variety of ways, and in this simple manner rapidly suc-
Incidentally, some useful results were secured with
these contrivances, as, for example, the generation of currents of differing phase
and the production of rotating fields moving with constant velocity; but, interest-
ing as these simple devices were, they naturally precluded the possibility of eco-
nomical conversion.
. Their study, however, was useful as a means of recognizing the
requirements of such make and break apparatus, and, finally, led to forms based on
scientific and economical principles. A number of these were recently described
in technical periodicals and, as stated on a former occasion, they fulfill their
difficult duty surprisingly well and make it possible to obtain currents of very
high frequency from ordinary supply circuits with great economy.
These novel con-
trivances Tend themselves well also to the uses of the ordinary induction coil, and
I have employed them with equal success in a form of Plante's rheostatic machine
and for many other useful purposes.
Thus, after a continuous effort extending
through a number of years, i have the supreme satisfaction of having carried this
hard and important task to a satisfactory end.
The annexed photographs will serve to convey an idea of what can be done with
these perfected implements. Referring to Fig. 1, illustrative of the high rate of
change obtained in the current, a vacuum bulb of about 12 inches in diameter is
held in front of a coil of four turns of specially constructed heavy cable, through
which a condenser is discharging, and, although at a distance of several inches
from the cofl, the gas in the bulb is brought to intense incandescence, the light
Such a powerfully energized coil, when
the frequency, as in this instance, is measured in millions per second, shows little
repellent action, but when the frequency of the impulses is low, closed conductors,
as washers of conducting material, are thrown off with a force of a magnitude which
can be only explained on the assumption that the currents have maximum values of
many hundred thousand amperes.
The remaining photographs will be understood from the titles, which are made ex-
plicit for this purpose.
I hope to have in the near future an opportunity for des-
cribing more of such experiments, and dwelling in detail on the apparatus used.
For the present 1 am compelled,
for want of time, to merely state that the vibra-
tions used in most of them were from 400,000 to 800,000 per second.
In conclusion I wish to apologize for the frequent appearance of my likeness in
these photographs, which is distasteful to me, but was unavoidable.
Most of the ad-
vances indicated, and a number of others, have resulted from the application of the
beautiful principle upon which the operation of this apparatus is based. Scientific
men have honored me by identifying it with my name, and I have earnestly endeavored
to show myself worthier of this great distinction by devoting to it much of my en-
ergies.
No desire for material advantages has animated me in all this work, though
I hope, for the sake of the continuance of my labors, that these will soon follow,
naturally, as a compensation for valuable services rendered to science and industry.
To the scientific experts, who are familiar, in theory and experiment, with electri-
cal vibrations, the results here shown will, I believe, speak in eloquent language.
But those readers to whom they are naturally less intelligible will ask: What are

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 215, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
a ee

= aie e
I re ie it

ne

LIGHT OF

IGHTING A DISCONNECTED VACUDM BULB

TSELF, EXPOSURE ABOUT TWO SECONDS.

=
=

] =
OF 1,560 CANDLE POWER BY HIGH=FRECUENCY

CURRENTS - PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN BY THE

THE BULB I

PIG,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 300, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
5 = rit |
‘a - (rh i = 1 al a
|

“7

Sh. FRE rt. ossy neers

Pit = = eg Ml “Se Bl " i
ae ee ee ee

Ppl ndhinab a i aut pa ia T- A Bnd

44

PIG. 2 - TABLE OF DIAGRAMS ILLUSTRATING THE EVOLUTION OF A HISH=-TENSION TRANS PORMER
ENABLING THE PRODUCTION OF ELECTRO-MOTIVE FORCES OF MANY MILLIONS OF VOLTS

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 592, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG. 3
-
PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING A PART OF THE LABORATORY, WITH
A DISCONNECTED
RESONATING COIL SUPPORTED ON AN
INSULATING STAND, AND
ILLUMINATED
BY
THE
STREAMERS PRODUCED, OTHER COILS REMAINING UNAFFECTED - THE PRESSURE DEVELOFED
IN THE RESONATING COIL IS OVER HALF A MILLION VOLTS.
FIG. 4 - PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING AN INCAN-
DESCENT LAMP LIGHTED BY A SYNCHRO-
NIZED CIRCUIT COMPOSED OF A WIRE LOOP
AND CONDENSER, AND ENERGIZED
BY WAVES
TRANSMITTED FROM A DISTANCE.
FIG. 5 - PHOTOGRAPH SHOWING AN INCAN-
DESCENT LAMP LIGHTED BY MEANS OF WAVES
TRANSMITTED THROUGH SPACE TO A COIL WITH-
OUT A CONDENSER.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 133, "chars": 875, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG. 6 - EXPERIMENI ILLUSTRATING THE ACTION OF
A SYNCHRONIZED CIRCUIT ENERGIZED BY WAVES
TRANSMITTED FROM A DISTANT OSCILLATOR - THE
ENERGY RECEIVED IS ZRANSFERRED UPON ANOTHER
UNRESPONSIVE CIRCUIT, LIGHTING
THE INCANDES-
CENT LAMP ATTACHED TO THE SAME.
FIG. 7 - EXPERIMENT SHOWING A COIL ENER-
GIZED BY THE WAVES OF A DISTANT OSCIL-
LATOR AND ADJUSTED TO THE CAPACITY OF THE
BODY DF THE OPERATOR, WHO PRESERVES HIM-
SELF FROM INJURY BY MAINTAINING A POSI-
TION AT THE NODAL POINT, WHERE THE INTENSE
VIBRATION IS LITTLE FELT - THE PRESSURE ON
THE END OF THE COIL
TOWARDS THE READER,
WHICH IS ILLUMINATED BY
THE POWERFUL
STREAMERS, IS NEARLY HALF A MILLION VOLTS.
FIG. 8 - PHOTOGRAPH OF THE EXPERIMENTER
STANDING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE LABORATORY
AND LIGHTING A VACUUM BULB BY WAVES FROM
A DISTANT OSCILLATOR - HIS BODY IS, IN
THIS CASE, SUBJECTED TO GREAT ELECTRICAL
PRESSURE.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 775, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG. 10 - IN CHIS EXPERIMENT THE OPERA-
TOR'S BODY IS CHARGED TO A GREAT PRES-
SURE BY A DIRECT CONNECTION WITH
AN
OSCILLATOR - THE PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS A
SHEET OF ZIN OF DETERMINED SIZE, HELD
IN HAND - THE OPERATOR IS ON THE TOP OF
A STATIONARY ELECTRICAL DAVE, AND THE
BAR AND SHEET ARE BOTH ILLUMINATED BY
THE VIOLENTLY AGITATED AIR SURROUNDING
THEM - ONE OF THE VACUUM TUBES GLOWS
BRIGHTLY, BEING AFFECTED BY THE VIBRA-
TIONS TRANSMITTED 20 IT FROM THE OPER-
ATOR'S BODY.
PIG. 9 - THE OPERATOR'S BODY,
IN THIS EXPERIMENT, IS CHARG-
ED TO A HIGH POTENTIAL
BY
MEANS OF A COIL RESPONSIVE TO
THE WAVES TRANSMITTED TO II
FROM A DISTANT OSCILLATOR,
AND A LONG GLASS TUBE WAVED
IN THE HAND IS LIGHTED TO
GREAT BRILLIANCE BY THE ELEC-
TRICAL CHARGES CONVEYED TO IT
THROUGH THE BODY-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1616, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FIG. 11 - PHOTOGRAPH OF AN ACTIVE TERMINAL OF AN IMPROVED OSCILLATOR,
USED IN TESLA'S EXPERIMENTS POR TRANSMITTING ELECTRICAL ENERGY TO
GREAT DISTANCES WITHOUT WIRES - WIDTH OF ILLUMINATED SPACE IS 18 FEET-
THE PRESSURE ON THE TERMINAL IS ABOUT EIGHT MILLION VOLTS.
they good for, and what do they or have they demonstrated? To them it may be said
that they have shown and proved among many other things: That ordinary currents
can be transformed with high economy into electrical vibrations of any pitch, which
are needed in many novel arts; they have shown that electrical energy in great am-
ounts can be efficiently and safely transmitted without the use of wires to any
point of the globe, however distant; they have furnished proof that the movements
and operation of bodies and machinery carried by the same can be controlled from a
great distance without any tangible connection whatever and with absolute precision;
they have proved the practicability of a system of signaling without wires, not
with the imperfect appliances as before attempted, which can not be tuned and are
rendered useless by the play of a small induction
coil, but by means of apparatus
producing powerful oscillations and circuits in exact synchronism, with which it is
impossible to interfere; they have shown that atmospheric nitrogen can be readily
combined and valuable products manufactured, merely by the application of cheap
water power, and that light, diffusive like that of the sun, can be produced with
an economy greater than obtainable in the usual ways and with lamps that never con-
N. Tesla.
New York, March 26, 1899
