{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T01:55:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4052256, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125376-cejka-a-german-cancer-therapy.pdf", "source_sha256": "0eef9311c0f97ea8f08fd612134afc45dda7781fd091e0d2e59c3143f2800341"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 921, "chars": 6037, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OTTOO
170T
A German Cancer Therapy
By Betty Gwyneth Morales
A non-toxic cancer therapy in
Germany draws the usual fire from
orthodoxy. A British TV program
featured five terminal cancer
ViC-
tims. One of the cancer victims was
Peter Newton-Fenbow whose predict-
ed allotted time had run down to two
months, maximum. He locked like a
living skeleton, had large blotches
on his face and body, carried an
inoperable tumor in his abdomen.
and
could barely walk on crutches.
Another of the terminal cancer vic-
tims was Christina Skinner. She was
dying of a metastasised breast can-
cer and had been told by her doe-
for that her time had nearly run
Dr. Josef Issell, a German doctor
with a clinic in Ringberg, Germany,
had been using a new cancer therapy
since 1966, discovered by a Bulgar-
biochemist,
Prodan Christoff,
who had experimented successfully
on animals. Technically called F-16.
the substance has been named CHI-
23 by its discoverer. Through Neue
Reme, a German pictorial review.
Dr. Josef Issell learned of the five
Britains who had appeared on the
program as death candi-
dates. Immediately he took the ne-
issary steps to invite the cancer
etims to come to his clinic for
CH-23 therapy, without charge.
Within four months from the time
that Peter and Christine started
CH-23 therapy each was a
testimonial, a living miracle." Peter,
who had been in
intense pain for
over ten years, went skiing before
returning to England
Christine Skinner has also return-
ed to her family, but her husband,
who was apparently healthy,
died of a sudden heart attack. Now
it is doubly important that Chris-
tine's life was spared and the once
killer cancer has instead apparently
been killed by Dr. Issell's timely
treatment with CH-23.
Dr. Erich Berger of Klagenfurth,
Austria, had a patient 35 years old
suffering with advanced cancer of
the liver, metastasised to the lymph
glands. Her name is Anna Schaefer,
and she lives today,
because her
doctor agreed to try anything which
might help to save her life. He sent
for Prodon Christoff, the Bulgarian
biochemist who discovered and prov-
ed CH-23, to aid in administering
the new therapy, After just three
treatments. one
each week, Anna
Schaefer's cancerous tumors shrank,
and she was able to return home,
This was in 1963 and today, after
examination by three physicians,
there is no sign or symptom of can-
ORGANIC
Fruits • Vegetables
Honey
Nuts
Raw Cashew Pieces
5 lb. $5.50
Unsulfured Jumbo Prunes
5 Ib.
3.75
Organie Desert Dates ....
5 Ib.
3.75
Figs Calimyrna
5 lb.
4.75
Monukka Raisins
5 Ib.
3.50
Unsulfured Apricots
5 1b.
7.75
Shelled Sunflower Seeds
3 lb.
4.50
Almonds,
Walnuts, Filberts,
or Brazils, shelled ..
3 Ib.
Pignolls
3 Ib.
4.95
6.95
Sesame Seed or Poppy
Seed
1 lb.
1.50
Pumpiin Seeds, shelled
1 lb
1.75
Shipped postpaid anywhere In the United
Staten.
We feature
the largest selection
ef
tranh,
organickly-grown
produce
Northern California?
Sorry -but
ordere can be filled on perishable vege-
table.
DeMARTINI
ORCHARD
66 San Antenio Road
LOS ALTOS, CALIF
(Mile west of El Camino Real)
WHitecliff 8-3738
In 1964 a 58 year old woman from
Italy come to Dr. Issell's clinic be-
cause she
was suffering from in-
operable brain tumor, diagnosed by
her physician as fatal. Within a few
weeks after her first treatment with
CH-23 the tumor could no longer be
found, and she was discharged as
well, to return home, She is living
experienced
symptoms, although medical science
will not consider her
"cured"
until
after five years without recurrence,
which will be 1969
All of Dr. Issell's patients are
also subjected to an intense detoxi-
fication program in his clinic at
Ringberg. Germany.
educated to a totally nutritious diet
of "reformed foods.
" the German
designation for the American equiva-
lent of health foods. For these reas-
ons, as well as for the "unorthodox"!
medicine has
strenuously opposed Dr. Issell's
work, in arrogant disregard of his
demonstrated successes with humer-
ous cancer victims counted 'expend-
able" by these same orthodox practi-
In spite of the professional pres-
sures, ridicule and intimidation of
other doctors showing interest in CH-
23, the clinics in Ringberg and Bad
Reichenhall are filled to overflowing
The pilgrimage of once hopeless hu-
man wrecks meets those departing,
full of new life and renewed hope,
and the waiting list grows.
How long will the American pub-
lic permit the sacrifice of precious
human lives, endure this needless
suffering? One public official said.
in an interview, that a cancer cure
would ruin the U.S. economy!
German: a
"Committee
Against Tyranny in Medicine" has
been formed. In the U.S. Mrs. Cecile
P. Hoffman, herself a former termi-
nal cancer victim, has lived (through
Laetrile) and formed "Cancer Vic-
tims and Friends" (International).
5625 El Cajon Blvd., San Diego, Cali-
fornia. It is non-profit and education-
al. $5.00 makes you a member, plus
the monthly Cancer News Journal
Please give us 3 weeks notice of
change of address. Give both old and
new address.
NATURAL LIVING
We are the largest lay organization
devoted to teaching natural living in
its entirety through the books of Dr.
Herbert M. Shelton and other Naturai
Hygiene pioneers. Membership open
to all. Chapters nation wide. Your
Inquiry is invited
The American Natural
Hygiene Society, Inc.
205 W. Wacker Drive
Chicago, III. 60606
16
Dr. Alice Chase feaches how to cor-
rect bodily health. Periods of treat-
ment from four days to a month. 1
Natural methods, scientifically ap-
plied. Correspondence guidance wher
possible. Moderate fees.
Six chapter booklet $1,00, Seventi
chapter NUTRITION FOR HEALT!
$5.00.
DR. ALICE CHASE, D.O., Ph.D.
16 First Ave. Nyack, New York
Polaon Oale, Ivy, Sumach
Carile,
250 pille S
Parales,
and Celery 250
Campher, Help Break up
Dilla
Colda ....
Altalta
Tablota
250 pills
250
THE
TWELVE SCHUSSLER'S
pilla
REMEDIES
Per complete set
Send for eircular.
Add 3ão postago on all orders
HAN SHAN
HOMEOPATHIC PHARMAN
324 W. Saratoga St., Baltimore ne
Between Howard and Butan Saf
Herald of Health
No /of%

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2353, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tan 1968
Scienticte Ree, 763
VIRUS SHELL can he visualized ns being folded from a bexagonul
lattice of ammetric shapes (eft in which groups of six shapes
(hexamers) can be distinguished (dork shopes). If a 60-degree see-
tor in removed from such a lattice, the edges can be rejoined with-
specific function. The absence of gene
fected by the T4 virus. If one applies the
No. 21 induces the formation of abnor-
produet of this gene to disrupted cells
mal heads that apparently contain no
that contain Jumps of the major virus
DNA or only very small amounts of it.
protein, the lumps disappear. This test-
Gene No. 31 contributes a "solubility
tube result is confirmed with a particular
factor," without which the major pro-
mutant virus in which the product of
tein derived from gene No. 23 aggre-
gene No. 31 is inactive when it is formed
gates into Jumps instead of staying in
at a high temperature but is activated as
solation and is therefore not available
the temperature is lowered. When cells
for the assembly of the capsid. Two of
infected with this mutant are incubated
my students have demonstrated the ac-
at a high temperuture, the lumps are
tion of gene No. 31 both in the test tube
produced, as soon as the temperature 1s
and in living cells of the bacterium in-
lowered the lumps disappear and the
american
a
out disturbing the fit of the shapes: a cone is formed and a hexamer
is replaced by a pentamer. Thie iustration is bused on a pat-
tern devised by D. L. D. Caspar of the Children's Cancer Re-
search Foundation and Aaron Klug of the University of Cambridge.
redissolved product of gene No. 23 be-
comes available for virus assembly.
The fact that the same major sub-
unit can be assembled into at least three
morphologically distinet particles-the
normal head, the short head and the
polyhead-shows that the subunit de-
rived from gene No. 23 is not fully
shape specifying. In an effort to under-
stand how the head genes work we have
concentrated on the polyhead, which ap-
pears to be a very simple variant. First
we undertook to find out what order of
Pyramido tracter
ty pl
T4 BACTERIOPHAGE is shown schematically (a) as its form
has been deduced from microgruphs such as the one at the top of
page 33. It now seems that the head capsid is a kind of prolate
icosahedren. It is as if two pyramidal verteses of an icoschedren
36

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2331, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ICOSAHEDRON, a polyhedron with 20 faces and 12 vertexes, in
built from the bexagonal lattice (top of opposite page), If each
hexamer is converted into a pentamer, the result is the smullest
virus shell for this lattice, a regular icosabedron with 60 subunits
(left. The nest larger shell for this lattice has 20 hexamere in addi-
tion to the pentamers, or 160 subunits (center). Like the shell at
the left, it has icosubedeal nymmetry (righri, that ie, it hur three
kinds of axes of symmetry (color): fivefold, threefold and twofold.
morphopoiesis its assembly represents.
morphopoietic information. The other
To do so we made double mutants:
two, bowever, are certainly morpho-
viruses in which the fonctions of two
poietic. We can say, then, that the mor-
head genes were blocked by mutations. In
phopolesis of polyheads is probably of
each case one mutation was in gene No.
the second order, with two independent
20 (the polyhead gene) and the other in
functions carried out by the major pro-
one of the other known head genes see
tein of gene No. 23 and by the elongat-
bottom illustration on next pagel. The
ing factor of gene No. 66. This compara-
results indicate that polyheads are not
tively low order of morphopolesis of the
formed without the active products of
polyheads means that we can hope soon
at least three genes: No. 23, No. 66 and
No. 31. Since No. 31 produces a solu-
to know in detail just what the factors
do; then it should be possible to isolate
bility factor, it is unlikely to contribute and purify them, leam their chemistry
and eventually attempt to assemble
polyheads in the test tube.
It is already clear that the shape-speci-
fying information cannot be very strin-
gent. This is indicated by the wide varia-
bility in the diameter of the polyheads
and by the fact that various degrees of
pitch can be imparted to the folded
hexagonal lattice of subunits that forms
a polyhead cylinder. The pitch can be
measured because the polyheads in a
sample prepared for electron macros-
copy are flattened and two layers of
Pyramide TY fe
startese
were separated by two 10 faceted "equatorial bands" intend of by
the usual one hand (four drawings at "D"). Whereas the icosabe-
dron has three classes of symmetry, however, the prolate bae-
teriophage capsid has only two classes: fivefold and twofold (c).
37

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1210, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
spheres attract
Life energy
RB
D,5
VACCNA VIRUS
crystats
Concattate
Forel
ORF VIRUS
MUMPS VIRUS
spirals trapthe
Lite Force in sidof tates
transter
T-EVEN BACTERIOPHAGE
HERPES VIRUS
tubes stans fer Lito Foret
TIPULA IRIDESCENT VIRUS
INFLUENZA VIRUS
TOBACCO MOSAIC VIRUS
ADENOVIRUS
ONE MICRON
RELATIVE SIZES OF VIRUSES are shown in this chort. A mi-
cron, Dred as a measuring etick, le a thousandth of a millimeter; it
in enlarged 175,000 times. The five viruses seith polyhedeal struc-
POLTOMA VIRUS
FOLOMYELITIS VIRUS
tures possess cubic symmetry. The tobacco mesale viree and the
internal components of influenza and mumps viru- have belical
symmetry, The remaining viruses exhibie complex symmetry.
TIPULA IRIDESCENT VIRUS, an insert virus, is so large that it*
peometrically regular tracture shows up clearly when specimens
are shadowed with atoms of a heary metal and enlarged in the eler-
tron microsope. In the doubls shadowed micrograph 1e!t
the
virus particles are enlarged about 58,000 diometers, The shadows
indicate that each particle is a repulur seosabedron trighri. The
micrograph was mode by Kenneth Smith of the University of Cam-
bridge and Robley C. Williams of the Univereity of California.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 924, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
K 3) 0,5
AXES OF SYMMETRY are shown for a regular icosahedron, a fig-
ure with 12 corners, 20 faces and 30 edges. Viewed along an axi-
at any corner, the figure can be rotated in five positions without
changing its appearance (leja). Rotated around any face axis a
regular icorahedron exhibits threefold symmetry (middles. Rotated
around any edge asis, the figure shows thofold symmetry fright!.
a
b
CAPSID
«ї! ПЛ,
CORE
CAPSOMERE
ENVELOPE
VIRUS NOMENCLATURE covers principal
features obeerved in electron micrographs.
HERPES VIRUS sometimes has an envelope (a). The magnification is 310,000 diam
eler. The capsid (0) is composed of 162 cap-omeres. Negative stainine de) indicates
RADIOLARIANS,
smull
marine organisms
have skeletons built of pentagons and hexagons.
ALTERNATIVE SCHEMES «how how a regular icosabedron containing 42 pentagonal
and bexagonal capsomers (felt) could be bailt up from 120 (or 240] small subunite.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Help
trianglette force
FoRCIS
ADENOVIRUS is shown embedded in phosphotung tate, magnified abom one million diam-
eters deftl. The dewving shows how the particle's 252 surfare subunits, or capsomeres
are arranged with icosahedral synumetry. There are 12 on corners, 240 on faces of edges,
Honey Come
Store
Lite Force
d
that they are hollow, The drawing «d) shows jeosabedral arrangement. Mierographs are by
P. Wildy and W. C. Howell of the Institute of Virology in Glasgow and the author.
Life Force is
• organe energ
POLTOMA VIRUS is magnified one million diameters in micrograph by Wildy, M. G. P.
Staker and 1. A. Marphereon of the Institote of Virologs, It has 42 capsomeres (righri.
R
P,S
cubic
syrametry includes the regular
tetrahedron (four faces), dodecahedron
(12 faces) and icosahedron (20 faces).
Shadowed preparations of the tipula
indescent virus, which causes a disease
in the larvae of several inseets, showed
it to have the shape of a regular icosabe-
dron, and the summetry was self-evident
[see bottom illustration on page 49]
Smaller viruses, on the other hand, do
not reven] symmetry unless they are
examined at very high magnifiention.
and this requines the use of negative
phesphotungstate staining
Consicer the symmetry properties of
a regular icosphedron, in which ench
face is an equilateral triangle. If spokes
are projected from the center of the
cosahedron through the corners of the
triangles, the spokes will represent one
axis of rotational symmetry. Spokes pro-
jected from the center of the solid
through the center of each fuce will rep-
resent a second axis. And spokes pro-
jected from the center through the mid-
point of each edge will represent a third
axis. (There will be 12 corner spokes,
20 face spokes and 30 edge spokes.) If
the icosabedron is viewed along
• the
spoke at any corner, one finds that the
body can be rotated in five positions
without changing its appearance [sce
top Illustration on opposite page]. If the
icosuhedron is viewed along the spoke
at any face, the beely can be rotated in
three positions without changing its ap-
pearance. And if the icoschedron in
viewed along an edge spoke, it can be
rotated in two positions without change
of appearance. The regular icosabedron
is thus said to have 5.3.2 symmetry.
Let us see now what implication this
symmetry pattern has for a particle of
adenovirus, which is associated with
respiratory disease in man. The electron
microscope shows that the surface of
the particle is composed of regularly
arranged structural units resembling
tiny balls. Moreover, these balls are seen
on the vertexes, faces and edges of an
icosahedron [see top illustration on this
page]. One can identify certain balls sur
rounded by five neighbors, which indi-
cates that they are located on vertexes
and therefore on axes of fivefuld symme-
try. Balls surrounded by sis neighbors
must lie on faces or edges and thus must
occupy axes of either threefold or two-
fold symmetry. Along each edge there
are six balls, including two balls occupy-
ing vertexes. To calculate the total num-
ber of balls covering the entire icosabe-
dron one applies the simple formula
10(n - 1): + 2, where n is the number
of balls along one edge Substituting 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 3244, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BACTENJOPHAGE ФX174, magnified 750,000 diameters in o, appears to consist of 12 cap-
comeres arranged in icosabedral symmetry as shown in b. In other micrographs (c) smaller
subunite seem to be arronged in ringlike strectures. Each capsomere might actually be
formed from fire suhanite as shown in d. Thirsy such subonits would form a dodecahedron.
POLJOMYELITIS VIRUS PARTICLES are shown ineide a fragment of an infected cell.
The purticler, magnified 250,000 diameters, appear to be composed of subunits smaller than
the typieul copcomere. The structural arrangement ie not estoblished. Electron micrograph
in by Jock Napington of the Pabli Health Laboratory in Cambridge and the author.
52
for • yields 252 us the mumber of mor
phological units composing the shell of
the adenovirus particle.
For purposes of description (and to
avoid the term "subunit."
which can be
applied to morphological, structural or
chemical features| 1 shall adopt the re
cent terminology suggested for the vari-
ous viral components [see illustration at
middle lejt on page 50]. The morpholog
ieal units composing the shell have been
given the name "capsomeres." The sbell
itself is the "capsid." The region inside
the capsid is the "core." The outer mem-
brane, seen surrounding the capsid of
sorte viruses, is the "envelope."
One merit of the negative-staining
technique is that the electron-cense ma-
terial is cupable of penetrating into ex-
tremely small regions between, and even
within, the capsomeres. A striking in-
stance of such penetration can be seen
in the electron micrograph of the herpes
virus shown at the middle left on the pre-
ceding page. (In man the herpes virus
causes,
among other things.
"cold
sores.") Electron micrographs of the
shadowed particle had indicated that it
had the same esternal shape and sym-
metry as the adenovirus. When the two
viruses were negatively stained and still
further magnified. however, it could be
seen on close examination that the cap-
someres of the herpes virus, unlike those
of the adenovirus, were elongated hollow
prisms, some hesngonal in cross section
and others pentagonal. In a number of
particles the phosphotungstate pene-
trated into the central region, or core,
normally containing the nucleic acid. In
these "empty" particles the elongated
capsomeres stand out clearly in profile
at the periphery of the virus, and one can
see their hollow form and the precision
of their radial arrangement.
From the micrographs the number of
capsomeres loeated on ench edge was
estimated to be five, giving a total of 162
capsomeres for the herpes virus. Of the
162
сиротете»,
12
are pentagonal
prisms and 150 are hexagonal prisms, To
satisfy the packing arrangement in ae-
cordance with icoschedral symmetry, the
12 pentagonal prisms would have to be
placed at the corners and the 150 hexag-
onal prisms located on the edges or faces
of the particle [sce drawing at middle
right on preceding page].
The need for pentagonal units goes
deeper than the simple need to satisty
itosahedral symmetry. As early geom-
eters observed, there is no way to ar-
range a system of hexagons so that they
will enclose space. But if pentagonal
units ane included with hesngons, it is
possible to enelose space in an almost
