{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T07:02:41Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3462096, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125370-cejka-the-transistorized-coil.pdf", "source_sha256": "c60b39ff0573aa26f2c303e58c617f870d787d302e40f2202e97f9f454ea5a51"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2823, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 1981
necessary to convert the g strain energy into
power with "holes" (the unoccupied state of the
electron). Now, in reality, g strain energy is com
posed of "holes," as is illustrated schematically
in Figure 1.
g Strain energy absorber
A closed amplifier (transistorized coil can be
designed 1o absorb the g strain energy. As is
known, the p type of semi-conductor carries
"holes" (unoccupied state of electrons) In order
to absorb the g strain energy, such material is
required. Though a semi-conductor coil is desir.
able, it is difficult to obtain. Hence, a transistor
ized coil is selected since either silicon or ger-
manium may be used as transistors.
GND
Q
GND
Figure 2
As is shown in Figure 2, an ordinary amplifier is
open. The signal is amplified at the A stage, ampli-
fied again at the B stage and finally at the C stage,
and then terminates. At this time, it is appropriate
to design a ciosed amplifier as shown in Figure 3,
C
E sirain
=
-
or Lean Energy Newsferter
The Transistorized Coil:
A Novel, Clean Energy
Tool
As calculated by Lev Davidovich Landau, Nobel
laureate in Physics (1962), g strain energy (also
known as the Landau g lactor of:
w= -g/enk (erg/cm-),
2(1)
is stored throughout the entire terrestrial space,
where:
g = 980 cm/sec*,
and k stands for Newton's g constant of:
k = 6.670 x 10-8 dyn. cm?/g-
With this in mind, it is known that the energy of:
W = -5.4x1011 erg/cm? (2)
is present in our terrestrial space. This energy is
available and could become a clean energy source
and be potentially more available than Nuclear
Fusion.
It has been, however, difficult to convert g
strain energy into electric power because it is in a
state of negative energy. One is reminded that in
Paul A. M. Dirac's Theory of Particles and Anti-
Particles, there are four states of entity:
1) Occupied
state of positive energy (eg.
electrons)i
2) Unoccupied state of positive energy (e.g.,
"holes" as treated in Semi-Conductor Physics):
3) Occupied state of negative energy;
4) Unoccupied stale of negative energy (e.g.,
positrons).
States 2) and 3) are in a negative energy state,
while states 1) and 4) are considered to be in a
positive one. From this, one knows that it is
hales
Figure 1
Figure 3
in which the signal is amplified by the stage A
again, after it is done with A, B and C. Such
amplification can continue, giving the device a
name that is chosen as "Endless Amplifier
which demonstrates some interesting character-
istics. One characteristic is displayed with the cir-
cuit diagram in Figure 4, where three 2SC521A's
form the closed amplifier. Detection of oscillation
show that the frequency of this circuit's system
decreases with time, as is indicated in Table 1.
Often it is discussed in quantum physics that
the energy of quanta is proportional to angular
frequency such that:
2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 3021, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Planetary Association for Clean Energy Newsielter
100HOW
15V (JAI
50C0
ww
"LI
• IMFD
15k
ALT
7SCS21A * 3
Figure 4
W= N2n0
(3)
W = hf
(4)
where Na, h and w stand for Planck's constant,
Planck's one and the angular frequency of:
• = 2nf
(5)
respectively. This result maintains that the energy
of the system decreases with time by absorbing
negative energy of g with transistors. An example
of the transistorized coil is shown on the follow-
ing Photo (2SC521A x 3).
The experimental specifications are: Collector
potential (B potential): 5 V DC (stabilized). Cycle
counter: FC756 by Trio Limited
Impedence
Matching: 50 Q. Attenuation: 1/10. 2SC521A = Sili-
con NPN Triple Diffused MESA Transistors. Date:
January 26, 1981.
Time
13:51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
14:00
Frequency
1.2767 MH=
1.2710
1.2707
1.2701
1.2695
1.2689
1.2684
1.2680
1.2678
1.2670
Time
14:01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
Frequency
1.2666 MH
1.2661
1.2658
1.2655
* 1.2651
1.2648
1.2645
1.2642
1.2639
1,2636
Over-efficiency of the transistorized coil
The oscillation potential exceeds theoretical
values as the input potential increases. The tran
sistorized coil is, at the same time, a three-phase
oscillator, where stages A, B and O become the 3
terminals for the three-phase current, as in the
following Figure 5
June 1987
o Y
Figure 5
If one feeds in DC voltage between the lines,
AC potential must be DC/2 to the single phase,
while it in tum must be (DC/2) x v5 between the
phases (for example, between A and B) to the
three-phase current. In the following Table 2, the
theoretical value is compared with actual output,
with the resultant percentage efficiency:
IN (DC volt)
(DC/2) x v3 (volt)
OUT (volt)
Efficiency (%)
5
4.33
3.3
76
10
8.56
7.2
83
15
13.0
21.0
162
Thus, low input (DC) leads to lower efficiency.
But the percentage efficiancy exceeds 100%
when one feeds in, for example, a 15 volt DC,
which evidently shows that the "holes" have
managed to flow into the transistorized coil [or,
the "Endless Amplifier")
Some features of the novel energy
This energy is quite different from ordinary
electrical power because it is negative. It will have
a low temperature, since the thermal energy of
negative energy can be computed to be:
кТ < 0,
where k and T denote the Boltzmann constant and
the Kelvin temperature, respectively. The transis-
torized coil would scarcely emit heat when a large
"hole" current flows; it is quite clean. Yet, the
magnetic field can be generated, since a "hole"
owns a charge Physicists have intuitively fel! that
g energy would not be easily melt, since it is
frozen onto the beckground
space. This has,
indeed, been true as one uses an ordinary copper
coil. However, the use of a transistorized coil
makes possible the acquisition of that same
G strain energy is limitless and free. In this
sense, our method is quite revolutionary. With the
maosistorized coil,
one can obtain an endless
supply of electric power, where and when it is
required, beyond the limits of sources of supply
and transportation requirements.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 634, "chars": 3976, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Siblion for Clean Energy Newsletter
Only conversion apparati are required. Owing to
the pair production concepts of Paul Dirac, matter
and particles can literally be borne out space
itself! This space is, as it were, the mother of
entily. Thus the "space age" follows the atomic
age. The power of g strain energy is more
advanced than nuclear power as it is a more
advanced philosophy in quantum physics and
relativistics.
(Shinichi Seike)
More information is available in a book by Prof.
Shinichi Seike,
"The Principles of Ullra Rela-
" available from the G Research Laboratory,
P.O. Box 33, Uwajima Post Office, Ehime (798),
Japan. The price is US $ 40, air postage paid, or
equivalent.
Remote Pumping of
Electrical Fields:
Magnifying Transmitters in
Action
The figure below was gathered on the 19th of
Feb. 1981 during a lightning storm and shows
eight traces each ten seconds long of the four to
eight Hertz signatures of lightning strokes within
1500 feet of the vertically oriented coil of the
magnetic detection system. Peak intensity of the
waves is about 200 microgauss.
June 1981
Interestingly enough, this type of signature has
been seen and recorded in the local area on sev-
eral other occasions ... but during clear, non-
storm conditions! During a field trip on June 9,
1980 with Dr. Elizabeth A. Rauscher and Al Bielek,
an almost identical group of wave impulses were
recorded. The weather was perfectly clear with no
storm activity and no reason for the electric field
to be at a high level. We noted that the waves were
artifacts, yet did not rule out other causes.
During the last week in October, and through
the 3rd of November 1980, liust prior to the U.S.
presidential elections) these kinds of wave signa-
tures persisted almost 4 to 6 hours per day during
this period of time.
Since lightning storm activity is rare in the local
area, it was not until February 19, 1981 that it was
possible to gather the figure and to ponder over
the meaning of the earlier observed 4 to 8 Hz. im-
pulses. It now seems more than likely that the
electric field in the local area is being artifically
pumped up by devices similar to Nikola Tesla's
magnifying transmitter, pumped up from a remote
location such as the Soviet Union.
Tesla's empirical observations with the
magnifying transmitter
By means of such a device, high potential
stored electric charges might be able to be con-
verted to propagating magnetic non-Maxwellian
wave resonances between the carth's core and
the ionosphere. Such conversion, if done with
sufficient precision, would make it possible to
realize a gain of energy by matching and utilizing
the rotational vibrations set up in and above the
earth as it moves on its axis in its orbit around the
sun. (The magnifying transmitter was, in addition
to being able to facilitate communications, to be
used to transmit practical electrical power to all
points on the globe without wires. A project was
begun for this purpose at Shoreham, Long Island a
tew years after Tesla's 1899 Colorado Springs ex-
periments but was never completed due to lack of
additional funding.)
The earth's magnetic field lines describe
minule motions due to micropuisations set up in
them as a result of this rotational vibration, among
other factors. As is known, a moving magnetic
field produces a current in a conductor. The
earth's core is the likely conductor which would
be expected to respond to these minute field var-
iations. Although the magnetic field of the earth is
of small intensity, (about 5 Gauss in the mid
latitudes), the very large volume of the conductive
core and the even larger radius of the surface
magnetic field lines provide a system with a great
volume of electric current circulating in it. The
major problem seems to be development of a
method to gain access to this system, since it is
essentially closed. It is believed that Tesla had
solved this problem in his experiments in 1899 at
Colorado Springs. By means of a specially con-
4

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 811, "chars": 5266, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Planetary Association for Clean Energy News/efler
structed electrical detection system, he observed
Slationary waves showing that the earth behaved
as a spherical conductor with finite dimensions
and also he found that high potential tuned cir-
cuits capacitively coupled to the earth developed
two wavelengths when resonance occurred
A spherical conductor mounted on an insulated
pole served as the electrically elevated terminal
which emanated radio waves which obeyed the
ordinary formula for wave length. where the
frequency divided into the speed of light yielded
the length of the waves. However, the earth ter-
minal, coupled to the secondary of a critically
tuned inductor, through a low value capacitance
of special design, ostensibly propagated waves at
the same time which were longer by a factor of "/z
times the velocity of light, or some 40 to 60%
greater in length.
Overcoming Maxwellian components
with resonance
Tesia noted that the Maxwellian electromagne
tic component from the elevated terminal would
become negligible as resonance of the earth's
core and ionosphere developed. The elevated ter-
minal was to be specially constructed with a
unique and very large radius of curvature in order
to raise the electrical pressure extremely high and
to store if there by virtue of its own electrical at-
traction until released into the air and ground
terminals in a pulsed manner. The initial primary
current would be of very large magnitude until the
condition of resonance was struck on the earth's
half sphere radius, after which the primary current
could be expected to lower to a more practical
value
The earth-ionosphere was evidently envisioned
by Tesla to be able to be treated, in certain elec-
trical cases, as a loss-less transmission line con-
taining kinetic energy from its rotational motion
which would be able to be utilized with a magnify-
ing transmitter. The air above the elevated high
potential terminal would offer the conductive path
to the lower ionosphere by virtue of pulsed ioniza-
tions of the air molecules directly above this
highly charged terminal.
Accessing the magnetic core
In order to gain access to the closed earth
magnetic field core system, the period of the
wave, from the transmitter would have to be
carefully controlled and would have to be some
what below 20,000 down to a low of 6 per second
for practical utilization, Furthermore, the time
interval. (on/off time), of the wave-train excitation
should be between Vath and With per second
The electromagnetic component free space
half-wavelength and the longer magnetic half-
wavelength would thus be able to couple in a
heterodyne manner - "mixing" in a constructive
June 7981
interference pattern at the opposite side of the
earth one wavelength from the transmitting device
to produce a larger magnitude effect there.
When these two waves couple, a lateral travel-
ling wave plus a vertica sranding wave might
possibly develop. By carefully adjusting the repe-
tition rate and impulse duration, transmitted dual
waves might be "latched" onto the earth's magne.
tic field lines. The vertical wave might then begin
to move in a path through the earth and out into
space again gaining kinetic energy (harmonic pen-
dulum effect) from the earth's vibrating system.
These dual waves, of the same period but of differ-
ent lengths,
interacting, might be sufficiently
compressed to exhibit plasma-like wave circula-
tion forms which could fit the criteria of a macro-
cosmic soliton-antisoliton. (Solitons are waves
which can be set in motion but do not dissipate
and are confined to definite spatial areas.)
The frequency of 30 Hz (used by the U.S. source
ELF transmitters) is an interesting one in view of
Tesla's writings regarding earth-resonance and
his magnifying transmitter. He noted that the
ground terminal would produce waves with a
length:
while the elevated terminal would produce waves
obeying the ordinary formula 1 = / where c is
the speed of light in free space (some 3 x 108
meter/second and f is the frequency of the ,
pulses. Al 30 Hz then, the ground wave length
would be 15,707.98 kilometers and the free space
wave length 10,000 kilometers, Monitoring has
Indicated that the waves maximum intensities
appear both from overhead and below the earth,
as if the core and the ionosphere-magnetosphere
were being excited. The distance from the surface
of the earth to the inner core is about 6,370 kilo-
meters and interestingly enough /s at 30 Hz in
free space is 2,500 kilometers, while
(VE) 2
4
is 3,926.99 kilometers. The sum of these quarter
wavelengths is 6,426.99 kilometers - almost the
correct distance from the earth's surface to the
inner core for Na. If one assumes that a phase
velocity delay occurs both from the core up to the
surlace of the earth and from the magnetosphere,
at one earth radius, down to the earth's surface, a
vertically oriented wave may occur and penetrate
the earth's crust, extending upward some 1/2 or
5,000 kilometers. The configuration might resem-
ble a slow moving standing wave. Heterodyne
pallerns may be expected to occur and the
converging up waves and down waves may be able
to produce magnetoscope waves near the surface
of the earth which at times may reach the audible
range.
(William Bise)
5
