{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T21:18:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1931575, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125326-cejka-tachyon-energy.pdf", "source_sha256": "725d4f13703c7f98c8fc043e565200c06f64477d1728779bd08a44625778fe31"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 629, "chars": 4046, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
How the science of
Tesla has been
mystified to
manufacture
right-wing Greenies
who prefer magic
to reality.
THE AM-CING TESLA MACHINE!
ELAN
after
Ill/strations by Christopher Flean
You Believe in Tachyon Energy?
by Jonathan Tennenbaum
tis truly remarkable: Over the past two years, the se.
cret knowledge about "Tachyon Field Energy" has been
spreading out to growing circles of the population.
Supposedly, totally new machines, called "converters," en-
able us to "tap" unlimited amounts of energy from the
universe. The proponents of this theory draw the conclu-
sion that nuclear power, and with it, all the other ortho-
dox" energy technologies, will become totally superfluous.
it is said that in some places of the world, such "Tachyon
converters" are already in operation.
Not only that, the Soviet Union, reportedly, has already
piled up an arsenal of these awesome Tesla-weapons, based
upon unorthodox principles, that allow them to influence
the weather in the West, to trigger earthquakes, or to crip-
ple all NATO forces at a moment's notice! Companies and
research laboratories all over the world should work fever-
ishly to develop this technology-all of them under the
strictest secrecy, of course.
Although such "detailed knowledge" is claimed of these
sensationalist applications, the specific physical laws of
"Tachyon Field Energy" are clouded in general ignorance
and confusion. But this does not prevent an increasing
number of laymen and aficionados from having absolute
certainty that this is a new energy source. The *insiders"
are not irritated by the apparently insurmountable difficulty
in attempting to get hold of a functioning Tachyon device.
Just the opposite, these difficulties merely generate more
clouds of rumor, which "prove" all the more to the initiate,
that a top scientific secret is involved. The interest in this
adventurous nonsense is increasing. The persuasive power
of the Tachyon rumors increases at exactly the same rate at
which the discussion initiated by the Tachyon rumors
spreads. We are confronted with the key characteristics of
a classical fraud
If you look closer at these Tachyons with your investiga-
tor's reason, they will quickly evaporate out of the realm of
physical reality and reappear as a purely psychological phe-
nomenon. Ask yourself, astonished, why so many people -
among them very prominent personalities-could have
been tricked by this fraud, and you are reminded of the old
saying of the famous American circus director P.T. Barnum,
"There's a sucker born every minute."
The issue of Tachyons, however, cannot be so easily put
aside. The ideological manipulation includes an effort to
drag people into a "right-wing" version of environmentalist
or Green ideology. There is the danger that this manipula-
tion is an element of strategic deception to cover up the
real intent and capabilities of the Soviet Union. It should
be noted that the Tachyon discussion went into high gear
just at the time when the United States, in the context of
the Strategic Defense Initiative, entered into an accelerated
development phase for laser and particle-beam weapons..
Was the purpose of the Tachyon hoax to deflect money and
energy from serious frontier research in directed energy.
into nonsensel Moreover, the networks that are spreading
the Tachyon fraud in the United States heavily overlap the
KGB-infiltrated networks of the Esalen Institute and the cult
circles of the L-5 Society.
Some readers will not accept this statement. I can clearly
imagine the indignant hecklings. "Why should we believe
you, Mr. Tennenbaum? We have extremely confidential
communications from highly reliable sources, which say
that Tachyon energy and Tesla weapons have to be taken
very seriously." Thank you very much for your reminder. It
leads us directly to the question, which we want to deal
with in the first part of this article. The majority of those
interested in Tachyons are, according to their own self-
evaluation, not able to form an independent judgment on
May-June 1985 FUSION
35

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 827, "chars": 5255, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
this question. They therefore are looking for the opinion of
ence to what is really occurring onstage: 95 percent of the
experts. But who are these 'experts"? How do you know,
deception is in the mind of the spectator. The magician
that their "reliable source" will answer the question posed
reliably and correctly?
succeeds by means of gestures and skillful speech in di-
recting the attention of the audience so they do not see
what is going on "right in front of their noses." The audi-
The True Secret of Tachyon Generation
The breeding ground, spreading the Tachyon fraud
(quicker than any virus from the arsenal of biological weap-
ons), is the inability of large parts of the population to make
independent judgments, even when—as we shall show-
the form, in which the fraud is spread, should suffice for
people to recognize that it is a fraud. The intellectual and
moral immune system of our population is extremely weak-
ened by reductionism in the natural sciences and by wide-
spread cultural pessimism. In fact, one need not be an
"expert" at all, to uncover the Tachyon fraud; all one needs
is a rigorous faculty and some basic knowledge about the
psychological and cultural weaknesses that favor the
spreading of fraudulent operations, cults, and other swin-
In each deception, the essential and most dangerous ele-
ment is not that the factual content of the proposition made
is untrue, but the fact that in the victim's mind a wrong
method of thinking is stimulated and exploited. Starting
with this insight, it is easy to uncover the fraud.
The key to uncovering psychological warfare, spreading
of cults, and psychological mass manipulation is episte-
mology-raising the question of the criteria of judgment.
or the mental processes, by which people are led to true or
false knowledge.
Take the case of the magician. He is an expert in psycho-
logical warfare. It is not essential for a successful magic act
what the audience actually sees, but how they interpret
what they are seeing. This is clear to anybody, who has
himself performed a conjuring trick or to whom the "trick"
. of such a performance was revealed beforehand. You then
are astonished about the apparent blindness of the audi-
ence "sees" a person disappear all of a sudden from the
stage with flashes, fire, and smoke.
The kernel of the deception lies in the question of caus-
ality. While the magician is dealing with a process, which
he simply steers by mechanical and optical means, the au-
dience "sees" the intervention of "extraterrestrial forces."
The success of the magician rests mainly on the uncon-
scious wish of the spectators to be deceived, so they do not
have to recognize the lawful process onstage.
The spectators want to relax. For a short period of time,
they want to be freed from the "oppressing" lawfulness of
real life. They therefore make an unconscious "deal" with
the magician. They surrender their critical faculty and allow
themselves to be manipulated; they give the magician a
certain "credibility." In return, the magician must deliver a
moment of psychological "liberation" from the demands of
a causal universe, natural law.
In time of crisis, this desire for liberation becomes so
strong that large parts of the population will grab every
psychological equivalent of magic, like astrology, parapsy-
chology, religious cults, psychotropic drugs, and so on.
Dependency and passivity are created and utilized to weak-
en or undercut the ability for independent judgment. The
Tachyon fraud proves that this phenomenon does not stop
outside so-called leading circles.
A concrete example of mass brainwashing, which directly
has laid the ground for the Tachyon fraud, is the limits to
growth" hoax.
The late founder and president of the Club of Rome.
Aurelio Peccei, has described the notorious report on the
"Limits to Growth," which is still today respected by the
majority of German professors as a "scientific" master-
piece," as a "psychological command." The details of this
operation have been covered elsewhere; here we are con-
cerned only with the following points.
• First, the world population was terrorized with oil
HE MAST HAVE
SATON A
TACHYON L
shocks* and the prognosis of imminent catastrophe: re-
source scarcity, energy crises, carbon dioxide pollution,
poisoned food, nuclear winter, and so on, starting in 1973,
in order to create a widespread apocalyptic mood.
• Then realistic solutions to the resource problem were
blocked. There was particular sabotage against already uni-
versally available nuclear energy by the antinuclear move.
ment, and a general campaign of harassment against mod-
ern technology was started. The possibilicy of solving the
crisis with modern science and technology was blocked.
• Finally, the Club of Rome and its allies in the suprana-
tional institutions declared that the crisis anticipated by
them could be solved "only globally" and that the individual
nation states must delegate their sovereign power to supra-
national institutions of "crisis management." *
Particularly the younger generation was provided an es-
cape from the stress of "complicated" reality and thrown
into the arms of simplistic explanation of these "masters"
of zero-growth philosophy-
36
FUSION May-June 1985

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 525, "chars": 3523, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tten co
TESLA SHIELD
Icem 19.
TESLA ABM DEFENSES
DETECTIDE AND
TRACENE
charisuses
TESLA EOP
BLOBE
TOUDS ELECTEORIES!
EARTN'S SERFACE
TEW/ELEI
TELLA FIREBALL
IPULES
LILA
FITZER
Courtesy
Nal Crawford.
TESLA SWELS
-11-
Generally, the insecurity in the population grew, and
through this, its manipulability.
Tachyons-A Backstage View
Now we enter backstage and review point for point the
Tachyon fraud. Our primary source is Dr. Hans A. Nieper,
president of the "German Association for Gravity Field En-
ergy" and member of the founding board of the "American
Association of Gravity Field Energy* in Huntsville, Alabama.
Nieper prefaces his book, Revolution in Technology,
Medicine, Society Conversion of Gravity Field Energy, with
an argument taken directly from the Club of Rome. He
predicts an imminent collapse of nature: •
Mankind moves toward a catastrophic situation with
breathtaking speed. Population explosion, destruction
of nature, destruction of tropical Jungles, increase of
carbon dioxide content of the atmosphere, contami-
nation of the water.
The rational solution is blocked: predictably, Nieper op-
poses nuclear energy. He continues:
The true background is the uneven distribution of
richness on earth. ... [This] in turn has its essential
cause in the fact that our modern technology is not
able any more to maintain mankind adequately. ... A
first attempt to escape this difficulty has actually broad-
ened this dilemma. Nuclear power is technically, eco-
nomically, sociologically, and politically unfit for this
Nieper is shameless enough to trumpet out the lying
demagogy of the Greenies.
This "Tesla shield" (above) and "Tesla ABM Defense"
are both featured in Star Wars Now! The Bohm-Ara-
ronov Effect, Scalar Interferometry, and Soviet Wea-
ponization, ediled by T.E. Bearden and published in
T964 by Tesla Book Co., Millbrae, Calif
Nuclear power is essential to secure the world energy
supply of a growing mankind at an appropriate living stan-
dard for all. The scale on which nuclear technology is used
today, despite the sabotage of the zero-growthers, proves
the opposite of Nieper's stipulation, In France, 54 percent
of electricity is generated in nuclear power stations, in Bel-
gium 46 percent, in Sweden 36 percent, and so on. Nuclear
technology is technically feasible, and especially with fast-
growing energy consumption, it is the most efficient and
safest energy source. Only the political sabotage of the
antinuclear movement, initiated by the Club of Rome, has
prevented its expansion. Nieper transforms this result of
political propaganda into a seemingly self-evident axiom:
"Nuclear power is politically unfit," Nieper says.
But the credulous Tarhyon supporter is facing further
threats. Therefore, Tachyons to the rescue. Nieper writes:
While there is a worldwide energy crisis coming up.
with catastrophic direct and indirect consequences and
the responsible politicians don't know how to solve it,
a broader public for the first time realizes that the whole
planet swims in an energy field of immensely great
density, the so-called Tachyon field. Obviously, it is
possible to plug into this energy field with only rela-
tively small effort. ...
Very impressive! Nieper continues:
This energy field essentially has nothing to do with
light or the energy of the Sun, but is to be described as
Graviton, Tachyon, or Neutrino field. ...
In Nieper's theory, all so-called natural accelerations can
be reduced to one and the same basic principle. According
May-June 1985 FUSION
37

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 696, "chars": 4519, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to him, they come about because of directed Tachyon de-
celeration: this is true for gravity acceleration, electrostatic,
magnetic, and electromagnetic radiation.
It must be noted that Tachyons don't belong to the nor-
mal objects of physics. When some theoretical physicists
are working on speculations abour "Tachyons" or "Gravi-
tons" in their universities, they don't do so because these
apparent particles have ever been detected anywhere. The
"Tachyon" was born in the course of purely formal algebra-
ic games, when some theoreticians asked themselves what
properties a particle theoretically must have when it travels
faster than the speed of light.
Nieper is not impressed by the fact that there has never
been an experimental proof for the existence of Tachyons.
Just the opposite; he simply states a "Nieper's principle,"
which says, that all existing actions in the universe are based
on Tachyons!
In other words, the cleaner one's wash, the more little
green men must have been stored in one's detergent. At
least, that is what the TV commercial would have us believe.
However, while supposedly Tachyon energy converters
are functioning all over the world to tap energy from the
energy field, there appear again and again insurmountable
difficulties when one tries to locate a suitable demonstra-
tion machine at a given place at a given time. Forone reason
or another, the machine cannot be viewed in action.
Is There a Conspiracy Against Tachyons?
And then there are long stories about bizarre persecution
directed against Tachyon supporters. Take, for example,
the case of the famous psychoanalyst Dr. Wilhelm Reich, as
reported by Nieper.
Reich discovered a motor force in Orgone energy:
NO DEAR, PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE
IN TACHYONS ARE NOT REAL
PEOPLE... THEY'RE FANTASY
CREATURES.
ach
Filess
38
FUSION
May-June 1985
and in 1948, the first prototype of the Orgone Energy
Motor was running. ... This prototype supplied per-
manent energy to a 25-volt motor and represented an
energy converter for the primary, cosmic energy of
the thousand names," which today may be best known
under the name of gravitation or Tachyon field....
Based on his spectacular Oranur experiment... Reich
was officially asked in March 1954, to give up any fur-
ther research and study on the field of Orgone ener-
gy. ... Three years later, Dr. Reich died in an American
prison. His books and writings were confiscated and
In fact, Reich was indicted-for fraud.
Another example, is the case of Dr. Henry Moray of Salt
Lake City, Utah.
A year before, a furious "customer" had destroyed
the prototype of the [Morayl machine with a heavy
hammer, when Moray refused to give out all informa-
tion about set-up, principle, and materials used. For
this reason Moray always carried a pistol in the labora-
tory. ... He equipped his car with bullet-proof win-
dows. Nevertheless, more attempts against him were
tried, even in the open street.... Private researchers
currently try to uncover the secret of composition of
the semi-conductor material used.
And then there is the unhappy case of the American citi-
zen Lester Hendershot:
Only in 1960, a newly established research team of
about 20 responsible personalities filed a motion to the
*U.S. Navy Office of Naval Research" for $150,000 to
investigate the Hendershot machine, which was called
"magnetronic generator," The motion was document-
ed and accompanied by 22 certified testimonies of
prominent personalities who had seen and watched
the machine operating . . In April 1961 Hendershot
publicly declared his readiness to explain all details and
the operational principles of the machine before prom-
inent men of science...: The project and all the new
plans associated with it ended with the suicide of Lester
Hendershot on April 26, 1961.
Exemplary of how the hoax works is a caption on page 86
in Nieper's book. He uses a typical magic trick to create an
illusion in the mind of the spectator.
Curve of the increasing potential of Takamura's
Gravity Energy Generator, which has an initial value of
2 volts, while after 3 months it reaches 40 volts. This
result shows continuous influx of gravity field energy
from the gravity field. With this machine we can obtain
unlimited gravity energy.
Here, the attempt is made to fool the layman, who does
not understand the difference between electric voltage and
energy. With any normal transformer one can arbitrarily
increase or decreate the voltage of alternating current.
without producing energy. A transformer is like the gear

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 882, "chars": 5590, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
transmission of a car, for maximizing the use of its engine's
power. Like the transmission, the transformer does not
produce energy•
The Secret of Nicola Tesla
Nicola Tesla (1856-1943) is considered the great guru of
the Tachyon movement. Born in Yugoslavia, Tesla was a
gifted engineer and inventor, who laid the foundation of
alternating current technique by building the first alternat-
ing current power plant at Niagara Falls. He is also the in-
ventor of the Tesla transformer, which can generate very
high voltages and frequencies; with this he made an essen-
tial contribution to the development of efficient radio sta-
fions. These other inventions of Tesla are integral parts of
modern electrical engineering.
The Tachyon fraud is largely based on a mystification of
Tesla's method. Tesla, who had received a solid education
at the Polytechnic School in Graz, Austria, applied two basic
principles of physics and technology that were already for-
mulated by Kepler and Leibniz:
First, the principle of resonance, according to which all
processes in the universe are ordered by harmonic relation-
ships. Tesla was clear about the fact that the effect of elec-
tromagnetic waves as, for example, radio waves, on physi-
cal systems depends significantly on the frequency of the
wave. At certain frequencies, especially strong interactions
occur by resonance.
Second, the principle of increasing energy density as it
was employed by Leibniz on the problem of developing a
Papin steam engine. Leibniz knew that the efficiency of a
steam engine is improved by increasing its working tem-
perature. Tesla employed this principle in electrical engi-
neering by attempting to reach ever-higher voltages and
frequencies. In this, he realized, constantly new physical
effects (singularities) occur. Tesla was the first who, to the
great interest and also joy of his colleagues, generated volt-
ages of several million volts.
Although we cannot discuss Tesla's work in more detail
here, this should be enough to expose his so-called admi-
rers of the Tachyon brigade, who have mystified this simple
principle of increasing energy density—which Tesla em-
ployed and which has been known to modern science since
the work of Leibniz (since Archimedes, really) —by trans-
forming it into an extraterrestrial mystery and mixing into it
an absurd notion of perpetuum mobile.
It is no argument for Tachyons that some things can be
accomplished with a million volts that are impossible with
only 10 volts; for example, one can generate spectacular
sparks. But the Tesia transformer, which increases 10 volts.
to 1 million volts, does not create energy in the common
physical technical sense of the word. The fact that certain
phenomena occur only at higher energy densities points to
a flaw in the normally accepted notion of energy; the work
potential of a given physical action cannot be sufficiently
characterized by its so-called energy content or caloric val-
ue alone.
The Tachyon defrauders say that their machines are open
systems, " meaning that they are in interaction with an outer
physical system, the Tachyon field. Then, however, these
experts must also describe the effect of their machines on
this outer physical system, not only the supposed effect of
Nicola Testa: His
method has been
mystified by the
Tachyon movement.
Engraving by 1. Jonnon Trem a phalograph by Stony
the Tachyon field. But that they don't do. The fact that
between the Earth and its atmosphere there exists a voltage
of about 100 volts per meter, does not mean that you can
lap out of this "field" any volume of energy. As soon as a
conductor is introduced, the voltage difference is leveled
out through a very weak current down to Earth.
Tachyon energyis a fraud. However, there is a perpetuum
mobile, a system that generates constantly more energy.
This perpetuum mobile is of a totally different nature than
the Tachyon magicians would have us believe: It is human
society!
Through the development of science and technology,
this perpetuum mobile runs ever more quickly and more
efficiently at least, if it is steered correctly. Why mystify
this process? There is nothing mystical in it at all: it is the
day-to-day reality of a progressing economy, in which cre-
ative thinking-the development of new hypotheses me-
diated through new technologies constantly increases the
power of man over natural forces. Decisive for this process
are exactly such breakthroughs as Tesla made—not as the
Tesla cultists portray him, as an intuitive, lonely genius, but
as the inheritor of the science tradition of Kepler, Leibniz,
and the founders of the French Ecole Polytechnique. This
tradition is totally unknown to Nieper and his followers;
they don't know it and don't want to know about it.
The perpetuum mobile of human economy cannot be
maintained on the basis of a fixed set of technologies. Any
technology is condemned to aging and scrapping by the
relative limitedness of the resource base determined by it.
The key is that technological progress continues from the
basis reached so far and always creates the potential to take
the next step.
Today, we see at the horizon the possibilities of fusion
power. Before it is technically realized, we must create the
fast-expanding economic base needed for that. The chea-
pest, cleanest, and best way to do that is the worldwide use
of nuclear fission, which is already under our command.
Today our old slogan is more true than ever: More Nukes,
Less Kooks!
Jonathan Tennenbaum is the editor-in-chief of the Ger-
man-language Fusion magazine.
May-June 1985 FUSION
39
