{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T16:55:48Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2928440, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125302-cejka-an-underground-electromagnetic-sounder-experiment-i.pdf", "source_sha256": "ea701e2913963d7b8df347f4ce4d43f3d382d72fc6dee9760e0a37001344624a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 190, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
bol “M4 LON ‘GE TOA
SISA Meret)
ties gp MOH eyeoet> apeaud sus papnsday

TWAZLAO (N ENO
SEY NA TIOU “TT LYSTOd ‘NIH TION “I. LHUINY'T

Ag

LNAWTAdxXa WAUNNOS
JILANDVNOULOITA GNNOUDAIGNNA NY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 561, "chars": 3869, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GROPHYSICS, VOL IN, NO. E MEBRUARY 19101. P. 17-81, A FIGS
AN UNDERGROUND ELECTROMAGNETIC SOUNDER EXPERIMENT!
LAMBERT T. DOLPHIN, JR.,* ROBERT L. BOLLEN,"
AND GEORGE N. OETZEL•
An electromagnetic sounder developed for an
archacological applicalion in Egypt has been suc-
cessiully tested in a California dolomite mine
Chambers in the mine 100 to 130 it from the sur-
lace gave intense, well-defined echoes consistent
with an average allenuation coefficient of 0.6
db/m and a relative dieleciric constant of IL. By
moving the transmitter and receiver units on the
billside above the underground chambers, various
The application of electromagnetic methods for
underground geophysical expicestion has been
both extensive and diverse during the past hall-
century as far as very long radio wavcs are con-
cerned. In a recent historical review of this sub
ject, Keller (in Vanyan, 1967) lists over 150 rel-
crences in the literature. Such refereaces show in-
creased recent interest in underground propaga-
tion of electromagnetic waves with application to
long-distance communications beneath the sur-
face of the carth, and to the use of shoet pulses for
detection of buried objects, faults, and discon-
tinuities from the suriace. Surface maps of ground
conductivity based on data from mommercial
broadcast stations show that moderate to high
attenuation rates can be expected for electromag-
netic signals propogated underground near the
surface at many locations; howeves, law Irequen-
cies are successfully used for detecting strata to
considerable depths. El-Said (1956) has used in-
terícrence patterns frota the continuous wave sig-
nals of local broadcast atations to locate the water
table in the Egyptian desert 060 m below the sur-
Sounder studies (Waite and Schmidt, 1961) ol
glacial ice lave been made by several groups, and
dielectric properties of rocks at Frequencies above
characteristics of the propagation could be ob
served such as dispersion, chamber aspect sensi
tivity, and cross-section. The transmitied pulse
was one to ane and a hail radio-frequency cydes
long at a peak power of 0.2 Mw. Frequencies cai-
ployed wese 16 to 50 Mhs. The light weight,
bighly portable, battery powered equipment is
potentially suited ta other underground sounding
applications.
une Mha have been under much inoce invesliga
tion in recent years. Two sucorsful electromag-
setic sounder esperiments (Simraons, 1973) were
conducted an the moon daring Apollo 17. Ere-
quencies as high as 230 Mht and & Gha have been
used for mapping boundaries of buried salt domes
(Unterberger el al, 1973; Holser et al, 1972).
While one caanot bope to use underground EM
probing successfully in every enviroament be
cause of the sometimes scvere propagation losses,
neither can one write off the polcatially great use-
fulness of such methods in archacology, goulogy.
mining, and hydrology in some environments
Archacological sites, foe example, are frequently
found in desert areas where the water table is far
below the surlace, and the asqual rainfall is very
small. These very dry conditions lend to improve
propagation of dectromagnetic waves in the rock
or sand, making these desert sites lavorable for
electromagnetic prospocting techniques. In such
arcas, it appears that there is a good chance that
radio techniques can be used to locate buried
chambers and tuands (and perhaps walls, Boors,
and other structures) at distances ranging from a
Icw feet bolow the surface co several hundrei feel,
under optimum conditions The esperimcat
described in this paper was motivated by the de.
sire to detect underground chambers at archaco-
† Manuscript receivel by the Editor June 6, 1973, revised manuscript received August 20, 1973.
• Radio Plyalus Labaratory, Stanford Rescanch Iratitute, Mento Park, Celif. 94025.
© 1974 Suciety of Exploration Geophysicists. All rights reserved.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 681, "chars": 4458, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
50
Dolphin of al
logical sites, such as the pyramids of Egypt, using
electromagnetic sounder techniques.
The transmitters used in the experiment were
based on a design by Hellar and Holter (1934),
and Samsel (19S7). This transmitter theoretically
delivers a singk-cycle radio requency oscillation
to a matched load, without subsequent ringing.
Figure 1 shows the out put of several actual trans-
mitters with nominal irequencies of 15, 25, 33,
and 56 Mhe as measured with a resistive load.
The power output of cach is about 200 kw. Be-
cause the exponcatial ringing is eliminated to a
large degree, these transmitters improve consid-
crably the prospect for detecting scattering ob
jects close to the sounder, and also pravides good
spatial resolution of echoes from more than one
In our experimeats the Iransmitters were
coupled to the earth using broadband "bow-tic"
antennas similar in shape to thuse often used for
UHF TV reception, made either of metal.
sprayed doth or copper screen, and lying on the
ground. Similar bow lies and broadband dipoles
made of rectangular conducting sheets were used
The sounder display found most useful for our
purposes, the A-scope or amplitude-versus-time
oscilloscope prescntation, allows real-time inspec
tion of the beld of view of the sounder and woni.
loring of performance at the same time
RESULTS TROM DOLOMITE MINE EXPARIMENTI
A dolomite mine in the Inyo Mountains near
Lone Pine, Calif. was selected as a site for held
esperiments because of the low attenuation in the
rock at that site. The principal experimeatal ob
jective was to delect chamber A (Figure 2) and
most of the site placements were determined on
this basis. Figure 3 is a photograph of the caterior
showing some of the equipment locations on the
In addition to the surface sounding operation
with the receiver connected to the uscilloscope by
a length of coazial cable, a broadband dipole was
IMPLITUDE •
Fax L. Output pulses froen several single-cycle irapulse transmi
is nicasurel across a resistive load.
Underground EM
Gradingel
, L 1.
Fia. 2. Map of Premier R
dolamite i
the projociod locations of uns naruitting
(T.) and receiving (R) sites
placed within the end of chamber A of the mine
almost directly bencath trausmitter site In The
signal iron this dipole was also monitored at the
oscilloscope outside the mine on an electrically
measured length of coaxial cable, thus providing
an accurale one-way propagation time from
transmitter to chamber A. The metbod of verify.
ing that the echoes seen were from the under-
ground chambers was a comparison of the known
geometry of the equipment at several sites with
respect to the chambes, lhe propagation time on
a one-way basis and, anally, the total two-way
propagation time for the suspected echoes.
The sounder equipment external to the mine en
the hillside was moved to several different sites,
varying the distance to the chamber and the ge-
ametry. The equipment was fnally moved to a
sufficient distance and uniavorable viewing aspect
that all echoes vanished.
From the known geometry of the mine it was
determined that the propagalian velocity of sig-
nals from transmitter into the cad of chamber A
was close to 0.30 c, giving an elective dielectric
constant e, of approsimately Il at 25 Mhr, us-
suming a low loss medium.
Figure 4 shows the dieloctric constant, lass tan-
gent and attenuation coeficient of a sample of
solid white dolomite' from this mine as measured
in the laboratory. The rock in situ at the mine is
laulted and broken by joints. It was sot surpris
ing, therefore, to measure a diclectric constant of
I1 and altenuation coefficient c/ 0.6 Jb/m (tan
$ -0.08) at 25 Mhe in the feld, bigher then the
values of the laboratory sample, apparently be-
cause the actual mountainside consists of both
fractured zack and soil. The top soil at the mine
was quite wet because of reccat cavy rains in the
arca, which should increase both the dielectric
constant and conductivity of this component of
the mountainside Labaratory measurements on
individual samples of solid dolomite taken from
the site reveuled hitle edect of humidity or sur.
lace muisture, indicating that groundwater in
Faults and joints and wet top soil were important
factors in propagation through the billside.
Figares 5, 4, and 7 present a lew of the many
amplitude versus time records made during the
measurements in the vicinity of the dolomite
perccat FerOr: spocibc gravity, 286; Maha hardness,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3597, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Delphin et al
Undergreund EM
Isa. J. Photograph af the dolomite mine nite sbowing transmit ting
sod rocciviag antenna locations on the hillside.
mine and illustrate the most important features
observed in the resulta.
Figure 5 illustratrs strong echo returns from
chamber A and the result of changing the trans-
mit ler receiver goometry. It was determined frou
the minc survey that the goomelry mast dosdy
specular with respect to the ciling of chamber A
was with the transmitter located al position Ti
and the receiver at position R.. It was reassurring
that thisgcometry yieled by far the largest cross-
section in comparison to the many other gome-
ties tried during the course of the experiment.
For camplc, • comparison of Figure 5(a) and
S(b) shows a 10db decrease in echo power by
moving the recciver irom position R, to Ks The
ciling af chamber A had a cross-section of a lieste
over 100 m* when spatial and absorptive losses
were accounted for in the propagation cquation.*
•A separate set of measuremats determiñed the
alsorytive loas aa 06 Ju/es, and a refloction coelirient
R of 0.95. Onber parameters in the
propagation aigua
tion wete & peak natput power uf 200 Ew, and antenna
gain factor of 3.
(A cross section of 100 m' represents an effective
reflecting area of approsimately 10 m" assuming
• portion uf the ceiling is tegarded as a ilat plate.
The actual physical ares of the ciling was per-
haps as great as 200 m.) The ceiling was quite
rough, and has cot been finished ilar to give an
ideal specalar scilcclion, so 100 m* cross-scction
semis a reasonable result.
Moving the receiver frum R, to No results in a
total range clange of 10 ft, oe difference in propa-
gaticn rime of 33 ns. When the 12-ns differeace in
triggering time beween the Ti-Ki and 7i-R
gometry is accounted for, the difference in ansel
time of cither drom the ceiling of chamber A
should be 45 ms. The measured differeace showa
in Figure 5 is as close to agrecment with this figure
as can be scaled from the data.
Figure 5 also reveala that the echo duratioa is
much greater than the transmitter pulse. One ce-
planation is that chocs are being received from
other regions of the mide. For this reason the es.
pected onset times from what are regarded as
TWUY - II
Fio. 4. Dielectric constant, los Langent, and attenuation codficient ol a
sample ol dolomite masurol in the laboratory.
Fig. 5. Compariss
Mba) at T, and rocciverat Ri aud Rs
likcly reflecting areas and designated B and C
(Figure 2) are sbowa cu Figure S. Carciul ca-
aminalion of data in the same form as Figure 5,
but from different transmitter-receiver georse.
tries, colablishes that a lull esplanation ol the
echoes requires a complicated interaction of three
mechanismis opcrating sinaaltaneously. The Arst
two are dispersion of the pulse as it propagales
through the medium and uniform scattering ol thc
pulse from a rough, extended suriuce. The third
mechanism is the rellection of the pulic from
separate suriaces that slightly overlap onc another
in the time domain. The separation of the efects
discansod above is extremely difficult.
Further delail on echoes overlapping in tiae is
lustrated in Figure 6 which shows a timic-ce-
panded view of echoes frum the T. — Ro geometry.
On the top trace, • portion of she entire oscillo-
scope swcep al 200 ns per division has been in-
tensifed to show the location in range of the por-
tion shown in the bottom sweep at 50 ms per divi-
sion. The calculaled time delays representing the
start of echocs irora the roof of chamber A and a
poist at the end af tunnel B (point T on Figure 2)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 710, "chars": 4874, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fia. & Deiail of the ebo at T, R, showing tbe calculated
Dolphin al al
ground. The transmitting and receiving antconas
at I, and R, are separated by 50 it. The direct
propagation time between them through the sir
is then 50 as. The time delay between the air
pulse and ground pulse at 20 Mhe is 125 as, so
the total propagation time is 175 as. This props-
gation time corresponds to a refractive indes of
3.5 for the 50-ft ground path, in good agreement
with other mcasures of the bolk retractive indes
Several prominent hillädes and other large ob-
jecis near the site should have been ideal scat-
terers for sic-propagated echoes at ranges same-
what larger than the echoes from the mine tun-
nels. A search for such echoes proved, surprisingly,
to give negative resalts. Because the suriace ge-
ometry at this site docs not seem capecially favar-
able for avoiding air propagated echoes, this
test gives added weight to other evidence that air
propagated ccho signals are not as serious a liabil-
ity in these measurementa as we first leared.
arc shown related to the capanded scale. Since the
characteristic echo shape for a single refection
appcars to have three half-cycles, it is plausible
that half-cycles of opposite sense are responsible
for the fat area at time B. Il one accepts this
argument, then a sccond echo begins at almost
precisdy the calculated time. It is necessary, in
any case, to recugnize that tuanel B and a site in
the vicinity of J17 on the map represent favorable
geometries for scallering and must be considered
probable sources to partially erplain the observed
Figure 7 shows the different results obtained
when different frequencies are used aver the same
propagating patb. Figure 7 is notable for the de
crcasing echo strengib and general change in
shape or loren of the echo with increasing fre
quency caused by dispersion of the pulse in the
The nominal transmitter frequencies shown in
Figure 1, using resistive loads, are modiled some-
what in practice by the Eltering effect of the an-
tennas used. For this reason, the 25-Mhs trans-
milter shown in Figure I appears to give a 17.5-
Mha radiated pulse, and the other tracsmitter
frequencics are also similarly lowered.
The 17.5-Mhe transmitter-the top trace in
Figure 1 gave the bost overall results.
However, the advantage of the flexibility pro
vided by several Irequencies is shown in the 26
and 39-Mhz traces, in which the considerable
dosc-in clutter of the 17.5-Mha trace is clearly re
solved into a pulse propagated through the air and
• Inter direct pulse propagated through the
rectiviag sites, T, and Re
Underground EM
35
INITIAL TRANUATTER PULSE
T
RELATIVE AMPLITUDE VACTOR
TIME → C
132S RUMENT AL
ACKNOWEEDUHENTS
This work was sponsored by Stanlonl Rescarch
Institute ander Isslitate Rescarch and Derclop-
ment Task No. 20118.
Our collague, Ir. Arshur Wickersham, has
contribetel gically to equiament development,
testing, and propagation starlics. We are gratclul
fur his stimulative participatian.
Mr. Don Gestaison of Premice Rosaurces, Iac.
owners of the Dolomite Mines near Lone line,
Calif. has showa splendid cooperation in granting
access to their mincs and provided invaluable help
with mapping and surveying
EI-Said, M. A. Il, 1956, Geophysical prospecting of
underground water in the desert by means of electro.
magnelic interference fringes: Prox. IKE, p. 21-30
MAPUTED DIRPEALICA DO PULSE IN TE MATENE
OP DOR CANI TE
Electronica ConT, v.
Fleetronics Conlerrace, Inc
R. J 5, Koberts, F. A., Fred
nikason, O. A., and Unterberger, R. H, 1912, Radar
being al a sale douse: Coophysica, v. 37, ma S, p
Samsel, N. W., 1937, Taise generalor: U.S. Patent ao.
raper, US/i Ap Meeting, Ballet, Cola.
Unlerberger, R. K., Huber, W T, and Brows, R. J.S,
1971, Theloctric propertica of salt rock: in prepara-
(anyan; I. L., 1961, Electeomagnetic depth somings
(iranslated from Kusian ly George V. Keller): Nev
York, Consultants Bureau
KERERSNCAS FOR GENERAL READING
Heacock, Joan G. (cd). 1971, The structure and phys
Ical properties of the carth's crust: Goophys. Mone
raja I4. Washington, American Gooshysical Union
Figure 8 (a, b, c) shows a comparioon of theory
and experiment regarding dispersion of the pulse
* it propagates through the dolomite. Figure
8(a) represents a very dose approzimation to lise
transmitted pulse. Figure 8Eb) illustrates an
actual scho return for the T, — Re geumetry where
the iwo way distance to chamber A is 70 m. Fig-
ure Bic) shows a computer simulation of the trans-
mitted pulse after propagating 70m through
dolomite, having « loss tangent of 0.1 aad relative
dielectric constant of 11.
Paro ate let Pee Rental perties al rock
(ve lor, Penan Readin by Gage V. Killer):
Wail, James R (ed), 1971, Electromagnetic probing in
kouplysis: Boulder, The Golem Press
Some electrical characteritics of the carth's crust:
Proc. IEEE, p. 897-910.
