{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T03:04:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3335698, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125351-cejka-various-devices-and-circuits.pdf", "source_sha256": "e1ea20aceb2e5a75f825ec0b028ba5bd12de320de927486b87bf032a1e598a00"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3601, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ГЕМПЕК 16, 79
ELECTRICAL,
dowr
osage being cheed at both ends magnetic
ed about Sed annular Bow passage for im-
inD a seady radial magnetic deld across sold fow
•54.
misera
accited with said low passage for
ag the conducting duid to flow alternately in op-
e directions through said magnetic feld to establish
rying circulating current within the moving fluid by
micraction of said feld and the foid, and coll means
ted to have an alternating electromotive force in-
d therein by the varying circulating current in the
Requested 1-27-84
880
3,142.251
ELECEKODE STRUCTURE FROM MAGNETO.
HIDKODYNANNC DEVICE
Emmedh A. Luebke, Schccciady, N.Y., assignor do Gen-
eral Electric Company, a corporation of New York
Filed Jum, 3, 1962, Ser. No. 164,114
7 Chins.
(C1. 310-11)
3,149,251
ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION
y Huritz, Jr., Schenectady, N.Y., assignor to Gen-
al Electric Company, a corporation of New York
Filed Apr. 17, 1961, Ser. No. 103,303
8 Claims.
(CI. 310-11)
1. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device
which comprises a honded mass of refractory thermionic
emitting particles having a conducting network of refrac
lory metal flaments dispersed throughout the mass.
3,149,254
LINEAR MOTOR OR GENERATOR
Thomas A. Carter, 7914 Melita Ave., Nach Hollyweed,
Calif, and Gico D. Sumerlin, 13506 Kismet, Sylor,
Filed Aug. 7, 1961, Ser. No. 129,831
8 Claims,
(Cl, 310-12)
A method of generating electric power, which com-
tie steps of injecting an casily tonizuble first ma-
into a gaseous luid, injecting into said coscous fluid
ond material whose atoms have at least one neta-
enercy level, raising die energy level of atoms of
1 material to their metestable level whereby
aid fust maserial are lonized by collisions with
ot said second material in their metastable level,
assing the gascous flaid mixture through a magnetic
whereby electic current flows through said gaseous
3,149,252
ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION
mall Lapp, Schenectady, N.V., asignor to Gencral
Electric Company, a corporation of New York
Filed Apr. 17, 1961, Ser. No. 116,212
4 Claims.
(CL. 310-11)
1. A linear motor-generator comprising a permanent
magnet, an inner pole piece estending from one pale of
sand magnet, a magnetic-transfer housing connected to
and partly enclosing said magnet and inner pole piece, un
outer pole piece carried by and within the magnetic
transfer housing around and partly coextensive with the
inner pola piece, the inner pole piece bcing of similar
polarity to the pale of the ningnet from which it extends,
the outer pale piece being of opposite polarity to Ibe inner
pole piece, said two pole picces dening an clongated and
annular flux cavity therebetween, and a free, movable coil
in said cavity.
n a magnetohy drodynamic generator, the combina-
senprising moans defining a flow path for a gaseous
means for injecting into the gascous fluid an ioniz-
ust material and a second material whose atoms
it least one metastable energy level comparable to
nization energy level of the first material, irradia-
cans for raising the energy level of the atoms of
ond material to a level above thcir metastable level,
ans for causing the atoms to drop to their mela-
el whereby atoms of the first material are there-
nized by collisions with atoms of the second mate-
their mictastable lovel.
3,149,255
ELECTRICAT RECIPROCATING MOTOR
Anthony B. Treach, Call, Ontario, Carada, assignor to
HE & T Electrical Prodacts, Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Piled Nur. 23, 1902, Sur. No. 183,326
20 Claims.
(CL. 310--30)
1. An clectromagnctic ncially rcciprocating motor
comprising a pencrally Inbular wator having laterally

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 633, "chars": 4694, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ресомнен 31, 1903
BLECTRICAL
1193
ing an inductor, micans for controlling the direction of to establish alternagively two stable states of operation
canentllow through said inductor, and a circuit configura- in said nope elements corresponding lo pusive
and
negative polarices of an information signal upon appli-
cation of said information sipnal comprising meons for
applying said information sigaul to said bridge, an output
circuit connected to said n-type elemenis, connections
connected to a connection point corresponding lo the elec-
tion including two series-opposed negative resistance di-
trieal center of said secondary winding for applying bias
odes connecied in scries with said inductor,
voltages therelo simultaneously with the application of
said information signat to develop at said output circult
an output signal having a polarity corresponding to the
3,116,425
polarity of said information signal.
BISTABLE STAGES HAVING
NEGATIVE
RESISTANCE DIODES AND INDUCTORS
Reginald A. Kuenel, Murray Hill, NJ., assiguor to
Telephone Laboratories,
Hell/
N.X., a corporation of New York
Incorporated, New
York, YELECTRON TUNNEL EMÍSSION DEVICE U/TU IZ.
ING AN INSULATOR BETWEEN TWO CONDUC
Filed June 27, 1960, Ser. No. 39,117
13 Claims. (CL. 307—B8.5)
TORS EITHER OR BOTH OF WHICH MAY BE
SUPERCONDUCTIVE
Glever, Schenectady, N.Y., assignor to Gencra
Electric Company, a corporation of New York:
Filed Nov. 17, 1960, Ser. No. 70,074
11 Claims.
(CL. 307-88.5)
102022
2. In combination, first circuit path means comprising
fog voltage-controlled negative resistance diodes con-
ed in series-aiding and first inductanco micuss con-
aed in series with said diodes, second circult path
means connected in parallel with said first circuit path
nears and comprising two series-connected impedance
clemenis, second inductance means connected betwoen the
midpoint of said series-aiding diodes and the midpoint
1. An electronic device of the type described compris-
of said series-connected impedance elements, source.
ing a first conductor, an insulator, and a second conductor
midans for biasing one of said diodes to the relatively low
in a sandwich-like arrangement with the insulator in the
vitage positive resistance region of its characteristic curve
form of an clectron permcable continuous film of tbick-
and for biasing the otber one of said diodes to the rela-
ness between two and 1000 angstroms disposed between
lively high voltage positive resistance region of its chat-
and separating the first and second conductors and con-
acteristic curve, and signal source means coanected to the
lacting opposed surfaces of the said conductors, the first
Junction of said first inductance means and said series-
conductor having a normal resistance state and below a
aiding diodes for applying a signal to said diodes to cause
critical temperature haviog a superconductive state und
then to interchange their positions on said positive re-
means for malataining said first conductor at a tempera-
sistance regions and thereby to cause a regenerated signal
fure below its superconducting critical temperatare,
1o appear across said diodes.
LOGIC CIRCUITS
EMPLOVING BRIDGE NET-
WORKS COMPRISING TRANSFORMER SEC-
N-TYPE CONDUCTIVITY
CURVE NEGATIVE RESISTANCE ELEMENTS
Shindaro Ostima, Musashiao-shi, Hajimc Enomoto, Ichi-
Lawa-shi, Shiyoji Watanabe,
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo-le,
and Kilsutaro
assignors to Kokasai Denshin Denwa Kabushiki Kaisha,
Tokyo-fo, Japan, a joint-stock company of Japan
Filed Nov. 14, 1960, Ser. No. 69,165
Claims priority, appliestion Japan Nov. 16, 1959
I3. A logical clement comprising. a bridge circuit com-
rising a series combination of elements having n-type
onductivity connected in the same sense in said bridge
İrcait, at least one transformer secondary winding con-
Hod forming two arms of said bridge circuit, means
FORCE RESPONSIVE ELECTRICAL IMPUISE
GENERATOR
William G. Blodgett, Redondo Reach, and Francis M.
Cummings and Walter H. Fleming, Los Angeles, Calif,
asignors to Space Equlpmcut Corporation, Torrance,
Calit, a corporation of Califaria
Filed Oct. 16, 1961. Ser. No. 145,369
1 Clala (CL. 310—15)
An impulse generator comprisine, in combination: a
cylindrical container; a stationary magnetic member ex-
tending transverscly of said container and rigidly secured
to the sidowalls of the container; electrical windings sc
cured to said stationary magnetic member; a movable
magnetic member baving a general cup shaped configura-
tion with a central upwardly extending core, one of said
magnetic members being permancady magnetized, said
movable magoctie member receiving said windings within
its sidewalls and over its core in flux coupling relutionship

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 5167, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
104d
OFPICIAL GAZETTE
cors being substantially parallel to a plane passed carough altereating signal, an auxiliary supply source, un output
said second array of parallel conductar: an electrolumi- circuit, and switch means coatrolled by sad coatrol signal S
nescent lager interposed belween said unnys and a plutand controlling the application of potential from said authE
ily of decree spiced pillars interposed between one of
put circuit unless the concrol voltage corresponds to a fo
featial distribution in the lamp circuit with substantaly
the full alternating supply voltage across the troastorin/ h
said arrays and said electroluminescent layor, each of said
pillars being composed of a symneetrically on-lineor resis-
Lve cure circumferentially surrounded by an clectrically
insulating couting.
SERIES STACKED TRANSISTORIZED IGNITION
SYSTEM HAVING DIODES IN SERIES WITH THE
Warren R. Wood, Palo Allo, Culif., asignor to:
Robert Bosch G.mn.b.H., Smiteart, Gonnany
Filed May 10, 1962, Ser. No. 193,765
4 Claim. (CI 315206)
3,154.636
COLD CATHODE.
Burned V. Dore. Sanayrale, and Richard A. Hein, Palo
Alu, Calf. assigoors to Sylvania Electric Products lac.,
• согросню of Delamare
Filed Jone 15, 1961, Ser. No. 117,216
& Claime. (CI. 315-94)
1. An improved ignition system for an internal consi
bustion cogine laving spark pluge and distributor pointert
for opening and closing a circuit in synchronization with E
engine operation, the system comprising a source of clea
trical power, an ignition transformer having a primarys*
1. An secten esussice device comprising a metallic
susalaale, a Sarrier laves of semiconductor material
formed an ad abstrue, bu emission layer formed oo
said barnie, layer, mid emission layer comprising a com-
bination at a canduce baving a relatively low work
fenetion aad un colds of so alkali carth metal a source
of Sies voilapa, and masans for connecting said source lo
sale rubssie zad so all conductor for applying an
class deld want be barriet layer.
winding ond a secondary winding. means conncoting let
secondary winding to the spark plugs, a plucility of tram-M
sistors cach having a boss, emitter and collector and an 1r:
emitter-base
path, means connecting the transiston in:
series so the emitter of one is connected to the collector?
of an ajacent transistor, means connecting the transistors
in series with the source of electrical power and the prig
mary winding so toe transistors control the flow of current
through the primary winding, a separate biasing resistor f
connected across the buse and emitter of each transister 3:
means connecting the biasing resistors in circuit with die
source of power and distributor points to apply a pil-
LAMP MONTJORING APPARATUS
sating voltage across the biasing resistors and control the
Peer Skiener. Ennoon. Eneiand, assignor to Decca
flow of current through the transistors, a separule diode 4j
Ilued London, Engiand, a British company
connected to and in scries with the base of cach transistory
Filed Dee Iu. 1*02. Scr. No. 243,230
and the distributor points to isolate the transistors whea
C Batte permity, appicain Gorat Britain, Dee. 13, 1961, the points open, and a separate dropping resistor connected 2
5 Claime (CL 315 -129)
in series With the base of each transistor between said base
and the corresponding diode to limit base current tow, 9
SHITE
each of said biasing resistors and each of the correspond-l
ing ones of said dropping resistors being connected in
series circuit with each other and with the corresponding y
cutter-bose path lo form a closed loap compring: a.
biasing resistor, a dropping resistor and the emitter-base
path for each of said transistors.
1. in a doorescent lamp system having a fluorescent
Tamp with a transformer winding connected in shunt
across the famp and a ballast choke in series with the
Tarip in an alterating supply circuit, moaitoring appara-
ted comprising an auxiliary winding inductively coupled
lo the lamp circuit to have an induced alternating signal
of magnitude dependent on the relative potential distribu-
lion accoss the ballast choke and transformer winding
a rectifier arranged to produce a direct control signal of
magnitude dependent oo the magnitude of said induced
SPARK IGNITION APPARATUS
Arthur Parish, Hemel Hempstead,
asslenar to Rotax Timited, London, England =120
Filed Oct. 2, 1961, Ser. No. 142123
Claims priority, application Great Britain, Oct. 11, 1969
(CI. 315-209)
1. Spark ignition apparates comprising in combinatioa
Grst and second terminas for connection to a D.C. source,
a transformer having a primary winding and a sccondary
MAT 18, 1965
winding,
•a cal
winding in a su
pep and a spark
said copaciar, n
winding to said
which the ofhe
to the first icem
interrupter teac
magnetic forces ,!
winding for urgu
tion against Die
conal winding 1e
first and said seco
sive to current il
ing the actiog of
the breakdown N
operable when th
is reduced for dis
the fest and sci
of said interrupt
ing and said add:
and disconnection
maintain the spa
broakdown voltag
INTERNAL C
SYSTEM
Norman Alfrei
Josuph Luca
England
Filed Ji
Claims priorily,
1
An internal ci
prising in combi
Said generator in

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 4658, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1210
OFFICIAL GAZETTE
SEPTEMBER 27, 1964
of uniform diameter terminating at a radial shoulder, an La
3,150,281
anaular field core slidably mownied in and closely fitting
CLASS OF HICH ULTRAVIOLET TRANSMIT.
said bore throughout the length of the core. the inner
TANCE, METHOD, AND ARTICLES MAND.
end of the lacter being sented against said shouldor, soil
FACTURED THEREFROM
secood member being in cod-to-cad abuument with said
Adli M. Bishay, Chicago, Ill, assignor la the United Sote
first member and having an axially extendiag pilot por-
of America as represented by the United States Monie
tion slidalily extending into said bore agalast the other
Energy Connision
Filed Ape. 20, 1961, Ser. No. 105,825
end of said core, and means for securing said members
4 Claims. (Cl. 313-221)
in assembled relation.
1. A glass composition consisting essentially of de
molar proportions 45,0, 1.0A10,, and 1.DK,O.
2. A method of making a glass of high ultraviolet
3,150,279
BEARING COSSTRUCTION
Elmer Fred Macks, Willow Lane, VenuIlion, Olia
Orgial applicotion Jan. 14, 1959, Ser. No.
786,356.
Darded and this application June 14, 1902, Ser. No.
202,605
7 Claims (CL 310-50)
transmittance, comprising melting under an inert atmos-
phere a mixture consisting essencially of the molar pro
portions
and
1.0K_CO.
FIE
3. A permicidal lump comprising an elongated cylin-
drical envelope of glass consisting essentially of BO,
ALO, and KO in the molar proportions of 45B,0,
10AIO, and 1.OK.D, said cavelope being bennetically
senled at bath ends around electrical conductors, a bullast
at one of the ends, electrodes within the covelope al each
cod, and mercury vapor throughout the interior of the
enVelope.
3.150,282
HIGIE EFFICIENCY CATHODE STRUCTURE
Donovan V. Geppert, Menlo Park, Calif
Assignor to
Stauford Research Testicate, Mento Park, Calil., a cor-
poration of Califocuia
Filed Nov, 13, 1963, 5cr. No. 237,213
7 Claims. (CI. 313—316)
1. An anicle of manufacture including first and second
reiatively rotatablo assemblies, said first assembly includ-
ing a pin member, the sccond asscrably including a slove
support tube, a sleeve member supported within the tube
and tclescoped over the pin to defiao a complemental
pneumatio load carrying film producing region there-
beeween, an end cap secured to the tube and spaced from
the pin to provide a trapped pocket of air therebetween,
and an annular deformable ring squeezed between the
cap and the tube and pressed against the sleeve to prevent
reiative axial movement of the sleeve.
3,150,250
INSELATED STACK
OF
ELECTRICAL LAMINA:
HOSS AND METHOD OF MAKING THE SAME
Joseph R. Linle, Springfield, Pa.,
assignor, by mesne
asignments, to Litton Industries, lac, Bererly Hills,
Calif., a corporation of Delaware
Piled Oct. 13. 1960, Ser. No. 62496
13 Claims. (Cl. 310-215)
1. A cathode structure comprising a frst metal section,
a contiguous loggo band-gap semi-conductor section, a seo-
ond metal section contiguous to said semi-conductor sec-
tion, and a surface layer for said second metal section.
the metal of said first section being selected to have a low
work function relative to the inetal of said third secrion,
said surface layer being selected to be a material which
has a law work function relative to said first metal sec
lion.
3,150,283
TRAVELING WAVE TUBE HAVING RECTANGU-
LAR WAVEGUIDE SLOW WAVE STRUCIURE
WITH EQUIANGULARLY SPACED ELECTRON
GUNS
Joseph E. Rowe, Aun Arbor, Mich, assignor to the United
States of America as represented by the Secretary of
the Alr Force
Filed May 19, 1961, Ser. No. 111,411
1 Claim.
(Cl. 315—3.6)
1. An insulated rotor
comprising a shaft having a
slack of laminationg mounted thereon, said laminations
having a series of peripheral teeth with slow formed
therebetween, a wire winding on said rotor positioned
in said slots to form slot windings and positioned across
the face of each end lamination to form end windings,
and a single sheet of insulation lying between said wind-
ings and said stack, said insulation sheet lying in the
slots lo form slot insulation and scross the face of each
end lamination to form end insulation, said insulation
sheet having rounded corners between said slot and end
insulation.
said end insulation being criakled so as to
cushion said end windings.
A traveling wave tube comprising an evacuated -
tallic cylinder, a conductive helical ribbon having one
edge in continuous electrical contact with the incer sur-
face of said cylinder and having a widib equal to the u
ner radius of said cylinder, soid ribbon forming with De
inner surface of said cylinder a helical waveguide dow
wave siructure, said ribbon having aligned apertites

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 3400, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ach tube conducts on '2 ot rycle
27 mH,
PIEL 23, 1010
U.S. PATENT OFFICE
~200W outpat
tubef: laments
S07
with said sun and orbit gears, and speed respon-
sive
controlled means for connecting snid sun
for a mechine clement which consists in utilizing
the metal of a previously formed sleeve, recon-
structing sold sleeve by
subjectne it to forco in
• machine so as to uniformly move the metal
structure thereof into surfaces with new dimen-
sions while substantially maintaining the original
wall thickness, applying a coatine of metal to one
of the newly created wall surfaces and fishing
sald coatine and the other newly created well
surface to fit the element journal and sleeve
holder.
2.198,075
AMUSEMENT DEVICE
Benjamin Borek, Chicago, 1Il
Application March 10, 1937, Serial No. 130.039
2 Claims.
(CI. 46-51)
Ecar to revolve with said carrer or to hold it
from rotation therewith.
- 136.073
SHORT WAVE THERAPY UNIT
Harold S. Bayless, Ierman D. Bauer, and Hyman
D. Fischer,
Chicago, III.
Application September 28, 193G. Serial No. 102.912
2 Claims.
(C1. 128-4221
Power p adjust
1. In a device of the character described, a
track comprising a pair of wires arranged to form
i plurality of loops In planes forming ao angle
to each other, and means for maintaining sad
wires in spaced relation to afford a looped ciased
path for a ball.
Resonast Frep edjust for dip
2.198.076
MOTOR VEHICLE CONTROL
Forest S. Cartwright, Indianapolis, Ind.
Application February G, 1937, Serial No. 124,449
14 Claims.
(C1, 152—01)
9-
1. An electro-therapy device comprising therm-
Jonic valves having cathodes, grids and anodes.
an input circuit, a transformed circult from sald
input circuit to said cothodes to beat said cath-
odes, u transtormed circuit from said input ciremit
to said gride and said anodes, a erid coll in the
circult of sold crids, a conversion inductance coil
in the circult of said anodes, pick-up colls in-
ductively coupled to said conyersion coil, sald
coils being of tubular material to present inner
and outer electrically active surfaces, said con-
• Version and pick-up colls being so arranged and
located as to be varied in angular relation of the
axes theret, sald conversion coll having Its con-
volutions so varled in dismeter as to be in gen-
erally conaldal form, electrode pads electrically
connected to said pick-up colls, and a variable
capacity connected in shunt with said pick-up
colls for tuning the resonance of the circuit to
said electrode pads.
2,198.074
METHOD OF MAKING BEARINGS
Ernest V. Berry, Los Angeles, Calif.
Application February 6, 1939, Serial No. 254.755
2 Claims.
(CI. 29.
-149.5)
1. The method of producing o bearing sleeve
513 0. G.- 07
1. The combination of a motor of the internal-
combustion type, a power train including a step-
by-step speed-changing gearing, clutching means
Interposed between the molor and power train.
• Chrottle valve controlline fow of fuel to the
motor, operator-controlled means for positioning
said throttle valve, power-actunted means for
alternatively positioning sald clutching nieans,
a second power-actuated means for selectively
positloning the speed changing gearine. Including
an operator-controlled selector, a control element
for controlling the application of power to the
power-actuated cluteh-operating means, a third
power-actuated means, connections botween said
third power-acturted means, the power-control-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 625, "chars": 4453, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1166
OFFICIAL GAZETTE
ВЕРТЕМЕК 25, 150
being separated by relatively brond fat areas of said sur- having a thickness les than the mean-free poth of =
face, terminal means at each end of said conductor for elecron, said second conductive ictal layer having i
applying clectrical current thereto, and a quantity of elec. thickness less than the mean-fice path of an clares i
trically insulative material formed in a spical configura- second layer of insulaties material on said secund ceo-
ductive layer surface opposie to that adjacent sid tic
layer of insulation material, soid second insulating lape
having a thickness less than that which will case apo
charge limitation of the electrans emitted from said ig
ond conductive layer, and a third conductive metal lare
on said second insulating material layer.
-a stress
lion sauliar to that of said steip of conductor material
and interiominated Mcrowith to form a unitary annular
cail structure characterized by alternated turns of con-
dector and insulator and furtser charocterized by trans-
wese cociant passeges formed by said grooves.
3.056.074
MINIATURE DESICCATOR AND PRODUCHON OF
UNTIS THEREOF
John Russell Fahey and George I.. Schnable, Tanslale,
Pa, assigners, by mese asignments, to Philo Corpo
rution, Fbiladelphia, Pa. a corporation of Delaman.
Continuation of application Ser. No. 67,07L, Nov. 3, 1964
This application Dec. 16, 1960, Ser. No. 91,292
3.056,072
TANTALUM CAPACITOR
15 Claims.
(CL. 317--234)
Hauter W. Sebroeder and Darid B. Peck, Williamstown,
Mass, assignors to Sprague Electric Company, North
Adams, Masse, a corporation of Massachuselts
Filed June 26, 1953, Ser. No. 744,723
2 Claims. (CL. 317-230)
a 3 poole
i had ashr
1. A miniature desiccator comprising a sicgle granak
of class on a filament of metal, said granuto comprisiog a
porous silica lattice shell and a pon-porcus core of plas
separated borosilicate, said filament being firmly boaded
to said core and extending through and from sold shell-
3,056,075
TURRET TUNERS
Anthony S. Coleman and Hubert Roy Holland, Amot
England, assignors to Braybead (Ascol Limited, Ascor
England, a British company
Filed Nov. 4, 195H, Ser. No. 771,759
Claims priority, application Great Britn Now. 7, 1957
3 Світя. (C1, 317—249)
1. An electrolytic capacitor comprising a silver cath-
oce container having an integral closed end, an inert
spacer member within said container at said closed end,
• penet-type tantalum anode positioned on said spacer
memoer, a corrosive electrolyte having an acid pli sur-
rounding said anode in said container, a seal comprising
a crumierentially grooved plug of essentially rigid halo-
med amylone polymer within said container external
af aid anode, a tacky hydrocarbon caulking material in
sad Foor, said anole maintained berween said plug
and wid spacer by the lip of said container being spun
anto sad seal, said capacitor scaled by the adjacent wall
of mid container being rolled into said groove whereby
sud sulking material maintains the seal upon differ.
catal expansion and contraccion of said container and
said plug
Reynaste.
1-21-0
3056,073 )
SOLID STATE ETECTRON DEVICES
Carver A- Meud, Pasadena, Calif, assignor to Californla
Instinate Research Foundation, Pasadena, Colif., a cor-
poration of Califoruia
Filed Feb. 15, 1960, Ser. No. 5,589
13 Claims. (CI, 317—234)
tan tall
ALOU ST
9. A solid-state electron device comprising a first and
second conductive metal layer separated by a first layer
of insulating material, said insulating layer of material
L. A fine tuning arrasgement for V.H.F. frequencio
comprising a plurality of electrical condensers, said coo
densers consisting of a plurality of fixed plates side-by-
side in the same plane and a common movable plale op
posite said fixed plates, a supporting woll member ar
ranged generally parallel to said plates and having a soc
said movable plate, which is located between said fixed
plates and said supporting wall member, having Be edge
zone formed as a substantially Z-shaped portico cogagine
through said slot with the central part of the Z bearing
against an edge of the slot, a bager on an opposite eder
of said movable plate, a cocatable cam engaged by said-
finger, a spring member on the opposite side of sil
supporting wall member to said fixed and movable plates
and bearing against the free end of said Z-shaped porcus
to urge said finger into engagement with raid cam, where
Weal
Chila
the r
sol:
del
clini
Ed I

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 731, "chars": 5036, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
... amanags to pro- discharge clement firing in response to swings in cos di
duce a varying signal serially applied to the voltages in rection of the montered signal; means for steadying the
said connections which signal amplicade varics at a fre-
pulsatioas at the control electrode of the other device,
quency depeadeat upon the speed of said molor, and
and means operated in respanse to cessation of ocoduc
icans lo measure the differunce in shaft rotation between
tion of said discharge clement, and by the aid of the se
said synchro trasmitter and said synchro receiver.
end device for imposing a bias on the control elecuede
of the first devics lo prevent the monitored signal, upog
resumption, from causing said discharge ciement to fire,
2,960,656
and reset incans for restoring first electronic device for
UNIPULSE GATE
control by the monitored signal.
Richard G. Cumings, 2716 Ramblewaod Drive,
District Heights, Md.
Filed June 3D, 1959, Ser. No. 624,163
(CI. 328-102)
(Granted under Tille 35, 015. Code (L952), scc. 266)
2,560,658
MICROWAVE AMPLIFIERS
John Dain,
Chelmsford, and Percy Charles Rucks
Great Baddow, England, assiguers to English Electk
Valre Company Limited, Kingsay, London, England,
• British company
Filed Oct. 10, 195N, Ser. No. 766.514
Claims priority, application Great Britain Dee. 13, 1957
3 Clala (Cl. 33044)
1. A unipulse gate comprising: a vacuum tube includ-
ing at least a plate, a carhode, a center screen grid, =
first control grid between said screen grid and said cath-
ode, and a second comrol grid between said screen grid
and said plate; a grounded positive D.C. poteatial source
connected to said sereco grid and said plate; a constant
bias means connected to said calhode and said source
1. A high gain microwave amplifier of the kind b
for applying a potential to said cathode which is a minor
which amplification is obtained by interaction between an
fraction of the potential of said source, and self bias
clectron beam and at least one resopator coupled there
means connected between said second grid and said
to and adapted to modulate the velocity of the clectrons
cathode for applying a potential to said second control
thercof, said
amplifier comprising on clectron beani
grid less than the potential of said cathode by a factor
source, an input resonator coupled to said beam, meant
direstly proportional to the screen current.
for applying Inpur signals to said resonator to modulate
said beam in accordance therewith, an output resonator
coupled to said beam to take amplified output from the
2,960.657
CIRCUIT MONITOR
Clement. B. Edgerly, North Hollywood, Califo, assignor
to Newcomb Electronics Corp., Los Angeles, Calif., •
corporation of Califomia
Filed Apr. 8, 1957, Ser. No. 651,527
6 Clains. (CI. 328-200)
electrons thercof after they have passed and been modu-
lated by the input resonator, said input and cuput
resonators being resonant at substantially cqual be-
quencies, means for taking oulpur signals direcily from
said output resonator, and means for applying feediact
reaction, insullicient to cause self-oscillations, over at
least one intermediste length of said modulated bean
which is beyond said input resonator in the direction of
electron Mighr, said intermediate leogth being a length
over which said modulated beam remains modulated in
accordance with said input signals, wherein the feedback
reaction means comprises at least one pair of additional
resonators Situated belieen the input resonator and the
output resonator and coupled lo the electrons of the
beam at the opposite ends of an intermediate length
thercof, and a feedback path so dimensioned as to provide
positive energy feedback bewcen thar additional resona-
for which is nearer the output resonator
additional resonator.
Requested 1-27-f1
3. A circuit monitor for indicating the foilure of an
alternating current signal: a pair of variable electronic
devices each having clectrodes adapled to connect with
a load sircuit and also having a control electrode; means
SEMICONDUCTIVE ELECTRON SOURCE
forming load circuit for euch of said devices; means for
Joseph A. Burton, Chotham, N.J., assignor to Hell Tele-
exciting said load circuit; an electronie discharge ele-
plone Laboratories, Tocorporated, New York, N.S., •
ment connected between a point in the load circuit of one
corporation of New York
device and the control electrode of the other device, said
Filed Sept. 1, 1955, 5er. No. 532,043
electronic discharge element requiring the application of
13 Claims. (C1. 330—65)
2. An electron source comprising a semiconductive
a predetermined potential for firing; means for applying
body the main portion of which is of p conductivity type
the signal to be monitored to the control electrode of said
and an end surface layer of which is of a conductivity
one device; the load circuit for said one device being so
type, means for hiasing the p-m junction between said o
baracterized that the equilibrium potential of said point
main portion and said surface layer in the reveras dires

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 552, "chars": 3920, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOVEMBER 15, 1900
ELECTRICAL,
739
_beyond the point of avalanche bicukdown, and a nel a direct current bias having am amplitude varying
couting of electron work function reducing material on
direcily as the amplitude of said signal, means applying
said direct current bias to said amplification means for
increasing the gain of the said amplification means when
the amplitude of said direct current bias increases to
make the channel output umplitude even more constant.
2,960,662
WIDE RANGE SIGNAL LEVEL TRANSFER
CIRCUTT
Gordon E. Nelson, Windsor, Cona., assignor to Combus-
don Engineering, Ine, New York, N.Y, a corporation
of Delaware
Filed July 8, 1958, Ser. No. 747.237
6 Claims.
(CL 330 128)
the surface of said surface layer for inducing eleciron
emission from said surface into free space.
2,960,660
FEEDBACK AMPLIFIER CIRCUTE
Frunk Stuart Basall, Palo Alla, Calif, assignor to Len-
kurt Electric Co., Iuc., Sun Carlos, Calil., a corporation
Filed June 7, 1957, Ser. No. 664,221
1 Claim. (CL. 330--91)
1. In en organization of the type described a catiod=
follower tube having a supplemeral grid intermediars the
In a power amplifier producing outpol signals of tesser
control grid and the plate, means responsive to a diner-
ence in potential between the control voltage and the
amplitude than the amplitude of input signals and includ-
cathode effective to adjust the voltage of said suppic-
ing a multi-element vacuum tube connected in cathode-
mental grid in a manner to change the cathode current
following arrangement to a load circuit, an input trans-
* Raving a primary winding connected to receive
of the calhade follower so as to bring the cathode poten-
aignals and a sccondary winding connected at one
dial and the control voltoge into substantial agrocent.
and thereot to a control electrode of said vacuum tube,
said means including a difference amplitier connected to
amplify any difference between the control voltage und
and a control transformer of substantially one-to-one
the voltage of the cathode and means responsive to the
transformation and having a first winding connected be-
outpal of the voliage difference amplifier operative to
ween the control electrode and cathode of said vacuum
produce a voltage that varies in seuse in accordance ibere-
ube and a socond winding connected in series between
with and which is applied to said supplemental grid,
he secondary winding of suid input transformer and
ground for adding to input sigeals diereat a control signal
coportional to the difference between input and output
if said vacuum tube.
2.960.663
FREQUENCY CONTROL APPARATUS
Walter A. Mainberger, Winchester, Mass., assignor to
Nutional Company, Joc., Malden, Mass, a corpuration
of Massachusetts
Tiled June 20, 1958, 5cr. No. 744,729
12 Claims. (C1. 131—3)
2,960,661
AUTOMATIC GAIN CONTROL CIRCUIT
Caymond W. Bratschi, St, Paul, Mian., assigoor do Sperry
Kand Corporation, New York, N.V., a corporation of
Filed Jan. 16, 1957, Ser. No. 634.447
11 Clums. (Cl. 330-127)
I. Ao automatic gain control circuit comprising a
ain amplification channel including at least a first em-
ifler whose gain is to be contralled, amplifestion means,
cans for applying a signal as it appears in said chan-
I to said amplification means for amplification thereof,
cans
for applying the output of said
amplification
cans as a negative control bias to said first amplifier
cause the output of said channel to be relatively con-
• amplitude, and means for iacreaning the con-
/ of the channel output regardless of amplitude
I. A frequency control system comprising, in com-
rations, at least above a relativcly low amplitude, in
binarion, a frequency standard, frequency controllable
i signal as received by said channel comprising nicans
means for generating a signal to be applied to said
r deriving from said signal as it appears in said chen- standard, a modulation signal generator, means for fre-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3968, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pit-
the
the
INCT
• N
olding
Haves,
in the
sective
stegral
1e end
flanges
Langes
PHOC-
pertal-
ініпго
4. T. a
Serial
, 1934
ch
two
• are
tho-
by third
le of the
aternary
JOSE 1, 1951
U.S. PATENT OFFICE
107
and a brace bar extension rearwardly from the
lower end of the hitch member and having In
2.082,161
DEHTDRITION OF
ANTIMONY TRIPIUOR-
IDE
AND
MANUFACTUKE
OF
FLUOKE-
NATED ALIPHATIC COMPOUNDS
Albert I. Henne, Columbus, Olie, assignor, by
mesne assignments, to General Motors Cor-
poration, a corporation of Delaware
No Drawing.
Application Janunry 30. 103L.
Sertal
No. 514,169. Renewed October 16
1935
I Claim.
(CI. 260-162)
The manufacture of halo-fluoro aliphatic de-
raunes of hadrocaroons which comprises mix-
ag set anumony trifluoride and an
-сладов agent,
evaporating the distillation
agunt and water trom the fluoride, reacting the
sameer duonde thus obtained with a halogen
derivative of so aliphatic hydrocarbon, containing
a siogen other than fluorine.
2.082,162
TRAIN DISPATCHING
SYSTEM FOR RAIL-
ROADS
Forest B. Hitcheock and Oscar H. Dicke, Roches-
ter. N. I., assignors to General Railway Signal
Company, Rochealer, N, X.
Appiication
March 9,
1929,
Serial No. 345,667
21 Claims.
(Cl. 2163)
-4.
icar end secured to the sald angle bars at a point
between the Intermediate portions thereot.
2,082,161
TUBE FITTING
Sebastian Karrer, Washington, D. C., assignor
to Consolidated Gas Electric Light and Power
Company of Baltimore, Ballimore, DId, a cor-
poration of Maryland
Application March 13, 1934, Serlal No. 715,367
4 Claims.
(CI. 28586)
1. In a coupling for a thin-walled tube to bo
subjected to freezing and thawing temperatures
and wherein the coupling nut clamps the end
of the tube against a Itting
member
and sur-
rounds the tube with a relalively sight clent-
ance in which molsture may colleet and freeze.
said coupling nut having means for releving
pressure due to the freezing of moisture in the
clearance between the nut and tube, said means
including one or more expansion recesses lead-
ing from sald clearance outwardly to
mosphere.
Regnants as
01-27-5
2.082.165.
* =
GASEOUS DISCHARGE RECTIFIER
James D. Le Van. Belmont, Mass, Basignor to
Raytheon Production
Corporation, Newton,
Mass, a corporation of Delaware
Application October 8, 1932. Serial No. 636.852
Renewed October 30,
8 Claims.
a rain dispatching system of the wayside
ocarol tope, the combination with a large
er of rayside signals located alone the rall-
let sad each controlled by traile condi-
-Hesd. of means for controlling said signals
mary over the same line wires comprising.
1 lE
of relags in the dispatcher's office, a bank
ot sears at each of a plurality of way stations,
tor operating the celays of each bank se-
gues: air in a particular order, and over on un-
interrupted line circult, in such a way that cor-
responding relays of all the bants are operated
arettesoesly and so that corresponding relays
of all backs at all times assume corresponding
Feators, and a piurality of message circuits for
ecartolling said signals closed sequentially
and
each iccluding the same line wire and including
contacts of corresponding relays of the dispateh-
*er's clice bank and a particular way station bank.
2.083.163
SOIL EROSION CONTROLLING APPARATUS
Roy Jeoffroy, Perryton, Tex.
Application June 18, 1936, Serial No. 86,015
1 Claim.
(CI. 55-74)
In a cround working machine, & wheeled frame.
a draft appliance attached to the frame, said
dinit appliance comprising a pair of angle bars
each secured at Its rear end portion to the frame
and extending forwardly from the frame In close
spaced parallel relation to each other, a hitch
member having Its upper end secured to the for-
ward end of the angle bars and between the same,
1. A gaseous
discharge device comprising a
hermetically-sealed envelope containing An lonis-
able ras. a glow discharge cathode of extended
area and an anode, snid electrodes being adapted
to support an jonizing discharge through sald
