{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-17T14:45:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8441078, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125379-cejka-misc-pages-and-articles-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "99f005f6ebf52770683d3e524eeb49707152eb9a52c9f1000297daba916ba7c2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2377, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GREY'S CAPACITIVE-DISCHARGE ELECTRIC AUTOMOBILE ENGINE
Edwin Grey of Van Nuys, California has been one of the most
publicized and successful "free energy" researchers. Grey's company,
EvGrey Enterprises has been able to develop an electric automobile
engine that uses conventional automotive lead acid batteries, In a
typical case the four batteries have the normal life expectancy
associated with batteries as normally used in conventional auto and
they never need recharging. The prototypes were developed to a high
level by 1973 and Grey was granted a patent (reproduced in this
book) in 1975, He even received a special commendation from President
Ronald Reagan , While Reagan was governor of California.
Unfortunately, EvGrey Enterprises has become embroiled in a
controversy with the SEC, which is unrelated to the engine itself.
This has all but halted development of the engine.
This electric auto engine at first appears to violate the law of
conservation of energy. However, Grey's engine violates no laws of
physics (as the patent clearly reveals). On the contrary, it utilizes
the relationships between electricity, magenetism, and physical
motion in a unique manner. The block diagram shown below, (as well
as the one which appears in the patent itself) shows how the motor
functions.
Power from the batteries is stepped up to high voltage levels,
Current from the high voltage section is put through a pulsator
circuit which produces high voltage energy spikes. These spikes are
conducted to a control unit, which operates the main motor. The
control unit functions in a manner much like that of a distributor
in a conventional internal combustion engine. It regulates the
energy spikes, determines their polarity and directs them to the
proper electromagnets in the proper sequence. While this is occuring,
the regeneration system is recharging the batteries with 60-120 amp
pulses. The electromagnets referred to above are located on both
the rotor and the stator of the large motor. Attraction and repulsion
between the two sets of magnets causes the motor to operate and gene-
rate horsepower. Once in motion the engine continuously recharges
the batteries using the regeneration system.
The engine creates electricity and recycles energy by the factor
that every time magnets are energized off the peak of transsients,
a charge goes back into the batteries.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1660, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One example of this is hydroelectric power. It starts out as
nuclear fusion in the sun. The heat from this process evaporates
water, which falls back to earth at a higher gravitational potential
(higher elevation). Man learned to tap into this "Free Energy", system
by damming streams and employing turbines to turn generators.
Similarly, the novel free energy systems discussed in this book
tap into an energy source of high potential and extract usable energy
in the form of mechanical or electromagnetic energy.
Man has learned to effectively utilize electromagnetic energy.
However, this is only one of the four distinct forces found in nature.
1) Gravitation
2) Electromagnetism
3) Weak Nuclear Force
4) Strong Nuclear Force
At the time of his death, Albert Einstein was working on a
Unified Field Theory, which would link these four forces together and
define them as merely different manefestations of the same underlying
causal mechanism.
This Unifled Field concept 1s significant because, while man is
able to effectively use only electromagnetism, the great free energy
in the universe is likely to be gravitational in nature.
The issues involved in explaining these free energy systems include
inconsistances between quantum mechanics, classical electrodynamics,
General Relativity theory, and the Unifled Field Theory. Until we
have much more experimental evidence, it wil1 be impossible to tackle
these problems, theoretically.
Fortunately, this book is concerned only with examining the avail-
able free energy systems and presenting some of the proposed theories
associated with them. As a result you will find very little theoretical
analysis.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 634, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This constitutes a very simple means of generating electricity
for home or automotive use as well as large-scale industrial applications
Since the author has not actually constructed a working model, it
is impossible to state absolutely that these results can be achieved.
It is suggested that all individuals interested in constructing
an Ecklin Stationary Armature Generator contact Mr. Ecklin at the
following address:
John W. Ecklin
6143K Edsall Road
Alexandria, VA 22304
NOTE: Be Courteous!
Please include a SASE if you desire general information. It is
suggested that you enclose at least $10.00, if you ask specific questions.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 2339, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent 119)
Gray
154) PULSED CAPACITOR DISCHARGE
ELECTRIC ENGINE
[75| Inventor: Edwin V. Gray. Northridge, Calif
1731 Assignee: Evgray Enterprises, Inc., Van Nuys.
Calif
1221 Filed:
Now. 2. 1973
121] Appl. No.: 412,415
1521 U.S. CI.
- 318/139: 318/254; 318/439;
310/46
151]
Int. Cl.
158] Field of Search
.. H02p 5/00
. 310/46. 5. 6: 318/194.
318/439, 254, 139; 320/1: 307/110
156]
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
2.085.70K
2,X0X1,019
3.579.074
1.619,638
6/1937 Spencer..
7/1957 Brunt....
3/1971 Roberts
11/1971 Phinney..
... 318/144
•. 318/194
...... 320/1
.. 307/110
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
Frungel. Might Sped Pulse Technulogy, Academic
Press Inc., 1965. pp. 140-14K.
Primery Examiner-Robert K. Schaefer
Assistant Examiner-John J. Feldhaus
Atturnev, Agent, or Firm-Gerald L. Price
3,890,548
145) June 17, 1975
(57]
ABSTRACT
There is disclosed herein an electric machine or en-
gine in which a rotor cage having an array of electro.
magnets is rotatable in an array of clectromagnets. or
fixed electromagnets are juxtaposed against movable
enes. The coils of the electromagnets are connected in
the discharge path of capacitors charged to relatively
high voltage and discharged through the electromag-
nelic coils when selected rotor and stator elements are
in alignment, or when the fixed electrumagnets and
movable electromagnets are juxtaposed. The dis.
charge occurs across spark gaps disclosed in alignment
with respect to the desired juxtaposition of the se-
lected movable and stationary electromagnets. The ca-
pacitor discharges occur simultaneously through juxta.
posed stationary movahle electromagnets wound so
that their respective cores are in magnetic repulsinn
polarity, thus resulting in the forced mation of mov.
able electromagnetic elements away from the juxta.
posed stationary electromagnetic elements at the dis.
charge, thereby achieving motion. In an engine, the
discharges occur successively across selected ones of
the gaps to maintain continuous rotation. Cupacitors
are recharged between successive alignment positions
of particular rotor and stator electromagnets of the
engine.
18 Claims, 19 Drawing Figures
Berreeus
SurreN
92
PuLsenses
36
Samarias
12м
85
Ка
Sheroe
Senery
DISCHARGI
38.
Corderere
As 21,22
НАвиТТІС
RANG SOmE
37
• 91
MASHEIT
44
Remer
Maswers
+ 45
BANES
MAGNETS
CONTACL
(SAMM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1059, "chars": 6778, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,890,548
1
2
PULSED CAPACITOR DISCHARGE ELECTRIC
mature or rotating portion of the motor is proportional
ENGINE
to the magnetic flux in the stationary field and to the
armature current.
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION.
In direct current motors the field is created by cur-
1. Field of the Invention
5
rent through two or more field coils disposed in oppos
There is no known engine or motor operated on the
ing magnetic relationship in the motor casing. while
principle of the present invention. that a capacitor
current through a rotatable armature positioned in the
charged to a relatively high voltage from a low-voltage
field is alternatingly reversed in polarity to provide con-
d-c source is discharged across a spark gap to provide
tinuous motion. The polarity reversing mechanism is a
current through motor drive coils in the discharge path, 10 commutator. Some d-c motors have their field windings
these heing solenoids which generate motion by mag.
electrically in parallel with the rotor armature winding
netic repulsion of juxtaposed pairs of cores. The soic-
and are called "shunt-wound" motors. Other d-e mo-
newds are preferably configured in motor and stator as.
tors have field and armature windings connected in se-
semblies to effect motion of the rotor element with re-
ries. In both series and shunt motors commutators are
spect to the stator.
15 used for reversing the magnetic polarity of the arma-
The present invention utilizes this principle to pro-
ture to maintain rotation within the field.
vide a rotary motion machine or engine which can de-
A third type of d-c motor utilizes a permanent mag-
velop considerable torque through the magnetic repul-
net field so that the operating current passes only
sion action of rotor and stator cores wound with coils
through the armature winding. Such motors also use
through which capacitors are discharged synchro- 20 polarity reversing commutators to maintain direction
nously with the positioning of the rotor coils opposite
of rotation. Reversal of direction of motion is effected
particular stator coils. Similarly. a linear action can be
by reversing the polarity of applied d-c potential.
achieved with a stationary electromagnet juxtaposed
against a movable electromagnet and the movable elec-
fachegnet can perform work with a tood or piston at. as Cally by de
Control of speed of d-c motors is accomplished basi-
cally by decrease or increase of magnetic field flux or
tromagnet can perform work with a tool or piston at. 25 the current through the armature. Either or both of
these effects can be accomplished by raising or lower.
A novel control mechanism is associated with the
ing the applied potential. In shunt motors, a series resis.
rotor is the engine to position discharge elements ap-
tance may be varied to produce speed changes. In a
propriately to create the desired discharge through the
permanent magnet motor or series motor, speed varia-
electromagnet coils when the juxtaposed rotor and sta. 30
tion is best accumplished by voltage variation with a
tor electromagnets are in alignment. The electromag-
variable resistance in series with the motor d-c supply.
nets in the stator and rotor are so arranged that the
In alternating current motors, as is well known, a ro-
control mechanism can advance or retard the discharge
tating magnetic field is created in the stator, and the
points relative to rotor-stator positions for control of
rotor may be wound with as many poles as there are in
rotational speed.
35
the stator, with terminals connected with slip rings, or
The discharge overshoot or back e.m.f. from the col-
the rotor may consist of solid bars shorted by rings on
lapsing fields in the coils from the capacitor discharge
each end to form a "squirrel cage" configuration. The
is used to energize external batteries for conservation
speed of an a-c motor depends on the frequency of the
of power. The recovered energy thus stored may be
applied arc energy, if the motor is synchronous.
used to operate equipment associated with the engine
"Universal" motors are operable on either a-c or d-c
or motive force producing device.
energy.
The engine or rotary electric machine of the inven-
In stepping motors, a rotor is moved from one pole
tion is believed to operate on the principle of conserva-
to the next adjacent pole with each application of cur.
ion of energy. in that once rotation is achieved, cur, a rent, the rotor remaining at that position until a next
ent is needed only at the instant of a capacitor dis-
charge in order to advance the rotor. The rotor moves
application of current. This is accomplished by switch.
ing the current on and off or by pulsing the current. Et-
to the next discharge point on the inertia of the repul-
amples of stepping motors are described in U.S. Pat.
sion action. The capacitor is recharged during the in.
No. 3,467,902 to Shimizu, et al., U.S. Pat. No.
terval and stores the energy until discharge at the next
3.462.667 to Jackson, and U.S. Pat. No. 3.599,069 to
rotor-stator coil coincidence. Thus, the new engine
30 Welch.
produces torque and stores the excess energy for subse.
Operation of the a-c and -c motors described above
quent use.
involves the consumption of substantial electric cur-
In a linear motion device according to the invention,
rent. These motors can generate electric current when
only a single pulse discharge is needed to perform s driven externally by a mechanical force. External en-
work.
ergy to rotate the generator rotors can be provided by
The applications of the engine include use as an elec.
hydroelectric and steam sources or by other electric
tric automotive engine which is economical and which
motors. In some of these systems, a d-c motor source
can regencrate a part of the energy consumed to pro-
drives an a-c generator for conversion of d-c energy to
vide power for other loads in the automotive electric
vehicle. As a linear actuator an economical use of 50 -c energy or a de motor may drive a doc generator
which delivers a higher voltage than the source.
power is possible because each stroke will result from
An extensive prior art search by the applicant uncov-
a single discharge pulse of a capacitor through a coil.
ered no capacitor-discharge-operated motor resem-
2. Prior Art
bling that of the present invention. All motors of the
Heretofore, electric engines or motors have operated os patents located in the search employed direct electrical
on the principle that a conductor carrying a current in
connection between coils and electric power sources.
a magnetic field tends to move perpendicularly to that
Where selective switching i involved, semiconductor
field; the electromagnetic torque developed by an ar-
devices are employed, such as silicon-controlled rectifi-

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1809, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HENDERSHOT GENERATOR
Lester Hendershot first gained recognition for his work with
free energy during the late 1920's. Hendershot had succeeded in
building a relatively simple mechanism for extracting electrical
energy from the environment.
Unfortunately, Lester Hendershot was primarily an intuitive
tinkere: rather than a serious scientist. As a result, he was unable
to provide a satisfactory scientific explaination. The lack of
an acceptable theoretical explaination and widespread duplication of
Hendershot's work have prevented its development beyond the crude
protypes built between 1925 and 1961.
The construction specifications reproduced below are from a
July, 1962 magazine article by Ed Skilling. Mr. Skilling had the op-
portunity to work with Hendershot and a third party who had received
his doctorate from Columbia University. Skilling claims to have as-
sisted Hendershot in reconstructing his device and using it to produce
300-watts of AC electricity. These experiments were performed in 1958.
According to Skilling, Hendershot believed that his device was
tapping a magnetic force field. However, tests of the Hendershot
Generator in high intensity magnetic fields did not support this
hypothesis.
Both Skilling and this author believe that Hendershot was tapping
the same force as Dr. T. Henry Moray. The net result was the same:
energy coming from the environment with no conventional explaination.
There are three fundamental differences:
1) Moray achieved higher experimental energy outputs
2) Hendershot freely revealed his invention (Moray was secretive)
3) Hendershot's invention was far simpler in design
For a more complete explaination of the Moray Radiant Energy Phenomenon
Please refer to the section of this book regarding Dr. Moray's work
and his book The Sea of Energy.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2314, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Two additional capacitors are required for Cl and C2. The
handwound capacitor used in center of the basket weave coils are
also made from Pyramids TM 58. Coils A & B are identical in
construction so only one will be described. The coil is cylindrical,
5 15/16 in. diameter, (See Fig. 2) It is wound like a basket around
fifty-seven 1/8 in. diameter wood dowel pins three inches long. The
dowel pins are even spaced on the circumference of the circle. All
coils are wound in the same direction, weaving in and out between
dowel pins mounted in the same type base to hold them rigid.
Starting at the base, 12 is 64 turns of No. 24 gauge copper
enamel on Formvar wire close wound. L3 & L4 is Belden thermoplastic
hookup wire No. 20 gauge, a 25 foot spool is required for each coil
L3 and L4. 25 feet will end up with 24 turns wound in the same fashion
as I2, close wound. Hendershot always used L3 yellow and I4 red for
easy identification.
Ll is made from No. 28 guage copper enamel coated or Formvar
magnet wire. 14 turns close wound over the outside diameter of L2
in the center of L2. Plastic electrical tape is wrapped around Ll to
form a smooth surface for winding, after winding the 14 turns, wrap
additional tape to hold L1 in place.
The Capacitors C1 & C2 are the most difficult to build and are
the critical key item to success or failure in producing results. The
foil from two capacitors, Pyramid electrolytic TM 58, must be removed
from the can that encloses the foil by cutting the top or bottom
off with a hack saw or other cutting device. The coiled foil 1s re-
moved from two capacitors and spread out on a flat table. A TM 58
capacitor should measure, including foil and paper, 91 1/B in long
and 2 3/4 in. wide. Wipe off excess electrolytic solution so that
it is dry. One side of the paper holding the foil will be full length,
the opposite side will be split with terminal connections appearing
at each end of the split portion. The capacitors that were used in the
early experiments had a gap between the split foil of 3/4 of an inch.
Prepare two cylinders of metal with dimensions of 5 1/4 in. in
diameter by 2 3/4 inches wide. A stainless steel sheet metal .032
thick was used in Hendershot's cylinders, open at both ends. Before
wrapping begins, insulate the cylinders with pure kraft paper.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 240, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C1
A
L4
EL3
80MFD
1
267%
>40
EMFD
L2
SCHEMATIC FIGURE 1
wwww.
OUTPUT
T2
LeRo
5:
C5
C6
CH1
CH2
IRON
BAR
PERMANENT MAGNET
FIGURE 2
BASKET WEAVE
COIL
• 5
16
LI
57 Dovel Pina
1/8" dia.
B
C2
L4
L3
Le00
FIGURE 3
C1
Stainlear Steel
71-1-20
Dowels

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2462, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
you are qualified by virtue of a background in physics or engineering,
you are encouraged to write for an application. Each' consultant will
be leased a complete set of Dr. Moray's notes and diagrams aș well as
any surviving proprietary equipment.
The best description of the way in which the Radiant Energy Device
operated is found in the Sea of Energy. an expanded version of DI.
Moray's original 1930 book on the subject, This book is available
from The Cosray Research Intitute or Research & Development.
DI. Moray Once Described the operation of his device as follows:
"Oscilliations by synchronization are started in the first stage
(see diagram) of the circuit of the device by exciting it with an
external power soarce such as a potential difference between two
points. The circuit is then balanced through synchronization until
the oscillations are sustained by harmonic coupling with the energies
of the universe. The reinforcing action of the harmonic coupling
increases the amplitude of the oscillations until the peak pulses
spill over into the next stage through special valves which then
prevent the energy fron the preceding section from returning. These
oscillating pulsations drive each succeeding stage which oscillates
at a controled frequency and which again are reinforced by harmonic
coupling with the ever-presentenergies of the cosmos. That is, the
first stage drives a second stage, the second stage drives a third
stage and so on. Additional stages are coupled until a suitable
power level and a usable frequency, voltage, and amperage is obtained
by means of special resonant oscillators. Once the device is in opera-
tion and delivering energy, it does not require the continuance of
the original excitation induced by the difference in potential be-
tween two points to maintain the oscillations. The oscillations are
sustained as long as the device remains properly synchronized and the
external circuit is completed through a suitable load."
Using a device operating as described above, Dr. Moray was able
to conduct numerous public demonstrations. On no occasion was any
layman or expert able to detect any fraud.
As demonstrated, the Radiant Energy Device possessed the following
characteristics:
1) A spark equivalent to 225,000 volts could be drawn between the
primary terminals of the device.
2) The Radiant Energy Device could operate unimpaired at a distance
of over 50 miles from the nearest power lines or radio stations

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1598, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE COLER ENERGY MACHINES
During the period from 1926 to 1945, a German researcher named
Hans Coler worked on two devices by which electrical energy was
generated without a chemical or mechanical source of power. This
work fell into the hands of British Milatary Intelligence after
World War II.
The resulting classified report was written in 1946 and declass-
ified in 1962. The largest portion of this report is reproduced
below.
BRITISH INTELLIGENCE OBJECTIVES SUB-COMMITTEE
The Invention of Hans Coler relating to an alleged new source
of power.
OBJECT OF VISIT AND SUMMARY
Coler is the inventor of two devices by which it is alleged
electrical energy may be derived without a chemical or mechanical
source of power. Since an official interest was taken in his in-
ventions by the German Admiralty it was felt that investigation was
warranted, although normally it would be considered that such a
claim could only be fraudulent.
Accordingly Coler was visited and interrogated. He proved to
be co-operative and willing to disclose all details of his devices,
and consented to build up and put into operation a small model of the
so "Magnetotromapparat" using material supplied to him by us, and
working only in our presence. With this device, consisting only of
permanent magnets, copper coils, and condensers in a static arrange-
ment he showed that he could obtain a tension of 450 millivolts for
a period of some hours: and in a repetition of the experiment the
next day 60 millivolts was recorded for a short period. The apparatus
has been brough back and is now being further investigated.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 2184, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ported that the device apparently worked, and that they could detect
no fraud. One model is said to have worked for 3 months locked in
a room in the Norwegian Legation in Berlin in 1933. No further work
appears to have been done on this system since that date.
The "stromerzeuger"
This device consists of an arrangement of magnets, flat coils,
and copper plates, with a primary circuit energized by a small dry
battery. The output from the secondary was used to light a bank of
lamps and was claimed to be many times the original input, and to
continue indefinitely. Details of the circuit, and a theory as to
its mode of operation were given (summarized in Appendix I) .
In 1925 Coler showed a small (10-watt) version to Prof. Kloss
(Berlin), who asked the Government to give it a thorough investiga-
tion, but this was refused, as was also a patent, on the grounds that
it was a"perpetual motion machine". This version was also seen by
Profs, Schumann (Munich), Bragetad (Trondheim) and Knudsen (Copenhagen) .
Reports by Kloss and Schumann are translated in Appendices II and III.
In 1933 Coler and von Unruh made up a slightly larger model with
an 'output of 70 Watts. This was demonstrated to Dr. F. Modersohn,
who obtained from Schuman and Kloss confirmation of their tests in
1926. Modersohn then consented to back the invention, and formed a
company (Coler G.M.B.H.) to continue the development. At the same
time a Norwegian group had been giving financial support of Coler, and
these two groups clashed. Modersohn's connection with Rheinmetall
Borsig, and hence with the official Hermann Goering combine gave him
an advantage in this. Coler then in 1937 built for the Company a
larger version with an output of six kilowatts.
In 1943 Modersohn brought the device to the attention of the
Research Department of the O.K.M. The investigation was placed
under the direction of Goerbaurnt Seyson, who sent Dr. H. Frolich
to work with Coler from 1.4.43 to 25.9.43. Frolich was convinced
of the reality of the phenomena, and set about investigating the
fundamentals of the device. He apparently concentrated on a study
of the energy changes which occur on the opening and closing of

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2005, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
inductive circuits. At the end of the period he was transferred to
B.M.W. to work on aerodynamic problems and is now working in Moscow.
In 1944 a contract was arranged by the O.K.M. with Continental
Metall A.G. for further development, but this was never carried out
owing to the state of the country. In 1945 the apparatus was destroy-
ed by a bomb, in Kolborg, whetber Coler had evacuated. Since that
time Coler has been employed, sometimes as an engineer and sometimes
as a labourer, Modersohn had severed his connection with Rheinmetall
Borsig, of which he had been a director, and was working for the
Russian authorities as a consultant in chemical engineering.
Modersohn was questioned about the history of these devices, with
which he had been concerned financially, and corroborated the details
given by Coler. He stated that he had at first disbelieved Coler's
claims, but had taken great precautions to eliminate fraud. He had
seen the 70 Watt "Stromerzeuger" working on a number of occasions,
and had taken it while working from room to room. All parts were
visible and nothing was hidden. As he was himself not expert he had
tried to get experts to examine it thoroughtly, but reputable
scientist either refused to have anything to do with it at all, or
they were more concerned to find a fraud than to see how it worked.
The exception was Dr. Frohlich, who was convinced of the reality of
the effect, and who also believed that the answer was to be found
in an analysis of the energy changes in the special inductive circuit
used. He had made experiments to test his ideas, but Modersohn denied
knowledge of the results. Modersohn was extremely methodical, and
showed his files on the subject: these contained copies of all letters
and reports concerning the device, since 1933.
Construction and Testing of the "Magnetstromapparat"
In our presence and with material supplied by us (some brought
from England and the rest bought locally) Coler built an apparatus
as shown in Figs. 1,2, and 3.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 981, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX I
Summary account of the "Stromerzeuger"
The basic principle in that an electron is to be regarded
not only as a negatively charged particle but also as a South
Magnetic Pole.
The basic element is that of an open secondary circuit, capacity
loaded, inductively coupled to a primary circuit. The novel feature
is that the capacities are connected to the secondary core through
permanent magnets, as shown:
2130201
L.
It is claimed that, on switching on the primary circuit, "separation
of charges" takes place, i.e. M1 becomes + valy charged and M2 - vely
charged, and that these charges are "magnetically polarised" when
they are formed, owing to the presence of the magnets. On switching
off the primary circuit a "reversing current" flows in the secondary,
but the magnets "do not exert a polarising effect on this reversal".
Two of these basic elements are now placed together making a
double system or stage with the plates close together in parallel
planes as shown:
