{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T05:25:27Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3418969, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125308-cejka-energy-level-interpretation-of-cancer.pdf", "source_sha256": "000008e3f15d8529ad2cd8f28d7b417f28a3b2d10f2435c35a93efe4242be739"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 467, "chars": 3275, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
430
Ayabir Ohmer
Tyrone Zoltan Denessy's
CHO CH
The Energy Level
Interpretation of Cancer
N
By
Ralph L. Williams
Henry J. Nagorka
Traumatic cancer is caused by sustained ir-
ritants such as pollutants, smoking, excessive sunburn, X-rays,
food preservatives and additives as well as dusty occupations,
lo name a few.
Traunatic cancer, correcily identified since the
19th Century by Rudolph Virchow as a rudimentary type of disorder,
may therefore be treated effectively on the cellular level, pro-
vided that not more than one-third of the protein tissue has been
Polane ICT Numbre 5
139
destroyed.
In the diagnosis and treatment of mammatie cancer,
present day experimenlations are correct and at times very in-
pressive.
The olher type of cancer is termed non-traumatie which
is terminal and may be aggravated br surgical intervention. This
type of cancer may now be referred lo as a stress disorder, and
afflicts only homo sapiens.
The human being is the only living
organism which possesses Delta brain waves, the unique mental
characteristics.
at both conscious and sabconscious levels,
which are controlled by a delta-electron bond. These deita brain
waves and the delta-electron bond are the prerequisites for human
vulnerability to various emotionally inducedenergy level disorders.
These non-traumatic disorders not only include cancer, but also
osteosarcoma,
diabeles, cystic fibrosis, leukemia. Hodgkin's
disease, Parkinsonism, muscular dystrophy, myasthenia gravis,
psychosis, gout, senility, Denessy Syndrome and battle fatigue.
Experimentations with other organisms than the human will only
produce cellular level disorders without chromosomal or genetic
damage regardless of extemally imposed physical agitations.
One need not be a scientist to compare the human organism
to a well organized plumbing system. The human being is also a
magnificently organized electromagnetic clockwork possessing a
Superb arrangement of liquid mineral crystals.
This conclusion
entails tremendous theoretical complications and involves consid-
erable mastery of the sciences.
At elementary cellular level Studies,
life is either chemical chance or antichance.
Yet it is the most
mysterious and unexplainable property in matter. By an incredible
inspiration, Kepler visualized that the celestial machine is not a
creation on the order of a divine organism, but rather * something
like a clockwork wherein a single weight drives all the gears."
Newton with his formulation of the Laws of Gravity supplied the
"single weight." In these simplied mechanics, the celestial
clocks would chime in perfect order, even though the Microcosm
was an alien fixture with the Macrocosm. Newton's concept of
celestial mechanics was rendered obsolele by the discovery of
electromagnetism.
The understanding of this supreme force has
established, in general terms, the inter-relationship of the micro-
cosm and the macrocosm and it makes comprehensible the meshing
of these two entities to form a single organic unit.
In the 19th
century, Pasteur's insight into the micro-reality of crystals laid
the foundation for the criteria of present day biochemistry. Today,
the Energy Level investigations by Denessy of torque converting
liquid crystals initiates the super-science of the 21st century and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 716, "chars": 5034, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bays Chorar
begins the resolution of 20th century stress disorders. For the
first time in the history of science, the concept of the Zing Intrin-
sic Factor correlates the four human blood types to their reciprocal
mineral isolypes.
Thus, for the first line, science inter-relates
inanimale minerals with living organisms at Energy Level.
The ancient chasm between the animate and the innimale
I! is a chemical bond and it has an affinity to the Adelite-Des-
cloizile Group of minerals. in terms of crystal morphology these
minerals have been assigned by nature to function as smitches or
values on the atomic or energy level. They control metabolic
activity through changes in electromagnetic balances within the
minerals' own crystal structures.
netic braces wein the
This anti-parallel balancing
action, forming a dynamic electromagnetic equilibriom within a
crystal lattice distortion tolerance) has been termed the Delta-
electron bond.
The integrity of the Delta-clectron bond may exist
only within given limits of electromagnctic tensions and angular
rotations: On the other hand, the optical rotation of amino acids
or carbohydrates (Levo-rotatory) and the steroids (dextro-rotatory)
is perfectly synchronized and meshed within the anti-parallel
dynamism of a specific torque converting liquid crystal. At present
only zinc, copper and calcium have been deciphered, however
criteria has now been established for the elucidation of the un-
known remaining torque converting liquid crystals in the Denessy-
Mosely Scale of Electrorestrictive Equilibrium.
HENRY MOSELEY LAW
(1913)
ellion Fessence
Gol
Ordhongceohl (fo co N1)
USING DIFFERENT ELEMENTS A5 ANTI-CATHODES MOSELEY PLOTTEO
THE
SQUANC
OF THEIR CHARACTERISTIC
X•RAY FRECUENGIES
AGAINST THE POSITION NUMOR I. OF THE
NOSELEY
OBTAINED
ELEMENTS.
A SERIES OF SETS OF STRAIGHT LINES CON-
VERGING TOWARO THE ORIGIN MOSELEY DIAGRAMS) ONE SET
FOR THE
A SERIES, ONE FOR THE L SERIES, M SERIES, ETC.
THE
RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN
THE
THUS, DEMONSTRATING
CHARACTERISTIC MINAVE SMITTEO
BY AN ELEMENT AND ITS ATOMIC NUMBER IZI
THIS MAS IOENTIFIED BY
ALPHA
PARTICLE
EXTENSION
OF
SCATTERING - LORD
THE
BOHR'S
THEORY
OF
RUTHERFONO
HYDROGEN
AND
BY
AN
ATOMIC SPECTRA,
A5
POSITIVE CHARGE ON THE ATOMIC NUCLEUS MEASURED IN ELEC.
TRONIC UNITS..
1 CRYSTAL LATTICE DISTORTIOH AT MATTER LEVEL
IS A CONCERT DEVELOREO BY OREBIG
WILLSTATTER
AND LINUS PAULING TO DESCRIBE ROUTINE DISTOR-
TIONS WHICH OCCUR NITHIN THE CRYSTAL,
Value AXE Number 5
441
The pincal gland in
the human body is controlled by the torque converting liquid
crystal of calciunt.
Overstimulated by mental stress, the gland
will generate serotonin exceeding the normal level intended by
nature for our prolection. This reaction will cause the delta brain
waves (an independent variable) to change their steady-state fre-
quency and amplitude (spiking) into disordered impulses. These,
in their extremes, may irreversibly degrade the torque converting
liquid crystal, affecting the integrity of the delta-electron bond.
The bond's destruction disintegrates the crystal into an inanimate
pathologic fixture, detectable by x-rays as calcification, referred
to as CaR (The superscript R symbolizes reciprocity to the un-
assimilated calcium mineral). Functions normally controlled by
the destroyed switch are no longer attainable.
The calamity is
further compounded by the collapse of the histamine-epinephrine
allergy-alarm system,
In the case of zinc, which has the highest atomic number of
all torque converting liquid crystals, the resulting unnatural de-
gradation (Znf) interferes not only with the optical rotational
activity of sugars, but specifically with the dextro rotation of the
steroids, (bile acids, choleslerol) and the biogenic amines: sero-
tonin, bufolenin, histamines and with the L-tryptophan metabolism.
Considering
the indestructiblity of matter, Zn® in its perverted
. inanimate role becomes an extremely effective reduction catalyst.
The resultant catalylic dehydrogenation of steroids (perverted
Steroid chemistry) in the master organs of the body into chrysene
(a cancerogenic coal-lar by-product), now becomes extremely dele-
lerious pathologically.
The clockwork of life is balanced or govern-
ed by twenty of these animate or torque converting liquid crystals.
Fortunately only six are of vital importance.
In the dynamic
equilibrium of life the three most crucial and vitally critical are
zinc, copper and calcium, Zl, CuD and CaD, (the superscript D
stands for wave-particle duality as defined by Maxwell-Hertz and
ultimalely clarified by the quantum theory). All animate liquid
crystals are selective mineral
switches for specific organic
functions.
Energy level studies have systematically determined
that because of their foremost piezo-electricity and superconduc-
tivity capabilities, ZnD torque converting liquid crystals:
A.
Are
mandatory for the initiation and propagation of life
from
the firefly
to tho homo sapions (The. Diogenes Effect.
T.Z. Denessy. 1963)
Are in control of steroid chemistry.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 646, "chars": 4406, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
442
d.
Control the sex induced switching
mochanism of the
firefly's bioninescence, as wuff as that of the torparo fish
the electric eet.
Direct
the switching
mechanism, joindy with CoD, for
the flora
*Venus (ly trap'.
f. Control fagain with CaD, the mechanism of the spider's
trap door
- 5:
Direct (ith CaO/ the master switch which aflows por-
sonous plamts
and sakes to utilize the some enzyme for
preying, poisoning and digestion. The sebtle difference being
manifest by the
inversion of electricity potential onergy in
control of a disperse phasel into magnetism (kinetic energy
controffing the fiquid paasol or vice versa, synchronized by
an anti-parallel angular rotation,
Reveal the persistent enigma of color changes in contrac-
fion of huan shefetal muscles (striated at right anglos to
the long axis/.
When contracted, the fightor bands become
dark and the dark bands become fight.
Controt the chalamo-striate complex in the brain of lower
Are the minerals with the minimum mass packing
fraction
number and therefore are the most stable of all known elemens
at nuclear levot in the Periodic System.
M
STEROID
B.
STEROID
The depradation of zno
into
In* by perturbed delta brain waves
caused
logic)
by
an excessive (patho-
production
of
serolonin
(controlled by
a CaD torque con-
verting
liquid
crystall resulls
in
the dehydrogenation of steroids into
chrysene.
This is the criteria for
the
resolution
canrir.
non-traumatic
This elucidation is
solely
der ment
upon the
ZnO)
discovery
of
torque
converting
liquid
CHRYSENE
groundwork for ihis
pioneering
breakthrough was
commercial project
undeciphered
dyestuffs.
These dyes
identified by
the discoverer
as the very nnes investigated. by
Ehrlich al
contury. Upon elaboralion a energy
of the pernicious toxicity in
the Ehrlich preparatives, the toxicity
WES
established
15
the
parallel
Mohane NOT Ver 5
sistance. Consccutive clucidations
of the various electronic structures,
resonance transition (mosomerisno)
of the binary dye system was shown
to be directly related by the veri-
fiable specificity of zinc regulus.
The same results were also expert-
mentally demonstrated for copper
specific thermo-
dynamic equilihrium with minimum
loss of free emerey. (T.Z. Denessy,
Dissortation on Zine Insulin, Day:
ton, Ohio, March 1964)
in the above
commercial project
evident that the problems
of fade resistance and the toxicity
of the Ehrlich
proparatives
one and the some.
Interpretation of
the Periodic Table at quantum mater
evel, in establish an outstanding
experimental
peculiarity revealed
that no discrepancy could be found
neighbors, cadmium and mercury. Re-
cramining
the enigma of zine al
quantum
епетву
level within the
parameters of the Moseley Scale, a
ricar coordinative relationship was
found hetween the two ampholeric
stabilizers, 30Zn and 33AS.
The
minimum
ma55
packing
fraction
number for zine as a foremost co-
ordinative stabilizer on one hand,
and
the extreme
toxicity of the
arsenic-organic preparatives on the
other, yielded a clear-cut analogy.
The
experietnal verification was
confirmed by nuclear physics in
TYRONE Z.
DENESSY, D.5c.h.c.r
Chemical
Consultant, Researcher,
Discoverer ol Zinc Intrinsic Facior.
443
terms of the mass packing fraction
number of arsenic.
From that point
on alonen
was concentrated
renulus,
highly
Active
22witter table of optical re
dion ineither direction. Zine, having
the highest piezo-electric and super
conduclivily capabilities, was de-
Signed by nature as an ideal
switch-
ing
ampholyle
for
Roverning
the
functions of the two pressure-sen-
sitive dyestuffs.
The toxicity of
the organic arsenales was found lo
be the contrasting condition to the
fade resistance of the same Ehrlich
dycs, coordinated by zine regulus.
Further experimental results at
quantuit-energy
theorglically
predictable
coordinating capability of copper
regulus. Final studies in mineralesy
and crystallography established that
in terms of isolypes and iso-
morphism, according in the classifi-
cation of Bilbard Ailscherlich, is a
member of the Adelile-Descloizite
Group jointly with copper and cal-
All three minerals have a
number 4 coordination valence. This,
in turn, proved to have a direct cor-
to the four human blood
This is the prospectus for the
critical importance preordained to
ZnD (Zing torque converting liquid
crystals) as a blaance wheel, salety
valve and shock absorber
clockwork of life.
END OF PART ONE
