{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T19:59:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3889602, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125322-cejka-antigravity-burridge.pdf", "source_sha256": "3cf7718793bd7098243aa7eaedebd5630a7b14157848ba5232d4b24609395aca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 1948, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Telephone: 813.958:0224
Electrodynamic Gravity, Inc.
Septenber 11, 1972
Mr. Gaston Rummidoe
C
Tear Mr. Rurridge:
have just cone up for air after a very busy
whale household after coming home fron our trinammer.
"e moved our
Now that we are
almost settled, I will be
spending a lot more time on this project,
I have a device which 1 will start devising a test for, The device
cost us less than 290 to fabricate.
Now I will have to rent certain
equipment to perform the test.
It is one that Dr. Hooper thought
would prove his theory beyond
doubt.
This is a brief summary of
the continued resercli that I will be doing very soon, just as soon
as it cen be set up.
Also our second patent, the one on the mechanical neneration of a
motional electric field was granted
on April
TOD. The patent
no. is 1656013.
Your exerience with Dr. Frank Pierce is familiar in several respects.
This is a
familiar argument,
regarding the electrons carrying their
magnetic field with then.
It is generally thought that they do not.
However, Dr. Hooper wos not alone
in his belief.
In his book,
Mectrical
ELectromanetism and Relativity, (1957) L, GiCullwick,
Prof. of
Fugineering,
, Iniversity of st.
England, shows by
very convincing arguments that this must he the case. Cn P.
248
states,
"The energy in these fluxes is taken to move wiel the electrer
velocity;..
too have not heard more from N4S4. The last I heard was that they
were to set up a date for me
and they were coina to test it next to their very sensitive gravity
meter.
This was only shortly before we left on our vacation, so
1
did not pursue it further at the time. However, I soon will be in
a position to do so.
I hone this letter will satisfy some of your questions and I will try
to keep in touch with you regarding our progress on further experiments.
Thank you for your continurd interest.
Sincerely,
Frances / Vika
(Irs.) Frances G. Gibson
The heritage of mankind is dominion over all the earth!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3824, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
How Close, Antigravity?
by GASTON BURRIDGE
THE FORCE of gravity has proved
L puzzle riddle-wrapped, conundrum
tied. and enigma-packed. Science has
gained only a few "chips of knowledge"
concerning it. but some of the chips are
diamond-bright. One such produced a
device, called by physicist Dr. William
1. Hooper a force field generator. This
has earmarks of counter-
gravitational action. of creating nn anti-
gravity effect. Two different models are
now before the United States Patent
One is mechanical. the other.
electrical.
The electrical one has no
moring parts! Should these machines
granted patents.
a revolution in
mechanical. electrical. and gravitational
history would begin.
Gravity stands as one of four uni-
versal. fundamental. innate forces-the
only four such known.
These forces
are nuclear. the force binding atomic
nuclei together; ciectromagnetic: the
went interaction of atomic particles, as
in disintegration of radionctive atoms:
and gravity.
vou fall you think
gravity a strong
force. That a free-
Falling object becomes accelerated by
gravity at 38 feet per second spoms fo
confirm it. But it does not. It is puny.
The clectrical force between two elec-
instance.
is ten thousand
billion. billion, billion. billion
stronger than the gravitational force
between them!
electrical force
affects oniy charged, particies while
gravity affects all particles all the time.
And hercin lies the mysterious quality
of gravitational force-our inability to
The
biock it. to insulate against it. So far.
Rosicrucian
man has found no shield against gravity.
Digest
Hence. if Dr. Hooper's devices prove
successful. the news will be sensational.
February
In recent communications. Dr. Hooper
1972
said. "The thrilling thing ahout this
5321
research project is the potentil possibil-
ities it presents, not only for overcoming
that which keeps us down. but for
riding us with free clectric power. Pro-
Sir Isaac Newton (16+2-1727), an
early theorist in gravitational matters.
saw deeply: Albert Einstein. Dr. T. J.
J. Sec (Rosicrucian Digest. August 1961
- "Dr. See Has His Sar"). and W. G.
Carnahan are theorists presenting
markedis differing ideas regarding
gravity and how it works. Dr. See be-
lieved gravity to be a force which puiled
objects. W. G. Carnahan holds gravita-
tion to be a pusiling force. Gravity
empiricists are many. T. Henry Moray.
Brown-Beificld-Brown FE.
fect-and William J. Hooper are fas-
cinating men who have stirred gravity's
broth with a long spoon.
Scientific Background
Where such important matters as
antigravity are involved it seems tell
to look into a proponent's scientific
background.
In Dr. Hooper's case it
proves adequate. He obtained his higher
education. including
his Doctor of
Philosophr degree in playsies. from the
University of California at Berkeley.
Many years after, he taught physice at
Princinia College.
Illinois. be-
coming a full professor. followed by the
Chairmanship of the Department. Dr-
ing these rears he also served as sci-
entific consultant and adviser to indus-
trial and acrospace corporations. After
retirement he became Research Director
of Electrodynamic Gravitr: Inc., Sam-
sota. Florida. Dr. Hooper passed away
suddenir on February 14. 1971.
The scientific foundation upon which
Field Generator
outlined br him at a meeting of the
Particles and Fields Division of Ameri-
can Plirsicai Societies on
August 21.
1969. University of Colorado. Boutkier.
This outline was contained in his paper.
New Horizons in Electric. Magnetic and
Gravitational Field Theory.
In 1948. Mr. Roger W. Babson. noted
economist and avid collector of Isaac
Newton's original manuscripts. formed
The Gravity Research Formintion,
headquartered at New Boston.
Hampshire. The Gravity Research
Foundation does no original research
into gravity or gravitational matters. It

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3494, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
power supply. However. it will operate
on A. C. (alternating current).
The
ipparalus consists of a noninductive
winding of insulated copper wire about
nine inches
formed by winding
the wire back upon itsolf through 180°
packed regularly and closely in enoxy
until it forms a right circular cylindrical
shape.
cylindrical
capacitor
attached
closely around the winding
with about a one-cighth inch air gap
between the plates.
"This allows equal and oppositely
directed currents to flow up and down
the nominductive portion. It produces
equal
and
circumferential magnetic
fields in the capacitor. These two fields
more in opposite directions along the
length of the capacitor with the drift
velocity of the electrons in the winding
The inciticed clectric field is directed
radially inward for cach moving mag-
netic field. (The term 'Bx V' is used
when onc refers to a source which
causes a magnetic flux 'B' to move with
a veiocity
'V"
as would be the case
when the field originates in atoms of
matter.)
Thus. the electric fields in
the gap add. while the magnetic fields
cancel.
"A resulting electric field is initiated.
This ean he mensured be the voltnge set
up in an electrometer connected be-
tween the inner and outer crlinders of
the capacitor. The voltage flows in the
predicted diroction and creates good
agreement with accepted ralues.
"The exciting thing about this field
generator lies in the fact that it throws
its B x V electric field out into the space
around it. This field is not ciectrostatic.
not magnetic. and prores immune to
siticiding! These properties make it a
unique
force
in nature. Ils future
potentialities for usefulness to mankind
can hardly be grasped at this time.
portable means for secret communica-
tion throught an impregnable barrier
makes for only one such possible use!"
Shades of Nikola Tesla!
The tie-in between Hooper's created
field of force. electricity, and magnetism
should he corfully noted. Does such a
relationship also exist in Nature? Are
electromagnetism,
and gravitation in
some war kin? Or has Hooper's arrange-
ment created an entirely new kind of
jorce fieid-an entirely now innate force
reintionship? This last point seems im-
portant. Should Hooper have disenvered
and/or created n new force fiel with
antigravity potential. then
achievement will be douhly magni-
In these days when pollution
has
become a matter of grave importance.
any new system of energy generation
creating no pollution is immediately of
utmost
concern.
As far as known.
Hooner's force field generator will op-
crate as well at sea. in the nir. or on
the ground. Hence. there seems little
in life
which derelopment
of this
apparatus will not affect. Let us hope
research continues so results can sooner
hecome a benefit to all of us.
4
The
Rosicrucian
Digest
February
1972
Rosicrucian
Activities
Around the World
All those who served in the Supreme
Temple throughout the year were hon-
ared by the Imperator. Ralph M. Lewis.
at a dinner on December 10 in Friend-
ship Hall of Calvary Methodist Church
in San Jose. During the
evening
Frater Lewis expressed appreciation for
the services rendered by the members
in various wars. Following the dinner.
those attending enjored the Walt Dis-
ner- film. Yeliowstone Cubs.
At Toronto Lodge. Toronto. Cannda.
a recent dinner held to honor AMORC
members of twenty or more ears in the
Order was followed by a Rosicrucian
Humanitarian Award presentation to
Mr. James Wilton.
a musician.
Wilton has been working with retarded

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1725, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
310-10
FIP8502
SR
OR
3$656•013
United States Patent
Hooper
[54] APPARATUS FOR GENERATING
MOTIONAL ELECTRIC FIELD
[72] Inventor: William J. Hooper, Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
(73] Assignee:
Electrodynamic Gravity, Inc., County o
barasota, Fla
[22] Filed:
Apr. 19, 1968
[21] Appl. No.: 722,587
[52] U.S. CL..
.....310/10
[51]
Int. Cl.…...
......H02k 1/00
158]
Field of Search... 10/10,11, 178, 177, 156,
310/42, 268, 211, 169, 216, 269, 259; 103/1; 55/2,
14, 101, 123, 127, 120; 73/194 EM; 328/233-238
[56]
References Cited
UNITED STATES PATENTS
3,285,179
3,336,489
3,431,441
399,800
460,087
2,066,343
2,558,540
11/1966
Resler, Jr.
8/1967
Volger...
3/1969
Shair..
3/1889
Thomson
9/1891
Hewett
1/1937
Gillen.
6/1951
Clos
....103/1
.310/40
.310/11
310/115
.310/46
.310/46
310/46
[15]
3,656,013
145] Apr. 11, 1972
2,705,762
4/1955
Pile..
3,277,631 10/1966
Sunnen..
3,385,983
5/1968
Bohn et al.
..310/104
....55/3
.310/11
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
Book-Theory and Calculation of Electrical Apparatus by C.
P. Steinmetz; N.Y.- 1917.
Text Book- The Electromagnetic Field in its Engineering
Aspects G. W. Carter- 2nd edition- 1967 pages 168 to 171
incl., 328, 329, 334, 335 and 336
The Feynman Lecture on Physics by Feynman, Leighton and
Sands Addison- Wesley- Publishing Co., New York; pages
17-1 and 17-2
Primary Examiner—D. X. Sliney
Attorney-Oldham & Oldham
157]
ABSTRACT
Apparatus for producing and demonstrating properties of mo-
tional electric fields by means of rotating magnetic flux
produced by a plurality of magnets extending parallel with the
axis of rotation, said flux of these magnets being put into rota-
tion about a common axis by mechanical or by electro mag-
netic means.
6 Claims, 11 Drawing Figures
95
99
72
77
76
ELECTROM

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 12, "chars": 135, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Patented April 11, 1972
3,656,013
4 Shoots-Sheet I
8
+
FIG I
_==I
3
9
6
FIG. 2
INVENTOR:
WILLIAM I, HOOPER
BY Oldhams Oldham
ATTORNEY,

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 476, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Patented April 11,1972 3.6 56,013
| 4 Sheets-Sheet 2

wa
jj

C7 asd

Z9§ BRL qf
Ss 4 30 NZ Za fe Sere see oe oe eae ee ee ee ee RR ee a ae TE eae TN 56
a
NY Ox iC Se a are mean DS
:
A S44 us eet st tn ewe a toa , veins . eM ¥
Reece en PUREE LEME LECERTATET UTEP LATER LETTER TEETER TITY TRE TY TOP ET ES: 4

snebmem ss acon

| | So
| #7 | — Sf !
: a. ee ee

ue SAIS HH GS SSauS SESS meen ba) LENSES Aeeeawen:
(iia —— ,

SS we ZL Ny

wf

ey Iai diag
LIM D>
We co His

faye Se

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1352, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Patented April 11, 1972 3,656,013

4 Sheets-Sheet 3

We

<r eer tt ae, FON. ft ewe r + ae + eee bee weet +? "2"
pe AMAT, Sole Oe ath a SE etl PONTE ek
Fh nth ho tema A athenubate ih —_lenstha Ahh heat

at Bp be de ak ante me
rosy oof ephadent CEST ot 2 nent
Sr Od aa tached F hh uthacherdrmthratiudntanke untendentieth ntradinheankutal +,
6
a

*

ay at a
ba
Py:

Py
at ng
=e!

F Lnduuth he athenth nmhutiaskennteatienteadiurhantmdettantnstentdbadianbune
ak SU so Fees? ? dé ‘ | ure ne nee Af

> eg hf ah Phe Z rs ¢ tek aot
Aires Tew Asis + ite Vale.

ee ee ee ee a ae ee te i

ers?
SAN EAE SEE CAT TAR CCE CUE ERMC REE
a a ee ry

WARE OWES EWES. UEEEREMET REELS
LAMM MEM DEBE BAMA MEM MM ALE MERAH MEER FEED MEBDLEBPA MMM AE HMM
. at VIE Ty ws opi a oF oat PALE Rae ee) Cs a otatnd -'ea od '

* ome rR, : of re . ey t AD

4 a a id +f ha aes
ess hs PLLA AS OV ‘ oe ira D3}
s PO ae ah INS y

ML MIS

rw elas

,

nahenthcsthenbcandanthatkwarhiateateadmahoatuhr thernkembeatsbrihoant ate mtionhde, bantatheack atiihkamtiaartemdanhe dushabast utrmdsntutentaal
“en ‘ wn in ?
Ke Us! ata! 4 af ofa’ Fue o a <> ‘ =" an Det To Ae a A ee ad sr
CES OIE TT RESET Rie PLR SPSS COOL 3h Res AY Dae wT SR Oe De OS

avek

—_.

; =," = ‘i ters SS
EFI LE 227
tA ¢ uy ty tity) em
Vie AW iss EN >>, bit igs ON
Ny ha =“? Le ea? ¢, ty
Wi RS LG *
Die Sai

| mt ()

ts Lit

SP

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 654, "chars": 2950, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Patented April 11, 1972 3,656,013
- 4 Sheets-Sheet 4

SN 5 hh ee eh eh he ASE ES SSS. EE EEE EAREEEEEEEEGEE SER EEERG

4

te ee ES BE dinky ee MD int a hell SE ee ae Se Db ts Says PS Gath ey om: eee ae Prats fre te to oe ey a

Caap An0 On ee ne me od Say A Se We Maes SE YD Met my POO Shen! WN GaP Ss ae ame Gis ES Ge et Se a

ve aia mtd que ay has Wey aha RE SP EE SE eS PD ee Dh le PSY my FO GR tet ge OY es te lt es es
peyote tT at eee . .
eT lee kh ey ke ee — a Ato —— + ie Saw oe

ae et A A ee ee le a le Gh OD mS Oe Sy om a Se Ge ee FS Seki Sem eee oye PF ED ie heal SE GN GD, SS
2 a OD FAD eatin ale AS Mir Neat ee Ay ek cs Sh SH a lei Tle GS at ele Wee es De ey SP le ee ees FP Od ved ei a

Se wipe SE ND ad hime ES eed em OE YS SP they ah Al SS EY aft ney GM ey wa Mil Sty am ath Rds des vas EY doe Eide ems me AD SA les GO
Se ee ae Se ee Oe ae a re ee ee ee ee ne ee ee eae
a aap ER Gh a chy Ge ene GD an Dh a ne, nad le le a OD cl) eT Ries lyme 00S Oe ih el OE ey le 7 oF GOI
ee a Se ae 8 a a oa ee ee nee ee ee eT I ees OG
by ee A RE Ge tee SY Rie re hie Shee eee Sle wT Sq keels SED ei ET Se a AS Sie ee eee NS re re
ee ee ee ee ee eee ee ee ee ee a a a ee ee nae ee mie ak, Qe mn ee at A
Se ee ee cv el a See FEE SM Sigh GA GND Stee GOS OE ets VE wes a eve te OP ee eh ee
FT baieX oy -f. fy
atsfe'e ot ob SYaKe
o Petelte
‘a
*
40,4
“he sheds

cS OF One Orta ON CLOT .
Cam a at ae 8 a a a ae Pee eee a eee ”
WW N Y \j NN
¢ N 4d
\,

:
yt
Py peer ‘ae

, ote oe
Lh SE itt =.

TOO FT CL LLL eC Lhe Lh bhi hdd Lahti ditiaid
t
. .

nN Rh hd khedhdihidedididdididtbddldit@¢giéetcéieada

LMMMILLLLLILULDLA ITU

oe t *e & OFe +4
ah +? tha attr, f Pad “ fe oY
u thie ai y Lh eos PY
7 or | \ *

!

me

, ntti, a Aon te aed At, 4A
es ih a tl es -«* mS =

im

ae
rat”
3

pone aes ; ; oy 4 bef “eet
WALLA L LLL LL LLL LLL

‘ e
: tte
wa ree +
. <‘.e¢
Pei stot)
. oy

* ~
v4

a* "
. .
- ¢
Lo

« Paya . 'e 7%
Cp ht Seg Mier “Se) Rete 20k be hole ale . a4,
—e ‘a! ae ie: wd Sate ateyen: Se Lg Wer Sa eee: ,
= a  — abe cae Oe + nas teen “aan Aah Sehete> SON Ss Wee MN PRAM: aie MMMM mayan anaya wirum wanes cipaoy owt ‘eure agen Sento oven Gaye or

t Tos « ofa ape ton OF Lt time 9) Wa Ore Wu can vers rar ae
ae x:

ey

btnbrg ty TE Ye So ee ee Se ee ee ces ween et on oe et a
om eet © heb wee tee a we one Prebook Rardamheehond tre ae he ee oe
fete et Td bho kk Petholel. leks ld Milt koe tt thks dno kc debt Ti
nm mre at SD Gm ROD nm MY WIND mh ig mat Thin aie Ata GED MR Sieh uD nie OVEE Fale ta SD OE me ou Siete Net de Oe

PIOPATP PILI IPT ODIO PPI ET
yy Ay,

\ 77 6

tf
SII OIL ee LAL eee ake i
. t

TAREE EREER REESE UEC WEEE. SUE ERE EECA aS Was Th ERAT HAG, G, Th Sh OPES,

SIE ELLIS GSSSSS

\

AK
i SN WN we
Na
\

=
HH
SS
8
SS

\
\\
st

Pe
7 CA
of,

~
Ae eat

—
NS

——
os
one

44

—
vaste
os
en
en

ee
eS
—

Se

Ws

—
oS
—_

a

Ce
se
=
as

eh,

te
te
aS

“4 _,

H
f

hi
at
SAN

SA

aoa
Sse!
NS

S

, *
VY; f a PETER ‘e
4 >
«
Sse.
aera
nay

a

ESS

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1320, "chars": 8427, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,656,013
APPARATUS FOR GENERATING MOTIONAL ELECTRIC
the rotor, will be acted upon by a force due to the electric in-
tensity E. Positively charged particles will be forced in the
This invention relates to the generation of motionally in-
direction of the vector E, negatively charged particles will be
duced electric fields as distinct from electrostatic fields, and as
forced in the opposite direction, and electrically neutral
distinct from the electric field (illustrated by transformer ac-
matter will be pulled from the weaker regions of field intensity
tion) which is induced by the time rate of change of magnetic
to the stronger regions. This latter mechanical force is called a
induction. Hence, all reference herein to a motional electric
differential force due to the action of the field on the internal
field means the electric field that is generated by the move-
electrical polarization of the neutral matter.
ment of magnetic flux.
The three vectors E, B, and V are always (with a possible ex-
The motional electric field generated by rotational motion I0 ception) mutually at right angles to each other. If the thumb of
of magnetic flux is non-uniform in both direction and radial in-
the right hand is pointed in the direction of the magnetic flux
tensity. Particles (large or small) of matter (solid, liquid or
density vector B, and then rotated like a right-handed screw so
gaseous which are within the ambit of this motional electric
that it points in the direction of the velocity V of the moving
field are acted upon with a force which tends to accelerate
magnetic flux, then the forefinger of the right hand will point
them. It is well known that a particle carrying a charge Q (cou-
in the direction of the electric vector E. The rotation of the
lombs) in an electric field of intensity E (Newton/coulomb)
composite magnetic flux about its axis produces a motional
will be acted upon by a force F (Newton) given by the equa-
electric field which will, except at the axial ends of the mag-
tion F = EQ. The electric intensity E of a motional electric
netic field, be quite generally directed radially with respect to
field is given by the vector equation E = B X V, where B is the
20 the axis of rotation. The possible exception is the case of a
magnetic flux density at a point in space, expressed in webers
magnet having a homogeneous electrically conductive core of
per square meter, and Vis the velocity of the moving magnetic
perfectly circular cross-section, in which case the force of the
flux at that point in space, expressed in meters per second
electric field may be somewhat off radial.
What is not so well known, however, is the fact that a non-
With a given polar orientation of magnets relative to the
uniform electric field exerts a force upon electrically neutral
matter. In his celebrated text,
"The Mathematical Theory of 25 axis of rotation, rotation of the magnetic field in a clockwise
direction will generate a motionally induced electric field of
Electricity and Magnetism", Sir James H. Jeans describes, in
the case of a non-uniform electrostatic field, how a "slab of
sign (positive or negative) opposite that which is generated
dielectric will be sucked in between the plates of the conden-
when the rotation is counterclockwise. For any given sense of
ser" thus demonstrating the mechanical force produced by
rotation, reversing the polar orientation of the magnets rela-
such a field. He states (P. 125), "This, as will be seen later, is a
30 tive to the axis of rotation likewise reverses the sign (positive
or negative) of the motionally induced electric field.
particular case of a general theorem that any piece of dielec-
tric is acted on by forces which tend to drag it from the weaker
Reversing both the direction of rotation and the polar orienta-
to the stronger parts of an electric field of force." According
tion of the magnets (a situation exemplified by viewing the ap-
paratus first from one axial end, and secondiy from the op-
to Clerk Maxwell in "Electricity and Magnetism" (Vol. Il, p. 35 posite axial end) produces no change in the sign (positive or
181), Faraday discovered that the electric field due to elec-
tromagnetic induction penetrated within and throughout all
negative) of the motionally induced electric field.
materials. The motional electric field is just such a field. Ap-
In the accompanying drawings, three embodiments of the
paratus for demonstrating the "general theorem", stated by
invention are exemplified. Also, there are two model sche-
Jeans, has, in the case of the non-uniform motional electric
matics to illustrate in its simplest form the principle of the in-
field, not heretofore been provided.
vention, in which a plurality of commonplace permanent mag-
Accordingly, it is one of the objects of the present invention
nets are mounted upon a rotor.
The first embodiment is one in which an array of electro
to provide a device for generating a non-uniform motional
electric field whose force is of magnitude such that it can be
magnets is mounted on a rotor having a hollow center,
through which particles of matter can be moved and their
response to the motional electric field perceptibly demon-
Since the motional electric field acts within and throughout
all matter, such a non-uniform field will exert a physical force
on any kind of electrically neutral matter, in a manner quite
Second, there is an embodiment in which electro magnets
analogous to that of the electrostatic field with respect to
are arrayed as in the first embodiment, but are stationary and
dielectric material.
50
their composite magnetic field is rotated electromagnetically
• anothe bie of throm a on is to provide goal alu forg
by phase displacement.
Third, there is an embodiment in which a pair of oppositely
rotating rotors, nested one within the other,
The several objectives of the invention may be accom-
vided, on its circumference, with an array of electro magnets
plished by rotating an elongate magnetic field about an axis 55 oriented as aforesaid on each rotor, but oppositely oriented on
which is concentric with the field and parallel with the field's
the respective rotors, and wherein the effect of the motionally
elongation. For example, an array of magnets may be mounted
induced electric fields can be perceptibly demonstrated by the
on a rotor so that all magnets are parallel with the axis of the
behavior of particles of matter externally of the rotor.
rotor, and all have the same polar orientation relative to the
In the accompanying drawings:
rotor. A solenoidal electro magnet, or another array of mag- 60
FIG. 1 is a diagrammatic view illustrating the effect of rotat-
nets, with magnetic axis concentric with the rotational axis
ing an array of spaced permanent magnets about an axis which
may also be employed to enchance the flux density of the
is parallel with each of the magnets when all magnets have
array of rotating magnets by flux linking with them.
When
corresponding polar orientation;
such an array of magnets is rotated about the axis of the rotor,
PIG. 2 is a diagrammatic view representing a side elevation
the magnetic field of each is rotated with it. As another exam- 65 of the arrangement shown in FIG. 1, and illustrating the exter-
ple, an elongate magnetic field can be rotated about its axis,
nal magnetic flux paths of the several permanent magnets;
without mechanical movement, by the provision of stationary
FIG. 3 is a perspective view of a rotor for generating a radi-
solenoidal electro magnets arrayed like the staves of a barrel
ally directed motional electric field in accordance with one
and connected to a source of multi-phase alternating current
embodiment of the invention, wherein electro magnets are ar-
(half wave rectified to prevent reversal of sign) in a manner 70 rayed within a hollow rotor with axes parallel to that of the ro-
comparable to the stator winding of a three-phase motor to
produce "revolving field. " While the composite magnetic field
FIG. 4 is a sectional view taken along a diametric plane of
's thus in rotary motion, every charged, or uncharged particle
the rotor shown in FIG. 3, together with its cooperating parts;
of matter (solid, liquid, or gaseous) within the non-uniform
FIG. 5 is a sectional view along line 5-5 of FIG. 4, and
motional electric field thus generated in the neighborhood of 75 showing, in addition, driving means for the rotor;

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 1347, "chars": 8758, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,656,013
FIG. 6 is a sectional view taken along a diametric plane of a
that one be increasing at a sufficiently greater rate than the
stationary form of apparatus similar to that shown in FIGS. 3,
other is decreasing so that the product (B × V) increases. In
4, and 5, but wherein the magnetic flux field is rotated elec-
the relationship of field and particle shown in FIG. 1, the
tromagnetically by phase displacement;
product (B X V) increases radially inward.
FIG. 7 is a sectional view taken along line 7-7 of FIG. 6;
For practical purposes, however, commonplace permanent
FIG. 8 is a wiring diagram for the apparatus shown in FIGS.
magnets produce insufficient flux density in their external flux
6 and 7.
paths to impress upon a particle of charged matter such as P,
FIG. 9 is a longitudinal sectional view of an apparatus hav-
an electric force of sufficient magnitude that the force of the
ing a plurality of rotors for generating a B X V electric field;
electric field can be measured with ease, at least at speeds of
FIG. 10 is a sectional view taken along line 10-10 of FIG. 10
rotation within practical limits. Consequently, the practical
9; and
embodiments of the invention, later to be described, make use
FIG. 11 is a diagrammatic illustration of an apparatus for
of electro magnets of a form capable of producing external
exhibiting moving field phenomena.
flux fields of vastly greater flux density B, as well as higher
In FIGS. 1 and 2, the principle of the invention is diagram-
matically illustrated with the utmost simplicity, wherein a
The term "unipolar induction" has been used to indicate
catena of magnetic flux fields, all with the same polar orienta-
the induction of an electric field in the vicinity of an axially
tion, is produced by arranging an array of rod-type permanent
symmetrical magnetic system rotating about its axis of sym-
magnets parallel with each other, and parallel with the axis
metry. There has been disagreement about whether as the
about which they are to be rotated. In FIG. 1, the axis of rota- 20
magnetic system is rotated the lines of magnetic induction are
tion is designated 1, and may be considered as the center of a
carried with it or remain stationary while the magnetic system
shaft of a rotor, preferably composed of material having low, if
rotates through them. For example, when a bar magnet is
any, magnetic permeability, and low, if any, electrical conduc-
rotated about its magnetic axis, it is believed by many that the
tivity. The periphery of such a rotor is designated by the circle
magnetic field is stationary. I have demonstrated that under
2. In the form shown, a series of permanent magnets 3, 4, 5, 6, 25
certain conditions, at least, the magnetic lines can be made to
7, and 8 is appropriately secured to the periphery of the rotor
move, and i have devised certain methods and apparatus for
with the respective magnets in equi-spaced relationship, and
utilizing this phenomena as in the production of localized and
all with their north poles addressed in the same direction
high intensity electric fields.
which, as shown in FIG. 1, is in the direction of the reader or,
Turning now to FIG. 11 of the drawings, an apparatus for
as shown in FIG. 2, to the reader's right. The external flux 30 demonstrating certain magnetic phenomena is illustrated in
fields from the respective permanent magnets 3, 4, 5, and 6
diagrammatic form. A magnetic system, indicated generally
are illustrated in FIG. 2, where it will be observed that the ex-
by numeral 200, includes a pair of permanent magnets 210
ternal flux path of all magnets is from right to left, a relation-
and 220 which are axially magnetized and mounted in axial
ship designated by the plus (†) marks in FIG. 1. With such an
alignment between the ends of a U-shaped yoke 230 of highly
arrangement, the flux fields of all magnets may be concur- 35
permeable magnetic material. The adjacent surfaces of mag-
rently rotated about axis 1. Considering the rotation to be in
nets 210 and 220 being of opposed polarity are spaced apart,
the direction of arrows 9 and the polar orientation of the
providing an air gap 240 therebetween. The lines of magnetic
several permanent magnets to be as illustrated, a B X V mo-
flux are shown in the drawing and indicated generally by nu-
tional electric field will be generated both externally and inter-
meral 262. A brass rod 250 extends axially through magnets
nally of rotor periphery 2 upon rotation of the rotor. The thus 40
210 and 220. The magnetic system 200 is rotatable about rod
generated motional electric field will exert a radially directed
250. A stiff conductor 260 is electrically connected by a collar
force upon every particle of matter, neutral or charged, such
261 at one end in rotatable or fixed relation as selectively
as particle P, which is within the ambit of the catena of mag-
desired, with the brass rod 250 at a point in the gap 240
netic flux fields. The magnitude of the so impressed electric
between magnets 210 and 220. The other end of conductor
field intensity will depend upon the magnetic flux concentra-
260 extends substantially perpendicularly from rod 250 to a
tion at the particle P and the relative velocity between the flux
distance in space away from the magnets and yoke where the
field and particle P. While, if particle P is in motion, its
magnetic field falls to approximately zero intensity. In order to
velocity must be considered in arriving at the relative velocity
complete an electrical circuit through galvanometer 270 and
V (in the formula E = B X V) the disclosure will be simplified
conductor 280 to the brass rod 250 and conductor 260, a flex-
if the particie P be considered as stationary, and in such event
ible and extensible electrical wire 264 connects the end of
V will be 2 R times S, where R is the radial displacement of
conductor 260 to the galvanometer 270. A gear 252 locked al-
particle P from axis 1, and where S is the revolutions per unit
ternatively by set screw 254 to rod 250 or by set screw 256 to
of time made by the rotor. Hence, with the particle P stationa-
yoke 230 can serve to provide driving motion to either the rod
ry, the magnitude of the force impressed upon it is increased
250 or YOKE 230 as selectively desired. Normally, for the
when the speed of rotation of the rotor is increased at a given
purposes of the experiment, the driving motion
flux density; and is increased by an increase in the flux density
reciprocal because of the connection of wires 280 and 264.
at a given speed of rotation. The direction in which the force
With this apparatus, if the magnetic system 200 is held fixed
of the motionally induced electric field acts upon particle P is
and a given angular displacement imparted to conductor 260
always perpendicular to the magnetic flux fiela B and to its
by rotating it horizontally about or with rod 250 through the
velocity V. The sign of the electric force field may be either
air gap at a given angular speed, a voltage is induced which
positive (acting radially outward from the axis of rotation) or
provides a deflection of galvanometer
270. Furthermore,
negative (acting radially inward toward the axis of rotation),
when the conductor 260 is held fixed and the magnetic system
which, for any given polar orientation of the permanent mag-
200 rotated through the same angular displacement about rod
nets, may be reversed by reversing the direction of rotation of 65 250, at the same given angular speed, a similar voltage of ex-
the rotor. With the polar orientation shown in FIGS. 1 and 2,
actly the same magnitude but opposite direction is induced in
and the direction of rotation indicated by arrow 9, if particle P
the galvanometer circuit. The same deflection is obtained
is a proton or a positively charged molecule, the force of the B
whether or not the magnets 210 and 220 rotate with the yoke
XV electric field will be radially inward as indicated by the
230 or are held stationary while the yoke alone is rotated. This
solid line arrow attached to particle P; but if particle P is an 70 indicates clearly that the lines of magnetic induction in the
electron or a negatively charged molecule, the particle will
quantity rotate about the axis of rotation 250 as if they were
tend to move radially outward as shown by the broken line ar-
rigidly attached to the magnetic system 200.
row; and if the particle P is electrically neutral, it will tend to
A most important aspect of the operation of the apparatus
move in the direction of increasing electrical intensity E. In-
of FIG. 11 is noted when the magnets 210 and 220 are held
crease of E requires either that both B and V be increasing or 75 fixed in relation to the conductor 260 and rod 250 and the

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1360, "chars": 8587, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,656,013
yoke 230 is rotated about the rod 250. This action causes in-
duction of current in the galvanometer circuit exactly as oc-
curs when the entire magnetic structure or the conductor itself
are moved. However, if the magnetic yoke 230 and conductor
11-22. All 12 solenoids are connected so that the direction of
electric current flow is the same in all solenoids. The energiz-
ing current is supplied from an external source through con-
ductors 33 and 34 and brushes 35 and 36, in a manner well un-
260 are held fixed and magnets 210 and 220 rotated, there is
no deflection of the galvanometer. Thus, it appears that the
The rotor is mounted upon an appropriate frame 37, having
yoke structure plays an important part in controlling move-
opposite stationary stub axles in the form of ferrules 38 and 39
ment of the magnetic flux. Furthermore, it should be noted
that the magnetic flux does not link the galvanometer circuit
which project toward each other. On the projecting portion of
each of ferrules 38 and 39, there is provided an inner race 40
in the usual sense that this term is used, but that a current is in-
and 41 for each of two ball bearing sets whose outer races 42
duced in the galvanometer circuit through the action of the
and 43 are appropriately mounted to the respective ends of
conductor 260 in merely cutting across the field extending
the rotor 10, so that the rotor 10 is free-running, with respect
between adjacent faces of magnets 210 and 220.
to the frame 37, about an axis concentric with the rotor 10.
It has also been found that the permanent magnets 210 and
In the embodiment shown, the exterior cylindrical surface
220 may be replaced by an electromagnet and the results
of rotor 10 serves as a pulley for a drive belt 44 which con-
described above duplicated. Furthermore, it can be demon-
nects the rotor to a source of power 45, but any other suitable
strated that the magnetic flux within the air core of a solenoid
means of driving the rotor in rotation may be utilized.
may be rotated about its magnetic axis. A brass tube formed in
In the form shown in FIGS. 3-5, the apparatus is intended to
the shape of a toroidal C has a winding applied to its entire 20
concentrate the magnetic flux of the several solenoids radially
length with holes drilled in the tubing to receive a brass rod, as
inward, and to facilitate this each of the solenoids is provided
250 in the structure shown in FIG. 11. With the winding ener-
with a core 46 of material having high magnetic permeability.
gized, the above-described procedures produce similar gal-
As shown in FIG. A, the several cores 46 are of squat U-shape,
and extend, for the most part, parallel to the axis of the rotor,
This application is concerned with certain methods and ap- 25
but at each end the cores are curved so as to provide faces 47
paratus which make use of the phenomena described above.
and 48 addressed radially inward. To minimize the radially
Referring now to FIGS. 3, 4, and 5 for an illustration of the
outward escape of magnetic flux from the several solenoids,
second embodiment, a tubular rotor 10 is provided on its inner
they are preferably wound of ribbon-like conductor which is
periphery with 12 keystone cross-sectional electro magnets
coated with any appropriate electrical insulation. The first
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, and 22 of the sole- 30 course of winding begins at 49, and proceeds in helically
noid type. As seen in the cross-section of FIG. 5, the several
wound fashion with the minimum of space between adjacent
electro magnets are arranged as sectors of a cylindrical annu-
turns about core 46, to the opposite end thereof, whereupon,
lus. While in the form shown, the several electro magnets
without interrupting the continuity of the conductor, the
11-22 are shown in circumferentially wedged relationship,
second course is wound helically over the first course, with the
whereby to minimize the likelihood of relative movement radi- 35
pitch of the helix reversed from that in the first course. In this
ally inward as at standstill, as well as in the interest of achiev-
ing substantial uniformity of external flux density throughout
way, any gaps between successive turns in the first course are
overlapped by turns in the second course. While the drawings
the inside circular area of the rotor, it will be understood that
show only two courses of conductor about each core 46, it will
when and if desired, the several electro magnets can be cir-
be understood that, in practice, there may be many more
cumferentially spaced one from the other, and, if desired, a
spacer of relatively low, if any, magnetic permeability inter-
With the several solenoids connected through the slip rings
posed between them. Any suitable means may be employed
to a source of direct current as above-described, it will be un-
for securing the several electro magnets to the shell of the ro-
derstood that all the solenoids 11-22 have the same polar
orientation with respect to the axis of rotation of the rotor. For
In order to facilitate the assembly of the several keystone- 45
example, all core ends 47 are North poles, and all core ends 48
shaped electro magnets on the interior of the rotor as shown,
the shell thereof is made of at least two pieces 23 and 24. In
A tube 50 of circular cross-section is mounted in fixed rela-
the form shown in FIGS. 3-5, the two pieces 23 and 24 are
tionship within the respective ferrules 38 and 39. The tube 50
cup-shaped, and are respectively provided with outwardly ex-
is preferably made of material having little or no magnetic
tending flanges 25 and 26. Once the several solenoids have
permeability. The tube 50 is stationary, but the rotor 10
been positioned within the longer shell piece 23, the shorter
rotates about the axis of the tube 50.
shell piece 24 may be applied as a cap so that flanges 25 and
A stationary solenoid 51 is fixedly mounted on the exterior
26 abut, and may be appropriately secured together as by
of tube 50 in a position such as to fit, with clearance, into the
riveting, bolting, welding, or cementing.
bight of the squat U-shaped solenoids Il-22. Solenoid 51 may
The shell pieces 23 and 24, as well as their interconnecting
be wound directly on tube 50, but in the form shown, it is
means, may be formed of material having little or no magnetic
wound on a cylindrical core 52 of material having little or no
permeability, or in cases where it is desired to shieid the ex-
magnetic permeability, and the core 52 is telescoped on tube
terior from the escape of magnetic flux, they may be formed of
50. The stationary solenoid 51 is energized through ap-
material having a high magnetic permeability. Instead of divid-
60 propriate leads (not shown) from conductors 33 and 34 or
ing the rotor shell in twain axially, it may be divided in twain
other source of direct current, and is so connected that its
radially, in which event the two halves will have axially ex-
magnetic polarity is opposite that of solenoids 11-22, that is to
tending joints when assembled, and may be held in such as-
say that when, as aforesaid, the core ends 47 are North poles,
sembled position by banding or other appropriate means capa-
the adjacent end of solenoid 51 will be its South pole. Thus,
ble of sustaining the centritugal force to which the rotor will 65
magnetic flux of solenoids 11-22 has an external path,
through tube 50, which is coincident with, and in the same
At the end of shell piece 23, remote from flange 25, there is
direction as, the internal path of magnetic flux in solenoid 51.
provided a pair of slip rings 27 and 28 which, in the event the
Thus, the magnetic field generated by each of the solenoids
shell piece is formed of electrically conductive material, may
11 through 22, as well as that generated by solenoid 51,
be separated from the shell piece by sub-rings 29 and 30, of 70 penetrates the interior of tube 50, and when the rotor is driven
appropriate insulating material. The slip ring 27 is connected
in rotation, those magnetic fields rotate collectively about the
through a conductor 31 to the free end on the inner course of
axis of tube 50. During such rotation, particles of matter
the solenoid winding for each of the electro magnets 11-22.
within the tube 50 are within the motional electric field
The slip ring 28 is connected trough a conductor 32 to the free
generated by the rotating magnetic flux. Such an apparatus
end of the outer course of winding in each of the solenoids 75 has a demonstrable effect in the separation and concentration

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 1335, "chars": 8833, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,656,013
of fluids. For example, in the de-salinization of water, the B X
101' serve all four of solenoids 111; leads 102 and 102' serve
V electric field generated by the rotating magnetic fields, acts
all four of solenoids 112; and leads 103 and 103' serve all four
upon the disassociated ions of the sodium chloride in solution.
of solenoids 113. Across leads 101 and 101', between the
This is explained by the fact that if the rotor 10 be rotated in
rectifier 104 and the respective solenoids 11I, there is pro-
the direction shown by the arrows in FIG. 5, the B × V field
vided a capacitor 107. Such capacitor is to coordinate the
tends to drive the positively charged sodium cations toward
capacity and inductance of input, and to neutralize the effect
the center, and tends to drive the negatively charged chlorine
of induction in solenoids 111 by adjacent solenoids during the
anions away from the center of tube 50. Hence, by introducing
off half-cycle of energization. Likewise, a capacitor 108 is
a flow of saline water at end 54 of tube 50, and by providing a
connected between leads 102 and 102', and a capacitor 109 is
concentric separating tube 55 at end 56 of tube 50, incre-
connected between leads 103 and 103'. It will be apparent to
ments of fluid which are concentrated
those skilled in the art that since the four solenoids of like
depleted of chlorine may be drawn off through the stationary
phase are arranged in quardrature with each other, and since
tube 55, while the increments of fluid which are concentrated
solenoids 111 will reach their peak of magnetic flux 120°
with chlorine and depleted of sodium may be drawn off 15
ahead of solenoids 112 reaching their peak flux, and the latter
through the space between the exterior walls of tube 55 and
120° ahead of solenoids 113 reaching their peak flux, a revolv-
the interior walls of tube 50.
ing magnetic field is created. Due to the rectification of the al-
Another utility of the apparatus shown is that of transmut-
ternating current, and the consequent utilization of the half
ing hydrogen into helium, in which event tube 55 is omitted
cycles which all flow in the same direction, there will be no
and electrodes are provided at opposite ends 54 and 56 of
tube 50, so that an electric arc may be established between
reversal of the direction of magnetic flux generated by any of
solenoids 111, 112, and 113, and hence, as in the case of the
them. Heretofore, difficulty has been encountered in main-
previous embodiment, the external path of all magnetic flux
taining the plasma of the are in a relatively straight path
generated in the solenoids 111, 112, and 113 is coincident
between the electrodes as it ends to wiggle and extinguish it-
with, and in the same direction as, the internal flux generated
self when it makes contact with one of the confining walls. 25
by direct current energization of solenoid 151. When such an
However, by impressing a B X V electric field upon such an
arrangement is supplied with alternating current at high
arc, its path may be confined within controllable limits. The B
frequency, such as a thousand cycles per second, the same
× V electric field has the further effect of driving hydrogen
results are achievable with this embodiment as with the previ-
protons toward the center of the tube, and driving electrons
ous embodiment but without movement of any mechanical
away from the center of the tube. Add one neutron to a 30 parts.
hydrogen atom nucleus, and there is produced the isotope
For the purpose of illustrating the effect of the B X V elec-
known as Dueterium; add one more neutron to the Dueterium
tric field, and segregating that effect from the effect of stray
nucleus, and it becomes Tritium; add one more proton to the
magnetic or electrostatic forces, reference may be had to
Tritium nucleus, and it becomes Helium.
FIGS. 9 and 10. The device there shown is intended to be en-
A third embodiment of the apparatus is shown in FIGS. 6, 7, 35
cased in an electrically grounded box 70 of material which has
and 8. With the significant exception that the embodiment of
a high magnetic permeability, and which also has the property
FIGS. 6, 7, and 8 has no moving mechanical parts, its or-
of electrical conductivity for shielding electrostatic fields.
ganization is, in general, quite similar to that shown in FIGS.
Within the box 70, there is a compound rotor machine,
and 5, and hence the last two digits of the reference characters
wherein the respective rotors are driven in opposite
utilized in the previous embodiment. As shown in FIG. 6, a 40
directions. In a suitable frame having spaced pedestals 71 and
cylindrical tube 150 has a solenoid 151 wound on the exterior
72, there is mounted a shaft 73 and an independent shaft 74
thereof, and is energized with direct current from a suitable
Both shafts 73 and 74 may be driven from a single source of
source through leads 153. A plurality of squat U-shaped sole-
power, and are preferably driven at the same rotational speed,
noids 111, 112, and 113, of keystone-shaped cross-section, of
but in opposite senses. A yoke 75 is fixedly mounted to shaft
which there are four each or any multiple of four, are wound
73 for rotation with it. The yoke is cup-shaped with cylindrical
as described in connection with the previous embodiment, and
skirt 76. About the inner periphery of the skirt 76, a plurality
securely mounted in any suitable way with their pole faces 147
os solenoidal electro magnets 77 are fixedly mounted thereto.
and 148 contiguous with, and addressed toward the axis of,
The several electro magnets extend parallel with the common
tube 150. In this embodiment, however, the several squat U-
axis of rotation of shafts 73 and 74, and are of the same polar
shaped solenoids 111, 112, and 113, have cores which are
orientation with respect to those shafts. The several electro
made of material having little or not magnetic permeability,
magnets 77 have identical solenoids wound, in the manner
such as tubes 146 of paperboard wound to a keystone shape
previously described, about identical cores of material having
with hollow interior. As in the previous embodiment, the mag-
high magnetic permeability. The solenoids of the several elec-
netic polarity of solenoid 151 is opposite that of the solenoids 55
tro magnets 77 are energized from a suitable source of direct
111, 112, and 113, which is to say that if ends 147 of the sole-
current through conductors 84 and 85, brushes 86 and 87, slip
noids 111-113 are the North poles thereof, the adjacent end
rings 88 and 89, and conductors 90 and 91. The respective
of solenoid 151 is its South pole, so that the external magnetic
solenoids 76 are preferably connected in parallel circuit rela-
flux path from solenoids 111-113 is coincident with, and in
the same direction as, the internal flux path of solenoid 151.
tionship, but, if desired, may be in series so long as uniform
60 polar orientation is maintained.
In the embodiment shown in FIGS. 6-8, the several squat U-
Shaft 74 is provided with a hub 78 having a coaxial bore 79,
shaped solenoids 111, 112, and 113 are energized with non-in-
into which is rotatably fitted a pilot 80 projecting concentri-
terconnected three-phase alternating current, each phase of
cally from shaft 73. On the outer periphery of hub 78, there is
which has been half-wave rectified to produce direct current
fixedly mounted a plurality of electro magnets 81, each of
pulsating at alternate half cycles. One phase of the alternating
which is an identical solenoid, and each of which has an identi-
current is connected to all solenoids 111; another phase of the
cal core of material having high magnetic permeability. As in
alternating current is connected to all solenoids 112; and the
the previous case, the several solenoids 81 are all energized so
third phase of the alternating current is connect to all sole-
as to have the same polar orientation with respect to their axis
noids 113, as shown in the wiring diagram of FIG. 8, where a
of rotation. Each of the solenoids is energized from a suitable
three-phase alternator 100 is provided with six leads arranged 70 source of direct current through conductors 68 and 69,
in three pairs, to wit: leads 101 and 101' for the first phase,
brushes 82 and 83, slip rings 95 and 96, and conductors 97
leads 102 and 102' for the second phase, and leads 103 and
and 98. All of the solenoids 81 are preferably connected in se-
103' for the third phase. The respective phases are not electri-
ries circuit relationship, but, if desired, may be in parallel.
cally interconnected. In each of leads 101, 102, and 103, there
If desired, and as shown, the several solenoids 81 may be
is a rectifier 104, 105, and 106, respectively. Leads 101 and 75 surrounded by a simple solenoid 99 wound helically

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 830, "chars": 5622, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,656,013
10
thereabout and electrically connected in parallel or series
means to energize the solenoids of the electro magnets from
relationship with solenoids 81 and to conductors 97-98 so that
a direct current source, the solenoids being energized so
the current flow through solenoid 99 is in the same direction
as to maintain a uniform polar orientation; and
as through solenoids 81. Thus the winding 99 serves the dual
an enclosure surrounding the frame and the rotor, the en-
purpose of boosting the magnetic fields generated by sole-
5
closure
being formed of an electrically conductive
noids 81 and of mechanically binding the latter to the surface
material the enclosure being grounded
of hub 78.
2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the rotor is a hol-
When, as contemplated, the shafts 73 and 74 are driven in
rotation simultaneously, but in opposite directions, the sole-
low cylindrical rotor, the electromagnets being affixed to the
noids 77 which rotate with shaft 73 have opposite magnetic
10
inner cylindrical surface of the rotor.
3. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the solenoids are
polar orientation to those (81) which rotate with shaft 74. The
connected in parallel circuit relationship.
several solenoids 77 are preferably designed to create external
4. Apparatus for demonstrating magnetic phenomena com-
magnetic flux fields of flux density approximately equal and
prising:
opposite to those created by electro magnets 81 and 99, but by
a frame;
the principle of superposition ("Elec. & Mag.", by Ralph W
15
a cylindrical rotor;
Winch, 1963 Ed., p. 202), each flux field acts as if the other
a shaft journalled on the frame and supporting the rotor for
were not present. Despite the fact that the flux fields created
rotation about its longitudinal axis;
by the responsive series of electro magnets 77 and 81 and 89
a plurality of electro magnets, each of which is an identical
are oppositely directed, since their rotation is in opposite sen-
20
solenoid having a core formed of a material having a high
ses, their resultant effect, insofar as concerns the generation of
magnetic permeability, the electro magnets being fixedly
mounted n the rotor with each electro magnet extending
a B X V electric field, is cumulative. Accordingly, the external
parallel to the axis of rotation thereof,
B X V electric field is intensified at the exterior of the device,
means to energize the solenoids of the electro magnets from
and its effect on the outside of shielding box 70 is demonstra-
a direct current source, the solenoids being energized so
ble, even though the resultant magnetic flux density there is
25
as to maintain a uniform polar orientation;
approximately zero. Such demonstration might be through a
an enclosure surrounding the frame and the rotor, the en-
capacitor and electrometer as shown in FIG. 9, for example.
closure being
formed
of an
electrically conductive
In order to achieve the maximum flux density and hence the
material, the enclosure being grounded; and
maximum B × V electric field intensity, it is desirable to take
means surrounding at least a portion of the enclosure to de-
measures which keep the apparatus cool. This may involve 30
tect and measure the electric field generated during rota-
resort to such means as: winding the several solenoids with so-
tion of the energized rotor.
called "super-conductors" such as that known commercially
5. Apparatus for demonstrating magnetic phenomena, com-
as "Supercon"; or refrigerating the apparatus as by immersing
prising:
it in a bath of liquid helium which is capable of maintaining a
a U-shaped yoke of highly permeable magnetic material;
temperature of approximately 4° Absolute.
35
a pair of permanent magnets mounted in axial alignment
While several illustrative embodiments of the invention
between the ends of the yoke, one magnet being mounted
have been disclosed in detail, it is not to be understood that
to each leg of the yoke;
the invention is limited to those embodiments. On the contra-
an electrically conductive non-magnetic rod extending axi-
ry, the principles of the invention are susceptible of applica-
ally through the magnets;
tion in a vast variety of forms without departing from the spirit 40
a stiff conductor mounted at one end to the rod for rotation
of the invention or the scope of the appended claims. The ap-
relative to the yoke in a plane perpendicular to the rod
paratus defined in the following claims is believed by the ap-
and intermediate the magnets, the conductor extending a
plicant to demonstrate his unique theory disclosed above.
sutticient distance beyond the magnets so that its other
What is claimed is:
end is located at a point where the magnetic field from
1. Apparatus for generating an electric field, comprising:
45
the magnets falls to approximately zero intensity;
a frame;
a galvanometer; and
a cylindrical rotor;
circuit means connecting the ends of the conductor to the
a shaft journalled on the frame and supporting the rotor for
galvanometer to measure current flow through the con-
rotation about is longitudinal axis;
ductor.
a plurality of electro magnets, each of which is an identical 50
6. Apparatus according to claim 5 wherein the magnets are
solenoid having a core formed of a material having a high
rotatably mounted to the yoke for rotation about the axis of
magnetic permeability, the electro magnets being fixedl
the rod, and where the magnets are axially magnetized and ad-
mounted on the rotor with each electromagnet extending
jacent faces are of opposite polarity.
parallel to the axis of rotation thereof,
**
55
60
65
70
75
