{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T06:06:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4148317, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125305-cejka-the-n-machine-depalma.pdf", "source_sha256": "6e64c11aada2aee9c80136c512d32ef559eb85d5f2f3fe9b93f6a1627a0e5636"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2162, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE "N" MACHINE
EXTRACTION OF
ELECTRICAL ENERGY
DIRECTLY FROM SPACE
INTRODUCTION
The extraction of energy directly from
space has been suggested as a viable
piocess for the solurion of the energy
problems of soclery. The accessibility of this
energy has been limited by the necessity for
the formulation of new energy paradigms.
In the past. energy in space has been
suggested by thoughts such os: Orgone, OD,
Prana, Bio-cosmic, Neutring energy sea and
so on, but the useful extraction of such
energies has always owaited more explicit
formulations of these ideas which could
suggest the construction of simple practical
energy extraction machinery.
VARIABLE INERTIAL MASS
Experiments performed by this author have
suggested a picture of spoce which Is.
perfused with a "fine substance"
This
concept is one which iles between the
ineffability of a space-time construct such os
Einsteins and the tangibility of gross matter.
This "fine substance" confers inertia on
physicol objects. The substance of inertia can
also be shown to have the property of
polarization,
Normally the inertial moss of on object is
anisotropic, that is to soy, in an inertial
measurement performed by appiying a
force vector to the object and measuring the
resulting
acceleration, the inertial moss
obtained in this measurement would be a
constart independent of the direction of the
applied force vector.
The important discovery is that the Inertial
mass of a rotating
object becomes
polarized and anisotropic. In terms of the
real behavior of a rotating object, the inertiol
mass is found to increase ior measurements
performed in the direction of the axis of
ratation. and perfarce the inertial moss is
found to be decreased for measurements
made in the direction of the plone of
rotation: Complete inertial polarization of
the rotating object tokes ploce when the
Inertiol mess taken in the direction of the
plane of rotation of the test object
decreases to zero with increasing rotational
speed.
THE "N" EFFECT
The interesting combination would be to
combine the effects of inertial and magnetic
ENERGY UNLIMITRO NO. 5, ENERGY UNLIMITED, Rt. 4, Fox 288, Los Lunas NM 87031 USA Page

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 312, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The "'N" Effect
+
N
Voltage appears
between center
and edge
Rotating Pertacent Maguet (41nico)
FIGURE A
The N Machine
+
N/S NE
N/S
- /
Bronze
Shait
Iwo Ferrite
Ring Magnets
Conducting
Disc
Iwo Ferrite
Ring Magoets
FIGURE B
Poze 1B ENERCY UNLIMITED NU. 5, ENERGY UNLIMIIED, Rt. 4, Box 288, Los Lunas NM $7031 USA

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3812, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
polarization for the extraction of electrical
energy directly from space. With reference
o the two diagrams, Figures A and B, the
'N' effect is demonstrated quite simply. A
cylindrical bar magnet of alnico or other
magnetized electrical conductor is rotated
around on axis passing through the two
magnetic poles and perpendicular to the
polished pole faces.
A cylindrically
symmetrical electric field
is estoblished
within the magnet through rotation.
Electrical current is simply extracted
by
placing the probes or sliding contacts of the
appropriate ammeters and voltmeters, one
on the axis of rotation and the other on the
outer surface of the ratating magnetized
conductar.
and controllable form from N generators
which are scaled. in order to supply
requirements.
Experiments show the
voltage polarity depends on the sense of
rotation. Output valtage goes directly as
speed
and magnetic field strength.
Geometrically the output voltage increases
os the square of the machine radius. r
squared.
FARADAY'S EFFECT
It was in the 1830's that Michael Faroday
working in the basement of what is now the
Royal Technical Callege in London, discover-
ed that a conducting disc held between the
poles of a magner with the lines of force
perpendicular to the surface, would gene-
rote current if rotated and che current
THE "N" MACHINE
In order to make full use of the current
capobllities of an N generator and to
accomodate the use of non-conducting
'ferrite permonent magnets or electromag
nets, an "N" Mochine Is constructed (see
Figure D). The "N" machine utilizes o copper
or bronze conducting shaft and disc and
ferrite "ring" magnets cemented together as
shown. A typicol machine is constructed with
ordinary loudspeaker ring magnets of
dimensions: outer diameter 2 7/8 inches,
inner diameter 1 1/4 inches and 1/2 inch
thickness, two of each epoxy-cemented on
either side of a conducting dise 1/8 inch
thick. It delivers 30 millivolts at 3450 r.p.m.
The field strength of the magnets as supplled
Is about 1000 gauss. The cument obtainable
from the machine is limited only by the
resistance of the leads and sliding contacts.
Since the forementioned 30 my. can be
developed across a heavy copper wire shunt
of resistance less than 001 alim, a current in
excess of 30 amperes is developed by this
simple toy.
extrocied berween the center and the edge
of the rotating conducting disc. Conversely if
a voltage were applied between the center
and the edge of such a disc, it would rotote
os a motor. These effects are presently
known as the Faraday unipolar dynamo and
the Faraday motor respectively.
If Foraday had rotated the whole
combination, magnets and disc together, he
would hove discovered, as this author did in
1977, that the voltage outout remained
constant regardless of whether the disc was
rotating independently of the magnets or
not. Of course, if Maxwell or Faraday had
known of the "N" effect things would hove
been different. But it is probobly true that
such a discovery had to wait until the
availability of strong lightweight permanent
magnets, a development that didn't take
place until the 1930's.
NO ROTATIONAL DRAG WITH N GENERATOR
What is important about the N mochine is
that unlike a conventional generator which
exhibits a rotational drag when the current is
drawn, an N generator exhibits no such drag.
ELECTRICAL ENERGY FROM SPACE
All of the currendy used electrical
Electrical energy developed
aUL
of
generation rotating machinery has the
centrifugal extraction of the electrical
praperty of being both motor and generator
positive and negative poles from the free
simultaneously. That is to say, an electrical
energy fleld of space is supplied in useful
machine which Is used as a generotor will
ENERGY UNLIMITED NO. 5, ENERGY UNLIMITED, RE. 4, Box 288, Los Lunas NM 87031 USA Pag

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 500, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
————————eeelc(

-— et ee ts en HO eee en or —— oe ——_—

sn Troggs WN sTeay sol ‘eget xom Sy 73 ‘OLLINTINN ADSENA “S "ON GALTKT ING ROWAN OF B9eQg

|

S. =
ee. 5
‘Oo =
YT Sw
wy
SS oe
Uj S Sai
> ¥e
— 3 < {
=. z
ae
S285
q06celd &
zr eto
Sore

j

rm |

e
ry
ax
88
“ye | |
: SY |
SSMS TEXVURRERUNTRL ER ENLONLN TRO EDA fh
= SIPSPOYDYW SLIVYTS ZS
Fry ne Mires LUCE LULU Sy $
RAN RMU AG SLE ee ed
+ sy Yu
Q wc 3
= ws |
eye UV UL VAS! Y ‘
we i
tp . | WV]
Wy | aa] ss
= ER (2) |
& —w2 |
n = $2 Sey
ltr. ae A

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3880, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
operate as a motor when excited with the
appropriate voltages and currents. With the
foregoing in mind, we interpret che situation
. as follows.
In the
conventional electrical power
generation system we have an electrical
generator coupled to an engine of some
kind which supplies mechonical power which
is interpreted in accord with
present
understanding to be converted
from
mechanical to electrical energy with o
conversion efficiency not to exceed 100%. If
we were to suppose, however, that the
energy obtained wos extracted from some
heretofore unsuspected property of magne-
tism; then it is simply opporent that the
slowing down of the drive engine is due to
the "generator" having the aspect of a
motor also. The slowing of the drive engine
with electrical load Is simply the effect of the
motor aspect of the generator energized by
the lood current. The generator being a
motor also elicits a torque ourpur in
opposition to the drive engine torque. This is
why an engine generator combination slows
down when an electrical load is thrown on
the generator.
N MACHINE IS NON-RECIPROCAL
AnN generator is only a generator and
does not possess the dual aspects of
presently used machines. Electrical loading
of on N generator produces an internal
torque between the conducting electrical
disc and the attached ring magnets.
However since they are firmly cemented
together this torque cannot escape from the
machine and load the drive motor or engine.
Thus the N machine is a non-reciprocal
machine, which, if a voltage were applled to
it in the fashion of motor excitation between
the center and the edge of the conducting
disc, no motor action could result since the
generated torque is constrained within the
body of the machine.
DIRECTIONS FOR FUTURE WORK
. The discovery of a new physical phenome-
non, the N effect, which relates phenomena
of magnetism, Inertia, and rotation together
In a new machine for the liberation of
electrical energy directly from space is a
pregnant development of a new age in
sdence which will energize the civilization of
the 21st century. Although many Ideas may
hove suggested themselves in the minds of
readers of this information, I would like to
suggest a few possibilities which have
occurred to this outhor in the time that he
has been working and experimenting with N
generators of various kinds.
1] CONTROL OF YERY HIGH CURRENTS AT
LOW VOLTAGE
Simple calculations will show the N
generator to be choracterized as a very high
current, low voltage electrical generation
machine. For the sizes and rotational speeds
narmally associated with conventional
automotive or electrical traction purposes, It
is easy to show that voltage of up to 100 or
so v.o.c. can be gènerated ar currents limited
only by the brush technology and the
mochine internal resistance. Standard texts
detail methods whereby high currents have
been conducted through liquid conducting
metal electrodes. In chis fashion currents of
50,000 amperes have been conducted from
Faraday unipolar generators for the excita.
tion of ultra-high field strength magnets for
physical experiments. (Francis Bitter Magnet
Laboratory Publications. MIT, Cambridge.
Mossochusetts 02139).
The important fact about cheN generator
Is that once the appropriate brush
technology hes been adopted for the
ultra-high currents, the control of the voltage
becomes very simple. The N generator is
constructed as an N mochine wich che
permanent magnets replaced by o pair of
electromognets on either side of the
conducting disc. Excitation of the electro-
magnets can vary the N generator ourput
from zero to full in either polarity. Thus a
current of thousands of omperes can be
controlled in voltage and polarity by a few
amperes or less of excitation current
necessory to saturate the electromognets in
ENERGY UNLIMITED NO. 5, ENERCY UNLIMITED, Rt. 4, Box 28B, Los Lunas NM 87031 USA Page 2

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 402, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
N-N POWER GENERATION SYSTEM
14 KW • 12VDC
5 HP • 20.000 RPM
STARING SWITCH
VOLTAGE REGULATOR LAMP.
SLIP RIG
wwww
MOTOR SHAFT
H GENERATOR SHAFT
das3ig. 2089.
#CH CURAENT CONDUCTOn
MAGETS
~ PULLEY
FIGURE C
CASE
MOTOR
DISC
COLLECTDA PLATE
EPOXY FiBERGLAS' WRAP —
- IN
STATIDNARY
MAGHETS
— SPACER
- BEATENG
ROTATING
Page 22
ENTROY UNLIMITED NO. 5, ENERGY UNLIMITED, Rt. 4, Box 288, Los Lunas NM 87031 1ISA

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 3960, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the chosen direction of magnetization.
It is easy to see that a.c. operation is
possible if the electromagnets are built of
lominations stacked in o cylindrical build with
the direction of easy magnetization parallel
to the axis of rotation of the mochine.
2] SELF CONTAINED POWER GENERATION
SYSTEMS
Since the N generator con liberate many
times the power needed to overcome
bearing friction, windage losses and frictlonal
losses in sliding contacts, the N generator can
be combined with an electrical drive motor
forming a self-sustaining combination.
Reflection will show the appropricte motor
for such a purpose is a Faraday motor; a
simple copper disc rotar between the pales
of strong field magnets. The ultra-low
voltage, high current characteristics of this
machine combine perfecily with the low
voltage, high current output of the N
generator. Such a combination. an N
generator on o common shalt with a
Foraday motor, with the motor excited with
a fraction of the generator output regulared
chrough an appropriate series regulator
resistor (to prevent mochine speed run-
away, forms a power generation system. '
The basic power generation system then
consists of a self-sustaining combination of N
generator and Faraday motor
which
provides a mechanical and an electrica!
output.
(See Figure C. The N-i Power
Generation System.)
An Interesting line of development begins
here since once the basic power generation
system is constructed the mechanical ourput
can be used io drive conventional
generators-which may be to some advant-
age since these machines ore presently
articles of commerce and can deliver higher
output voltages than the basic dic. N
generator. The point of all this is that once
the free energy is liberated fron space and
converted
into rotational um by a
combination N generator-Feraday inator,
the resultant energy is directly applicable
economically, and with known conventional
technology and rochines.
3] INERTIAL GUIDANCE
The N generator concept of the direct
centrifugial extraction of the electrical poles
from the spatial energy field has direct
application to the field of inertial guidance.
It is not necessary to hove sliding contacts if
the N generator is to be used to sense de/dt.
Wires con be soldered to the ends of a
diameter of an N generator disc and a
voltage obtained between the two diame-
tral ends connected together and the center.
The polarity of this voltage will reflect the
sense of rotation and its magnitude will be
proportional to de/dt. Appropriate Integra-
tors on the output of o three-axis
comoination will provide all the information
necessary for on inertial guidorice system
replacing cumbersome mechenical gyro-
scopes spinning at fantestic speeds together
with excessively sophisticated ond expen-
sive ancillary mechanical and electrical
Instrumentation.
FREEDOM OF THOUGHT AND ENERGY
The powerful physical principle resulting
from the interaction of rotation, inertia, and
magnetism, for the liberation of unlimited
controlled energy directly from the energy
medium of space, the N effect, opens the
door to the continued social development of
• sociery freed from che limitation of the
present energy conservation paradigm.
Freedom from the limitations imposed by
the present formulations, the so-called Lows
of Physics, is important since it ollows the
upward spiraling of free thought which
eventuolly expresses itself in new forms of
machinery. In terms of 1979 science, it is on
unexpected pleosure to be reminded that
the present closed system of equations of
electricity, Moxwell's Equations, do not
represent all there is to know about
electricity and magnetism.
THERMODYNAMIC INTERACTIONS
The Laws of Thermodynamics and the
so-called conservation of energy relation-
ships are 150 years old. Of course the
discovery of the inertial anisorropy of
rotating objects is taken together with new
ENERCY UNLIMITED NO. 5, ENERGY UNLINITED, Rt. 4, Box 288, Los Lunes NM 87031 USA Pagc

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 539, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'N" Machine
D.C. Generator
ceramic
offer
magnat
Ecut.
brush
constant speed drive
Since this is a free
simply enre the
hadins
constant speed, (co).
* 3"
AC on be generated 17.
brazic
axle shaft
carbon
brurh
Eout:
www
pover cutput limital.
by internal resintance
of copper dise e brashes.
Application of Binciple
•i Carrtsaint (Force-Energy)
to the generation f
Fout. -
ratating magnetic
fiell munt be volated.
from, conductive don
magnetically permeable
ge
24
ENEIGY UNLIMITED NO. S,
ENERGY UNLINITED, Rt.
Box
288, Los Lunas NM 9/0111
lISA

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 590, "chars": 3906, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
information this author hos elicited regarding
che elastic callisions of rotating objects.
Impacting on identical nan rotating controls-
free energy Is liberated in the collision of a
rolating object with a non-rotating one.
New Informotion such as this imposes new
degrees of freedom in the thermodynamic
Interactions of colliding atoms and will help
to explain much of the anomalous new
Information which is belng accumulated In
the present search for more "efficient" ways
of liberating or extracting energy from
Nature.
A thoroughgoing Intelligent analysis of the
N generator will show that to produce any
voltage whatsoever, such a combination of
magnets and a conducting disc in rotation as
shown, invalidates the physical Interpreta-
tions of Newton and Einstein, special
relativity and general relativity. The loss of
these ideas l do not regard as a terribly
great tragedy since in their overcoming we
shall eventually perfect the anti-grovity
spacedrive ond will send men to the stars. In
this shore paper can only suggest some of
these ideas.
OPERATION OF MAGNETRON TUBE
The presently conceived ideas regarding
the operation of the magneton radio
frequency transmitting tube con be re-exa-
mined in the light of the N effect. In such o
tube a rotating disc electronic cioud excites o
serles of resonant chambers ground its
periphery or microwave frequencies. The
very high power microwave impulses
obtained in this way form the basis of Radar
transmitters in current usage.
Interpreting the magnetron operation as o
higher order property of the Foroday
unipolar dynomo, we con suspect we might
be able to obrain o.c. excitation of a series
resonant L-C circuit connected between any
two separate points on the periphery of a
rotating N generotor conducting disc. For
most of us who have spent our lives in the
conventional applications of electricity and
electricel rotating mochinery. it may be
enlightening to obtain alternating current in
this way.
What Is Important is anyone can say a
certain formulation or set of Ideos Is Invalid,
l.e. the Einstein geometrical interpretation of
space. The Important thing Is whot we hove
to offer in terms of new machinery, I.e., free
energy or anti-gravity to substantiate
• the
new Ideas.
NEW MACHINERY PROVES NEW IDEA
Experiments performed by this cuthor have
obrained 2-3 millivalts a.c. (p-p) generated
In this way employing a 1 microforad
capacitor in series with the appropriate
inductance to obiain resonance between
100 and 600 cps. In consideration of the
utilization of this effect for the generation of
megawott power levels at powerline
frequencies (60 cps) the size of the
components becomes Important since a
resonant. circult must be employed in
conjunction with an N generator. The L and
C elements would have to be fabricated to
reach the megowatt power levels with
suitably low internal impedance. Such
Imitations do not appear to assert
themselves or the mognetron operating
frequencies, so the possibility of
the
liberation of megawat power levels of
microwave power radiation from cn N
machine in a UHF cavity system suggests
Itself.
Consider all the ramifications of the
electricity which originally was known in the
Galvanic wet cell or the lightning arrestor.
Now piçtures are sent through the "air"
(television), sound is recorded (magnetism).
Many other things are done. We live in on
age where conceptualization of such o
development has taken place in mony
flelds.
Thus there is some bosis of
understanding of the possibilities which con
result from the evolution of a new basis of
understanding, With this in mind I hove tried
to indicate what some of the thoughts l
have had have led me to in consideration of
the newly discovered Inertial anisotropy of
rotating objects and the integration of
magnetism and rotation, the N effect.###
ENERGY UNLIMITED NO. 5, ENERCY UNLIMITED, Rc. 4, Box 288, Los Lunas NM 87031 USA Page 2

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 4425, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
52.
815-962 1718 -m.i//
BRUCE E. DePALMA, 17 December 1980, PERFORMANCE OF THE "SUNBURST" N-MACHINE
Introduction: Beginning in the spring of 1979, the auchor and hit 2is
with the personnel and facilities of che SUNBURST apiritual and agricultural comnunity cons-
structed a prototype N generator for cear and evaluacion. After one year of mechanical ev-
olution and refinement, serious testing commenced in August 1980. The important parameter •
be considered is
the nechanical drag associated with the production of an increment of elec-
trical power which is extracted from space by the machine.
The Experinent:
The experimental setup consisted of the N generator machine as diagrammed ?
Igure 2 driven by a drive motor. Specifically the N generator is provided as shown in thai?
lustration with twelve brushes on the axle and also contacting the edge of the disc.
As shown the disc brushes are arranged in three groups of four, arranged on the two sides ar
top of the disc.
The axle brushes are in two groups of six, placed symmetrically on the two
sides of the front bearing mount plate.
The brushas are 1" × 1" rectangular graphite carbon
The bearings are fitted with an oil lubricacion aystem and the machine is balanced and wound
with fiberglass
to run without vibration at 6000 r.p.m.
The bearing supports and the surrou
dings of the machine are wood and brass to avoid the proximity of iron or other magnetic mat
rial which would induce drag into the machine with the withdrawal of current,
The drive motor is a standard 40 h-p-, 440 v.a.c., 60 c-p.s., three phase unit. Motor speed
is rated 3485 r.P.M., maximum drav is rated 50.5 amperes at full output.
The motor is conne
ted to the N-machine by a double drive belt. The motor pully diameter is 9 778" and che gen
rator pully diameter is 5 3/4",
This pives a step up ratio of 1,72 x the mocor speed to rot
the generator at the design speed of 5000 r. p.m.
With initial scarcup of the machine, the inertial load on the drive motor reaults in a 200
anpere surge per phase of the drive
notor current.
After attaining operating speed
the dri
current is
16 amperer at 440 v.a.c. as measured with a Triplett model 30 ammeter clam
around one of the input phase wires of che motor.
calculation of the nosor power input required to overcome windage and brush friction losses
a: 6000 r. p.m.;
14 × 440 x .7 (p.f.) * 1.73 (pwr, corr 3d) = 7900 watts = 10.07 h.p.
In a number of trial runs the N generator is run up to speed @ 6000 r.p.m. and the brushes a
heated by contact with the disc and friction.
With the brushes hot their internal voltage dr
and series resistance are much reduced over the "cola" conditión;
The output of che N generator is regulated by control of the electromagnet. Maximum magnet
current is 20 amperes at
200 v.d.c. as provided by a separate power supply and rectifier bri
ge controlled with
a varise operating from the 200 v.a.c. line.
The electrical output of the N machine in measured by passing che current through two 800 am
pere rated shunts in parallel.
The shunts are Hichok Instrumencs agyle 920-221 rated 50 m.v
for BOO amperes passing through them.
Two shunts in parallel, mounted on the front bearing
support plate absorb the output of the machine.
The current is controlled by a large copper
knife switch located immediately benind che shuncs which controls the current picked up by t
12 brushes riding on the outer edge of the N generator disc.
After the apparatus is started and the N generator attains the 6000 г.P.m. speed the magnet
energized and
the generator output switch closed to direct the output current into the load
consisting of the parallel combination of the 800 ampere shunts.
The output of the machine
indicated by 50 millivolts appearing across che shunts for every 1600 amperes of current gen
ated by the machine.
Voltage is measured by a separate voltage pickup brush located under t
front bearing support. The results of six runs off the experiment:
machine speed:
6000 r.p.m.
Copies of this artic
drive motor current no load
available from
15 amperes
drive motor current increase when N machine loaded
* ampere max.
A. KEITH BREWER
Voltage output of N generator no load
SCIENCE LIBRARY,
Voltage cutput of N generator loaded
1.5 volts d.C. ADMIRAL RUCE ARCHIVE
1.05 v.d.c.
Current output of N generator
7200 amperes
RICHLAND CENTER WI 5
(224 m.v. across shunt @ 50 m.v./1600 aпр.)
J. 5.. A.
Telephone 608-647-65

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3395, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
BRUCE E. DePALMA, 17 December 1980, PERFORMANCE OF THE "SUNBURST" N-MACHINE cont. page 2.
Power output of N machine
7560 watts = 10.03 h.p.
Incremental power ratio = 7560
- 7360
28.2 watte out
watts in
Internal resistance of generator
52.5 micro-ohns
Reduccion of the above data gives as the equivalent circuit for the machine:
Prist 62.5 pr.
..
R (internal) =62.5 micro-ohms
R (brush)
-114.25 micro-ohms
R (shunt)
•31.25 micro-olms
N
gah.
1.5
v.d.c.
The measurement instruments for the vol
tage and current were:
Voltage: Universal A VOMETER model B,
1% accuracy
Current:
Triplett model 630-NS, 1% ac-
curacy
Discussion:
The figures clearly speak for themselves.
During testing when the current
out
put of the N machine was alternatively switched off and on; there was no discernable mechar
cal change in the condition of the apparatus, i.e. the machinery did not appear to slow in
any way and che acticude of the belt and pully system did not alter showing evidence on any
additional mechanical torque being transmitted to the loaded N generator.
The increase in drive motor current was consistant and consisted of a very small discernabl
movement of the ammeter needie which was exactly st half scale on the 30 ampere range.
the next improvement in the system would be a substitute centrifugal mercury current coller
system of conventional design. If we consider such a system che friccion losses and heatir
associated with aliding contacts is eliminated.
The electrical resistance can be made very
low wich such arrangements.
Assuming the electrical resistance of the external circuit is
made zero through such means then we can expect:
N generator output with zero load resistance = 23,000 amperes
equivalent h.p.
= 46.25
It is clear the power output is limited by the internal resistance of the N Generator axle
and disc.
Earlier experimente with the same machine
gave as an internal resistance of 19.2
micromohms. Due co the heat liberated in the operation of the experimental machine probabi
some oxide has formed or the shaft and disc thereby raising the internal resistance on the
machine. Liquid metal sliding contacts can be hermetically sealed to climinate this proble
Conclusion: Regardless of che later mechanical and electrical improvements which can be ma
to the construction of the N generator, the point has been proved that the energy which is
extracted direccly from space by such a machine can be obtained without the drag penalty o
the machine constructed along the conventional lines.
* Note: Further evidence of che tow drag of che 1 generator was evident when the drive motor
was turned off and the machine allowed ta coast down from the normal 6000 pm operating spe
Under these conditions opening and closing the current control knife switch to interrupt th
Flow of the 7200 ampere output current caused no visable effect in the slowing down of the
appratus whether the current was flowing or not.
Df course for a generator contructed alon
conventional lines such a teat would resulc in an immediace arrescing of che rotacion of th
machine as 10 h.p. of electrical load was thrown on the machine,
From the viewpoint of physics, the interesting point is what is the mechanism of che drag
of an Nmachine.
I have thought about the problem.
The drag only appears when the current
is drawn from the N generacor disc.
No drag is associated simply with the presence or ab-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1272, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BRUCE E. DePALMA, 17 December 1980, PERFORMANCE OF TRE "SUNBURST" N-MACHINE cont, page 3
sence of che magnetic field of the electromagnet.
What occurs with the withdrawal of current from the machine is that che magnetic field lin
which are normally parallel to the axis of rotation of the machine are distorted into
by che circular magnetic field created in the disc by withdrawal of current.
I feel it is
the torque interation of this spiral field with a free space with e non-zero intrinsic mag
netic permeability which is resulting in the slighe drag which is measured. More precise
measurements will clarify this interpretation.
finally, no change in the current supplied to the electromagnet occurs whether current is
eing withdrawn from the machine or noc. This is consistant with the operation of conveni
electrical generators wherein the field excication eurrent is not altered by withdrawal of
current from these machines.
1050 Chim De 9310}
Simple N machine maus by Bruce dePalma Montecito, Cater,
1.
1442
BRONZE
N- MACHINE
ELECTROMAGNET
INPUT CURRENT
+
CLOCKWISE
ROTATION
NORTH POLE,
Igura (2)
"ELECTROMAGNET.:
I/d COPPER MAGNET WIRE:
32 LAYERS
9605 TURNS:
1.....=.-
=
134*
SOFT IRON CORE
-E
NYLON
BUSHINGS
MAIN
BEARNUG
SOUTH
POLE
+
FIGURE 2
- 10*
OUTPUT BRUSH
