{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-14T05:45:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6965304, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125315-cejka-high-power-em-experiments-in-ussr.pdf", "source_sha256": "8b6c9a37214d24cf84fbfa8edb23e3b04124bdba7555d45e09fcff635ae9008d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2316, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sorter apology for radio black out (disruption)
APPENDIZ I
INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT'S OPINION
December 6th, 1977.
MEMORANDUM
TO: FILE
FROM: G. H. B. (G, H. BENNETT) .
SUBJECT: High Power Electromagnetic Experiments in the U.S.S.R.
I have to-day been speaking with Dr. Andrew Michrowski a civil
servant in the State Department of the Government of Canada who has
been acting as a technical advisor to the Cabinet on certain specific
aspeats of the negotiations between the United States of America and
the U.S.S.R. concerning the re-drafting of the SALT Agreements. For
the past two years Dr. Michrowski has been collecting date and analysing
all available information on the High Power Electromagnetic Experiments
being carried on by the Russians at a site near Riga in Latvia on the
Baltic Coast and at Gomel near Minsk some 250 miles south of Riga,
I have been following the situation described herein from its
beginning-
Information in this memorandum comes from a number of
sources but the corralation of it comes from this conversation to-day
with Dr. Michrowski.
On October 14th, 1975 radio conmunications all over the world
were disrupted by powerful radio waves emanating out of Soviet Russia.
Numerous official radio monitoring stations scattered throughout the
world registered specific details on this occasion. Subsequently
these signals reappeared, sometimes a very low frequency, sometimes
a very high frequency and'at irregular intervals for irregular
lengths of time. Official protests were lodged by Canada, Britain,
United States and the Scandinavians to Russia who apologized for the
interference, due they said to experiments they were conducting.
Both
amateur and professional radio communications personnel monitored these
broadcasts, attempting to identify their nature, origin and purpose.
defense and intelligence services of the United States were
particularly concerned and by December of 1975 they had convinced
themselves that the bursts came from powerful Soviet "over-the-horizon
radar signals". This became the official explanation for a while and
it was very plausible.
But then the nature of the radiations changed dramatically. Very
large standing electromagnetic waves were formed thousands of miles long,
originating from below the ground and extending right up to the ionosphere.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2926, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These standing waves had a periodicity varying between 4 pulses per second
up to 26 pulses per second.
Obviously these could not be over-the-horizon
radar signals; everyone had to re-think their ideas. For about a year
these electromagnetic waves appeared sporadically with no further
explanation from the Russians, only a promise to turn down their
experiments and eventually stop altogether.
Innumerable explanations were put forth on the Hestern side, but
the only substantial advance madewas to determine that the electromagnetic
radiation originated from a single source near Riga in Latvia.
The
transmitter at Gomel near Minsk was only brought into operation when
I things began to get out of hand in the spring of this year.
The present understanding of these phenomena (which is accepted by
a large body of scientists and other professional analytical investigators
but by the vast majority of politicians and other influential laymen)
ties together a number of apparently disparate and independent events.
A Soviet scientist in Canada on an official exchange visit said that
he knew some now very old individuals in Russia who had in their youth
known Tesla.
Apparently sonetime ago these individuals were approached
by Russian scientists, who attempted to extract from them all the
information they could recall regarding Tesla's early experiments.
While working in Quebec, this Soviet scientist and a lot of other
unidentified people, including Canadian civil servants, visited
- Arthur Mathews (the last known surviving Tesla assistant) on many
occasions and all wanted details of Tesla's original equipment.
Nikola Tesla was one of the great pioneers of electrical phenomena,
believed by many people to be the greatest electrical engineer that
ever lived. In the summer of 1899 Nikola Tesla set up an experimental
laboratory near Colorado Springs where th proceeded to conduct some
rather amazing experiments.. Tesla said "...this planet, despite its
vast extent, behaves like a conductor of limited dimensions.
The
tremendous significance of this fact in the transmission of energy in
my system had already become quite clear to me. Not only is it possible
to send telegraphic messages to andy distance without wires, as I
recognized long ago, but also to impress on the entire globe the faint
modulation of the human voice. Far more significant is the ability to
transmit power in unlimited amounts to almost any terrestrial distance
and almost without loss." To prove his point Tesla lit a bank of 200
carbon filament lamps consuming about 10 kilowatts, 26 miles from the
experimental station, without any physical connection between them; -
something that has never since been repeated. -The whole experiment was
officially witnessed and recorded under the auspices of Fritz
Lowenstein. An illustration of the equipment with which this was
accomplished is attached to this memorandum. [illustration om,tted].

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2948, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3 -
Mr. Tesla did a number of other things with this equipment. He
produced ertificial lightning measured at 12 1/2 million volts, -until
very recently the highest man-made voltages ever recorded. He also
measured the standing waves that were produced in the earth by his
equipment. " His prime intention so he told the media was "sending a
telegram fron Pikes Peak to Paris". It is quite élear from some of the
records that had been handed down that he was experimenting with long
distance wireless communication and the wireless transmission of power
from one point to another.
Tesla also studied fire balls produced
during lightning storms and produced them artiflcially.
These are
homogenous, self-sustained spheres of ionic plasma.
These exhibit nost
of the desireble plasma characteristics that ere sought in order to
generate fusion power.
The Soviet delegate indicated that duplication and development of
Tesla's original work was being undertaken inside the Soviet.
In the early 1960's Robert Uffen a geophysicist at Queen's
University showed fairly conclusively that long-term worldwide climatic
changes coincided with changes in the earth's magnetic field. This was
taken up in a number of Universities. At Columbia University, the Lamont
Doherty geological observatory found that when the intensity of the
magnetic field decreased the average temperatures decreased and vice-versa.
Dr. J.H. king of the Appleton Laboratory in the United Kingdom published
in the January 18th, 1974 issue of NATURE a paper which shows the link
between the pattern of the magnetic field of our planet over the northern
hemisphere and the pattern of the contour lines of atmospheric pressure.
Both patterns have a double "pole" like a dumbell and the dumbell shape
is aligned in much the same way for both pressure and magnetic distrbutions.
In meteorological terms the centers of low pressure that dominate
_ northern hemisphere circulation coincide with the centers of greatest
magnetic intensity. A great deal of evidence has been forthcoming to
show that there is a very close corelation between weather and the earth's
nagnetic field and that variations in the magnetic field, particularly
those variations caused by the eleven year sun spot cycle, have a
direct effect upon the weather on this planet.
After the Russians had been producing their very high powered, low
pulsed, long standing waves, meteorological reports coming in to the
National Centre of Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado showed
that a blocking mechanism was in effect along the
west coast of North
America, Another was located on the east coast and a third was located
in Europe running north and south along the Polish/Russian border,
extending up into Finland and down into Romania. These blocking mechanisms
lasted an unusual length of time, too long to be considered due to natural
causes, and at the time there was no explanation for them, - rational or
otherwise.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2770, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Simultaneously with these meteorological blocking mechanisms, very
large standing electromagnetic waves were detected which geographically
coincided with them. These waves contained an enormous amount of
electrical excitation, enough according to some experts, to deflect the
normal trade winds.
While they lasted there was abnormal cold weather in
the United States and Canada, with snow in Miani and floods and weather
chaos in western Europe. After they were gone there was a very bed
drought in the western part of the United States.
The military forces of the United States, directed from the Pentagon,
use spy satellites to monitor Russian military activities.
Amongst
many other things they monitor the disposition of Soviet submarines
around the globe. This is accomplished by detecting the very low
frequency radiation produced by propellors of the submarines as they
revolve.
For some time the signals received by the spy satellites
for this purpose had been interrupted by some strange signals which the
Defense Chiefs were unable to identify until they were told of the
existence of these very low frequency standing waves being produced by
the Russians. They immediately checked and found that the signals they
were receiving were indeed from this source.
gigantic wall of charged particles, effectively acting as an electronic
screen against electromagnetic radiation and beams of charged particles.
In 1975 United States Air Fórce Major General George J. Keegan, who
until his recent retirement headed U.S.A.F. Intelligence activities passed
to William Colby, then head of the C.I.A. and to a number of its nuelear
scientific advisors, detailed information showing that the U.S.S.R. was
developing a charged-particle bean device designed to destroy United
states intercontinental submarine launched ballistie missile nuclear
warheads.
proportions that it is believed they are used as containers in which to
detonate nuclear devices which thereby provide sufficient energy to
drive the charged particle beams under development.
The energy from the
explosion is conducted over pressurized gaslines into giant capacitors
inside one end of a large thick-walled building. Along the 700-Ft. side
are located the electron injector gun and the collective accelerator. The
power is fed into them to produce a proton beam which is bent at an angle
by magnetic mirrors and propelled near the speed of light along drift
tubes running underground about a kilometer.
The drift tubes are evacuated
simulate operating the beam in space and are used only for bean
propogation testing.
There are five concentric mings constructed arcund
the building about five kilometers apart. At each 5 degree of are a
vertical sensor is placed to measure beam impact for beam tracking.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3207, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[unsent]
Even if this arrangement is successful in producing an effective
electrical bean of charged particles sufficient to destroy an incoming
ballistic missile, the whole thing is too cumbersone and clumsy for
operational use.
The amount of pover is enormous and does not justify
the end result,
The dangers in operating something energized by nuclear
detonation is enormous:
At Azgir in Kazakhstan near the Caspian See,
the Soviets have built a powerful fusion pulsed magnetohydrodynamic
generator as a possible alternative as a power supply for a charged
particle beam systen, Experiments took place last year in an under-
ground chamber in an area of natural salt dome formations in the desert
and was monitored by the United States early warning satellite stationed
over the Indian Ocean. However, even this device would be too cluns;
for actual operational use.
If Tesle was right about his apparatus being able to produce an
electronic bean or wall of charged particles then this would be a far more
suitable device for operational use, On a relative scale the equipment is
very simple, the power input is much smaller and the system operates
on basic principles and not by brute force, which is what the Semipalatinsk
and Azgir operations are attempting. Members of the Soviet scientific
delegation to canada did say that the experiments on Tesla's work was
directed towards producing a death-ray and a wall of charged particles.
In 1915 Wikola Tesla published the work in which he described some
150 applications of his apparatus.
The basic mode of operation of most
of the applications is based on making the earth an electronic resonator,
- stimulating the inner molten core of the earth (which in it's convection
motion acts as an electrical generator thereby producing the earth's magneti fie
core into giving out more energy than is normally produced, and to do this
Measurements made
by the monitoring stations of the Canadian Government's Department of
Communications have verified that there is more energy coming out of the
North Pole than the South Pole when the Russian experiments are in
progress.
In 1976 there was considerable publicity given to reports that
the Russians had managed to aim a laser at some United States spy
satellites and blinded them. Initially these reports were denied by
the Department of Defense.
Later the Pentagon admitted that the
satellites had been blinded, but blamed it on the existence of unusuel
Flares from disrupted gas pipelines within the Soviet Union. This was
considered a far-fetched excuse.
In more recent statements theDefense
Secretary,
harold Brown, has admitted that two satellites had been
destroyed,
but this cannot be confirmed.
If the Russians have been able to produce Tesla's "death-ray",
there can be little doubt that they are also developing Tesla's "wall
of charged particles". Success in this endeavour has frightening
START +
Bustet] The energy to keep the maltew cone molten is believed to
be due to radio-active materiel in the heard of Macore.) CAusIne
it to generate and que out mone energy than it recriver.
The incoming hagnetic radiation sets or a trugger or catalyst
to stimulate De eceflis Ego to insetaboule "CoRe--

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2286, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
implications.
A curtain of such particles around Moscow or any other big
city would shield against any missile attack. It is in this regard
that the choice of Riga and Gomel as sites for Tesla transmitters is
significant. Curtains of charged particles thrown up from these two
locations could, between them, intercept any missiles dispatched by
One additional installation located
somewhere on a line between Moscow and Murmansk could intercept any
missile fired against Moscow from the contiguous states of the U.S. A•
Once the technology is thoroughly mastered the Russians could quickly
defend all its major cities and major military installations, since in
relative terms compared to other major defense projects, such as its
naval power, the industrial and finaneial resources required would be
modest. The military and strategic implications of this possibility
can be readily appreciated.
Three items associated with the SALT negotiations are significant
and inter-related.
(1)
It is almost certain that it was the overwhelming
desire of the Soviet authorities in 1976 to have
To
achieve this they instituted a crash program of
developnent and were prepared to risk interruptions
of worldwide communications and detection of their
experiments and thereby disclosure of their objec-
tives to the western powers. The ends justified
the means,
(2)
As part of this crash program, the Soviet scientists
. set up much larger more powerful standing waves,
boosting the power to 40 million kilowatts producing
whet they calculated to be the optimum resonant
frequency transnitted of 7 pulses per minute.
The
result was enormous standing waves of an amplitude
far greater than they hed calculated. So large in
fact that they were thoroughly frightened and shut
down the equipment. Under normal circunstances
when power is removed from standing waves in a
resonant circuit they normally dissipate in what is
termed a "damped oscillation", with the wave
amplitude decreasing exponentially with each
completed cycle and in a relatively short time they
are dissipated altogether.
However in this case
this did not occur and the standing waves main-
tained almost their full amplitude. Thoroughly
alarmed, - in fact their subsequent actions shew
that they were undeniably "scared stiff" - the

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2180, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 7 -
(3)
Soviets started radiating intense bursts of high
frequency power in effor
to disseminate these
waves and make them fade away. These waves en-
circled the entire globe, bouncing off each other
when they met.
Many experts believe that the
earthquake in the Indian Ocean which meesured
9.1 on the Richter scale, -the biggest earth-
quake in the history of mankind- was caused by
two of these waves which collided at that point
at that time, late in Auqust 1977. There were
two otner major earthquakes that coincided with
these Soviet made standing waves colliding, one,
-near Samoa and the other near the Solomon Islands.
It may be coincidence but these earthquakes
marked the end of these standing waves which the
Soviets had been unable to control.
During the SALT re-negotlations the Soviets nost
uncharacteristically and very suddenly requested
that the clauses that banned the use of artificial
manipulation of weather patterns as a means of
waging war be modified to include very specifically
the use of electrical means of stimulating and
modifying global and local weather patterns.
In
making this request the Soviets were stepping
completely out of line
with their normal known
methods of negotiation.
On May the 18th, 1977
with what appeared to be imprudent haste, the
Soviet Government signed an agreement with the
United States and 29 other countries promising
never to attack each other by starting man-made
storms, earthquakes or tidal waves. The date is
significant because at that time the Soviets were
desperately trying to disperse their standing
waves by converting their transmitter at Riga and
Gomel to send out giant pulses of very high
frequency energy.
There was no apparent success
and the waves continued on throughout May and into
June, only ending when the three giant earthquakes
_ occurred.
These three items when reviewed in context are obviously inter-related.
For every physical object in the universe there is some frequency at
which, if it is mechanically vibrated, it will resonate and the energy
imparted at each cycle will accumulate and the amplitude of vibration
will increase until the object breaks or shatters. It so happens that

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 3032, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the resonant frequency for very large crude carrier vessels (the giant
oil tankers) lies within the range of frequencies used by the Soviets to
create these giant standing waves. Experts on both sided of the iron
curtain now strongly suspect that these standing waves could cause such
large ships, if caught in an area where the waves are being propagated,
to break apart. More precisely, - investigations now underwey are trying
to determine whether some recent mishaps were so caused,
Among the 150 different applications outlined by Nikola Tesla, were
the worldwide transmission of speech; the worldwide tranmission. of
telegraph; the tranmission of electrical power over great distances;
the generation of death-pays; the generation of a curtain of charged
Surprising as these may seen in their wide range, even more anazing is
the claim by Tesla that any number of these phenomena could be achieved
simultaneously and independently with one single equipment installation.
If true it represents something close to the ultimate in economic
cost effectiveness.
In addition to all the fregoing, for more than 40 years reports have
been written, experiments have been conducted and observations recorded,
on the effects of electrical fields upon the mental faculties of human
beings, It is well known that strong pulsating electrical fields pulsing
within the frequency range of the alpha and/or beta rythms of the hümer
brain can interfere with the physiolegical functioning of the mind and
produce_devastating psychological effects in most people. Based on
these observations there has been considerable serious investigation of
the use of powerful radio transmissions as a mass psychological weapon
in the arsenals of modern warfare. A Pentagon Defense Intelligeney
Agency classified report, parts of which have been released into the
public domain, states that Soviet researchers have found that people
exposed to low-level microwave radiation"experience more neurological
cardiovascular and hemodynamic disturbances than do their unexposed
counterparts". According to this report scientists from the Soviet
Union know a lot about the biological effects of low-level microwave
radiation, knowledge from which can be derived methods for causing
disoriented human behavior, nerve disorders or even heart attacks.
The White House Office of Telecormonications. Policy has been intensely +
pursuing similar studies but very few results have been reported to date.
The Pentagon Defense Intelligence Agency report defines a malady known as
"Microwave Hearing", in which sounds and possibly words appeer to be
originating_intracranially, induced by signel modulation at very low
average power densities. Combinations of frequencies and other signal
characteristics to produce other neurological effects may be feasible in
several years, states the D.I.A. report.
The Soviets have also studied
changes in body chemistry and brain function including beant seizure
from microwave radiation. The latter has been acconplished experimentally

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 3107, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 9. -
in frogs by Soviet scientists who synchronized pulses of microwave signal
with the aninal's heart beat, beaming the radiation at the frog's chest.
The relationship between these experiments and the Soviet practice of
bombarding the United
States' Moscow Embassy with low-level microwave
radiation is obvious.
The situation however is not as one-sided as this report may
indicate, The Governments of the western powers are fully aware of
the Soviet operations and the interpreation that can be put upon them.
In the United States the Defense Department has been trying to develop
a deeth ray for more than a decade (as was reported in our report on
nuclear fusion, February 1975). The main work occurs at the Defense
Department's laser weapons development group at Kirkland Air Force
Base in Albuquerque, in New Mexico, and is known by the code name
Eighth Card, operated under the aegis of the Defense Advance_Research
Projects Agency. For a long time they struggled with lasers and more
latterly with beams of charged particles, making very slow progress,
following a "brute force" approach. In the last 18 months considerable
advances have been made and significant results achieved. Since the
disclosure that the Soviet scientists are developing electron beam
weapons for use in outer space for the purpose of destroying enemy
satellites and incoming missiles, the Pentagon has admitted that they
have ongoing programs for the development of electron beam weapons.
The wide range of laser based weapons are under development for a
wide variety of uses by all three departments of the military- They
range from infantry guns to blind, enemy personnel, through laser
guided bombs and missiles to heavy duty naval weapons, anti-missile
defense systems and satellite killer weapons for use in outer space.
The technology of using charged particles, either beams or curtains,
-is nowhere near as advanced.
The general consensus of opinion at the
present time is that the Soviets have a tremendous lead in the development
of actual lasers and charged particle high energy technology. Their
hardware devices have much higher performance and greater power
densities than their United States equivalents. On the other hand the
western powers have a much better grasp of the technology for using
these devices once they are developed. The technology and the hardware
for deploying these weapons, aiming, firing and controlling them are
much more highly developed than in the Soviet Union.
Heither have the works of Nikola Tesla been ignored in the United
States.
The Pentagon has been interested in some of the phenomena that
Tesla described and have subscribed to experiments and development work
based thereon. One of these is a contract with Golka Associates,
Brockton, Massachussets.
This company was founded by Robert A. bolka,
a man who has been intensely interested in and studied extensively,
the works and theories of Nikola Tesla. Under this contract, in an
Air Force hangar at Wendover, Utah, Robert Golka has constructed his
modern equivalent of Tesla's experimental apparatus. His approach has

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1592, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
not been to duplicate exactly Tesla's equipment and experiments, but to
interpert them in terms of modern knowledge and modern materials,
believing that in this way a quantum jump can be nade to a point one
stage further than Tesla actually achieved. His results have been
outstanding, but, say the skeptics, unlikely to uncover the fundamental
basic laws which only Tesla knew and took with him to the grave.
In summary, although the foregoing does not cover the whole story
(all the available information would fill a full novel size book and
is writing such a book for publication in June next year),
there is obviously a prima facie case for alarm on the part of the
western powers.
If the developnents envisaged here are in any way
feasible, extrapolation from present knowledge to forecast what may be
happening within the next few years leads to the conclusion that the
threat of mutual annihilation as a deterrent to nuclear warfare may
no longer be a viable policy and the danger of a nuclear holocaust
Addendum: - It should be noted that there are many other
explanations for the weather behavior discussed
in this memorandun.
Some of them are based on
established disciplines and more solid data than
the electromagnetic wave theory but none are
completely watertight. For the earthquakes, at
Least one other theory has higher acceptance
than that implied here, -the theory of tectonic
plate movements.
But new knowledge always
modifies old ideas. It must be borne in mind
that the Key to Progress is an open mind and
so far no single theory for these phenomena
has veen verified.
