{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-08T19:08:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 20, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 16586218, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304332701136037, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125375-cejka-manina-gas-of-tachyon-magnetoelectric-dipoles-freeman-w-cope.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541123360000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125375-cejka-manina-gas-of-tachyon-magnetoelectric-dipoles-freeman-w-cope.pdf", "source_sha256": "17d3dc812c5c61cf9d8f77a74a1d27eee7f6c76bb16cfa204261ab3d5bfc8d58"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1855, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V. HARVALIE
the fre-
tsiẠạibid, 13,
gnetic radia-
1iỊạibid, 14,
1976)
¡lungen auf
71. Ds., 11.
5 (1973).
9 (1969).
riderstandes
ngsvorrich-
r 14. 1978)
D<S
Physiol. Chem. d: Physics 10(1978)
задо
Ear
A NEW HYPOTHESIS. PART I. A SUMMARY OF SOME
REAL BUT UNEXPLAINED BIOCOSMIC PHENOMENA
FREEMAN W. COPE
Biochemistry Laboratory, Naval Air Development Center, Warminster, Pennsylvania 18974
• Various biocosmic phenomena have been reported which are probably real
but are not explained by present scientific theories. These inciude (A) diurnal
cycles in antipen-antibody reactions at magnetic electrodes, (B) solar radiation
of unknown type detectable by sensitive persons, absorbed by metal plates, con
grid lines parallel to lines of lotitude and longitude detectable by sensitive persons
phenomena are summarized here in preparation for the development of a physi-
cal theory to explain them, which is presented in two accompanying papers.
1. INTRODUCTION
Various biological-cosmic phenomena have been reported which are probably
real but are not explained by present theories of physics, chemistry, biology, or
Trained scientists have mostly ignored these phenomena because they did not fit
modern physics provided one new hypothesis is added, a hypothesis to the effect
that man lives within a gas of electromagnetic (EH) dipoles. In other words, it is
proposed that in the universe around us exist a large number of particles each of
which is both an electric and a magnetic dipole. Each EH-dipole is assumed capable
of dissociation under certain conditions into a pair of separate EH-monopoles (i.e.,
monopoles are tachyons; i.e., they have velocities faster than light. Because the EH-
monopoles will usually not be observable experimentally. The behavior of the EH-
probable behavior of tachyons (the existence of which has not yet been demonstrated

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 990, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. W. COPE
536
P. W. COPE
theoretical physics beyond relativity.
The present paper, first in a series of three, will summarize some biocosmic
acted with
the sun ar
radiation
as are various physical concepts necessary for the construction and evaluation of a
discussion of its predictions and correlations with observed phenomena.
are observable by certain persons (dowsers) but not by conventional magnetic or
electric detectors.
II. DESCRIPTIONS OF REAL BUT UNEXPLAINED
BIOCOSMIC PHENOMENA
Radiation
this study to use magnetized electrodes made of ferromagnetic metals (usually nickel),
a set of unexpected phenomena was observed. Rothen? found that the magnitude
further!* (as documented by a large number of experiments) that the magnetic
which the experiment was conducted (diurnal eycles). The diurnal cycles persisted
in which his electrodes were shielded by various thicknesses of various metals. From
the complex patter of results, he concluded that the observed data could only be

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1725, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. W, COPE
537
radiation were different in their susceptibility to absorption by different kinds of
metal shields.
(B) Solar Rays Detectable-by Man, Absorbable by Metal Plates, and Conductable
by Wires
Von Reichenbach concluded that certain sensitive people, most of them seriously
ill (e.g., with advanced tuberculosis) but also a few completely healthy, could
absorbed by metal plates and conducted along metal wires. Conduction was not
by any physical measuring instrument known to von Reichenbach.
Human Health
Wilhelm Reich,! using man and animals as detectors, reported the existence of
covered with cellulose (c.g., with wood), and it could be collected in metal funnels
places where sunlight could not penetrate. However, it apparently came from the
sun because its intensity followed a diurnal cycle, increasing gradually from sunrise,
creased on cloudy days, presumably indicating that it was absorbed or reflected by
water in clouds. This radiation made itself known by producing a feeling of well-
being or of tension in many human subjects and by suppression of growth of cancer
in man and animals.
(D) Colored Clouds (Auras) Around Magnets and Persons
Von Reichenbach! reported that some sick people and a few healthy people
could see light around bar magnets. Von Reichenbach himself, and most healthy
people tested by him, could not see these auras. The magnet auras were perceived to
Kilner. Images of magnet light were transmitted through glass lenses according
to the same rules as ordinary visible light, '° The magnet light was weakly detectable
by photography, according to von Reichenbach.!° Kilner! and Bagnall's reported
extensive observations of auras around persons. The auras appeared as "clouds'

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 2045, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
538
F. W. COPE
investigators to see the human auras was enhanced (1) by experience, (2) by look-
ing through solutions of certain colored dyes, and (3) by staring immediately prior
color and morphology of the human auras were altered in a regular manner by the
by electric charge on the subject as well as by proximity to magnets, 1 and disappeared
after death. Kilner' and Bagnal!"s concluded that human auras were consistently
investigators were not able to identify the cause of the auras in terms of any physical
or chemical process known to them.
(E) Dowser Grid Lines Around the Earth
The dowser (the person who can find underground water with a forked stick or the
cannot. Harvalik"s reports that dowsers can perceive a grid of lines like walls
latitude and longitude, and extend out from the surface of the carth along radii from
and Europe by various dowsers.!* In Virginia, the north-south lines are approxi-
and separated by 1.7 m.*. Over a 3-year period of observation in Virginia, the
lines did not move; i.e., they remained in constant position relative to the surface
same position with a variation of only 5 to 10 cm.14,2 The lines detected by the
dowsers could not be detected by a fluxgate magnetometer (sensitivity = 10-8 G),
by a cesium magnetometer (sensitivity = 10-1 G), by an electric field strength
meter, or by an air ion detector.'s It was observed, however, in the twilight, that
flying insects gathered in little swarms at crossing points in the grid lattice.! There-
fore it seems that insects, like human dowsers, possess a biological detector for these
grid lines, which have not been detected by any man-made instrument for measur-
ing magnetic or electric fields.
BIOCOSMIC PHENOMENA
For convenience, the observations just described can be grouped into three
categories:
with antigen-antibody systems at magnetic electrodes, and with sensitive people
(usually sick people), and is absorbed by metal plates, collected by metal funnels,
F. W. COPE
3.
4.
7.
8.
facc
imı
ibi
log
ma
(19
can
at a
liqu:
Res
state
Chr

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 2179, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
W. COPE
dark; a
of these
by look-
tely prior
yes. The
or by the
as altered
appeared
insistently
es. These
physical
lick or the
struments
ike walliẠi
e lines of
radii from
• America
• approxi-
em wide
ginia, the
•ic surface
and in the
led by the
10-° G),
ad strength
flight, that
e 1ª There-
or for these
pr measur-
NED
in10 three
chich reacts
fIve pcople
Mal funnels,
F. W. COPE
539
and metal tubes. This radiation behaves differently from any known electromagnetic
field or wave and differs from any known particle in nuclear or cosmic radiation.
2. A cloud of something exists around bar magnets and people, which can be
seen by certain sensitive people, and can be made visible to more people with the
aid of certain dyes.
3. Grid lines approximately one to two meters apart over the surface of the
earth exist, and are consistently detectable by sensitive persons (dowsers) and
probably by insects. These lines are approximately parallel to the lines of latitude
detectable by magnetic field measuring instruments of high sensitivity, by electric
field meters, or by air ion meters.
IV. CONCLUSION
present chemical, biological, or psychological knowledge. It is the purpose of the
next two papers of this series to provide the missing explanation.
This work was supported in part by Office of Naval Research Contract NR207-022.
REFERENCES
3.
face." Helv. Chim. Acta, 4, 1208 (1971).
immunoelectroadsorption assayiPhysiol. Chem. Phys., 4, 61 (1972).
Immunologic and enzymatic reactions carried out at a solid-liquid interface,
ibid, 3, 243 (1973).
logic reactions at a liquid-solid interfaceiBiophys. J., 14, 987 (1974).
matic reactions carried out at a solid-liquid interfacei Physiol. Chem. Phys., 6, 417
(1974).
A. Rothen, ạA 24-hour periodicity in the activity of a nickel-coated glass slide used for
carrying out immunologic reactions at a liquid-solid interfaceiibid. 7, 133 (1975).
at a liquid-solid interface.i Proc. Narl. Aced. Sci. USA, 72, 2462 (1975).
ạiA 24-hour periodicity in the course of immunologic reactions carried out at a
Res., 7, 173 (1976).
-. "Influence of metallic shields on presumably cosmic radiation affecting the physical
Chem. Phys., in press.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 635, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
10.

K. von Reichenbach, Researcher on Moagnetisen, Electricity, Heat, Ligh!, Crystallization
and Chemicel Attrection in Relation to the Vitel Force, University Books, Secaucus,
New Jersey, 1974.

W. Reich, The Cancer Biopethy, Farrar, Strauss and Giroux, New York, 1973.

. O. Bagnall, The Origin and Properties of the Human Auro, Samue) Weiser, New York,

1973,

. WI. Kilner, The Aure, Samuel Weiser, New York 1973

Z. V. Harvalik and W. de Boer, “The universal grid,” Am. Dowser, 18, 56 (1978); pub-
lished by American Sociely of Dowsers. Danville. Vermont

. ZY. Harvalik, unpublished observations.

(Received November 15, 1978)

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 165, "chars": 1137, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPE
Ization
saucus.
York.
f pub
1978)
Physiol. Chem. & Physics 10(1978)
541
MAN IN A GAS OF TACHYON MAGNETOELECTRIC DIPOLES-
FREEMAN W. COPE
were summarized. In the present paper, these observations are shown probably
cautions of design and conduct of the experiments were taken. In the theory
developed in the third paper in this series to explath the biocosmic phenomena
However
a few concepts from advanced theoretical physics are also used;
namely, tachyons, magnetic monopoles, and magnetic dipoles. These concepts
are described briefly in this paper.
1. THE PROBLEM
first paper of this series.' No scientifically plausible explanation of these phenomena
now exists.
II. PURPOSE
I aim to explain the described phenomena within the framework of known physical
laws, with a minimum of new hypotheses, with a minimum of extrapolation into
frontier areas of physics where uncertainties exist.
No mysticism is to be used.
I aim to stay as close to experiment as possible, and as close to easily visualizable
physical concepts as possible.
III. THE APPROACH
magnetic fields and particles conforming to Maxwell theory). However, concepts

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1711, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
542
P. W. COPE
drawn from the advanced (and speculative) field of tachyon and magnetic monopole
theory will also be used when necessary.
IV. COMMENTS REGARDING RELIABILITY OF DATA
(A) Use of Man as a Detector
Man was used as the detector in most of the biocosmic experiments described in
the previous paper.! This may serve as an excuse for scientists (except perhaps
psychologists) to shy away and call the data unreliable. I believe that such be-
and therefore should not be allowed to cast doubt on the validity of the data.
There is plenty of precedent from the earlier days of experimental physics and
chemistry for the use of man as a detector. In the physics of optics, and in classical
light in the days before availability of photocells.
errors in addition to those encountered when physical or chemical devices are used
These extra difficulties, however, may he dealt with in a satisfactory manner by
certain precautions of experimental technique and design, many of which are of a
common-sense nature.
Modern experimental psychologists have devoted much effort to the evaluation
simple statisties or even by common sense. Therefore 1 believe there is no reason
(B) Reliability of the Observers
monly considered to lie within the realm of mysticism and are ignored by scientists.
supernatural, or the preternatural as a framework for interpretation of their observa-
tions. In the present papers, I have ignored all such dubious reports. I have used
and experience and used good common sense and scientifically acceptable methods
F. W.
of ol
vesti,
nical
Telle
2.
heer
Nou
phys
by s
plys
and
that
man
relia
and
othe
mac
prec
4
trap
psyr
lang
des:
whic
that
of t
psyc
obs
edg
sure
5
of :
Uni
V.
M
mech

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1488, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
W. COPE
pnopole
tribed in
perhaps
such be-
a custom
pics and
# classical
Rector of
ales and
are used.
anner by
are of a
evaluation
with man
ental data
ater when
ese errors
blished by
no reason
that the
ae and to
mas series.
g reliable.
are com-
scientists.
inenomena
pcism, the
a observa-
have used
training
methods
F. W. COPE
543
vestigators whose data 1 quote:
1. Rothen (solar magnetic radiation deduced from magnetoelectroimmunolog-
ical measurements) is a recently retired immunologist of long experience at Rocke-
feller University.
2. Harvalik (dowsing grid lines) has a Ph.D. in physical chemistry, and has
Now retired, he is continuing his lifelong hobby: the experimental study of the
physics of dowsing.
physics and chemistry of his day (circa 1850) including electromagnetic theory,
precautions that a modern experimental psychologist would take.
4
Wilhelm Reich (new type of solar radiation affecting man, and which can be
language (picturesque and intangible) typical of psychiatrists for the analysis and
of human behavior, which a good psychiatrist must be. Stripped of the colorful
surements were amateurish. Therefore 1 have ignored them in my summary.
5. Kilner (auras) was a London physician and director of the X-ray department
of St. Thomas' hospital. Bagnall (auras) had a degree in science from Cambridge
University.
V. COMMENTS ON ASPECTS OF ADVANCED THEORETICAL PHYSICS
USED IN THE THEORY
Magnetic monopoles. Their existence was predicted by Dirac? from quantum

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2294, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
544
F. W. COPE
cosmic radiation. They have been widely sought by various experimental methods
but have not been found,** with a single controversial exception.*" A recent
search for magnetic charge on solids using a Josephson junction magnetometer of
extremely high sensitivity gave negative resultsạẠạMagnetic monopoles have re-
cently received renewed attention from theoretical physicists interested in tachyons's
(see below).
Magnetic dipoles. Their existence has been predicted theoretically and some of
their properties predicted and analyzed by Schwinger!+ 11 and also by Zwicker,2933
(for reviews, see refs. 12 and 23). Schwinger, believes that a magnetic dipole
should also be an electric dipole, with electric charges on the two halves. Magnetic
search for them has been made.
Tachyons. A tachyon is defined as a particle with a velocity greater than light
(ref. 13, p. 7). Einstein's special and general theories of relativity superficially
seem to forbid their existence, because mass → * as velocity → c (light). Never-
have concluded that the velocity of light is merely a singular point in relativity
of particles with velocities on the other side of that singular point (ref. 13, p. 1).
Indeed, there is a dietum in physics which states that anything which is not specif-
ically forbidden must exist (ref. 13, p. 8). Therefore physicists! have concerned
themselves with developing theories of the properties of tachyons.
No tachyons have yet been detected experimentally, although some serious at-
tempts to do so have been made. Theoretical physicists, however, are continuing
their studies in expectation of both theoretical and experimental gains. Tachyon
particles, it is theorized, may have magnetic and/or electric charge." Tachyon
theory is closely linked to magnetic monopole theory.
VI. A SUMMARY OF THE PLAN OF THE NEXT (THIRD) PAPER
It will be shown that the probably real but unexplained biocosmic phenomena
from the hypothesis that we are surrounded by a gas of (electromagnetic) EH-dipoles,
each of which may (under special conditions) dissociate into a pair of EH-mono-
poles, and some of which are tachyons (i.e., they travel faster than light), and which
may be emitted by the sun.
This work was supported in part by Office of Naval Research Contract NR207-022

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 1407, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ethods
recent
ster of
Bons!a
ame of
137,20.22
- dipole
lagnetic
careful
an light
erficially
Never-
austively
relativity
existence
p. p. 1).
it specif-
oncerned
rous at-
Ontinuing
Tachyon
Tachyon
ER
menomena
ed manner
H-dipoles,
EH-mono-
and which
F. W. COPE
545
REFERENCES
70. 535 (1978
2. P. A. M. Dirac, Quantized singularities in the electromagnetic field, Proc. R. Soc. (Lond.),
4133, 60(1931).
Cimento, 16, 958 (1960).
monopoles of cosmic ray origin." Phys. Rev., 132, 387 (1963).
Dirac magnetic polesiạiibid. 177, 2029 (1969).
1285 (1971).
8. L. M. Barkov. et al.
Search for Dirac monopoles in the 70 BeV proton synchrotron,
Sov. Phys. JETP, 34, 917 (1972).
17 (1975).
(1975).
1975.
1978.
regions and several related experimentiại Ph.D. Thesis, Stanford University, California,
16
17.
18
19
20.
21.
22
"Electric and magnetie charge renormalization. L," ¡bid, 151, 1048.
"II." ibid. 1055.
"Sources and magnetic charge." (bid, 173, 1536 (1968).
*A magnetic model of matter," Science, 165, 757 (1969).
-, *Dyons versus quarks," ibid, 166, 690
Phys. Rev. D:3, 880 (1971)
, *Angular distributions and a selection rule in charge-pole reactions," ibid, 6,
458 (1972).
chargesiại Phys. Rev., 176, 1480 (1968).
23. E. Farrari, "Formulations of electrodynamics with magnetic monopoles,* see ref 13.
24. H. Hinni and E. Hugentoble:. "Tachyons and experimental physics," see ref. 13.
(Received November 15, 1978)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 1062, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Physiol. Chem. & Physics 10(1978)
547
A NEW HYPOTHESIS. PART III. DEVELOPMENT OF THE
PHYSICS OF THE THEORY, AND EXPERIMENTAL CORRELATIONS:
COSMIC RADIATION DETECTABLE BY MAN, AURAS OF
MAGNETS AND MAN, DOWSERS GRID LINES OF EARTH,
WAVES WITH MAN, INTERACTIONS WITH SOLIDS, AND
CALCULATION OF MAGNETIC MOMENT
FREEMAN W. COPE
• A theory is developed to explain the probably real biocosmic phenomena
are surrounded by a gas of dipoles which are hoth electric (E) and magnetic (H)
ments is given of the magnetic moment of a possible EH-dipole (1.4 X 10-1
Bahr magnetons).
A PARTICULAR CHOICE
How can we explain the diverse biocosmic phenomena listed in the preceding
two papers!? from a single hypothesis or single set of hypotheses?
Let us start with the idea that we have a new unknown something (particle or
Rothen's magnetic electrode experiments (9 references summarized in ref. 1)
marized in ref. 2).
However, a magnetic (H) dipole has not been ruled out. True, an H-dipole has
hand, theoretical predictions of an H-dipole definitely have been made (summarized

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 765, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
548
F. W. COPE
-
H-dipoles, which are pulled into regions of high magnetic feld gradient; e.g., regions
near magnet surfaces.
dipoles should collect there.
with current frontier theoretical physical thought (summarized in ref. 2).
dissimilar materials, then, an E, might exist which is different from the sum of the
tion (diode effect). Because of this effeet, a box made of two layers of dissimilar
in ref. 1).
Although in most situations one would expect our hypothetical EH-dipole to hold
would no longer be true; i.e., where one EH-dipole might come apart into a pair of
EH-monopoles. In a strong magnetic field (e.g., inside the carth), a fast-moving EH-
time and detectable by humans (dowsers' grid lines).
separately and in greater detail.
III. A
DIENT
Ther

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 1961, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EW: COPE
is to col-
leed have
fu regions
man body
-dipole is
gradients.
round the
refore E-
E-dipole.
I and op-
• have al-
pinger be-
agreement
mould pass
Wher: (sum-
might oc-
sween two
sum of the
ore casily
osite direc-
dissimilar
gunding gas
summarized
549
GRIDS DETECTABLE BY DOWSERS
When an EH-dipole moving with high velocity (v) enters the magnetic field in-
side the earth (B), the X B forces on the two eleciric charges on the two halves
of the dipole will be exerted in opposite directions because of the opposite signs of
the two charges. The result could be that the EH-dipole might be torn apart into
side the earth has a uniform value of B, then each of the two EH-monopoles should
earth because of the opposite H-charges on the two monopoles. Because a large
number of EH-dipoles may have become thus trapped during the long geological
time periods, the earth may contain a circulating cloud of many EH-dipoles in stable
cyclotron equation (Frank, ref. 3, p. 39)
(1)
where r is a radius of motion, m is monopole mass, *o is initial velocity, q is elec-
trie charge, and B is magnetic field inside the earth.
The intent of this section is to suggest an explanation of the grid lines over the
velocity of light). No tachyons have yet been observed experimentally, but students
oi: to hold
(H) between
where this
so a pair of
Roving EH-
rections to
then travel
n), If these
chi be stable
space and
EH-dipoles
F. W. COPE
tachyon velocity →∞. Hence a cloud of many tachyon EH-monopoles within the
earth in a stable average orbit might possibly give a summated unmoving grid-like
field or an H-field but a summated set of tachyon wave functions detectable by some
kind of quantum mechanism within the human body. Ordinary instruments for
measurement of E and H fields could not be expected to respond to this sort of
Physical phenomenon.®
DIENTS NEAR MAN AND MAGNETS (AURAS)
There is always a force of attraction of an E or H dipole toward a region of

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2118, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
550
P. W. COPE
high gradient of E or H respectively. The classical theory of this effect has been
given by Pohl.'→
Near the surface of a bat magnet is a large H-field gradient. Near the surface of
the body forms a discontinuity in the normal E-field pattern over the carth's sur-
man and magnets. These clouds of EH-dipoles may be the cause of the auras de-
concept is the observation that auras of man are altered by electric charge on the
man and by nearby magnets (ref. 9, p. 59).
IV. ACCUMULATION OF EH-DIPOLES NEAR METAL SURFACES
Under most conditions, an EH-dipole moving toward a thin electron-conductive
of the metal. Thereafter the EH-dipole should maintain approximately a path of
be surrounded by a cloud of them. Alternatively, if the rotational inertia of the EH-
face, after which no further change in linear motion of the dipole will occur.
a conductive metal surface will generate an increasing H-field in that surface. As
with a coil of wire (Lenz' law), a loop of electron current will be generated in the
conductive surface, generating another H-field opposing the change produced by
the moving H-charge and causing a force to repel-i.e., to slow down-the ap-
proaching H-charge. If the direction of approach of the H-charge is at any angle
surface, the axis of the loop and hence the direction of the H-vector generated will
make an angle other than zero with the path of the approaching H-charge. Hence
there will be a lateral component of force on the approaching H-charge, causing it
the H-charge velocity is parallel to the metal surface. Nevertheless, some charges
may be so fast initially that they will reach and enter the metal surface.
The foregoing description of a single H-charge should also apply to an EH-dipole.
second H-charge will merely subtract a component from the H-field generated at
the metal surface, except for the special case where the axis of the EH-dipole is,
will become zero and the dipole will continue its forward motion unchanged.
Corrections in the above theory must be made for relativistic effects if the EH-
F. W.COPE
dipole has
mass of th
second eas
finity.*

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2116, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
F. W. COPE
eet has been
the surface of
gradient where
se carth's sur
surface of both
the auras de-
tent with this
charge on the
FACES
ron-conductive
to the surface
tly a path of
ace if they are
should always
*tia of the EH-
the metal sur-
l occur,
ving toward
al surface. As
enerated in the
: produced by
down-the ap-
is at any angle
d within a thin
generated will
charge. Hence
arge, causing it
ace until all of
, some charges
acc.
› an EH-dipole.
presence of the
Id generated at
: EH-dipole is,
: on the dipole
changed.
ects if the EH-
F. W. COPE
551
mass of the particle will increase as velocity increases to the speed of light; in the
second case, the mass of the particle will decrease as velocity increases toward in-
finity.*
V. BEHAVIOR OF EH-DIPOLES WITHIN SOLIDS
(A) Ordinary Metals
As noted previously, if an EH-dipole has a sufficiently high initial velocity, the
motion and it will reach and enter the metal.
The i-loop generated in the metal during its approach will decay quickly because
i-loop, which will further slow the motion of the dipole. The i-loop should be mobile
within the metal. Hence it should be dragged along by the EH-dipole. In addition,
and atoms of the metal lattice. Thercfore the motion of a collection of EH-dipoles
within an ordinary metal could probably be described as diflusion of an EH-dipole
by von Reichenbach? (summarized in ref. 1).
Heat exchange of an EH-dipole with the atomic lattice should occur both by the
absorption of EH-dipoles should occur, as with absorption of gases.
(B) Superconductor Metals
miero H-field becomes too high, so that there is a micro "flux jump," after which
be a large energy for absorption of EH-dipoles into a superconductor and an
to i-loops, which would be mobile, so that motion of the dipoles should be like dif-
(C) Superconductive Organic and Biological Solids
Based on recent experimental evidence, primarily of Wolfio and Cope,15-18
various organic solids and living systems probably contain superconductive micro-
probably nor be mobile but could still be expected to trap EH-dipoles, which would
then also cease to be mobile.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1868, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
552
P. W. COPE
F. W. COP
Dipole Calculated
One might reasonably guess that EH-dipoles could under some conditions, be-
cause of their magnetic moments, become stuck to atomic nuclei or electrons,
which have magnetic moments. In living systems, 'H, "P, #Na, and K as well as
opinion that the results of such an interaction have already been observed experi-
Copel with K in cancer tissues. In cancer tissues, the EH-dipoles may also have
tain. * These T, NMR relaxation curves showed unusual oscillatory decay curves,
sion of EH-dipoles at low frequencies to produce periodic temporal microfluctua-
frequency modulation of the beat pattern in the NMR free induction decay should
quencies of Ty decay of approximately 100 Hz were observed. From this one
may calculate, in the usual manner of NMR calculation, that the EH-dipole should
have a magnetic moment of approximately 1.4 X 10-° Bohr magnetons (compare
ton or of an electron.
(E) Solids with High Internal Electrical or Magnetic Fields
Solids with high internal E-or H-fields commonly fall into one of two classes. The
first consists of solids either with markedly non-homogeneous high E-fields (such as
powdered crystals) or with non-homogeneous high H-fields (such as non-magne-
tized ferromagnetic metals which contain disordered micromagnetic domains). The
as large single crystals) or with homogeneous high H-fields such as magnetized fer-
romagnetics. The two classes may be expected to exert very different effects on EH-
dipoles, as follows:
trapped at the micro-gradients of field, so that materials of this first class should
not trapped, the linear motion should be converted to tumbling motion, so that the
magnetic waves (visible light?) which might be observable.
2. Homogeneous high fields. In materials of the second class, the effects seen for
VII. I
MAN
In t
supercr
cident
perturb
physiol
This

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1812, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
W. COPE
v1 EH-
ons, be-
lectrons,
asses. The
• (such as
wi-magne-
ains). The
elds (such
etized fer-
ts on EH-
end to be
lass should
w. Even if
so that the
it tumbling
(e) eleciro-
els seen for
P. W. COPE
553
However, the spatial field fuctuations and the lattice atoms will be in a regular,
ordered arrangement so that a coherent beam of EH-dipoles could produce a diffrac-
tion pattern, as with electrons. In addition, because of the regularity of field and
atomic structure, if the EH-dipoles should be tachyons (i.e., have velocitics faster
spacing like a diffraction pattern, then certain resonance interactions or standing
This might result in standing wave patterns of wave functions of tachyons at or near
Reichenbach" (summarized in ref. 1),
TIONS, LEADING TO ACCUMULATION IN BILAYER BOXES
marized in ref. 1).
As discussed in previous sections, we may expect EH-dipoles to be wholly or
and desorption energies as they enter or leave these various materials. By analogy
with our extensive knowledge of the behavior of electrons crossing junctions be-
tween dissimilar solids, we may expect EH-dipoles to encounter additional activa-
dipoles traveling in one direction than in the other. Hence we may expect bilayer
bilayer sheets might therefore operate as an EH-dipole accumulator, which would
explain some of the phenomena observed by Reich 22
MAN BUT ON EH-DIPOLES ABSORBED BY MAN
In the foregoing sections, it was indicated that EH-dipoles may be trapped in
superconductive micro-regions in man. If this is so, electromagnetic radiation in-
cident on man from outside might perturb those trapped EH-dipoles, which might
perturb the molecular structure in which trapped, and by this mechanism produce
physiological effects.
This opens up a completely new possible mechanism for interaction of electro-

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1990, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
554
F. W. COPE
magnetic radiation with man, in addition to direct mechanisms ordinarily considered.
If this new mechanism is operative, the effect of placing the man within a metal
shield takes on an entirely new signifiance. It had previously been taken for granted
that the effect of placing man inside a shielded room was the prevention of inter-
then the significance of placing man inside a metal shield is that it may decrease (or
change the intensity of electromagnetic interactions mediated via them.
There are experimental observations that placing man within a shielded room
significantly changes the reaction of man to electromagnetic radiation.? Shields of
the body, both by absorbing EH-dipoles from the sun before they reach the body or
by concentrating the EH-dipoles inside if the shields are bilayer (diode effeet). In
addition, metal shields may eliminate the de electric field of the earth, so that there
is no longer a gradient of electric field at the surface of the body to attract clouds of
EH-dipoles, which otherwise could not be absorbed by the body.
In addition, there is experimental evidence that metal shields in the absence of
tion of electromagnetic waves of the earth. 24-24 We may now, however, consider the
centrations of EH-dipoles in the man.
REFERENCES
535 (1978).
-, "Part II. Introduction to the theory, ibid, 541.
3. N. H. Frank, Introduction to Electricity and Optics, McGraw-Hill, New York, 1940.
1978.
3. H. C. Corben, "Electromagnetic and hadronic properties of tachyons." see ref. 4.
6.
-. private communication.
7. H. A. Pohl, "The motion and precipitation of suspensoids in divergent electric fields,-
J. Appl. Phys., 22, 869 (1951).
8.
9.
"Some effects of nonuniform fields on dielectrics," ¡bid, 29, 1182 (1958).
• "Biophysical aspects of dielectrophoresis,* J. Biol. Phys., 1, 1 (1973).
1975.
sysiemsiAdv. Cryog. Eng., 17, 109 (1972),
P. W.C
12. A.
13. -
14. -
15. A
16. F
17. -
18. -
19. -
20. R
21. F
22. K
23. 1
24. V
25. :
26. -
27. -

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 1011, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the con-
I. A sum-
Phys., 10.
10
msterdam,
it fieldsỊạ
iew York.
nd organic
P. W. COPE
555
13.
14.
17.
18.
19
findings.i Proc. IEEE, 64, 357 (1976).
summation of results." Physiol. Chem. Phys., 8, 31 (1976).
-, "Diamagnetic levitation in the fractionally superconductive bile cholates, ibid,
135.
tion in cholatesi ibid, 495.
logical systems at physiological temperaturesạibid, 3, 403 (1971).
Josephson junctions?" ibid. 5, 173 (1973).
wavesiJ. Microwave Power, 11, 267 (1976).
(1978).
polassium ("K) NMR spin signatures and T, beat patterns," ibid, 6, 309 (1974).
17 (1974).
New Jersey, 1974.
23, W. Reich, The Concer Biopathy, Farter, Strauss and Giroux, New York, 1973,
and behavioriPhysiol, Chem, Phys., 10, 387 (1978),
25.
27.
elektromagnetische FelderiZ. Vel. Physiol., 56, 111 (1967).
Menschen," Naturwissenschaften, 55, 29 (1968).
. "ELF-effects on human circadian rhythms," in ELF and VLF Electromagnetic
Field Effects, M. A. Persinger, Ed., Plenum Press, New York, 1974.
(Received Nover.ber 15, 1978)
