{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T13:07:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3685165, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125353-cejka-california-a-date-with-disaster.pdf", "source_sha256": "a73840966b97140f7ae1caa0af146b988db282c105cda86b236990d4d2b9c3a2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 148, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PART Ii

PU ae
bi
le
ein
ch wal 4

i Pye ta
Sater o. et
. “vi ay Sias
Wk wo a is bem a
bhra- aa e

. POG

cece T

Requested Reprint

i ee

SS _
ESE

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2588, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Date With
Disaster
by JOHN DOMBROWSKI
"These three events will occur in different parts of
the world and at the same time."
in Pan I author John Dombrowski presented chilling
reports on California's destiny. The state is in a vul
nerable and dangerous position. Any disturbance of
large enough intensity could cause the state to slip and
slide apart. People of California have been warned
through countless visions to seek safety and shelter.
The prophecies continue—
D: ER. Undey even as a chit, was blesed with
clairvoyant vision. At the age of 12. a vision, in
which he saw a bay in danger of drowning, was responsi
ble for saving a child's life.
Dr. Lindsey later married and started a family. He.
together with his family, went to Hawaii as missionaries
On Nov. 15, 1941, while conducting a prayer meeting, a
breeze filled the room even though the windows and
doors were closed and the lights grew dim until they went
out. But a brilliant light bathed the person of Dr. Lindsey
Within moments, everything was back to normal. Dr.
Lindsey revealed to the group that he had been warned in
a vision to leave for the U.S. immediately on the very next
ship, for in the first week of December, Japan would
aunch a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor.
He immediately contacted the military authorities at
Pearl Harbor; but their opinion was that there was not a
chance that Japan would attack, and that surely he must
have had a bad dream.
Dr. Lindsey returned with his family to the U.S. and true
to the timely warning, the surprise attack came right on
schedule.
In September of 1958, Dr. Lindsey was ministering in
Sacramento, Calif. He had been fasting and praying for
several days. He suddenly felt a surge of power flow
through his body. His mind became clear as crystal and
his vision expanded until he beheld the planet spinning in
space. Events of the future unfolded before him.
That evening in the Tabernacle Temple in Sacramento,
Dr. Lindsey received the clearest warning of all that will
come exactly one year before the greatest disaster of
modern times hits the earth. This prophetic warning will
come in the form of three signs, or events.
These three events will occur in different parts of the
world and at the same time.
• Australia will experience its greatest earthquake ever.
• A volcano will erupt in the Mediterranean Sea. result-
ing in a huge tidal wave
• A minor earthquake will occur in California causing
only negligible damage, but it will crack walls in both the
city halls of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
Exactly one year following the simulteneous occur-
17

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 788, "chars": 4744, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rence of these three events, a great convulsion will shake
the whole earth.
In California, the San Andreas fault will split wide open
and the land west of it will sink into the ocean. This will
create tidal waves 150 feet high which will encircle the
world, inundating most capital coastal cities of the earth.
Huge cracks will appear in the ground. Many volcanoes
will erupt. The whole earth will shake.
Neal Frisby-Prophet Extraordinary
Neal Frisby began his prophetic ministry in 1960, aftera
six-week fast. During this extended period without food, he
was given a series of visions in which he saw many star-
tling things soon to befall our nation.
He indicates that, among the other things which were
shown him, the morals of our people would become as
perverse as in the days of Sudom and Gomorrah. He
prophesied at that time•. 11 years ago... that topless
night clubs would become popular and sexual nudity
would be on the increase, with teenage nude beach par
ties leading to shameful orgies. California would lead the
nation in the corruption of homosexuality, wife-swapping
and open prostitution and pornography. Because of this.
California will also lead the nation in so-called "natural"
catastrophies, causing exceedingly great damage to
property and loss of life. Recent years have shown these
prophecies to be increasingly accurate.
According to Neal Frisby, several minor and major
quakes in the state are "preparing the groundwork" forthe
climax. Theyare loosening the earth and causing water to
seep further inland under the surface. An unprecedented
earthquake will cause the portion west of the San Andreas
fault to break away from the mainland and start sliding
downhill into the ocean. California's present coastline will
be completely changed
After 1972, but very definitely before 1976, San Fran-
cisco, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and much
of the California coastline will become "a feeding ground
for sharks." gone forever beneath the sea. Millions will go
to a watery grave because of their unbelief, apathy and
procrastination.
Meal Frisby also Indicates that according to what he was
shown in visions, those who scoff and ridicule these warn-
ings will themselves be among those who will be the
victims of the raging seas.
18
Three Warning Quakes
The rooming son was expected by Rev. CF.
Harrell of Phoenix. Arizona.
"Another vision came before me. I was standing at the
edge of a sheer cliff, the coastline of California. Looking
down a great distance l could see those who were alive on
the surface of the angry waters and on wreckage of var-
ious kinds. All airports, harbors and coast defenses of all
kinds ceased to exist. I asked the Lord, But how can this
be? In a vision the range of mountains nearest Los
Angeles dissolved before my eyes and 1 was taken in the
spirit above the U.S., looking down upon it as on a map. I
saw the great earthquake which will cause a break off and
the coastline changed right before my eyes. All the coastal
cities sank out of sight forever. I saw a tremendous tidal
wave that followed, which affected the Gulf of Mexico and
the mouth of every river of the US. as well as the East
Coast, with tidal waves which caused flooding and loss
even in the inland areas, as the rivers overflowed the land
"In a vision | also saw San Bernadino as the rushing
waters covered that city. Again I asked, Lord, how can
such a great part of the earth drop into nothing?" He
answered. By three severe earthquakes preceding this
disaster which will also be an earthquake!
"There will be other minor quakes, not only in Califor
nia, but all over the world. The first of these three quakes
will be the hardest that has ever been experienced. It will
affect the coast from Mexico to Port Arena, 150 miles
north of San Francisco. The streets of the cities and
freeways will suffer great damage. It will affect the liveli
hood of many. About the time the worst of the damage is
repaired, the second of the three quakes will come, more
severe than the first, causing much damage and loss of
life. After the greatest damage of the second quake is
cleared, the third quake will strike. Again the damage and
losses will be considerable and extensive and almost
irreparable. Soon after these three warning quakes, we will
see what has been predicted for many years: THE GREA
TEST EARTHQUAKE OF ALL! THE GREATEST EARTH-
QUAKE OF MODERN TIMES!!
"This fourth earthquake— the biggest one-will cause
certain areas to sink under water and will take around
ten million lives! The Lord showed me the superstructure
of the State of California. For some time it has been known
scientifically that a good portion of the coast of California
is just a shell that projects out over the water like a shelf. l

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 834, "chars": 4836, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Scientists inform us that the coastline of
California is moving northwest at the rate of two
inches a year."
saw a submarine going back under this shelf to the base of
the San Bernadino Mountains. It is known that one can go
out from the shoreline a short distance on the California
coast and then one just drops off... there seemingly to
be no bottom. I believe it is from five to seven miles down.
The largest part of California is washed out underneath.
There are only upright supports holding the coastline of
California.
(Scientists inform us that the coastline of California is
moving northwest at the rate of two inches a year. This
places a great strain upon the San Andreas fault which
extends from lower California to Palm Springs near San
Bernadino, then over to Palmdale and extending up to the
San Francisco Bayarea to Point Avenue. All this land west
of the fault is moving every year. The stanchions cannot
move, as they are a part of the ocean bed, making It
necessary for them to incline or tip.)
"One day thèse supports will tip enough that they can-
not bear the weight of the land. This will be at the time of
the GREAT EARTHQUAKE! The west side of the San
Andreas Fault will break off and slide into the sea.
"In the vision I was on a mountain overlooking the Los
Angeles area. I felt the carth shaking as in a terrific earth-
quake. I saw a great high spray of water that whipped up
into the air. The roar was beyond description; it was deaf:
ening. The coastline slipped into the water as though it
were tipped down; the immense wave moved inland very
rapidly like a huge, gigantic tidal wave! The tidal wave will
be felt clear to the Hawaiian Islands.
"This earthquake will be the most severe destruction
that has come upon this earth since the time of Noah's
flood. This is the reason God is revealing what will take
place; the people must be warned just as in the days of
Noah! There will be ten million people whose lives will be
lost in these disasters, and great suffering for those who
remain alive. After the disaster, there will be farine and
shortage of water in the areas along what is left of the coast
all the way to Canada.
"The earthquake will be heavily felt to Vancouver, Can-
ada. The San Andreas Fault stretches from Point Arena
into the offshore waters. It then follows the coast to Alaska
and from there across the Aleutians and to the shores of
Asia. British Columbia and especially Vancouver are
going to be leveled by this earthquake. All cities along the
path of the San Andreas fault, even in the offshore waters
will feel the destruction of the great earthquake. There will
be new diseases: new epidemics will break out which
science knows nothing about. Climates will change
"God is giving dreams and visions to His people of
forthcoring events. Predictions are corning, some in part
and some in greater detail. When many come from MANY
sources and they are all similar.. ..THEN IT IS TIME TO
WAKE UP!"
I Saw Fire
The destruction of the recent Feb, 9th quake in
California-which killed 64 and caused damage close toa
half-billion — will be dwarfed by the major quake predicted
by Rev. Donald Abernathy, a fundamentalist minister,
formerly of Bell Gardens.
"I was shown a clear vision," said Rev. Abernathy. "I rose
high above the death and destruction and could see it was
widespread all along the entire coast." Mr. Abernathy
recalled that his vision took place while he was praying in
his Bell Gardens home at 3:30 a.m. in June 1968:
"It came to me in a picture form— like a colored moving
picture before my eyes." he said. "Theard a great rumbling
sound ... Isaw the ground shaking ... saw the freeways
shaking and buckling, especially the bypass, the over-
passes, the bridges-with concrete columns falling down
all over.
*1 saw buildings in the downtown areas crum-
ble ... large buildings just crumble. And I saw those
thousands of people rushing out of the buildings, scream-
ing in terror while many passed out or had heart attacks
The freeways were jammed but | could see the roads sunk
down.
"I saw fire in this vision, broken gas pipes and mains
causing it and I saw many explosions, first just blazing out
of control at different places
"i saw mountains shake apart and crumble into the
ocean..: people driving off into the water... buildings
toppling and fire shooting along the San Andreas fault
line. I heard the roar of the ocean coming in and i saw Los
Angeles sink.
* saw a large red sun just as it was sinking out of sight
After seeing the destruction part, I was told by the Lord
that this was going to happen... thatI should warn the
people and flee. God spoke to me and said this disaster
will be Soon, my son... soon.'
"Asl came out of the vision I heard myself saying: "This
is it! This is it! and the Lord spoke to me again and said,
"Yet a little season:
19

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 607, "chars": 3588, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"This year, 1971, is going to be a disastrous year for
earthquakes. Butl can't say that the big quake of my vision
will occur this year. I'm not sure exactly when it will
be killed when it does come
"Los Angeles has exalted itself as the City of Angels," he
added,
and it's going to be brought down to its grave. We
believe that this is more orless a repeat of what happened
in the time of Christ to Caperhaum.
"Christ prophesied that Capernaum had exalted onto
the heavens and it would be brought down to hell... to-
day most of it is under the Sea of Galilee."
"We believe this quake will start from Mexico and go on
up all the way to Canada. And we believe that this quake
will stretch 1500 miles and that water will rush inland for
some 300 miles, making Arizona the new west coast."
Mei Ling relates the following story given to her by an
ewitness account.
At the time of the breaking of the Baldwin Hills Dam in
Los Angeles in 1963, a group of geologists, desiring to
test various theories, agreed to feed all pertinent data into
a UNIVAC. This is a gigantic computer which is able to sift
through tons of information in a matter of seconds. It is an
intricate piece of machinery, but it is not an oracle or living
prophet. It merely works from data supplied to it.
The UNIVAC's answer was of a much broader scope
than these scientists had anticipated. Whereas they
expected an answer to the Baldwin Hills Dam mystery.
they received a far more comprehensive result.
It stated that the present stresses of the San Andreas
fault will trigger the greatest earthquake California has
ever experienced! The southern portion could slide into
the sea!
As a direct result of this (INIVAC prediction, it is
reported that several geologists made plans to move away
from Southern California
R.L. Hudson, a Cal Tech professor, stated that over 17
million people in Southern California are potential earth-
quake victims. The Los Angeles Free Press of June 7,
1968. quotes Peter Franken, Professor of Physics at the
University of Michigan, as stating that the strain level along
the San Andreas Fault now exceeds that of the San Fran
-isco earthquake of 1906. The situation in Los Angeles is
en worse. Withdrawals of large amounts of oil have
resulted in dangerous earth faulting.
On March 2. 1968, Dr. C.F. Richter claimed that if an
earthquake of great magnitude would occur now, devas-
20
tation would be astronomical! Most cities and towns in
California are built on soil deposited by water and on
beach sand. This is the most unstable type of terrain.
A Sheer Cliff
D
Manny Henry, formerly of Fontana, California, re
ported a vision experienced in 1957 to P.J. Boyd at
a Businessmen's Breakfast in Los Angeles on May 25.
1962.
"At the time of the vision, I was at home in Fontana. !
was in bed, thinking of the recent revelations that had
been given to members of the church that met at the
Chapel in Van Nuys which I was attending.
"As the vision unfolded, I was lifted up to the top of Mt.
San Gorganio, that lies just north of Banning, California. I
could see Mt. San Jacinto to the southeast.
"Looking westward the whole valley was spread out
before me; the sun was setting. I could see the Pacific
Ocean in the distance. I wondered why the Lord had set
me there: I could feel His presence. It was then impressed
on me that this was a time of momentous events.
"Then I saw the whole country trembling violently.
From the valley floor rose a tremendous cloud of dust that
rose from where the earth had been in the valley. I never
saw that valley floor again! The whole country from Cajon

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 740, "chars": 4304, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"There will be ten million people whose lives will be
lost in these disasters, and great suffering for those
who remain alive."
Pass to San Bernardino dissolved right past me... com
pletely disappeared along the line where the cleavage of
the earth took place in front of where I was standing and
extending northwest past Cajon Pass.
"I saw some rocks falling from this newly created sheer
cliff that dropped off into the great moving cloud of dust
below, Then my attention was drawn towards the sea. It
was like a huge silver wave quickly coming toward me.
filling in the area occupied by the dust area, and covering
all the land that had dropped off below what was now the
dust cloud. Then the vision ended, and | was in bed again,
as I had been when the vision had started.
Dan Carlson's Prophetic Dream
"On the night of April 24, 1969, I experienced a most
vivid prophetic dream concerning the total destruction of
Los Angeles and the surrounding communities. At this
time we lived 25 miles south in Garden Grove. (We have
since moved to Arizona.) In this nocturnal vision / was with
the merbers of my family: Dolores, my wife: Danny and
Becky, my two children; and Mariana. my mother-in-law.
We were standing on a high plateau overlooking the City.
At first we only knew the general direction in which it lay,
being too far away to actually see it.
"Our purpose for being there, according to the dream,
was to witness the fulfillment of what had been prophesied
for many years. I had informed my family that this was the
day in which these predictions concerning the catastro-
phic destruction of the west coast were destined to
happen.
"My wife's mother especially doubted it, as she had ever
since these rumors and visions had started circulating
Since we had been there most of the day, and it was late in
the afternoon. she had suggested that we might as well
leave, "Nothing was going to happen, anyway" How
ever, I insisted we stay another hour, for surely this was the
day God had revealed, I was certain of it. Dolores was
saying that she knew all along that I had been mistaken.
when suddenly I interrupted
"Look over there!" | pointed energetically. directing
their attention to a huge cloud of dust rising in the west.
"It's started" I shouted. Atthis point Los Angeles came into
clear focus. Our vantage point had shifted so that we
appeared to be closer to the City: Its tail buildings and
landmarks were easily discernible, In fact. I was amazed to
see how smog-free the atmosphere was this day
"A huge crack opened up right through the heart of the
City and the sections on either side of the crack tilted
sharply: first one way and then another. The force of the
movement was so violent and the angle of tilt so steep.
that the tallest buildings, first on the left and then on the
right, were literally thrust to the ground with angry vio
lence. I was amazed at the suddenness of their collapse! !
suppose that i had expected them to topple over gradually
like a falling tree, but no: they came crashing down as
though they had been kicked over by a giant boot.
"The entire area caved in. sinking and sliding quickly
into the open split. Within a few minutes the once proud
City was in a sea of churning water. No sign of it
remained ... not a building, tower, road or bridge. Where
but a few moments ago stood the proud and famous City
of the Angels— now it lay on the bottom of the ocean."
Even this article itseif is a partial sign of the coming
disaster. For it has been stated that before this takes place,
rumors of such an earthquake and disaster will be widely
known to many people.
We fervently hope that this statewide cataclysm on such
a colossal scale may somehow be averted... but the
scientific and occult evidence strongly indicate otherwise
It is a matter of the gravest importance and concern for
every person now living in the Golden State to heed these
timely warnings while there is "Yet a little season." And in
the words of Rev. C.F. Harrell:
"God is giving dreams and visions to His people of
forthcoming events. Predictions are coming ... some in
part and some in greater detail. When many come from
MANY sources and they are all similar... THEN IT IS
TIME TO WAKE UP!!
THE WRITING IS ON THE WALL, CALIFORNIA!
Read it-learn-then ACT before it is too late!
21
