{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:25:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 329542, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125301-cejka-patent-3149253.pdf", "source_sha256": "3001e64403f4fe2319dd4d3b0e3ca62ea382b71d8d77bca7984bcdd404e42d17"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 505, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
3,149,253

| E. A. LUEBKE
ELECTRODE STRUCTURE FROM MAGNETOHYDRODYNAMIC DEVICE

Sept. 15, 1964

Filed Jan, 3, 1962

8 SLATS RSS VERE
BSNS Oo ee
ROE NT RAE FoR OR RINT KI
SELES RK LA Pre EDS ITT AN

=

?

| Inventor
Emmetth A. LuebKe

by 204 tm

His Attorney

~ SO
, s -*
Le SN
PS PPP Sf ONT Ss or Onn te Se NES EN EN SD X]

PP PCPA PrP PEA

ei

oF, g
fy rn
5 ay p ay

, BNE NY .
, BO CPOCRC RORY
9 AAD Rp ty

5 s
~ av
Bees

s ar APN PARES)
a te. @ Oe: , x
8. ee
x Ds rN Y
Ags € oe e/% ‘7 * 7d

RN he
SRNR

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1112, "chars": 7697, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,149,253
Patented Sept. 15, 1964
1
2
Conventional MHD generating systems are character-
3,149,253
ized by difficult maintenance problems because of the
ELECTRODE STRUCTURE FROM MAGNETO-
rugged environment to which the construction materials
HYDRODYNAMIC DEVICE
are exposed:
The electrodes and the confining walls for
Emmeth A. Luebke, Schenectady, N.V., assignor to Gen- 5 the conducting gaseous medium are exposed to tempera-
eral blectric Company, a comoration of New York
Filed Jan. 3, 1962, Ser. No. 164.114
tures of several thousand degrees Kelvin which are neces-
7 Claims.
(Cl. 310-11)
sary to obtain the required ionization of the gas.
A
known method for
substantially lowering the
critical
This invention relates to apparatus for generating elec-
threshold temperature for ionization of the gaseous medi-
trical power, and more particularly, to improved
elec- 10 um adds a small amount in the range of 0.01-1% by
trode structures for an apparatus which generates direct
volume of some easily ionizable material to the gas there-
current power by the interaction of a moving conducting
by reducing ionization
threshold temperatures from
fuid in a magnetic field.
about 3500° K. to around 2000° K.
While the seeding
Conventional rotating devices for generating electricity
of the gaseous medium eases the thermal stability char-
are based on the principle of first converting heat energy
15
acteristics of the construction materials, unfortunately,
to rotational
mechanical energy, typically in a prime
it contributes to an already serious corrosion problem
mover, such as a steam turbine,
and then converting the
because the seeding agents are extremely corrosive at the
mechanical energy to electrical energy by driving a metal-
operating temperatures.
A still further problem associ-
lic conductor through a magnetic field..
For economical
ated with current generation in an ordinary MHD device
operation of such turbine-power generating systems, high
20 is the concentration of current at one edge of the elec-
thermal efficiencies in the steam turbine are imperative.
trodes.
This, of course, causes "hot spot" which tends to
The various improvements in turbine efficiencies that
destroy the electrode quickly and thereby interrupt opera-
have been effective in the past have been achieved by op-
tion oi the device.
erating at ever higher temperatures and pressures.
AS
Conventional MHD electrodes are constructed from
these rise the problems they generate multiply rapidly
25 refractory metals such as tungsten and molybdenum,
so that a limit is quickly reached in what may be accom-
which are good electrical conductors. Refractory metal
plished by further increases in operating temperatures and
electrodes are particularly susceptible to destruction by
pressures.
Probably the greatest difficulty arises in the
corrosion and/or oxidation often failing within seconds
materials area, since the mechanical stresses on moving
after operation in the MHD device.
The substitution of
parts such as turbine blades, shafts, etc., become progres-
30
graphite electrodes for the refractory metal electrodes
sively more severe in the air as operating temperatures
produces no better results.
Obviously, such limitations
and pressures are increased. Consequently, a "diminish-
seriously impede the utility of the MHD device which in
ing returns" effect has set in and improvements in eff-
most stationary applications must have operational life-
ciency have been achieved in smaller increments at higher
times at least in the order of months.
Certain ceramic
and higher costs.
Many of these difficulties can be
35
electrode structures are known having greater resistance
avoided and radical improvements in conversion effi-
to corrosion and oxidation than refractory metal elec-
ciencies can be effected by quickly eliminating those ele-
trodes.
For example, the welding electrode structures
ments which limit performance and devising a system
of J. D. Cobine disclosed in U.S. Patents 2,540,811;
which
does not have any movable mechanical com-
ponents.
To this end it has been proposed to generate
4.0
2,586,516; and 2,640,135; all of which patents are as-
signed to the assignee of the present invention, withstand
electricity by abstracting energy from a moving conduct-
temperatures of a welding are in contact with the tip of
ing field, preferably a gaseous one, as it passes through
the electrode for considerable periods.
The electrodes
a magnetic field.
By using a fluid conductor in the place
comprise a sintered admixture of tungsten with either
of a solid one, the conductor may be driven to the mag-
netic field without employing rotating moving parts mere-
45
zirconia or thoria which may also contain minor amounts
of a refractory metal binder including tantalum, vanadi-
ly by impressing a pressure difference on the fluid. The
um, and niobium.
While such electrodes have demon-
mechanical prime movers, such as turbines, are,
there-
strated excellent corrosion resistance in the intended appli-
fore, no longer necessary and a generating system without
cation, the structures are not particularly adapted to the
any moving parts is feasible.
The body of scientific 50
use as an electrode in an MHD device.
Simple sintered
knowledge dealing with the interaction of a conducting
structures of powdered refractory materials are quickly
gaseous fluid with a magnetic field is commonly known
eroded by the rapidly moving ionized gas stream in the
as magnetohydrodynamics (usually abbreviated to MHD)
operation of an MHD device as evidenced by the num-
and all subsequent references in this specification to the
berous erosion failures of graphite electrodes as distinct
generation of electrical power by the interaction of a
from
conducting fluid in a magnetic field will be to magneto-
55
Additionally, the electrical
losses of a sintered electrode prepared from powdered re-
hydrodynamic generation or MHD generation.
Typical systems for MHD power
fractory materials containing non-conducting metal ox-
generation as con-
ides will be greater than desired for MHD power genera-
ceived by previous workers in the field is described in
tion if there is sufficient metal oxide content in the compo-
detail in patent application Serial No. 114,434, entitled,
"Electrode Structure from Magnetohydrodynamic De-
60
sition to effectively protect the refractory metal con-
stituent from ambient corrosive and erosive conditions.
vice," by Henry Hurwitz, Jr., and George W. Sutton,
It is the primary object of the invention, therefore, to
filed June 2, 1961, and assigned to the assignee of the
present invention.
The Hurwitz et al. invention contem-
provide an electrode structure which is especially adapted
plates bringing a gas stream to a conducting condition by
for use in an MHD device.
heating it to a temperature at which the gas becomes par-
65
It is another important object of the invention to pro-
tially ionized.
The ionized gas stream is driven through
vide a ceramic electrode structure which does not sub-
a magnetic field by a pressure difference causing an elec-
stantially impede the flow of electrical current in the
tromotive force (E.M.F.) to be generated in the gas.
Un-
electrode.
der the influence of this E.M.F., such charged particles as
It is still another important object of the invention to
are present in the gas are deflected to electrodes causing
70 provide a refractory electrode by compacting
or sinter-
a unidirectional or direct current to flow through an ex-
ing a mass of powdered refractory materials containing
ternal load circuit connected to the electrodes.
certain additives to produce a structure having improved

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1168, "chars": 8178, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,149,253
3
mechanical and electrical properties at ordinary tempera-
this reason, it is advisable to prepare various electrodes
tures as well as at extremely clevated temperatures.
from admixtures with different proportions of any given
These and other objects and advantages of the inven-
combination of the materials and to test the operating
tion will be more apparent from the following descrip-
characteristics of these electrodes in order to determine
tion.
5
the optimum composition of the electrode within the
Briefly, the electrode structures of the invention com-
above composition range. The admixtures may be pre-
prise a unitary mass of particulate refractory particles
pared conveniently by gentle blending of the filaments
having an electrically conducting network of refractory
with the refractory particles to avoid substantial com-
metal filaments dispersed throughout the mass to provide
minution of the metal filaments. Methods of mixing
a conducting member having novel structural and chem- 10 solids by mechanical means without grinding or other-
ical durability as well as temperature stability.
The par-
wise fracturing the treated material are well known so
ticular refractory materials useful in particulate form for
the
electrode
that it is unnecessary to further described such methods
structure
include at least. one thermally
in the specification.
stable thermionic emitting inorganic metal compound to
While the method of preparing
suitable admixtures
serve as the matrix of the structure, or alternately, as a 15 for the electrode structure is not critical to the successful
discontinuous phase in the structure.
practice of the invention, preparation of the final electrode
In one preferred embodiment of the invention a re-
structure must be accomplished by means which provide
fractory metal wool is embedded with a sufficient quan-
a refractory bond between the individual constittients
tity of refractory particles containing a thermionic emit-
of the admixture.
More particularly, a stable bond must
ting compound so as to envelop most of the wool matrix 20
be established between both the individual refractory par-
and the composite assembly is hot-pressed by conven-
ticles and the refractory metal filaments of a nature which
tional procedures to provide a unitary self-supporting
is not disrupted during subsequent service of the electrode.
structure having the necessary endurance characteristics
Suitable bonding of the admixture may be obtained by the
for MHD electrode applications.
If only minor amounts
usual metallurgical techniques employed for preparation
of the thermionic emitting compound are contained in 25 of a cermet body wherein the admixture is treated at ele-
the structure, the electrode is particularly suited for the
vated temperatures and pressures sufficient to form liquid
anode member in the MHD device having as a primary
cementing products which wet the individual constituents
function the collection rather than the supply of electrons
in the admixture and adhere them together.
To further
needed for proper operation of the device.
illustrate preparation of a suitable final electrode struc-
In still another preferred embodiment of the invention, 30
ture, an admixture comprising 80 parts by volume of short
a durable electrode may be prepared which is particularly
tungsten filaments with 20 parts by volume powdered
suited for the cathode member in the MHD device by
thorium dioxide was put into a graphite mold and heated
compacting or sintering a mixture of the refractory par-
by conventional induction heating device to temperatures
ticles containing a substantial proportion of the thermionic
of about 1500° C. being subjected to pressures of ap-
emitting compound and also a sufficient quantity of dis- 35 proximately 2500 p.s.i. at the elevated temperature.
The
continuous refractory metal filaments to provide a con-
product comprised a hard dense mass of firmly bonded
ducting network in the final electrode.
A still different
particles having excellent mechanical and electrical prop-
cathode structure may be provided from a simple admix-
erties at ordinary conditions as well as durability in MHD
ture of refractory thermionic emitting inorganic particles
service. Connecting lead 4 is attached to the electrode
with refractory metal filaments.
As will be apparent 40 in an ordinary manner by such means as embedding a
from the further description
contained hereinafter in
conducting wire in the structure during preparation or by
this specification, a great variety of suitable electrodes
cementing the wire to the final electrode structure with a
for MHD applications may be provided according to the
suitable adhesive composition.
principles of the invention.
In FIGURE 2 there is shown a different electrode struc-
The invention may be better understood by reference 45 ture 5 which comprises refractory metal wool 6 having
to the following description taken in conjunction with
embedded therein an adhered mass of inert refractory
the accompanying drawings, in which:
parițcles 7 over which is deposited a surface layer com-
FIGURE 1 is a cross-sectional view of a preferred
prising a bonded mixture of the inert refractory particles
electrode structure of the invention;
with a sufficient quantity of a thermionic emitting inor-
FIGURE 2 is a cross-sectional view of still a different 50
ganic metal compound in particulate form to supply elec-
type electrode structure of the invention;
trons at the elevated temperatures of MHD power genera-
FIGURE 3 is a perspective view,
partially in cross
tion.
It will be noted that the metal wool extends into
section, of still a different preferred electrode of the in-
the exterior surface layer so as to render the entire elec-
vention.
trode structure electrically conducting. By reason of the
In FIGURE 1 there is shown an electrode structure 1
support provided in the intertwined metal filaments of
which
comprises a bonded mass
2 of a particulate
the refractory metal wool, a structurally sound electrode
thermionic emitting inorganic metal compound contain-
is provided by simply heating the assembled wool and re-
ing a conducting network 3 of refractory metal filaments
fractory particles without any necessity for compacting
dispersed throughout the mass of particles.
A simple
the heated mass at the extremely elevated pressures be-
admixture of the refractory particles and metal filaments
60 fore mentioned.
For example, a piece of refractory wool
can be employed for direct preparation of a satisfactory
having roughly the desired shape of the final electrode is
electrode structure by conventional compaction and/or
impregnated with inert refractory particles utilizing only
sintering technique and a suitable admixture for the elec-
the pressure needed to compact the mas of particles into a
trode structure may comprise proportions of the con-
self-supporting structure not having large voids and the
stituents in the range 20-25% refractory particles by 65
compacted assembly heated to elevated temperatures for
volume of the mixture with 80-95% refractory metal
bond formation.
The compact is a hard, firmly bonded
filaments by volume of the mixture.
For the common
structure having wool filaments exposed on the surface
refractory materials,
these proportions provide
a final
of the structure.
A thermionic emitting surface layer &
electrode structure
having endurance at the
extremely
is next hot-pressed onto the base structure to provide the
elevated operating temperatures of MHD power genera- 70
final electrode. The surface layer is prepared from an
tion and do not impede current flow by unduly high elec-
admixture comprising the inert refractory particles with
trical resistance.
It will be realized that the optimum
particles of a thermionic emitting inorganic metal com-
proportions of the constituents in any particular admix-
pound and is of sufficient thickness to cover the protrud-
ture to provide these results depends primarily upon the
ing metal filaments thereby protecting these elements
characteristics of the specific materials employed. For 75
against corrosion and erosion in MHD service. While

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1083, "chars": 7377, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,149,253
5
6
the outer surface layer of the electrode may consist en-
thermionic "work function" for the efficient emission of
tirely of a bonded mass of the particulate thermionic emit-
electrons at elevated temperature.
The work function
ting material alone, admixtures containing a substantial
being referred to is well known as the "Richardson work
proportion of the substrate material are preferred by rea-
function" and the emitter materials of the invention have
son of lesser differences in thermal expansion between the
work functions below 4.0 electron volts.
The significance
individual layers which promotes greater thermal shock
of a low work function is realized when it is considered
resistance in the final electrode.
An electrical lead 9 is
that the saturation emission at 2200° K. for an emitter
attached to the electrode for connection to an external
with a work function of 3 electron volts is approximately
load in the usual fashion.
three orders of magnitude greater than the emission from
In FIGURE 3 there is shown a different preferred elec- 10 the
conventional refractory metals employed for elec-
trode structure 10 having a centralized refractory metal
trodes heretofore, molybdenum and tungsten having work
grid core for improved structural strength and electrical
functions of 4.2 electron volts and 4:5 electron volts, re-
conduction in the electrode.
Other grid structures can
Satisfactory materials having the desired char-
be substituted for this purpose in place of the screen ele-
acteristics can be selected from the broad class of solid
ment 1ll depicted in the drawing including refractory 15
inorganic compounds which do not melt or evaporate
porous conducting nonmetals such as carbon felt, per-
substantially of the operating temperatures, including
forated carbide, or boride elements, and the like.
oxides, such as barium oxide, strontium oxide, calcium ox-
structure of the electrode comprises an innermost layer 12
ide, thorium oxide, beryllium oxide, aluminum oxide, lan-
bonded to the core member and which comprises a particu-
thamum oxide, and magnesium oxide; metal carbides such
late inert inorganic metal compound containing refrac- 20 as tantalum carbide, titanium carbide, tungsten carbide,
tory metal filaments 13 dispersed throughout the mass of
thorium carbide, niobium carbide, and molybdenum car-
particles, a surface adjacent layer 14 of the particles hav-
bide; and metal borides such as calcium boride, strontium
ing an exterior surface of the metallic element of the in-
boride, lanthamum boride, cerium boride, thorium boride;
organic compound, and an outermost surface layer 15 inte-
and barium boride, and the like.
grally bonded to the metallic surfaces of layer 14 and con-
25 vidual refractory particles for preparation of a suitable
sisting of an adhered mass of a different inorganic com-
electrode according to the invention is well known in the
pound of the same metal element common to the substrate
ceramic and powder metallurgy art and may vary from
layers. Certain advantages,
finely divided powdery flours to coarse grains of the ma-
different materials in the individual layers and bonding
terial with a particle size of 100 mesh U.S. screen size and
these layers together through the agency of a common
30 larger. A table listing particularly suitable emitters with
By this procedure, it is possible to se-
corresponding melting points and work functions is listed
lect particular compounds which undergo only slight re-
below for purposes of greater illustration.
action with the material of the grid member while also
employing a more efficient thermionic emitting material
in the outermost surface layer. More particularly, a great
35
many metal oxides are far more compatible with the com-
Material
M.P.,° C.
mon refractory metals for the grid element than are the
more efficient metal carbide and metal boride thermionic
BaO...
emitters at the service temperatures intended for the elec-
SrO.
, 480
Cao.
trodes.
Consequently, it will generally be more desirable
40
THOL
for durability of the electrode to employ metal oxides in
LazO3-.
the innermost substrate layer and more efficient metal
TaC_
riC
carbide or metal boride emitters in the outermost surface
TaB
layer.
ST.Be-
Fabrication of the electrode structure in the embodi-
45
LaB6--
ment may be accomplished by initially bonding a layer of
the particulate oxide material admixed with sufficient re-
BaB6-
fractory metal filaments to provide a conducting network
throughout the layer to the core member by such means
as described for the preparation of the electrode structure
MOC
ThC
NUC
50
in FIGURE 1. Thereafter, a surface adjacent layer of
particles having a metallic surface may be obtained by
The refractory metal filaments useful in the electrode
preferential chemical reduction of the material.
The
structures of the invention can be selected from the class
preferential chemical reduction may be effected by car-
of conducting meíals which remain solid at the use tem-
bonizing the surface at extremely elevated temperatures
peratures and do not evaporate excessively, useful metals
for short periods in the order of one or two
minutes
including tungsten, molybdenum, and tantalum. Small
which causes the carbon to reduce some of the oxide to
proportions of still other refractory or
"cementing"
the metallic state.
For clarity of illustration, a several
metals may optionally be used in the electrode mixtures
hundred times enlargement of the reduced particle 16
to further increase the bond strength between the major
having a surface metal film 17 overlying the oxide core 60
constituents, especially if the method selected for fabri-
is depicted in FIGURE 3. An outermost surface layer
cating the electrode structure does not involve high pres-
of a carbide or boride compound of the metal in particu-
sures in conjunction with elevated temperatures.
late form is bonded to the metallic substrate by such
metal filaments in the structure provide mechanical rein-
means as heating a powdered mixture of the material to
forcement while also preventing thermal shock degrada-
sufficiently elevated temperatures
to
effect
sintering.
65 tion due to spalling, cracking, and crazing.
More par-
While the embodiment of FIGURE 3 is depicted with
ticularly, the higher thermal expansion of the metal fila-
certain of the metal filaments extending throughout the
ments compared to the refractory materials permits a pre-
structure, the practice is optional with respect to a carbide
stress to be imparted to the structure during preparation
or boride surface layer since these materials exhibit good
which is advantageous in subsequent use of the electrode.
electrical conductivity at the service temperatures.
70 A prestressed electrode will have greater strength when
The refractory thermionic emitting
inorganic metal
exposed rapidly to the elevated temperatures of operation
compounds useful in the electrode structure may be best
than an unstressed electrode.
The prestressed condition
characterized by their primary function in the compo-
is provided during the cooling cycle of electrode prep-
sition which is to supply electrons at the service tempera-
aration wherein the refractory metal filaments having the
tures.
Consequently, these materials will have a low 75 higher thermal expansion tend to contract more than the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 704, "chars": 5042, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5,119,253
refractory particles with the result that the filaments are
placed under tension while the adherent particles become
stressed compressively.
When the prestressed structure
8
ionic emitting particles having a conducting network of
refractory metal filaments dispersed throughout the bond-
ed admixture, the admixture containing at least one inert
is thereafter heated during operation of the electrode the
opposite result occurs so that the refractory portion of
3. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic
the structure which is most subject to failure in tension
which comprises a bonded mass of refractory thermionic
must first undergo a relaxation cycle to relieve the com-
emitting particles having a central portion comprising an
pressive stresses before entering the tension cycle.
inert metal oxide and an outer portion comprising an
The inert metal oxides useful in the preferred electrode
admixture containing the inert metal oxide, and a con-
compositions are chemically and thermally stable inor- 10
ducting network of refractory metal filaments dispersed
ganic compounds which undergo a minimum of chemical
throughout the bonded mass.
reaction with the refractory metal filaments at elevated
4. An electrode
for a magnetohydrodynamic device
temperatures.
Stable oxides include aluminum oxide,
which comprises a bonded mass of refractory inert metal
magnesium oxide, beryllium oxide, and zirconium oxide,
oxide particles with the surface adjacent particles having
which are far less reactive with the filaments than many 15 an exterior surface layer of the metal, a conducting net
of the emitter materials listed in the above table, thereby
work of refractory metal filaments dispersed throughout
preserving integrity of the filaments in the electrode struc-
the bonded mass and an outermost surface layer compris-
ture.
For example, certain of the borides and carbides
ing an admixture of the metal oxide particles with elec.
listed in the table would attack the refractory metals at
trically conducting particles of a refractory thermionic
the operating temperatures forming metal boride
carbide products having a higher electrical resistance than
emitting inorganic compound of the metal directly bonded
to the metal surface of the substrate particles.
the metals.
Ii is not possible to further distinguish the
5. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device
inert oxides from other thermionic emitter materials on
which comprises a compact of a porous electrically con-
the basis of emission characteristics since certain of the
ducting refractory core and a bonded mass of refractory
inert metal oxides are as enicient emitters as any mate- 25
thermionic emitting particles having a conducting net-
rial listed in the table on the basis of thermionic work
work of refractory metal filaments dispersed throughout
function which for
magnesium oxide is 2.85 and for
beryllium oxide is 3.3.
Consequently, many of the re-
6. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device
fractory metal oxides may be used advantageously for the
which comprises a compact of a porous electrically con-
electrode compositions in association with more chemical- 30
ducting refractory core and a bonded admixture of re-
ly active emitter
materials or,
alternatively, as the pri-
fractory thermionic emitting particles having a conduct-
mary emitter materal in the composition.
ing network
of refractory
filaments dispersed
It will be apparent from the above description that a
throughout the bonded admixture, the admixture contain-
novel electrode having a conducting network of metallic
ing at least one inert metal oxide.
filaments throughout the electrode structure has been 35
7. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device
disclosed which is particularly adapted for use in a MHD
which comprises a compact of a porous electrically con-
It is not intended to limit the invention to the
embodiments above shown since it will be obvious to
ducting refractory core and a bonded mass of inert re-
fractory thermionic emitting particles
those skilled in the art that modifications of the present
portion comprising an inert metal oxide and
teaching may be made without departing from the true 40
spirit and scope of the invention.
It is intended to limit
the invention, therefore, only to the scope of the follow-
metal oxide, and a conducting network of refractory metal
filaments dispersed throughout the bonded mass.
What I claim as new and desire to secure by Letters
Patent of the United States is:
1. An electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device
which comprises a bonded mass of refractory thermionic
emitting particles having a conducting network of refrac-
tory metal filaments dispersed throughout the mass.
electrode for a magnetohydrodynamic device 50
which comprises a bonded mixture of refractory therm-
2,501,089
2,540,811
2,586,516
2,640,135
2,888,592
References Cited in the file of this patent
UNITED STATES PATENTS
Pomerantz
Mar. 21, 1950
Cobine
Feb. 6, 1951
Cobine
Feb. 19, 1952
Cobine
May 26, 1953
Lafferty
May 26,
1959
