{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:29:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 333557, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125346-cejka-patent-3187206.pdf", "source_sha256": "d750cc8070a2e89d107312475017a4402b49925ea45688eab55f1ed866f486bb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 244, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
June 1, 1965
Filed May 9, 1958
13
POWER
SUPPLY
13
_POWER
SUPPLY
T. T. BROWN
ELECTROKINETIC APPARATUS
3,187,206
2 Sheets-Sheet 1
FIG. I
-12
FIG. 3
10
14
Cal
FIG. 2
32
110
~INVENTOR
Thrad Taurana Brown
BY
Hatso, Cale, Arenate a Station
Attorneys

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 373, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "clean-vision"}
June 1, 1965
Filed May 9, 1958
T. T. BROWN
ELECTROKINETIC APPARATUS
FIG. 4
3,187,206
2 Sheets-Sheet 2
FIG.5
,25
29
Ki..
-34
{31
POWER
SUPPLY
32 A
36Aг
36B-
360-
360→
36Ez
34A
-34B
-34C
34D
34E
32 E
STA
_POWER
SUPPLY
55-
FIG.8B
POWER
†SUPPLY
130
FIG.8A
32
SUPPLY
37
40 г
7=42
F
32K FIG.7
234
244
1232 Р
#25T0
16
) (-)
15221-
FIG.BC
INVENTOR
Thomes townsend Browne
ATTORNEYS

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1164, "chars": 7515, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,187,206
Patented June 1, 1965
1
2
trode of special configuration whereby the electric lines-
of-force are made to converge at a distance from the
ELECTROKINETIC APPARATUS
electrode. One illustrative embodiment of this invention
Thomas Townsend Brown, Walkertown, N.C., assignor,
by mesme assignments, to Electrokinetics, Inc., a cor-
which satisfies the above requirement is an arcuate sur-
face or, alternatively, a system of wires, tubes or plates
Filed May 9, 1958, Ser. No. 734,342
embedded in a dielectric surface and forming a directive
23 Claims. (Ci. 310—5)
array. One such highly-charged electrode acting within
and upon an ambient of different electrical potential will
This invention relates to an electrical device for produc-
move in response to the forces created by the shaping of
ing thrust by the direct operation of electrical fields.
the electrostatic field. If a smaller electrode is added at
I have discovered that a shaped electrical field may be
or near the focus of the field-shaping electrode and me-
employed to propel a device relative to its surroundings in
chanically attached to that electrode, both electrodes as a
a manner which is both novel and useful.
system will move in a direction of the larger or field-shap-
forces are created which move the device continuously in
ing electrode.
As is mentioned above, the field-shaping
one direction while the masses making up the environment
electrode alone, when charged with respect to its electric
move in the opposite direction.
ambient, will move or possess a force in the direction of
When the device is operated in a dielectric fluid me-
its apex. If another electrode carrying a different charge
dium, such as air, the forces of reaction appear to be
is added at or near the focal point of the field-shaping
present in that medium as well as on all solid material
electrode, then the field becomes more concentrated, i.e.
bodies making up the physical environment.
shaped to a greater degree and the resulting thrust is
In a vacuum, the reaction forces appear on the solid
greater than that which exists when the field-shaping elec-
environmental bodies, such as the walls of the vacuum
trode alone is employed.
The propelling force however is not reduced
Briefly in accordance with aspects of this invention,
to zero when all environmental bodies are removed be-
an electrode is connected on each end of a dielectric mem-
yond the apparent effective range of the electrical field.
ber and one of the electrodes defines a large area flat or
By attaching a pair of electrodes to opposite ends of a
preferably arcuate surface which is curved in such a direc-
dielectric member and connecting a source of high elec-
tion to produce, usually in co-operation with the other
trostatic potential to these electrodes, a force is produced
electrode, a shaped electrostatic field.
in the direction of one electrode provided that electrode
Advantageously, if the arcuate electrode is in the form
is of such configuration to cause the lines-of-force to con-
30 of a parabola or hyperbola, the length of the dielectric
verge steeply upon the other electrode.
member may be such that the other electrode is located in
fore, is in a direction from the region of high flux density
the region of the focus of the parabola or hyperbola, as
toward the region of low flux density, generally in the di-
the case may be. If the arcuate electrode is hemispherical,
rection through the axis of the electrodes.
the other electrode is located near the center of the hemi-
produced by such a device is present if the electrostatic
field gradient between the two electrodes is non-linear.
In accordance with other aspects of this invention the
This non-linearity of gradient may result from a differ-
dielectric member supporting the two electrodes may have
ence in the configuration of the electrodes, from the elec-
electrical conductivity and/or dielectric constant which
trical potential and/or polarity of adjacent bodies, from
varies progressively between its ends so that the dielectric
the shape of the dielectric member, from a gradient in the
member contributes to the non-linearity of the field gradi-
electric conductivity,
ent and causes a greater thrust to be developed
manetic permeability of the dielectric member or a com-
In accordance with still other aspects of this invention,
bination of these factors.
an annular electrode member is secured to an electrode
A basic device for producing force by means of elec-
mounted in the region of the axis of the annular electrode.
trodes attached to a dielectric member is disclosed in my 45 If the second electrode is located at the center of the an-
Patent 1,974,483.
In one embodiment disclosed in my
nular electrode and the two electrodes are energized,
patent, an electrostatic motor comprises devices having a
such force is not detected.
However, if the second or
number of radially directed fins extended from one end
innermost electrode is displaced from the center of the
of the dielectric body and a point electrode on the oppo-
annular electrode in the region of the axis of the annular
site end of the dielectric body. When this device is sup- 50 electrode and the electrodes are energized, then thrust
ported in a fluid medium, such as air, and a high electro-
will be produced by the two electrodes.
The annular
static potential is applied between the two electrodes, a
thrust is produced in the direction of the end to which
electrode may either be a flat ring, a toroid, or a section
of a cylinder.
the fins are attached.
In accordance with still other aspects of this invention,
Other electrostatic devices for producing thrust are dis-
55 tapered dielectric members having electrodes secured to
closed and described in detail in my British Patent 300,-
opposite edges thereof may be employed to produce a
311, issued August 15, 1927.
thrust in response to the application of potentials
Recent investigations in electrostatic propulsion have
these electrodes.
led to the discovery of improved devices for producing
The thrust produced by these tapered
dielectric members may be further augmented by em-
thrust by the use of electrical vectorial forces.
Accordingly, it is the primary object of this invention
bedding massive particles, such as lead oxide, in the
to provide an improved electrical device for producing
wedges, which particles are usually more concentrated
near the points of the wedges.
It is another object of this invention to provide a device
Accordingly, it is a feature of this invention to provide
for producing modulated thrust in response to varying
an electrical device for producing thrust which includes
electrical signals, which device produces a greater effect.
65 a dielectric member and electrodes supported at each end
than the prior type devices mentioned above.
of the dielectric member,
one of which electrodes is
It is another object of this invention to provide a device
located in the region of the focal point of the are of the
which shapes or concentrates electrostatic flux to produce
arcuate surface electrode.
It is another feature of this invention to provide a
Broadly, the invention relates to shaping an electrical 70 device for producing thrust having a dielectric member.
field to produce a force upon the device that shapes the
and a pair of electrodes secured to opposite ends of the
field. The electrical field is shaped by the use of an elec-
dielectric rod or member, one of which electrodes de-

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1128, "chars": 7526, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,187,206
fines a parabolic or hyperbolic surtace, the other elec-
trode being located in the region of the focus of said
line 32 in FIGURE 3, then a thrust will be produced,
which thrust will be related to the degree of non-linearity
of the field gradient.
One way to produce a gradient
It is another feature of this invention to employ an
which varies non-linearly is to shape one of the electrodes
insulating rod or member between two electrodes, which
in a form of an arcuate surface such as 12.
or member has a varying dielectric constant, said
numerous other ways to influence the field gradient will
dielectric constant progressively increasing or decreasing
be disclosed below. Electrode 14 represents a substantial
along the length of the dielectric member.
inass and it has been found that best results are obtained
It is still another feature of this invention to employ
if the surface area of electrode 14 is greater than the
a rod or member connected between two electrodes across 10
surface area of the end of rod 10. In one particular ex-
which an electrostatic potential is applied, which rod or
ample, a spherical electrode having a diameter greater
member has a varying electrical conductivity, said con-
than the diameter of rod 10, produced very satisfactory
ductivity progressively increasing or decreasing along the
Advantageously, the dielectric member 10, may
length of the dielectric member.
be employed to increase the non-linearity of the field
It is another feature of this invention to employ
For example, the dielectric member may be
single electrode having an arcuate surface and to connect
of material having a uniform relative dielectric constant
a source of potential to the arcuate surface which is op-
and be tapered in the direction of electrode 14 such that
posite in polarity to the potential of the masses compris-
the member 10 in the region of electrode 12 has a much
ing the environment of the arcuate surface.
greater cross-sectional area than the end of member 10
It is still a further feature of this invention to employ an 20
which is connected to electrode 14.
arcuate electrode as a device for producing thrust and
sult may be obtained if the member 10 is of uniform
to apply a varying electrical signal to the arcuate elec-
diameter but has a dielectric of graduated density or
which comprises a material having a progressively dif-
It is still another featute of this invention to employ
terent electrical conductivity or dielectric constant. In
a wedge of dielectric material having electrodes on op- 25
any of these arrangements, the dielectric constant, or
posite ends thereof to produce a thrust in response to
alternatively the electrical conductivity, varies from a low
the application of electrical potentials.
value in the region of electrode I4 to a high value in
It is still a further feature of this invention to employ
the region of electrode 12.
a tapered dielectric material having massive particles em-
The arcuate electrode 12 may be either a stitched wire
bedded therein to produce a thrust in response to the
surface or a solid conducting surface.
In the case of
application of potentials to the electrodes secured to the
stitched wire surface, the wires are very close together
dielectric member.
so that when an electrical potential is applied to these
It is still a further feature of this invention to employ
wires, they act substantially in the same manner as a
an annular ring electrode and a second electrode secured
Arcuate electrode 12 will produce
to the annular electrode in the region of the axis of the
a thrust when a potential is applied to the electrode 12
annular electrode to produce a thrust in response to the
which is opposite in polarity to the potential of the bodies
application of electrical potentials thereto.
in the region of electrode 12. Such a thrust will be pro-
These and various other objects and features of this
duced even though the dielectric member 10 and the
invention will be apparent from a consideration of the
electrode 14 are eliminated from the structure.
following description when read in connection with the
ever, the thrust produced by the charged arcuate elec-
accompanying drawing wherein:
when actuating alone is less than the thrust
FIGURE 1 is a view in elevation of one illustrative
produced by the combined device, that is, employing the
embodiment of this invention;
dielectric member 10 and
the oppositely charged elec-
FIGURE 2 is a view in elevation, partly in section, of
another illustrative embodiment of this invention;
FIGURE 3 is a graphical representation of the field
gradient between the electrodes of one illustrative example
of this invention in which distance from one electrode
is plotted as the abscissa whereas flux density is plotted
as the ordinate;
FIGURE 4 is a perspective view of another illustrative
embodiment of this invention;
FIGURES 5 and 6 are perspective views of still another
illustrative embodiment of this invention;
FIGURE 7 is an end view of another illustrative em-
bodiment of this invention employing a pair of devices
of the type disclosed in FIGURE 6, which devices are
mounted and serially connected in a single array;
FIGURES 8A, 8B and 8C are views in
partly in section, of still other illustrative embodiments
Referring now to FIGURE I, there is depicted an
insulating member 10 having
mounted on one end thereof and a second electrode 14
mounted on the opposite end thereof.
A source of direct
Referring now to FIGURE 2, there is depicted another
illustrative embodiment of this invention in which field-
shaping is accomplished. In the embodiment of FIGURE
2, the planar electrode 18 is connected to a hemispherical
electrode 14 by means of a dielectric rod 10.
source of electrical potential (not shown) is connected
through wires 15 and 17 to electrodes 18 and 14, respec-
tively, a field
gradient will be produced between elec-
trodes 18 and 14, which field gradient varies in accord-
ance with the graph represented by solid line 32 of FIG-
In this particular embodiment, as well as in
the embodiment of FIGURE 1, the non-linearity of the
field gradient is further augmented by the use of a con-
necting rod 10 which is a dielectric with progressively
different dielectric constant between electrodes 18 and 14.
A similar result may be produced by the use of a rod
10 having electrical conductivity which varies progres-
sively between electrodes 18 and 14.
Referring now to FIGURE 4 there is depicted still
another illustrative embodiment of this invention in which
a thrust is produced in response to the application of
current voltage 13 is connected to electrodes 12 and 14
through conductors 15 and 17, respectively.
A frusto-conical surface 25 comprising a metal or hav-
covered that if two electrodes are mounted on opposite
ing a metal surface to be used on an electrode is con-
ends of a dielectric member, and a field emanates from 70
nected to a tapered member 27. The tapered member 27
these electrodes which produces a linear gradient through
is frusto-conical and is primarily of non-conductive ma-
the dielectric member as shown by dotted line 30 of
terial but contains granules of semi-conducting material,
FIGURE 3, then no thrust is produced by the dielectric
However, if the field is distorted to produce a
which granules are concentrated near the tip 28.
Mounted on tip 28 is a half-wave radiator 29 which may
non-linear gradient such as graphically represented by 75 be in the form of a disk.
It is to be noted that the axis

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1180, "chars": 7915, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,187,206
of member 27 coincides with the axis of member 25.
polarity. It is believed that this force is
When a source of potential is connected to electrodes 25
the annnular configuration of electrode 48 and
and 29, a thrust is produced in the direction of the arrow
central location of electrode 50. In the instance of FIG-
31 regardless of the polarity of the applied voltage.
URE 8C, electrode 50 is positioned beneath the center
ever, a greater thrust is produced if the electrode 25 is
of electrode 48 and positioned on the axis of generation
positive with respect to electrode 29. Alternating current
When potentials are applied to electrodes
voltages may also be applied to electrodes 25 and 29 and
43 and 50 in FIGURE &C, a thrust is produced in an up-
the potential may either be superimposed upon or substi-
ward direction, as indicated by arrow 54.
Here again the
tuted for the direct current voltages:
Preferabiy, the
field gradient is produced by the configuration of electrode
frequency of the applied A.C. voltage is such that the di- 10 48 and the location of electrode 50 with respect to elec-
areter of the disk 29 constitutes a half-wave length of
the applied voltage.
Referring now to FIGURE 5 there is disclosed a tapered
member 32 which is of non-conductive material and may
contain particles of semi-conducting material in a manner
similar to member 27.
The semi-conducting material
contained in member 32 and in member 27 may be any
convenient form of massive particles such as lead oxide.
Along one surface of member 32 is an electrode 34 while
along the opposite surface is another electrode 35.
a potential is applied to these electrodes, preferably of a
polarity such that electrode 36 is positive with respect to
electrode 34, a thrust is produced in the direction of the
arrow 37. In the devices disclosed in both of FIGURES
4 and 5, the thrust produced by the electrodes is aug-
mented by the varying cross-sectional area of the non-
conductive member connecting the electrodes and is fur-
ther augmented by the voltage gradient produced by the
From the foregoing discussion, it is also apparent that a
combination of a curved electrode, a supporting member
of varying cross-sectional area, and a second electrode
15 supported by the connecting member will produce a thrust
along the axis of the curved electrode when potentials are
applied to the electrodes.
Similarly, a thrust may be de-
veloped between plane electrodes of unequal areas which
are connected
by a member of varying cross-sectional
The thrust developed by this last mentioned device
is further increased by the introduction of semi-conduc-
tive particles in the non-conducting member, which par-
ticles are more concentrated in the region of the smaller
electrode than in the region of the larger electrode.
ther, these tapered members having planar electrodes con-
nected to opposite surfaces may be stacked in vertcal ar-
rays and connected in parallel, or they may be stacked in
vertical arrays connected in series with similar vertical
embedded particles, which voltage gradient is greater than
that which would be introduced by a tapered non-conduc-
In applying potentials to these various embodiments,
tive member without embedded particles.
it has been found that the rate at which the potential is
Referring now to FIGURE 6 there is depicted a bank
applied often influences the thrust. This is especially true
of members 32 such as disclosed in FIGURE 5 in which
where dielectric members of high dielectric constant are
like electrodes 36A through 30E are secured together by
used and the charging time is a factor.
In such cases,
a connector in any convenient form, such as plate 38.
35 the field gradient changes as the charge is built up.
Each of these members 32A through 32E produces a
such cases where initial charging currents are also high,
thrust in the direction of the arrow 37A and the resultant
dielectric materials of high magnetic permeability like-
force is equal to the sum of the thrust produced by the
wise exhibit varying thrust with time.
individual members 32 in response to the application of
One advantageous manner of applying potential is that
potentials to the electrodes 34A-34E and 35.
of employing potentials which vary cyclically.
In FIGURE 7 there is depicted a pair of banks of mem-
It is thus apparent that one embodiment of this inven-
bers, such as depicted in FIGURE 6, in which the elec-
tion embodies a pair of electrodes mounted on an insulat-
trodes are serially connected. In this particular instance,
ing member, one of which electrodes defines an arcuate
a plate or other member 40 comprises an electrode on
surface to produce an improved thrust in response to the
which are mounted an array of members 32F through
45 application of direct current potentials. It is also apparent
A second electrode 42 is secured between electrodes
that this thrust is augmented by increasing the
electrodes 32K through 32P.
linearity of the field gradient by a progressively-changing
electrode 44 is connected to the electrode 34 on
characteristic of the dielectric member connecting these
each of members 32K through 32P. It is to be noted that
This non-linearity of field may be produced
electrodes 40 and 44 are connected to a source of one
50 by a gradient in electric conductivity, electric permittivity
potential while electrode 42 is connected to a source of
and/or magnetic permeability along the length of the
the opposite potential. The thrust produced by this array
member, or it may result from a change in the cross-
is in the direction of arrow 37B and the manner in which
sectional area of the rod which rod has otherwise uniform
this thrust is produced is similar to that explained in con-
characteristics.
nection with FIGURES 5 and 6, although it would appear
While I have shown and described various embodiments
that electrode 42 will experience a mutual attraction for
of my invention, it is understood that the principles there-
electrodes 40 and 44. A non-linear field gradient is pro-
of may be extended to many and varied types of machines
duced between these electrodes by the varying cross-
and apparatus.
The invention therefore is not to be
sectional area of members 32 and by the presence of
limited to the details illastrated and described herein._
semi-conducting particles in members 32. This non-linear
field gradient gives rise to the thrust, as mentioned above.
1. A device for producing thrust comprising a field
Referring now to FIGURES 8A, 8B, and 8C there is
shaping surface formed of stitched, closely spaced con-
depicted other illustrative embodiments of this invention.
ductors and having a dielectric material therebetween to
In FIGURE &A a toroid member 48 has an electrode 50
define a smooth surface, a dielectric member connected
supported at its center by means of insulating rods 52. If
to said field shaping surface and an electrode on the end
the electrode 50 and the toroid member 48 are both con-
of said dielectric member remote from said field shaping
ducting surfaces defining electrodes and these electrodes
surface, and means for applying electrical potential be-
are connected to sources of opposite potential, no thrust
tween said electrode and said closely spaced conductors.
will be developed by the device.
If, however, as depicted
2. A device for producing thrust in accordance with
in FIGURE 8B electrode 50 is translated along the axis
claim 1 wherein said dielectric member has a dielectric
of generation of toroid or annular member 48 and again
constant which varies progressively between said electrode
supported by non-conductive members 52, this device will
and said surface means.
experience a downward thrust, as indicated by arrow 53,
3. A device for producing thrust comprising an elec-
in response to the application of potentials of either 75 trode having a relatively large surface area, an electrode

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 4376, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,187,206
positioned in the region of the axis of generation of said
connecting member extends along the axis of generation
surface and having a relatively small surface area,
di-
of said first electrode.
electric means connecting said electrodes and means for
16. A device in accordance with claim 14 wherein said
applying a varying electrical potential to said electrodes.
first electrode defines a frusto-conical surface.
4. A device in accordance with claim 3 wherein said.
17. A device in accordance with claim 9 wherein said
dielectric means exhibits a dielectric constant which varies
connecting member comprises semi-conducting particles
progressively from a relatively high value in the region
whereby said connecting member is given a conductivity
of the large electrode to a relatively low value in the region
18. A device in accordance with claim 15 wherein said
5. A device in accordance with claim 3 wherein said 10 second electrode is a disk-shaped radiator and wherein
dielectric means has an electrical conductivity which varies
the potentials applied to said electrodes are alternating
progressively between said electrodes.
current potentials, the diameter of said disk-shaped elec-
6. A device for producing thrust comprising a planar
trode being equal to a half-wave length of the alternating
electrode, a second electrode positioned in the region of
current potential.
the axis of generation of said planar electrode and having
19. A device in accordance with claim 15 wherein said
a surface area smaller than the surface area of said planar
connecting member contains
semi-conducting particles
electrode, a dielectric member connecting said electrodes
which are more concentrated in the region of the disk
and means for applying a high electrostatic potential to
radiator than in the region adjacent said first electrode.
said electrodes.
20. A device for producing thrust in response to the
7. A device in accordance with claim 6 wherein said 20 application of electrical potentials to the electrodes there-
dielectric member is tapered from the planar electrode
of comprising an annular electrode, a second electrode,
towards the smaller electrode.
and insulating means connecting said electrodes whereby
8. A device in accordance with claim 6 wherein said
thrust is produced along the axis of generation of said
dielectric member has a conductivity which varies pro-
annular electrode in response to the application of electri-
gressively from a relatively high value near the planar
electrode to a relatively low value near the smaller elec-
21. A device in accordance with claim 20 wherein said
annular electrode comprises a torodial surface.
9. A device for producing thrust in response to the ap-
22. A device in accordance with claim 20 wherein said
plication of electrical potentials to the electrodes thereof
second electrode is mounted on the axis of generation of
comprising a first electrode, a second electrode having a
30 said annular electrode.
relatively large planar surface area with respect to said
23. A device in accordance with claim 22 wherein said
first electrode and means including a connecting member
second electrode is displaced from the center of said an-
supporting said electrodes in spaced relationship for pro-
nular electrode whereby a thrust is developed along. said
ducing a varying field gradient between said electrodes.
axis in a direction from said second electrode towards that
IDA device in accordance with claim 9 wherein said 35 annular electrode in response to the application of elec-
connecting member has a varying cross-section.
trical potentials thereto.
11. A device in accordance with claim 9 wherein said
connecting member tapers between said electrodes.
References Cited by the Examiner
12. A device in accordance with claim 9 wherein said
UNITED STATES PATENTS
first and second electrodes are flat electrodes of unequal 40
9/34 Brown
310—5
13. A device according to claim 9 including means for
applying a varying electrical potential to said electrodes.
14. A device in accordance with claim 9 wherein said
connecting member has a dielectric constant which varies
between electrodes.
15. A device in accordance with claim 14 wherein said
first electrode is a frusto-conical surface and wherein said
11/51 France.
MILTON O. HIRSHFIELD, Primary Examiner.
ORIS I. RADER, DAVID X. SLINEY, Examiners.
