{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T09:28:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 420813, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125358-cejka-patent-4151431.pdf", "source_sha256": "d877f5ba51616dcb7384f6bcd3059e13a8a61f2bc474b1f65f758cd8e038df16"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1774, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
51U -12
F462A
OR
SK
491519431
United States Patent 119
Johnson
[54] PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
(76] Inventor:
Howard R. Johnson, 3300 Mt. Hope
Rd., Grass Lake, Mich. 49240
[21] Appl. No.: 422,306
[22] Filed:
Dec. 6, 1973
[51) Int. Cl.?
H02K 41/00; HO2N 11/00
[52]
U.S. Cl...
*........ 310/12; 310/152
1581
Field of Search
...... 24/DIG. 9; 415/DIG. 2;
46/236; 273/118 A, 119 A, 120 A, 121 A, 122
A, 123 A, 124, 125 A, 126 A, 130 A, 131 A, 131
AD, 134 A, 135 A, 136 B, 137 AE, 138 A
[56]
References Cited
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,074,153 2/1978 Baker et al. ..........
310/12
Phoney sain or moves Find Beaman
157)
ABSTRACT
The invention is direcied to the method of utilizing the
[!]
(45]
4,151,431
Apr. 24, 1979
unpaired electron spins in ferro magnetic and other
materials as a source of magnetic fields for producing
power without any electron flow as occurs in normal
conductors, and to permanent magnet motors for utiliz-
ing this method to produce a power source. In the prac-
tice of the invention the unpaired electron spins occur-
ring within permanent magnets are utilized to produce a
motive power source solely through the superconduc-
ting characteristics of a permanent magnet and the mag-
netic flux created by the magnets are controlled and
concentrated to orient the magnetic forces generated in
such a manner to do useful continuous work, such as the
displacement of a rotor with respect to a stator. The
timing and orientation of magnetic forces at the rotor
and stator components produced by permanent magnets
to produce a motor is accomplished with the proper
geometrical relationship of these components.
28 Claims, 10 Drawing Figures
040
FERRITE OF
THIS INVENTION
ELECTROMECH
COFFSICI
020
alO
CONVENTIONAL
Ni FERRITE
10
20
BIASSING MAGNETIC FIELD H (Oe)
30

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
4,151,431

Sheet 1 of 2

U.S. Patent Apr. 24, 1979

9

LAL,
(ts
A

q

4
+
9

a
Z
A]
7

fim

O

TR
\_\ =)

“ea
ne”
ee
atl
x
la
c——2
> aie.
ee

S'S);
‘Na
ZN
“bh
2° S ow

<+
nm

——_———
\ea
oF
o——?
oc
> sin
yo
>

NS

pt
26
Sen
Nin
Ses
S82
ry

+

sy
Q} |
H] LE

i v,
TE: +
+ 9:

ao
<t

J

f

\\AN
"i

TT

aun
IN
f

N

IN

WO

eee
CS

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 309, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
‘U.S. Patent Apr. 24, 1979 Sheet 2 of 2 4,151,431

we fe gre

=) a tee
eT ae os *.
7s ~.* chet ia et ea a
+ - " . wet te ee
ee ey Tr at eee ee Ma
ee ee ae Da [ia a ii i re i i |
eee e ee * Bt ewe 2 FO yaa!  o@ Jaa sow
8? t ay wlan
A ool afoot
ee ae tis Ot
#, Tar wees
*
fentye . oy
*

20 10" 12 4-1 127 a 1G

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1072, "chars": 6781, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
flow of magnetic positive particles or magnetic flux
PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
causes the unpaired electrons to spin at right angles.
FIELD OF THE INVENTION
Under cryogenic superconduction conditions the freez-
ing of the crystals in place makes it possible for the spins
The invention pertains to the field of permanent mag- 5 to continue, and in a permanent magnet the grain orien-
net motor devices solely using the magnetic fields cre-
tation of the magnetized material results in the spins
ated thereby to product motive power.
permitting them to continue and for the flux to flow
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
In a superconductor, at first the electron is flowing
Conventional electric motors
employ magnetic 10 and the positive particle is spinning; later, when critical,
forces to produce either rotative or linear motion. Elec-
the reverse occurs, i.e., the electron is spinning and the
tric motors operate on the principle that when a con-
positive particle is flowing at right angles. These posi-
ductor is located in a magnetic field which carries cur-
tive particles will thread or work their way through the
rent a magnetic force is exerted upon it.
electron spins present in the metal.
Normally, in a conventional electric motor, the rotor, 15
In a sense, a permanent magnet may be considered
or stator, or both, are so wired that magnetic fields
the only room temperature superconductor. It is a su-
created by electromagnetics may employ attraction,
perconductor because the electron flow does not cease,
repulsion, or both types of magnetic forces, to impose a
and this electron flow can be made to do work because
force upon the armature to cause rotation, or to cause
of the magnetic field it supplies. Previously, this source
the armature to be displaced in a linear path. Conven- 20 of power has not been used because it was not possible
tional electric motors may employ permanent magnets
to modify the electron flow to accomplish the switching
either in the armature or stator components, but in the
functions of the magnetic field. Such switching func-
art heretofore known the use of permanent magnets in
tions are common in a conventional electric motor
either the stator or armature require the creation of an
where electrical current is employed to align the much
electromagnetic field to act upon the field produced by 25 greater electron current in the iron pole pieces and
the permanent magnets, and switching means are em-
concentrate the magnetic field at the proper places to
ployed to control the energization of the electromag-
give the thrust necessary to move the motor armature.
nets and the orientation of the magnetic fields, to pro-
In a conventional electric motor, switching is accom-
duce the motive power.
plished by the use of brushes, commutators, alternating
It is my belief that the full potential of magnetic 30 current, or other known means.
forces existing in permanent magnets has not been rec-
In order to accomplish the switching function in a
ognized or utilized because of incomplete information
permanent magnet motor, it is necessary to shield the
and theory with respect to the atomic motion occurring
magnetic leakage so that it will not appear as too great
within a permanent magnet. It is my belief that a pres-
a loss factor at the wrong places. The best method to
ently unnamed atomic particle is associated with the 35 accomplish this is to use the superconductor of mag-
electron movement of a superconducting electromagnet
netic flux and concentrate it to the place where it will be
and the lossless current flow of Amperian currents in
the most effective. Timing and switching can be
permanent magnets. The unpaired electron flow is simi-
achieved in a permanent magnet motor by concentrat-
lar in both situations. This small particle is believed to
ing the flux and using the proper geometry of the motor
be opposite in charge and to be located at right angles to 40 rotor and stator to make most effective use of the mag-
the moving electron, and the particie would be very
netic fields generated by the electron spins. By the
small as to penetrate all known elements, in their vari-
proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
ous states as well as their known compounds, unless
netic concentration, it is possible to achieve a mechani-
they have unpaired electrons which capture these parti-
cal advantage of high ratio, greater than 100 to 1, capa-
cles as they endeavor to pass therethrough.
45 ble of producing a continuous motive force.
Ferro electrons differ from those of most elements in
To my knowledge, previous work done with perma-
that they are unpaired, and being unpaired they spin
nent magnets, and motive devices utilizing permanent
around the nucleus in such a way that they respond to
magnets, have not achieved the result desired in the
magnetic fields as well as creating one themselves. If
practice of the inventive concept, and it is with the
they were paired, their magnetic fields would cancel 50 proper combination of materials, geometry and mag-
out. However, being unpaired they create a measurable
netic concentration that the presence of the magnetic
magnetic field if their spins have been oriented in one
spins within a permanent magnet may be utilized as a
direction. The spins are at right angles to their magnetic
In niobium superconductors at a critical state, the 55
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
magnetic lines of force cease to be at right angles. This
It is an object of the invention to utilize the magnetic
change must be due to establishing the required condi-
spinning phenomenon of unpaired electrons occurring
tions for unpaired electronic spins instead of electron
in ferro magnetic material to produce the movement of
flow in the conductor, and the fact that very powerful
a mass in a unidirectional manner as to permit a motor
electromagnets that can be formed with superconduc- 60 to be driven solely by magnetic forces as occurring
tors illustrates the tremendous advantage of producing
within permanent magnets. In the practice of the inven-
the magnetic field by unpaired electron spins rather
tive concepts, motors of either linear or rotative types
than conventional electron flow.
may be produced.
In a superconducting metal, wherein the electrical
It is an object of the invention to provide the proper
resistance becomes greater in the metal than the proton 65 combination of materials, geometry and magnetic con-
resistance, the flow turns to electron spins and the posi-
centration to utilize the force generated by unpaired
tive particles flow paraliel in the metal in the manner
electron spins existing in permanent magnets to power a
occurring in a permanent magnet where a powertul
motor. Whether the motor constitutes a linear embodi-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1038, "chars": 6761, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
ment, or a rotary embodiment, in each instance the
being imposed upon the armature magnets. In this man-
"stator" may consist of a plurality of permanent mag-
ner the speed of rotation of the rotary embodiment may
nets fixed relative to each other in space relationship to
be regulated.
define a track, linear in form in the linear embodiment,
and circular in form in the rotary embodiment. An 5
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
armature magnet is located in spaced relationship to
The aforementioned objects and advantages of the
such track defined by the stator magnets wherein an air
invention will be appreciated from the following de-
gap exists therebetween. The length of the armature
scription and accompanying drawings wherein:
magnet is defined by poles of opposite polarity, and the
FIG. 1 is a schematic view of electron flow in a su-
length of the armature magnet is disposed relative to the 10 perconductor indicating the unpaired electron spins,
track defined by the stator magnets in the direction of
FIG. 2 is a cross-sectional view of a superconductor
the path of movement of the armature magnet as dis-
under a critical state illustrating the electron spins,
placed by the magnetic forces.
FIG. 3 is a view of a permanent magnet illustrating
The stator magnets are so mounted that poles of like
the flux movement therethrough,
polarity are disposed toward the armature magnet and 15
FIG. 4 is a cross-sectional view illustrating the diame-
as the armature magnet has poles which are both at-
ter of the magnet of FIG. 3,
tracted to and repelled by the adjacent pole of the stator
FIG. 5 is an elevational representation of a linear
magnets, both attraction and repulsion forces act upon
motor embodiment of the permanent magnet motor of
the armature magnet to produce the relative displace-
the invention illustrating one position of the armature
ment between the armature and stator magnets.
magnet relative to the stator magnets, and indicating the
The continuing motive force producing displacement
magnetic forces imposed upon the armature magnet,
between the armature and stator magnets results from
FIG. 6 is a view similar to FIG. 5 illustrating dis-
the relationship of the length of the armature magnet in
placement of the armature magnet relative to the stator
the direction of its path of movement as related to the
magnets, and the influence of magnetic forces thereon
dimension of the stator magnets, and the spacing there- 25 at this location,
between, in the direction of the path of armature mag-
FIG. 7 is a further elevational view similar to FIGS.
net movement. This ratio of magnet and magnet spac-
5 and 6 illustrating further displacement of the armature
ings, and with an acceptable air gap spacing between
magnet to the left, and the influence of the magnetic
the stator and armature magnets, will produce a resul-
tant force upon the armature magnet which displaces 30
the armature magnet across the stator magnet along its
path of movement.
FIG. 8 is a top plan view of a linear embodiment of
the inventive concept illustrating a pair of armature
magnets in linked relationship disposed above the stator
In the practice of the invention movement of the
armature magnet relative to the stator magnets results
FIG. 9 is a diametrical, elevational, sectional view of
from a combination of attraction and repulsion forces 35 a rotary motor embodiment in accord with the inven-
existing between the stator and armature magnets. By
tion as taken along section IX-IX of FIG. 10, and
concentrating the magnetic fields of the stator and ar-
FIG. 10 is an elevational view of the rotary motor
mature magnets the motive force imposed upon the
embodiment as taken along section X-X of FIG. 9.
armature magnet is intensified, and in the disclosed
embodiments such magnetic field concentration means 40
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED
EMBODIMENTS
are disclosed.
The disclosed magnetic field concentrating means
In order to better understand the theory of the inven-
comprise a plate of high magnetic field permeability
tive concept, reference is made to FIGS. 1 through 4. In
disposed adjacent one side of the stator magnets in sub-
FIG. I a superconductor 1 is illustrated having a posi-
stantial engagement therewith. This high permeability 45
tive particle flow as represented by arrow 2, the un-
material is thus disposed adjacent poles of like polarity
paired electrons of the ferrous conducting material 1
of the stator magnets. The magnetic field of the arma-
spin at right angles to the proton flow in the conductor
ture magnet may be concentrated and directionally
as represented by the spiral line and arrow 3. In accord
oriented by bowing the armature magnet, and the mag
with the theory of the invention the spinning of the
netic field may further be concentrated by shaping the 50
ferrous unpaired electrons results from the atomic struc-
pole ends of the armature magnet to concentrate the
ture of ferrous materials and this spinning atomic parti-
magnet field at a relatively limited surface at the arma-
cle is believed to be opposite in charge and located at
right angles to the moving electrons. It is assumed to be
Preferably, a plurality of armature magnets are used
very smail in size capable of penetrating other elements
which are staggered with respect to each other in the 55
and their compounds unless they have unpaired elec-
direction of armature magnet movement. Such an off-
trons which capture these particles as they endeavor to
setting or staggering of the armature magnets distrib-
pass therethrough.
utes the impulses of force imposed upon the armature
The lack of electrical resistance of conductors at a
magnets and results in a smoother application of forces
critical superconductor state has long been recognized,
to the armature magnet producing a smoother and more 60
and superconductors have been utilized to produce
uniform movement of the armature component.
very high magnetic flux density electromagnets. FIG. 2
In the rotary embodiment of the permanent magnet
represents a cross section of a critical superconductor
motor of the invention the stator magnets are arranged
and the electron spins are indicated by the arrows 3.
in a circle, and the armature magnets rotate about the
A permanent magnet may be considered a supercon-
stator magnets. Means are disclosed for producing rela- 65 ductor as the electron flow therein does not cease, and
tive axial displacement between the stator and armature
is without resistance, and unpaired electric spinning
magnets to adjust the axial alignment thereof, and
particles exist which, in the practice of the invention,
thereby regulate the magnitude of the magnetic forces
are utillized to produce motor force. FIG. 3 illustrates a

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1134, "chars": 7114, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
horseshoe shaped permanent magnet at 4 and the mag-
the stator magnets 12 are indicated by the light dotted
netic flux therethrough is indicated by arrows 5, the
magnetic flow being from the south pole 1o the north
The armature magnet 24 is maintained in a spaced
pole and through the magnetic material. The accumu-
relationship above the stator track 22. This spacing may
lated electron spins occurring about the diameter of the 5
be accomplished by mounting the armature magnet
magnet 5 are represented at 6 in FIG. 4, and the spin-
upon a slide, guide or track located above the stator
ning electron particles spin at right angles in the iron as
magnets, or the armature magnet could be mounted
the flux travels through the magnet material.
upon a wheeled vehicle carriage or slide supported
By utilizing the electron spinning theory of ferrous
upon a nonmagnetic surface or guideway disposed be-
material electrons, it is possible with the proper ferro- 10 tween the stator magnets and the armature magnet. To
magnetic materials, geometry and magnetio concentra-
the means for supporting the
tion to utilize the spinning electrons to produce a mo-
armature magnet 24 is not illustrated and such means
tive force in a continuous direction, thereby resulting in
form no part of invention, and it is to be understood that
a motor capable of doing work.
the means supporting the armature magnet prevents the
It is appreciated that the embodiments of motors 15
armature magnet from moving away from the stator
utilizing the concepts of the invention may take many
magnets, or moving closer thereto, but permits free
forms, and in the illustrated forms the basic relation-
movement of the armature magnet to the left or right in
ships of components are illustrated in order to disclose
a direction parallel to the track 22 defined by the stator
the inventive concepts and principles.
The relationships of the plurality of magnets defining
It will be noted that the length of the armature mag-
the stator 10 are best appreciated from FIGS. 5 through
net 24 is slightly greater than the width of two of the
8. The stator magnets 12 are preferably of a rectangular
stator magnets 12 and the spacing therebetween. The
magnetic forces acting upon the armature magnet when
configuration, FIG. 8, and so magnetized that the poles
in the position of FIG. 5 will be repulsion forces 34 due
exist at the lage surfaces of the magnets, as will be 25 to the proximity of like polarity forces and attraction
appreciated from the N (North) and S (South) designa-
tions. The stator magnets include side edges 14 and 16
forces at 36 because of the opposite polarity of the south
and end edges 18. The stator magnets are mounted upon
pole of the armature magnet, and the north pole field of
a supporting plate 20, which is preferably of a metal
the sector magnets. The relative strength of this force is
represented by the thickness of the force line.
material having a high permeability to magnetic fields 30
The resultant of the force vectors imposed upon the
and magnetic flux such as that available under the trade-
armature magnet as shown in FIG. 5 produce a primary
mark Netic CoNetic sold by the Perfection Mica Com-
force vector 38 toward the left, FIG. 5, displacing the
pany of Chicago, Illinois. Thus, the plate 20 will be
armature magnet 24 toward the left. In FIG. 6 the mag-
disposed toward the south pole of the stator magnets 12,
netic forces acting upon the armature magnet are repre-
and preferably in direct engagement therewith, al- 35 sented by the same reference numerals as in FIG. 5
though a bonding material may be interposed between
While the forces 34 constitute repulsion forces tending
the magnets and the plate in order to accurately locate
to move the north pole of the armature magnet away
and fix the magnets on the plate, and position the stator
from the stator magnets, the attraction forces imposed
magnets with respect to each other.
upon the south pole of the armature magnet and some of
Preferably, the spacing between the stator magnets 12 40 the repulsion forces, tend to move the armature magnet
slightly differs between adjacent stator magnets as such
further to the left, and as the resultant force 38 contin-
a variation in spacing varies the forces being imposed
ues to be toward the left the armature magnet continues
upon the armature magnet at its ends, at any given time, to be forced to the left.
and thus results in a smoother movement of the arma-
FIG. 7 represents further displacement of the arma-
ture magnet relative to the stator magnets. Thus, the 45 ture magnet 24 to the left with respect to the position of
stator magnets so positioned relative to each other de-
FIG. 6, and the magnetic forces acting thereon are
fine a track 22 having a longitudinal direction left to
represented by the same reference numerals as in FIGS
right as viewed in FIGS. 5 through 8.
5 and 6, and the stator magnet will continue to move to
In FIGS. 5 through 7 only a single armature magnet
the left, and such movement continues the length of the
24 is disclosed, while in FIG. 8 a pair of armature mag- 50 track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12
nets are shown. For purposes of understanding the con-
Upon the armature magnet being reversed such that
cepts of the invention the description herein will be
the north pole is positioned at the right as viewed in
limited to the use of single armature magnet as shown in
FIG. 5, and the south pole is positioned at the left, the
FIGS. 5 through 7.
direction of movement of the armature magnet relative
The armature magnet is of an elongated configuration 55 to the stator magnets is toward the right, and the theory
wherein the length extends from left to right, FIG. 5,
of movement is identical to that described above.
and may be of a rectangular transverse cross-sectional
In FIG. 8 a plurality of armature magnets 40 and 42
shape. For magnetic field concentrating and orientation
are illustrated which are connected by links 44. The
purposes the magnet 24 is formed in an arcuate bowed
armature magnets are of a shape and configuration iden-
configuration as defined by concave surfaces 26 and 60
tical to that of the embodiment of FIG. 5, but the mag-
convex surfaces 28, and the poles are defined at the ends
nets are staggered with respect to each other in the
of the magnet as will be appreciated from FIG. 5. For
direction of magnet movement, i.e., the direction of the
further magnetic field concentrating purposes the ends
track 22 defined by the stator magnets 12. By so stagger-
of the armature magnet are shaped by beveled surfaces
ing a plurality of armature magnets a smoother move-
30 to minimize the cross-sectional area at the magnet
ment of the interconnected armature magnets is pro-
ends at 32, and the magnetic flux existing between the
duced as compared when using a single armature mag-
poles of the armature magnet are as indicated by the
net as there is variation in the forces acting upon each
light dotted lines. In like manner the magnetic fields of
armature magnet as it moves above the track 22 due to

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1065, "chars": 6977, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
the change in magnetic forces imposed thereon. The use
vector tending to displace the armature magnets in their
of several armature magnets tends to "smooth out" the
path of movement increases. However, the decreasing
application of forces imposed upon linked armature
. of the spacing between the armature and stator magnets
magnets, resulting in a smoother movement of the arma-
creates a "pulsation" in the movement of the armature
ture magnet assembly. Of course, any number of arma-
5 magnets which is objectionable, but can be, to some
ture magnets may be interconnected, limited only by
extent, minimized by using a plurality of armature mag-
the width of the stator magnet track 22.
nets. The increasing of the distance between the arma-
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a rotary embodiment embracing
ture and stator magnets reduces the pulsation tendency
the inventive concepts is illustrated. In this embodiment
of the armature magnet, but also reduces the magnitude
the principle of operation is identical to that described 10
of the magnetic forces imposed upon the armature mag-
above, but the orientation of the stator and armature
nets. Thus, the most effective spacing between the ar-
magnets is such that rotation of the armature magnets is
mature magnets. Thus, the most effective spacing be-
produced about an axis, rather than a linear movement
tween the armature and stator magnets is that spacing
being achieved.
which produces the maximum force vector in the direc-
In FIGS. 9 and 10 a base is represented at 46 serving 15 tion of armature magnet movement, with a minimum
as a support for a stator member 48. The stator member
creation of objectionable pulsation.
48 is made of a nonmagnetic material, such as synthetic
In the disclosed embodiments the high permeability
plastic,
The stator includes
plate 20 and sleeve 56 are disclosed for concentrating
cylindrical surface 50 having an axis, and a threaded
the magnetic field of the stator magnets, and the arma-
bore 52 is concentrically defined in the stator. The sta- 20
ture magnets are bowed and have shaped ends for mag-
tor includes an annular groove 54 receiving an annular
netic field concentration purposes. While such magnetic
sleeve 56 of high magnetic field permeability material
field concentration means result in higher forces im-
such as Netic Co-Netic and a plurality of stator magnets
posed upon the armature magnets for given magnet
58 are affixed upon the sleeve 56 in spaced circumferen-
intensities, it is not intended that the inventive concepts
tial relationship as will be apparent in FIG. 10. Prefera- 25 be limited to the use of such magnetic field concentrat-
bly, the stator magnets 58 are formed with converging
radial sides as to be of a wedge configuration having a
As will be appreciated from the above description of
curved inner surface engaging sleeve 56, and a convex
the invention, the movement of the armature magnet or
outer pole surface 60.
magnets resultsfrom the described relationship of com-
The armature 62, in the illustrated embodiment, is of 30
ponents. The length of the armature magnets as related
a dished configuration having a radial web portion, and
to the width of the stator magnets and spacing therebe-
an axially extending portion 64. The armature 62 is
tween, the dimension of the air gap and the configura-
formed of a nonmagnetic material, and an annular belt
tion of the magnetic field, combined, produce the de-
receiving groove 66 is defined therein for receiving a
sired result and motion. The inventive concepts may be
belt for transmitting power from the armature to a gen- 35 practiced even though these relationships may be varied
erator, or other power consuming device. Three arma-
within limits not yet defined and the invention is in-
ture magnets 68 are mounted on the armature portion
tended to encompass
relationships
64, and such magnets are of a configuration similar to
Which achieve the desired goal of armature movement.
the armature magnet configuration of FIGS. 5 through
By way of example, with respect to FIGS. 47, the
7. The magnets 68 are staggered with respect to each 40 following dimensions were used in an operating proto-
other in a circumferential direction wherein the mag-
nets are not disposed as 120° circumferential relation-
The length of armature magnet 24 is 3f", the stator
ships to each other. Rather, a slight angular staggering
magnets 12 are 1" wide, k" thick and 4" long and grain
of the armature magnets is desirable to
oriented. The air gap between the poles of the armature
the magnetic forces being imposed upon the armature as 45 magnet and the stator magnets is approximately 1!" and
a result of the magnetic forces being simultaneousiy
the spacing between the stator magnets is approxi-
imposed upon each of the armature magnets. I he stag-
mately f" inch.
gering of the armature magnets 68 in a circumferential
In effect, the stator magnets define a magnetic field
direction produces the same effect as the staggering of
track of a single polarity transversely interrupted at
the armature magnets 40 and 42 as shown in FIG. 8.
50 spaced locations by the magnetic fields produced by the
The armature 62 is mounted upon a threaded shaft 70
lines of force existing between the poles of the stator
by antifriction bearings 72, and the shaft 70 is threaded
magnets and the unidirectional force exerted on the
into the stator threaded bore 52, and may be rotated by
armature magnet is a result of the repulsion and attrac
the knob 74. In this manner rotation of the knob 74, and
tion forces existing as the armature magnet traverses
shaft 70, axially displaces the armature 62 with respect 55
this magnetic field track.
to the stator magnets 58, and such axial displacement
It is to be understood that the inventive concept em-
will very the magnitude of the magnetic forces imposed
braces an arrangement wherein the armature magnet
upon the armature magnets 68 by the stator magnets
component is stationary and the stator assembly is sup-
thereby controlling the speed of rotation of the arma-
ported for movement and constitutes the moving com-
ture.
60 ponent, and other variations of the inventive concept
As will be noted from FIGS. 4 7 and 9 and 10, an air
will be apparent to those skilled in the art without de-
gap exists between the armature magnet or magnets and parting from the scope thereof. As used herein the term
the stator magnets and the dimension of this spacing,
"track" is intended to include both linear and circular
effects the magnitude of the forces imposed upon the
arrangements of the static magnets, and the "direction"
armature magnet or magnets. If the distance between 65 or "length" of the track is that direction parallel or
the armature magents, and the stator magnets is reduced
concentric to the intended direction of armature magnet
the forces imposed upon the armature magnets by the
movement.
stator magnets are increased, and the resultant force
I claim:

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1009, "chars": 6707, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
10
1. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi-
13. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 12
nation, a stator track defining a track direction and
wherein said armature magnets are circumferentially
having first and second sides and composed of a plural-
nonuniformily spaced on said armature.
ity of track permanent magnets each having first and
14. A permanent magnet motor comprising, in combi-
second poles of opposite polarity, said magnets being
nation, a stator comprising a plurality of circumferen-
disposed in side-by-side relationship having a spacing
tially spaced stator permanent magnets having poles of
between adjacent magnets and like poles defining said
opposite polarity, said magnets being arranged to sub-
track sides, an elongated armature permanent magnet
stantially define a circle having an axis, the poles of said
located on one of said track sides for relative movement
magnets facing in a radial direction with respect to said
thereto and in spaced relationship to said track side
10 axis and poles of the same polarity facing away from
wherein an air gap exists between said armature magnet
said axis and the poles of opposite polarity facing
and said track magnets, said armature magnet having
toward said axis, an armature mounted for rotation
first and second poles of opposite polarity located at the
about said axis and diposed adjacent said stator, at least
opposite ends of said armature magnet defining the
one armature permanent magnet having poles of oppo-
• 15 site polarity mounted on said armature and in radial
length thereof, the length of said armature magnet being
disposed in a direction in general alignment with the
spaced relationship to said circle of stator magnets, said
direction of said track, the spacing of said armature
armature magnet poles extending in the circumferential
magnet poles from said track associated side and the
direction of armature rotation, the spacing of said arma-
ture magnet poles from said stator magnets and the
length of said armature magnet as related to the width
:20 circumferential length of said armature magnet and the
and spacing of said track magnets in the direction of said
spacing of said stator magnets being such as to impose a
track being such as to impose a continuous force on said
continuing circumferential force on said armature mag-
armature magnet in said general direction of said track.
2. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
15. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between said poles of said armature magnet 25 wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
and the adjacent stator track side are substantially equal.
upon said armature.
3. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
16. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
the spacing between adjacent track magnets varies.
wherein said armature magnets are asymmetrically cir-
4. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
cumferentially spaced on said armature.
a plurality of armature magnets are disposed on a com- 30
17. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
mon side of said stator track, said armature magnets
being mechanically interconnected.
wherein the poles of said armature magnet are shaped to
concentrate the magnetic field thereof.
5. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 4 wherein
18. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14, mag-
said armature magnets are staggered with respect to
netic field concentrating means associated with said
each other in the direction of said track.
35 stator magnets concentrating the magnetic fields
6. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein
thereof at the spacings between adjacent stator mag-
magnetic field concentrating means are associated with nets.
said track magnets.
19. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 18
7. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 6 wherein
wherein said magnet field concentrating means com-
said field concentrating means comprises a sheet of 40 prises an annular ring of high magnetic field permeabil-
magnetic material of high magnetic field permeability
ity material concentric with said axis and in substantial
engaging side and pole of said track magnets opposite to
engagement with poles of like polarity of said stator
that side and pole disposed toward said armature mag-
magnets.
net.
20. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14
8. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein 45 Wherein said armature magnet is of an arcuate bowed
said armature magnet is of an arcuate configuration in
configuration in the direction of said poles thereof de-
its longitudinal direction bowed toward said track, said
fining a concave side and a convex side, said concave
said armature magnet having ends shaped to concen-
side being disposed toward said axis, and said poles of
trate the magnetic field at said ends.
said armature magnet being shaped to concentrate the
9. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 1 wherein 50 magnetic field between said poles thereof.
21. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 14,
said stator track is of a generally linear configuration,
means for axially displacing said stator and armature
and means supporting said armature magnet relative to
relative to each other to adjust the axial alignment of
said track for generally linear movement of said arma-
said stator and armature magnets.
10. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim y Ss
22. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
force by permanent magnets using a plurality of spaced
wherein said stator track magnets define a circle having
stator permanent magnets having opposite polarity
an axis, an armature rotatably mounted with respect to
poles defining a track having a predetermined direction,
said track and concentric and coaxial thereto, said arma-
and an armature magnet having a length defined by
ture magnet being mounted upon said armature.
60 poles of opposite polarity movably mounted for move-
11. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 10,
ment relative to the track in the direction thereof, and of
means axially adjusting said armature relative to said
a predetermined length determined by the width and
track whereby the axial relationship of said armature
dimensions of said stator magnets comprising forming a
magnet and said stator magnets may be varied to adjust
magnetic field track by said stator magnets having a
the rate of rotation of said armature.
interrupted at
12. In a permanent magnet motor as in claim 10
spaced locations in a direction transverse to the direc-
wherein a plurality of armature magnets are mounted
tion of said magnetic field track by magnetic fields cre-
ated by magnetic lines of force existing between the

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1987, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,151,431
11
12
poles of the stator magnets and positioning the armature
magnetic field existing between the poles of the arma-
magnet in spaced relation to said magnetic field track
ture magnet.
longitudinally related to the direction of the magnetic
26. The method of producing a motive force by per-
field track such a distance that the repuision and attrac.
tion forces imposed on the armature magnet by said
5
manent magnets wherein the unpaired electron spinning
magnetic field track imposes a continuing unidirectional
particles existing within a permanent magnet are uti-
lized for producing a motive force comprising forming
force on the armature magnet in the direction of the
a stator magnetic field track by means of at least one
magnetic field track.
permanent magnet, producing an armature magnetic
23. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
field by means of a permament magnet and shaping and
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag- 10 locating said magnetic fields in such a manner as to
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
produce relative continuous unidirectional motion be-
the poles of the stator magnets.
tween said stator and armature field producing magnets.
24. The method of producing a unidirectional motive
27. The method of producing a motive force by per-
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag-
manent magnets as in claim 26 wherein said stator mag-
netic field existing beiween the poles of the armature 15 netic field is substantially of a single polarity.
magnet.
28. The method of producing a motive force by per-
25. The method of producing & unidirectional motive
manent magnets as in claim 26 including concentrating
force as in claim 22 including concentrating the mag-
the magnetic field of said stator field track and armature
netic fields created by magnetic lines of force between
magnetic field. y
the poles of the stator magnets and concentrating the 20
* = .
25
30
35
45
50
55
60
65

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 562, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE
CERTIFICATE OF CORRECTION
PATENT NO. : 4,151,431
DATED
: April
24, 1979
INVENTOR(S) : Howard R. Johnson
It is certified that error appears in the above-identified patent and that said Letters Patent
is hereby corrected as shown below:
The title page should be deleted to insert the attached title
page therefor.
Column 12, claims 26, 27 and 28 should be deleted inclusively.
Signed and Sealed this
Twenty-sixth
Day of August 1980
ISEALI
Attest:
Attesting Officer
SIDNEY A. DIAMOND
Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1675, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent (19)
• Johnson
[54] PERMANENT MAGNET MOTOR
[76]
Inventor:
Howard R. Johnson, 3300 Mt. Hope
Rd., Grass Lake, Mich. 49240
• I21l Appl. No.: 422,306
122] Filed:
Dec. 6, 1973
[5i] Int. CI.?
152]
HO2K 41/00; HO2N 11/00
U.S. Cl.
. 310/12; 310/152
158]
Field of Search
24/DIG. 9; 415/DIG. 2;
46/236; 273/118 A, 119 A, 120 A, 121 A, 122
A, 123 A, 124, 125 A, 126 A, 130 A, 131 A, 131
AD, 134 A, 135 A, 136 B, 137 AE, 138 A
[56]
References Cited
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,074,153 2/1978 Baker et al. .....
310/12
Primary Examiner-Donovan F. Duggan
Attorney, Agent, or Firm-Beaman & Beaman
(57]
ABSTRACT
The invention is directed to the method of utilizing the
38
22-
34
36
200
12
[45)
4151,431
Apr. 24, 1979
unpaired electron spins in ferro magnetic and other
materials as a source of magnetic fields for producing
power without any electron flow as occurs in normal
conductors, and to permanent magnet motors for utiliz-
ing this method to produce a power source. In the prac-
tice of the invention the unpaired electron spins occur-
ring within permanent magnets are utilized to produce a
motive power source solely through the superconduc-
ting characteristics of a permanent magnet and the mag-
netic flux created by the magnets are controlled and
concentrated to orient the magnetic forces generated in
such a manner to do useful continuous work, such as the
displacement of a rotor with respect to a stator. The
timing and orientation of magnetic forces at the rotor
and stator components produced by permanent magnets
to produce a motor is accomplished with the proper
geometrical relationship of these components.
25 Claims, 10 Drewing Figures
-24
36
34
34
