{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T01:52:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 246415, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125374-cejka-patent-4359776.pdf", "source_sha256": "e6894d901a33815ce179f2fee22c165bb64ebbc778adee0190334049252994e0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1518, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent 119]
Acket et al.
[54] DEVICE FOR GENERATING OR
AMPLIFYING COHERENT
ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION, AND
METHOD OF MANUFACTURING THE
DEVICE
[75] Inventors:
[73] Assignee:
Gerard A. Acket; Peter J. de Waard;
Giok D. Khoe; Gijsbrecht C. Wirtz,
all of Eindhoven, Netherlands; Tullio
E. Rozzi, Wirrat, England
U.S. Philips Corporation, New York,
[21] Appl. No.: 49,778
[22] Filed:
Jun. 18, 1979
130]
Foreign Application Priority Data
Nov. 8, 1978 [NL] Netherlands ...
Jan. 29, 1979 [NL] Netherlands
[51] Int. C1.3
[52] U.S. CI...
[58] Field of Search
... 7811085
... 7900668
HO1S 3/19
. 372/46; 330/4.3;
357/17
331/94.5 H; 330/4.3;
372/46, 19, 32; 357/17
[11]
145]
4,359,776
Nov. 16, 1982
[56]
References Cited
U.S. PATENT DOCUMENTS
4,251,780 2/1981 Scifres et al. ....
331/94.5 H
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
Hakki, "Carrier and Gain Spatial Profiles in GaA
Suzi-SO. Nov. Tasers", J. Appl. Phys vol. 4, PP
Primary Examiner—James W. Davie
Mayer, Steven or Bire- Thomas A. Briody; Robert T.
157]
ABSTRACT
A semiconductor laser/amplifier is disclosed in which
the radiation oscillates only in one longitudinal mode.
According to the invention this is achieved by a strip-
shaped active region which exhibits periodic variations
in amplification (and preferably also in the amplification
profile) in its longitudinal direction over at least a part
of its length. The period of the amplification variation is
at least ten times the wavelength of the radiation.
12 Claims, 11 Drawing Figures
13'
9'
I
A
8
5
4
S
113
3
2
II

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 141, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
U.S. Patent Nov. 16, 1982 Sheet 1 of 3 4,359,776

Deen eey//
Ee A RES ENE ES

FERRE AONE
VOECTOCCOHCCOOX PK?
OA CAG A \/Z NZ AN ON aN

VAAN

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 83, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 3, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
U.S. Patent
Nov. 16, 1982
Sheet 2 of 3
4,359,776
3-
FIG.5
13°
13
FIG.6
13
13
FIG.7

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 116, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
U.S. Patent Nov. 16, 1982 Sheet 3 of 3 4,359,776

21

VILELLLLLVCLLALALLMLLLLLLEALALLLO EL
x wx wsvunr MT J

FIG.10

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 990, "chars": 6535, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
1
2
Fabry-Perot resonant cavity between the reflection
DEVICE FOR GENERATING OR AMPLIFYING
COHERENT ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION,
AND METHOD OF MANUFACTURING THE
DEVICE
members is also very large.
In laser structures in which the reflection members
are formed by providing a spatially periodic change of
5
the index of refraction and/or the thickness on or near
the active region, taken in the longitudinal direction of
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
said region, the so-called DFB ("distributed feedback")
The invention relates to a semiconductor device for
structure as described, for example, in "Applied Physics
generating or amplifying coherent electromagnetic ra-
Letters", Vol. 15, February 1971, pp. 152-154, it has
indeed been possible to restrict the number of longitudi-
diation, having a semiconductor body comprising a
nal modes considerably, but, due to the very small per-
strip-shaped active region having a p-n junction extend-
iod of the variation of the index of refraction which is in
ing substantially parallel to a surface, and contact mem-
bers situated on either side of said p-n junction to supply
the order of 1 wavelength, these structures are very
difficult to realize technologically.
current to the p-n junction, one of the contact members
comprising an electrode layer which is situated above
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
the active region on the surface and which within a
It is an object of the invention to provide a semicon-
strip-shaped contact region forms a current supply
ductor laser or semiconductor amplifier in which the
contact with a readily conductive part of the semicon-
number of longitudinal modes can be restricted consid-
ductor surface.
20 erably and even be reduced to one, in which said fre-
The invention also relates to a method of manufactur-
quency-selective behavior is substantially independent
ing the device.
of the current, while technologically the structure can
Devices of the kind described are generally used in
be manufactured in a reproducible and comparatively
the form of semiconductor lasers, in which case the
simple manner.
active region is located within a resonator generally 25
The invention is inter alia based on the recognition of
formed by two parallel cleavage planes of the semicon-
the fact that this can be achieved by using a periodic
ductor crystal.
structure having a period which is considerably larger
However, the device may also serve as a selective
than one wavelength of the emitted or amplified radia-
amplifier of coherent radiation, in which case no reflec-
tion members are used.
A semiconductor device of the kind as described, in
the present case a laser, is known, for example, from
"Philips Technical Review", Vol. 36, No. 7, 1976, pages
According to the invention, a semiconductor device
of the kind described above is characterized in that the
active region within which amplification of the radia-
tion takes place comprises, along a cross-section in its
longitudinal direction, over at least a part of its total
Semiconductor lasers having a strip-shaped active 35 length a region having a spatially periodic variation in
region generally have the property that the electromag-
amplification in the wavelength range of the said radia-
netic waves amplified in the active region can oscillate
tion, the period of the amplification variation being at
in various modes. With respect to wave components
least ten times the wavelength of the emitted or ampli-
propagating in the longitudinal direction of the strip-
fied radiation within the semiconductor material.
shaped active region, these modes are termed longitudi-
Since the period of the amplification variation ac-
nal modes, while wave components having a direction
cording to the invention is at least 10 wavelengths, in
of propagation in the direction of thickness are termed
many cases more than 100 wavelengths, a structure in
transversal modes, and wave components propagating
which this is the case can be realized in a much simpler
in the direction of width of the strip-shaped region are
and more reproducible manner than, for example, the
termed lateral modes.
45 period structures used in the said DFB-lasers.
For many applications, in particular for communica-
With respect to the terms "periodical" and "period"
tion purposes, it is desired that the number of possible
it is to be noted that small deviations from a perfect
modes should be minimized so that preferably the laser
periodicity occur inter alia due to technological prob-
amplification is sufficient to maintain oscillation for
lems. Measurements have demonstrated, however, that
50 a deviation up to 10% from the true periodicity has
For the transversal and lateral modes a number of
measures have already been proposed to achieve this.
substantially no adverse influence on the operation of
the device according to the invention. When the term
For the transversal modes this may be done, for exam-
"periodical" is used in this application this is therefore
ple, by a suitable choice of the thickness of the active
to be understood to include a possible deviation up to
region and of the variation of the index of refraction in 55 10% from the true periodicity.
the direction of thickness in and near the active region.
The choice of the period distance of the amplification
For the lateral modes a restriction to one mode can also
variations, of the ratio between the maximum and mini-
be realized by a suitable choice of the variation of the
mum values of the amplification, and of the number of
index of refraction in the direction of the width of the
periods to obtain the desired reduction (preferably to
active region. Reference is made in this connection, for 60 one) of the longitudinal modes depends on various cir-
example, to H. Kressel and J. K. Butler, "Semiconduc-
cumstances and is based inter alia on the following
tor Lasers and Heterojunction LED's", New York
1977, chapter 7.
The difference Al between the wavelengths of the
So far no satisfactory solution has been found to re-
successive possible longitudinal modes must preferably
strict the number of longitudinal modes. Since the 65 be at least so large that only one mode is sufficiently
length of the strip-shaped region within which the radi-
amplified, while the wavelengths of the most adjacent
ation amplification occurs amounts to a very large num-
modes according to the curve indicating the variation
ber of wavelengths, the number of possible modes in the
of the amplification as a function of the wavelength for

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1014, "chars": 6643, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
the laser in question lie in places where said amplifica-
shaped active region may be formed by undulating lines
tion is insufficient to maintain the oscillation according or by zig-zagging lines.
to this mode. For this difference it holds that
Such a variable width of a part of the active region
can advantageously be realized by giving a part of the
contact region between one electrode and the semicon-
ductor surface a variable width, for example by using a
wherein n' is the effective refractive index, 1 is the
strip-shaped electrode layer of variable width, or a
wavelength of the emitted radiation in the active region,
strip-shaped aperture of variable width in an insulating
and L is the period, that is to say the distance between
layer present on the semiconductor surface, within
two successive points where reflection of the relevant 10
radiation occurs. Then n'=n (1-A/n-dn/dl), where n
which aperture an electrode layer contacts the semicon-
is the refractive index of the semiconductor material.
ductor surface. According to another method, in which
the active region is bounded laterally by a semiconduc-
In known strip contact lasers in which the amplifica-
tor region which forms a p-n junction with the active
tion is substantially constant throughout the active re-
region or which has a very high resistivity obtained, for
gion, the distance L is equal to the distance between the 15
mitror faces, usually the end faces of the crystal. This
example, by proton bombardment, the boundary be-
distance is a few hundred Am. From this follows for AX
tween said semiconductor region and the active region
a value of a few tenths of nm for conventional lasers. It
may determine the desired width variation.
will be obvious that with a period of, for example, a few
According to quite a different preferred embodiment,
tens of um the distance Al between wavelengths of 20 the periodic amplification variations are realized by
adjacent modes will increase to, for example, a few nm,
semiconductor zones which, in the longitudinal direc-
so that via the variation of the amplification in accor-
tion of the active region, are located at regular distances
dance with the wavelength the number of modes for
and show an electric conductivity differing from that of
which the amplification is sufficient to maintain the
the adjoining semiconductor material. Said zones pref-
oscillation can be considerably reduced and even be 25 erably extend from the strip-shaped contact region to
reduced to one.
the vicinity of the active region. They may be obtained,
Therefore, according to a preferred embodiment, the
for example, by proton bombardment, but they may
period distance of the amplification variations is at most
also be obtained differently, for example, by contour
equal to one fifth of the length of the active region.
epitaxy. However, they need certainly not extend up to
However, the distance 42 between successive modes 30 the semiconductor surface. They should be provided so
should not be too large either, or else the possibility
that the current distribution caused thereby causes a
might exist that not one mode can be found the wave-
maximum current density in those places which must
length of which lies within the wavelength range for
show a maximum amplification, as described hereinbe-
which sufficient amplification occurs to maintain the
radiation. The amplification profile generally shows a 35
A very suitable method of manufacturing the last-
maximum value for a certain (free-space) wavelength
mentioned device is characterized according to the
do. Within the full width half maximum (fwhm) of the
invention in that island-shaped metal layer portions are
amplification profile, that is to say over the wavelength
provided on the surface of a semiconductor plate with
range between the wavelengths for which the amplifi-
an active laser layer at regular distances in the longitu-
cation is half of the maximum amplification, the amplifi- 40 dinal direction of the strip-shaped active region to be
cation is sufficient to maintain the radiation. Therefore
formed, and that the said surface is then subjected to a
a further preferred embodiment is characterized in that
proton bombardment in which the said metal layer
the distance al between successive modes is at most
portions mask against said bombardment, the energy
equal to the said full width half maximum A, which
level being chosen so that the protons penetrate down
means in connection with the above that the period 45
to a small distance from the active layer, electrodes
distance of the amplification variation is at least equal to
being then provided on the lower and upper surfaces of
the semiconductor plate.
Dependent inter alia on the reflection at the junction
between zones having different amplifications in the
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWING
region of the periodic amplification variation, the com- 50
The invention will now be described in greater detail
bination of the number of amplification variations and
with reference to various embodiments and the draw-
the period distance thereof can be determined experi-
mentally by those skilled in the art. Generally, in the
region with periodic amplification variation with a
FIG. 1 is a diagrammatic partially perspective view
larger number of periods, a smaller variation in the 55 of a semiconductor device according to the invention,
amplification will suffice, and vice versa.
FIG. 2 is a diagrammatic cross-sectional view taken
According to the invention the amplification varia-
on the line II-II of FIG. 1,
tions can be realized in various manners. According to
FIG. 3 shows diagrammatically the variation of the
a first preferred embodiment the periodic amplification
amplification G over the cross-section III—III of the
variations are obtained by a periodic variation in the 60 active region.
width of the strip-shaped active region, over at least a
FIGS. 4A and B show amplification profiles in th
part of the length of this region. In the simplest case,
cross-sectional views taken on the lines AA' and BB' o
parts of constant and mutually equal larger widths are
the active region,
alternated by parts of likewise constant and mutually
FIG. 5 shows the relative intensity variation of the
equal smaller widths. Such a structure can be manufac- 65 radiation in the longitudinal direction of the active re-
tured by means of a very simple mask. The transition
between the wider and narrower parts, however, may
FIGS. 6 and 7 are plan views of modified embodi-
also be less abrupt; for example, the edges of the strip- ments of the device shown in FIGS. 1 and 2,

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 1056, "chars": 7079, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
5
6
FIG. 8 is a diagrammatic partially perspective view
refraction on either side of the cleavage plane, reflect
of another embodiment of the device in accordance
sufficient radiation to maintain coherent laser radiation
with the invention,
with current densities above a certain limit value, which
FIG. 9 is a diagrammatic cross-sectional view taken
radiation emanates in the direction of the arrows S at
on the line IX-IX of FIG. 8, and
5
the face 13. It is to be noted that the active region in this
1G. 10 is a corresponding diagrammatic cross-sec
application is to be understood to mean the region
onal view of the device shown in FIGS. 8 and 9 durin
within which in the operating condition the amplifica-
a stage of manufacture.
tion of the radiation in the active layer is positive.
All the figures are diagrammatic and not drawn to
In known lasers having the above-described semicon-
scale for clarity. Corresponding parts are generally 10 ductor sructure the lines 9 and 9' are straight mutually
referred to by the same reference numerals.
parallel lines which determine a strip-shaped contact
DETAILED DESCRIPTION
region and a strip-shaped active region of uniform
width. Within such an active region the amplification of
FIG. 1 is a partially perspective view and FIG. 2 is a
the emitted radiation is substantially constant along a
cross-sectional view taken on the line II—II of FIG. 1 15 longitudinal cross-section through the active region
of a semiconductor device according to the invention.
while the amplification profile measured across a cross-
In this example the device is a semiconductor laser the
section of the active region is also substantially equal
layer structure of which is of a known construction. An
everywhere. These known lasers can often oscillate in
epitaxial layer 2 of n-type gallium aluminum arsenide
(Alx Gal-xAs) having approximately 30 at. % aluminum 20
According to the invention, however, the active re-
(x=0.3), a doping concentration of approximately
gion within which amplification of the radiation takes
3.1017 tin atoms/cm? and a thickness of approximately 2
place comprises along a cross-section in its longitudinal
um is grown on a monocrystalline substrate 1 (orienta-
direction over at least a part of its total length a region
tion (001)) of n-type gallium arsenide GaAs having a
having a spatially periodic amplification variation in the
doping concentration of approximately 1018 atoms/cm' 25 wavelength range of the said radiation, in which the
and a thickness of approximately 80 um. An approxi-
period of said amplification variation is at least ten times
mately 0.3 um thick active layer 3 of p-type GaAs is
the wavelength of the emitted radiation within the semi-
present thereon and a layer 4 of Al Gal-xAs is again
conductor material. See FIG. 3 in which the variation
present thereon having the same atomic percentage of
of the amplification G is shown diagrammatically along
aluminum as the layer 2, now, however, with a p-type 30 a longitudinal cross-section beside the center of the
doping of approximately 5.1017 germanium atoms/cm?
region bounded by the lines 9 and 9'. The period dis-
Hereon is present finally a p-type contact layer 5 of
tance of the amplification variation is 40 um, which is
GaAs in a thickness of approximately 1.5 um and a
more than 160 times the wavelength of the amplified
doping concentration of approximately 1018 germanium
radiation within the semiconductor material which is
The interfaces between the layers are 35 approximately 250 nm. In the embodiment of this exam-
shown in solid lines. The layers 2 and 3 together form a
ple the periodic amplification variation is obtained by a
p-n junction 7 extending substantially parallel to the
periodic variation in the width of the strip-shaped active
region bounded substantially by the projection of the
Furthermore, regions 8 are present in the semicon-
lines 9 and 9', over a part of said region.
ductor body and have a very high resistivity, extend on 40
The distances a, b, c, d and p (see FIG. 1) are succes-
the surface 6 down to approximately halfway the layer
sively 5 um, 15 um, 20 um 20 um and 70 um. The
A and have been obtained by means of a proton bom-
number of periods is four; the period distance of 40 um
bardment. The regions 8 are bounded laterally by the
is less than one fifth of the length (280 um) of the active
side faces of the semiconductor body and by substan-
tially vertical boundary faces intersecting the surface 6 45
It is furthermore to be noted that in this embodiment
according to the lines 9 and 9'.
of the device according to the invention a periodic
Contact members in the form of electrode layers 10
variation of the amplification occurs not only in the
and Il are present on either side of the p-n junction 7 on
longitudinal direction of the active region but a periodic
the upper and lower surfaces (see FIG. 2), which layers
variation of the amplification profile also occurs over
are not shown in FIG. 1 for reasons of clarity. A cool- 50 the width of the active region. This is shown diagram-
ing member 12, preferably of a material which is both a
matically in FIG. 4. FIG. 4A shows the variation of the
good electrical and thermal conductor (copper) is in
amplification profile in a cross-section over the width of
contact with the metal layer 11. By applying a voltage
the active region taken on the lines AA' of FIG. 1, and
in the forward direction at the contact members 10 and
FIG. 4B shows the variation of the amplification profile
11 across the p-n junction 7, a current may be applied to 55 over the cross-section BB'. It is to be noted that the
said junction. The metal layer 11 within the strip-shaped
amplification G is not plotted quantitatively in FIGS. 3
contact region which is situated between the lines 9 and
and 4 but only to denote the nature of the amplification
9' forms a current supply contact with a readily con-
variation, in which it is expressed in FIG. 4 that the
ducting part of the semiconductor surface 6. As a result
amplification value, in the said longitudinal section III-
of this, a strip-shaped active region is formed in the 60 -IlI' located beside the center is higher in the cross-sec-
active layer 3 whose boundaries are determined to an
tion BB' than in the cross-section AA'.
approximation by the perpendicular projection of the
It has been found that the above-described laser oscil-
lines 9 and 9' on the layer 3.
lates only in one longitudinal mode, which is to be as-
Said strip-shaped active region is situated between a
cribed to the filtering action of the period structure. The
resonant cavity formed by the side faces 13 and 13' 65
distance between modes of successive order, with the
extending perpendicularly to the longitudinal direction
dimensions chosen in this case, is approximately 2 nm,
of the active region. These are (110) cleavage planes of
which, in view of the dependence of the amplification
the crystal which, due to the large difference in index of
factor G on the wavelength, is sufficient to obtain am-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 1120, "chars": 7107, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
plification for only one mode of oscillation to maintain
width variations. In the case described this is a high-
the oscillation.
ohmic region obtained by proton bombardment. In the
In this example the wavelength do for which the
embodiment described it is also possible, however, to
amplification is maximum is approximately 870 nm; the
use a region 8 which is n-type conductive and forms a
effective index of refraction n'=n(1-1/n dn/dl) for the 5 p-n junction with the adjoining p-type semiconductor
same wavelength is approximately 5.1 and the differ-
material; said p-n junction restricting the current to the
ence A between the two wavelengths for which the
active region.
amplification is half of that for the wavelength do is 12
The reflection at the discontinuities between the ac-
nm. Since the period distance (40 um) is larger than
tive region parts of larger and smaller width in the
(220/2n')), no two successive modes can both be suffi- 10 embodiment described is so large that one mirror sur-
ciently amplified to maintain laser oscillations.
face at the end of the laser structure will suffice; the
Since the ratio of the minimum and maximum width
function of the other mirror surface is then taken over
of the active region in the part with periodic amplifica-
by the feedback coupling caused by the periodic struc-
tion variation is sufficiently large, the reflection of the
ture. This case is shown in the diagrammatic plan view
junctions between the wider and narrower parts is suffi- 15 of FIG. 6. The side face 13' is a cleavage plane as in the
ciently large so that four periods will suffice. The said
preceding example; the side face 13 need not be reflect-
ratio is preferably chosen to be at least equal to 1.5 and
ing in this case.
at most equal to 5. With a smaller ratio than 1.5, the
The shape of the periodic structure may also be less
reflection at the junctions between the wider and nar-
discontinuous, for example, as shown in FIG. 7. Nor
rower parts is so small that a large number of periods is 20 need the length of the narrower parts of the active
necessary. With a ratio exceeding 5 the surface of the
region be equal to that of the wider parts.
wider parts of the active region becomes so large that
FIG. 8 is a diagrammatic partially perspective view
the overall required current strength and the associated
and FIG. 9 is a diagrammatic cross-sectional view taken
losses may become unacceptably large.
on the line IX-IX in FIG. 8 of a quite different em-
The variation of the relative intensity I of the radia- 25
bodiment of a device according to the invention. In this
tion in the active region according to the longitudinal
case also the device comprises a semiconductor body
direction of said region has been calculated
having an active layer 3 in which stimulated radiation
above case and is shown in FIG. 5. From this appears an
amplification can occur when a current is supplied in
important further advantage of the device according to
the forward direction to the p-n junction 7 by applying
the invention, namely that the maximum intensity of the 30 a voltage across the electrode layers 10 and 11, the
radiation near the ends of the periodic structure is con-
electrode layer 11 being in contact with a cooling mem-
siderably higher than near the mirrors or cleavage
ber 12. The electrode layers 10 and 11, as well as the
planes which are situated at the ends of the laser. When
cooling member 12, are not shown in FIG. 8 for reasons
the current strength is increased, the intensity is satu-
rated at the area of the maxima, at a value of approxi- 35
The active region bounded by the imaginary lines 9
mately 107 Watts per cm?. Saturation also occurs (at a
and 9' shown in broken lines in FIG. 8 is determined by
much lower value than at the maxima) at the mirror
a number of rectangular regions 20 the longitudinal
surfaces, so that the danger of damage of these mirror
direction of which extends parallel to the reflecting
surfaces is much smaller than in conventional lasers in
cleavage planes 13 and 13' and the length of which is 5
which the maximum intensity occurs at the mirror sur- 40 um, the width is 3 um and the periodic distance is 20
um. These are the regions in which the current density
The device described can be manufactured entirely
is largest and in which consequently the largest amplifi-
according to conventional methods. The successive
cation occurs in the active layer 3. In fact, a surface-
growth of semiconductor layers of various
adjacent region 21 of very high resistivity has been
compositions is generally known in the technology of 45 formed by means of a proton bombardment, which
the heterojunction lasers and is described in detail in
region extends from the upper surface down to a dis-
other places in the technical literature. Reference is
tance of approximately 1 um from the active region 3 as
made, by way of example, to the book by D. Elwell and
is shown in FIGS. 8 and 9 by means of the crossed
H. J. Scheel, Crystal Growth from High Temperature
shading. The regions 20 were masked during the proton
Solutions, Academic Press 1975, pp. 433-467. There- 50 bombardment so that the semiconductor region extend-
fore the manufacture of the layer structure need not be
ing vertically therebelow has remained readily conduc-
described in detail. The proton bombardment to form
tive. Since the region 21 does not extend entirely down
the substantially insulating regions 8 may be carried out
to the active layer 3, the amplification in this layer is not
by means of a suitable masking of, for example, gold at
adversely influenced by increased recombination as a
an energy of, for example, approximately 300 KeV and
55 result of the lattice distortion produced by the proton
a dose of approximately 1015 protons/cm?; the anneal-
bombardment, while in addition the current flowing via
ing of said implantation is carried out a approximately
the readily conductive semiconductor regions 20' situ-
500° C. for a few minutes during the alloying of the
ated below the regions 20 can slightly spread above the
electrode layers.
active layer 3 so that the parts of the active layer situ-
The region of variable amplification may extend 60 ated between the regions 20 below the region 21 still
throughout the length of the active region; generally,
receive sufficient current so as not to become absorbing
however, it desirable not to make the number of periods
for the radiation to be amplified. In principle the em-
larger than is necessary to prevent undesired current
bodiment of FIGS. 8 and 9 shows the same advantages
of oscillation in only one longitudinal oscillation mode
As already said, in the laser described the active re- 65 as that of the preceding example, although the occur-
gion is bounded laterally by a semiconductor region 8
ring amplification variations in this case will be smaller
which restricts the current to the active region and
so that in general a larger number of periods will be
hence shows a boundary face determining the said
necessary than in the preceding example. Whereas in

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 1056, "chars": 6846, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
10
the preceding example the desired result was obtained
which then is provided in a pattern bounded by the lines
by a periodic variation not only of the amplification but
9 and 9' of FIGS. 1, 6 or 7. In this case, in certain
of the whole amplification profile over the cross-section
circumstances the region 8 may also be omitted, if nec-
of the strip-shaped active region, the amplification in
essary. In the device shown in FIGS. 8 to 10 the regions
the device shown in FIGS. 8 and 9 is varied periodically s 10 may also be provided in another form, while for the
by a periodic variation in the current density through-
formation of the layer constructed from the regions 21
out the length of the active region. It should be ensured
and 20', other methods, for example selective epitaxial
that the regions of maximum amplification, that is to say
growth, may be used instead of a proton bombardment.
the regions at the area of the rectangles 20, are situated
• Other semiconductor layer structures and other suitable
in locations where the amplified standing wave shows a 10 semiconductor materials may also be used to be selected
by those skilled in the art from the ample literature
The device shown in FIGS. 8 and 9 can advanta-
existing in this field. In the examples, all conductivity
geously be manufactured as follows.
types may be replaced (at the same time) by the oppo-
Starting material is a semiconductor wafer 2 having
an active laver 3 which shows a laver structure which. e site conductivity type.
What is claimed is:
for example, is equal to that according to the embodi-
1. A semiconductor device for operation with coher-
ment shown in FIGS. 1 and 2 both in construction and
ent electromagnetic radiation, which comprises:
in dimensions, except for the region 8. Provided on the
a semiconductor body having a major surface;
upper surface of said layer structure is a metal layer
a strip-shaped active region having a p-n junction
having a composition and thickness suitable to mask 20
extending substantially parallel to said major sur-
against the subsequent proton bombardment. By using
conventional photolithographic etching methods, a
pattern is formed from said metal layer which consists
a contact member on each side of said p-n junction to
supply current to said junction, one of said contact
only of the rectangular regions 20 (see FIG. 10); the
metal is removed everywhere else. For this purpose, for 25
members comprising an electrode layer which is
located on said major surface above said strip-
example, a layer of photolacquer is provided on the
metal which, after exposure and development, remains
shaped active region, said electrode layer forming
only in the location of the regions 20 on the metal, after
a current supply contact with a conductive part of
which the metal not covered by the photolacquer is
said major surface within a strip-shaped contact
removed by etching. Alternatively, before providing 30
region above said active region; and
the metal, a masking layer may be provided on the
means for providing a spatially periodic amplification
semiconductor surface in which, at the area of the re-
variation in portions of said active region in the
gions 20, apertures are provided after which a metal
wavelength range of said radiation over at least a
layer is deposited on the masking layer and in the aper-
part of its total length in the longitudinal direction,
tures. The masking layer (for example a silicon oxide 35
the period of said amplification variation being at
layer) with the overlying metal is then removed, the
least ten times the wavelength of said radiation
metal remaining within the regions 20. These methods,
within the semiconductor material and at most
or any other suitable method, may be used to provide
equal to one-fifth of the length of said active re-
the metal strips 20.
gion, said portions of the active region having a
The upper surface is then bombarded (see FIG. 10) 40
common center line in the longitudinal direction.
with protons (22), the energy and the dose being con-
2. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 1,
trolled so that the protons penetrate down to a depth
characterized in that said active region is situated within
which is still approximately 1 um from the active layer
a resonant cavity.
3 and in this manner form the desired region 21 of very
3. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 3,
high resistivity, for example 104 Ohm.cm.
45 characterized in that the period of the amplification
The electrodes 10 and 11 and the cooling member 12
variations is at least equal to (22o/2n'A), where do is the
may then be provided and the device may then be fin-
free space wavelength for which the amplification is
ished. The cleavage planes 13 and 13' may be formed
maximum, n' is the effective index of refraction and A is
either before or after the proton bombardment.
the difference between the two wavelengths for which
In this embodiment also the period of the amplifica- 50 the amplification is half of that for the wavelength do.
tion variations is considerably larger than 10X the
4. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 1,
wavelength of the amplified radiation in the semicon- characterized in that the periodic amplification varia-
ductor material.
tion is obtained by a periodic variation in the width of
Both the semiconductor device shown in FIGS. I
the strip-shaped active region over at least a part of the
and 2 and that of FIGS. 8 and 9 may be used as a selec- 55 length of said region.
tive amplifier instead of as a laser. For that purpose the
5. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 4,
planes 13 and 13' are provided with an anti-reflective
characterized in that in the region of varying width,
layer. Incident radiation (for example from a glass fiber) parts of constant and mutually equal smaller width are
enters, for example, via the plane 13 and emanates via
alternated by parts of likewise constant and mutually
the plane 13'; amplification occurs only for the narrow 60 equal larger width.
frequency range which is determined by the periodic
6. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 4 or 5,
structure in the active region.
characterized in that the ratio of the maximum value to
The invention is not restricted to the embodiments
the minimum value of the width is at least 1.5 and at
described. For example, in the device shown in FIGS. 1
most 5.
to 7 other forms for the width variations of the active 65
7. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 4 or 5,
region may be used than those which are indicated in
characterized in that the active region is bounded later-
the examples. The shape of the active region may also
ally by a semiconductor region which restricts the cur-
be determined by the shape of the electrode layer 11
rent to the active region and which forms a boundary

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1840, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4,359,776
11
12
surface with said active region which determines said
said body comprising an active laser layer, said metal
width variations.
layer portions being provided at regular distances in the
8. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 1 or 2,
longitudinal direction of the strip-shaped active region
characterized in that the periodic amplification varia-
to be formed, and the surface is then subjected to a
tions are obtained by a plurality of semiconductor zones
5
proton bombardment in which said metal layer portions
located at regular distances in the longitudinal direction
mask against the bombardment, the energy level being
of the active region and having an electrical conductiv-
chosen such that the protons penetrate down to a small
ity differing from that of the adjoining semiconductor
distance from the active layer, electrodes then being
material.
9. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 8, 10 provided on the upper and lower surfaces of the semi-
characterized in that said zones are conductive and are
conductor body.
surrounded by high-resistivity semiconductor material.
12. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 4,
10. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 9,
characterized in that said strip-shaped active region
characterized in that the high-resistivity semiconductor
extends between first and second side faces of the body,
material is a semiconductor layer obtained by proton 15 said first side face being a mirror face substantially per-
bombardment.
pendicular to the longitudinal direction of the active
11. A semiconductor device as claimed in claim 9,
region and said second side face being a substantially
characterized in that island-shaped metal layer portions
nonreflecting face.
are provided on the surface of said semiconductor body,
* * * * *
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
55
60
65
