{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T06:12:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4151997, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125355-cejka-the-electrinium-battery.pdf", "source_sha256": "be8824cb3547fc198b752b3c446393b2e31fd60eb0f2ba95a653b0560f419efc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 3606, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 45
ELECTRINIUM FOUNDATION
OF AMERICA INC.
Arthur P. Summers
850 N 28th St.
Springfield, Oregon 97477
AN UPDATE AND EXPANDED VIEW OF
THE LAW OF ELECTRICAL BALANCE
The electrinium battery is based entirely upon the law
of electrical balance and the power of the atom, so let us
restate that law and give an expanded explanation
thereof.
THE ELECTRICAL CHARGE OF THE ATOM IS EQUAL
TO ITS WEIGHT, MULTIPLIED BY ITS VOLUME. BEING
ELECTRICALLY CHARGED IN THAT MANNER,
EVERY ATOM IS EQUAL IN POWER TO EVERY OTHER
ATOM WHEN THEY ARE OF EQUAL HEAT AND OF
EQUAL PRESSURE.
The illustration on the cover of Solar Radiant Energy is
an illustration of our Universe. The large circle is the
Central Sun which lies in the center of the Milkey Way.
The middle circle is our Solar Sun and the smaller circle is
the Barth. All energy in this Universe comes from the
Central Sun. It comes to us as radiant electrical energy
and is an evenly balanced power throughout the Uni-
verse. Thiselectrical force is not a substance, it is only a
force. The electron, which is a created substance, is the
carrier of electrical force. Without solar radiation, all
atoms would collapse and their electrons would lie
directly upon the nucleus.
To illustrate this energy force more clearly, it is com-
parable with a tire carrying 60 PSI of air. The tire is full of
energy and will lift and carry heavy loads indefinitely.
However, it isn't the air that has the energy, it is the pres-
sure under which the air is carried. A tire that has no
pressure is a flat and will do not work.
Our Universe is like the tire, the entire void is filled
with ether which is under electrical pressure from solar
radiation. The ether is a non substance, in a precreated
form, and is that from which all substances are created.
The law of electrical balance and the power of the atom
may be new to you but think about it in connection with
the Thermo-lectric couple, the silicon solar cell, the elec-
tret, the self actuated energy cell, chemaloy smelting
and all the inventions in which the volume is increased
or decreased through pressure or temperature change.
All the great forces produced and used by nature are
produced in this way. When the volume of an atom is
changed through heat, cold or pressure the electrical
balance changes between the present area and its
surroundings.
THE LEAD ACID STORAGE BATTERY AND
THE ELECTRINIUM BATTERY
It is believed that electricity is produced by a chemical
action in the battery. It is also believed that a storage bat-
tery can be discharged and can be recharged. None of
these beliefs are actually true; if you will follow along
with me and study the following drawings you will see
for yourselves that it isn't true.
The following illustrations are of the storage battery of
today and proposed electrinium battery of tomorrow.
These illustrations are of an extreme magnification of a
very small portion of a one cell battery. Only 9 atoms are
used in the acid battery, three each of lead, zine and
sulphur. Only six atoms are used in the electrinium bat-
tery, three each of lead and zine. The elements of lead
and zinc are used only for illustrative purpose.
#1 Is open circuit at full charge and shows atoms
positioned in a new acid battery ready for use. -A- Posi-
tive lead atoms, -B- Negative zine atoms. -S- Sulphur
atoms. -D- 24½ volt light bulb. -C- the gap between the
lead and zine plates filled with a solution of sulphuric
acid and water, compounded to produce a pathway of
conductivity with a resistance greater than battery
#
-
-
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2481, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 46
Fa Closed circuit at full discharge. One lead atom has
united with one sulphur atom, crossed the gap and
united with a zine atom, which created a full body of
electrical energy with both positive and negative AB
plus 5, or ASB. This energy then made the full circuit
through the light bulb -D- and retured to its metal
body - ASB- We now have a compound molecule, - ASB-
within a single atom circuit which is greater in force
than the next lead atom. The circuit is blocked until this
compound molecule is discarded in battery charging.
When the electric energy made the full circuit, it passed
through the bulb and crossed the gap twice. The gap
must be greater in resistance than the bulb, therefore
this flow of energy must have been greater than 74
DEMPSTER®
DEMPSTER
ASB
#3 Is a mass of Electrinium Compound in which the
lead and zine atoms have been united, producing com
pound molecules - AB- in which state they contain full
electrical bodies with both positive and negative pres-
#3
AB
The leading
name in
Windmills
for over a
century.
TAX CREDITS
5 YEAR WARRANTY
CERTIFIED TECHNICIAN
Sold, sarviced and installed in New Mexico by
WILLIAMSON'S
WATER WORKS
N.M. LIC,
WD 849
WINDMILLS • PUMPS • WATER SYSTEMS
Star Rt., Box 302
Tieras, NM 87059
(505) 281-5788
ent. This mass is now electric, like iron is magnetic. The
positive ends are greatly attracted to the negative ends,
the negative to the positive, the atoms form small circles
and energy flows on and on endlessly. This is just like the
flow of magnetic energy in soft iron.
#4 Is an Electrinium Unit. The body -E- is a very
hard substance of good conductivity, such as a semi-
conductor crystal. Within that body are three Electri-
nium molecules -A- that have been electrically aligned
with all positive ends in one direction and negative to
the opposite. All three -AB- molecules will produce at
all times with a combined energy output of over 22%
volts at light bulb -D-. This gives us a permanent source
of electrical energy, just like the permanent magnet.
Study these drawings, especially *1 and #2. How does
a battery work?? You can see that all energy that goes
out of it must return, so it really carmot become
discharged. The energy you charge into it must come
out, 50, it really can't be charged. WHAT REALLY DOES
HAPPEN??
Follow the circuit, starting with positive -A-, how it
then joins the acid atom -S- and rides on its back across
ENERGY UNLIMITED POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM, 87176

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1361, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 47
DV
SERIES 311-B
ZEPHYR
DIRECT
DRIVE
ALTERNATOR
A BUILDING BLOCK FOR WIND MACHINES
RATED 1.5 KW AT 450 RPM, 180 HZ
DIRECT DRIVE - LOW RPM
EFFICIENT - PERMANENT
MAGNETS
BRUSHLESS
RELIABLE - LOW
MAINTENANCE
WEATHER-TIGHT
RUGGED
the gap between the positive and negative plates and
joins the negative atom -B-. This produced the com-
pound molecule - ASB- which now contains the elec-
trical force of all three atoms within a single body. This
force, which is greater than any other force within the
circuit, leaves the battery through the switch, through
the light bulb, then back into the battery through -A-,
crosses the gap again and into its own body -ASB-.
Now this particular circuit is blocked, (discharged) by
the - ASB- molecule which is much stronger electrically
Sine
P.O. B0X241, BRUNSWICK, MAINE 04011
12071 725-6634
SOLAR MART SOLE REPT ENONG
SOLAR SUPPLY STORE
STOP SOLAR
134 Vermont N.E.
Albuquerque, NM 87108
(505) 262-2108
Free Solar Seminars
Free Catalog
DIVISION OF
Builders-Use Our Show Room For Your Customers
MOGULL STEPHENS ING.
Novan Collectors & Modules
Closed Loop Systems
Open Loop Systems
Draindown Systems
Kalwall Fiberglass Glazing
Kalwall Water Storage Tubs
Kalwall Insulated Skylights
Window Quilts
Thermol 81 Energy Rods
CUSTOM INSTALLATION or DO-IT-YOURSELF TAL
ENERGY UNLIMITED
POB 35637, Sta. D. Albuquerque, NM. 87176

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 715, "chars": 4639, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 48
heatpipe
PASSIVE SOLAI
HEATER
WILL
HARNESS THE POWER
OF THE
SUN A
professional, easy
1o use, accurate
and builds con-
sumer confidence."
- Jerry Tuderson,
Energy Cumie
Corporation
solar site
selector
ALL STEAM - from bicycles ta
cars and buses, light aircraft to air-
ships, canoes to coastai paddle
steamers, and small stationary to
massive beam engines.
FUELS - gas.
oil (including
waste oil, coal, wood,
sawdust,
peat (turt), solar, and nuclear.
Magazine - Plans - Books
Subscription: 1 year, $11; 2 years, $21
Sample with brochures 52
Dollar bills (NOT coin),
International Postal Money Orders
accepted
"STEAM POWER"
KIRK MICHAEL,
ISLE OF MAN, BRITAIN
•PASSIVE
•HIGHLY EFFICIE
•5 YEAR WARRANTY
•FREEZE PROTECTED
•MAINTEMANCE FREE
The nastard " passina Seise water Meater
uses the boiling and condensing of freen!
liquid to seniome nighir railanie and efficiens
partermanso with no moving pertemimetrie
power, pumps or contrale. This astoniod agaiam
highly cosi-effective and france prolesied.
Por information regarding distribution, contact:
DAVIO MILLER-(508) 856-4183
ENERGY
ENGINEERING y
7001 BLUEWATER RD. M.M., ALBUQUERQUE.M.M.
1808)-836-4182
87106
Dend Wright, AlA, renowned solar arenecr
Architecte • Oesigners • Builders • Planners
Solar Saiee Personnel • Installers • Utilities
Energy Audiiors • County City Officials.
An instant visual soier calculator and site selector
inat determines solar access toptimum direct
radiation, shading patters: percent al occlusion,
insolation). Ground or roof too levat, win or with.
our sun, tor cast site or cotector omentation, For
bassive, Mrorid. Or active systems design, con.
struction, or instalation, both new and retrant.
$70.50 (with winter grid/ plus 53.00 anipomg. Sum-
mer pra $4.0d additional Spacify nearest even
latituda. Extra minter or summer gride 28 00 sech.
Call residents add 5* ies. Money Dece guaranree.
Solar Site Selecio, DeptSE t
Pat Pending
105 Rockwood Drive
Grass Valley. CA 9504d 19181 272 2077
than the single atoms behind it. If it could be removed
from the circuit the atoms that follow it would be free to
move and produce energy. To do this a generator forces
energy through the battery backwards (charging) and it
breaks the -ASB- molecules loose, they fall to the bot-
tom of the battery and the circuit is again free to fune-
tion. Of course this is slowly destroying the battery and
the -ASB- molecules become sludge which builds up on
the bottom of the battery and in time will touch the bot-
tom edge of the plates and short them out. Very few
batteries ever wear out. They short out.
Study this carefully and you will see that a battery
uses within itself much more energy to fulfill a demand
than is actually attained in usable energy. The energy it
takes to bulid those - ASB- molecules is great in com-
parison to the small amourit it takes to break them loose
and let them drop to the bottom. They only need a little
bump and here is how it can be done. Read on, it's
already here.
SOLAR RADLANT ENERGY AND THE
ELECTRINIUM BATTERY
In studying the above drawing and seeing the - ASB-
molecule in the middle of the circuit which blocks all
traffie until it is removed or discarded, I wonder how we
can better this? It might be very simple if we could go
back 12,000 years to the electrinium battery of Atlantis.
In it the -A-& -B- atoms were combined into compound
molecules before they were installed into the battery.
Study Figure #4. The molecules never move and there is
no use for acid, there is no destruction of material, the
circuit never becomes blocked, and the energy can flow
on continuously forever. Another thing to notice in the
drawing of #4. The three -AB- molecules are lined up
Like flashlight batteries. Instead of having only two volts
the elecrinium battery will multiply its voltage over and
over again and a 1,000 volt battery will be common.
The storage battery is over 100 years old and during
that time many many different elements have been used
in its construction. To make a battery, two diverse
elements are used, a positive and a negative. The
positive element is always the smaller atom with the
greatest number of electrons and the greater electrical
force. The Negative is a much larger atom with fewer
electrons and a lesser electric force. Look at the element
table in your dictionary. Over 100 elements are listed and
each one has an atomic number which is the number of
its electrons. Next listed is its atomic weight. In selecting
the elements to be used in the electrinium battery both
these tables are necessary. The idea is to create a
ENERGY UNLIMITED POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, N, 87176

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 685, "chars": 4263, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
subetance that is out of electrical balance with its sur-
rounding elements. Note that the large elements
(negative) have a weak force. The small elements
(positive) have a strong force. Yet, under the law of elec-
trical balance they are equal. If we take a small atom
with great force and combine it with a big one with a
weak force, we will then have a large atom with a great
force and it will be out of balance with all other atoms.
The solar cells of today do this by expansion from solar
radiation. The self actuated energy cells do this through
compression and pressure. They were patented in 1983
but are not in production. The cell is of two parts, one
side is positive, the other negative. The two parts are put
together under pressure of 75 to 100 PSI (squeezed
tightly together) then sealed into a single unit which re-
tains the pressure inwardly. The finished cell (called
Sunergy) is 1" × 1"× 4"" and has an energy output of 1.9
volts x 6 amps. The electret is also new, has a very high
voltage but no amperage and is used in microphones.
All of these above devices depend upon some kind of
outside source to throw them out of balance electrically:
The out-of-balance feature will be built into the electri-
rium battery permanently. This will be done by combin-
ing all of the positive elements with all of the negative
elements. None of the electrical producing elements will
be atoms but will be compounded into molecules and the
battery will be solid state in which there is no chemical
action. In combining these elements, it is more than just
mixing together. It is like the cream being homogenized
with the milk; they become a compound substance that
will not easily separate.
Years ago a man called me from Phoenix and said his
friend had put together an electrinium unit and it
worked. Later when I got there the man was in the
hospital with a heart attack. When he was released I got
to talk with him only a few minutes and he promised he
would contact me again after he had recovered his
strength. He never did and now he isn't to be found. He
did tell me that he had used copper and beryllium to
make his compound but during further work the com-
pound destroyed itself. His idea was good and he should
not have had any trouble combining his compound with
the element germandum which would become the
crystal body,
Notice, the copper atomic number la 29 and its atomic
weight 15.63.546. The beryllium atomic number is 4 and
its atomic weight 9.0122. The atomic number for ger-
manium is 32 and its atomic weight is 72.56. After the
copper and the beryllium are combined into electrinium
compound the compound would then have an atomic
number of (29 plus 4) 33 and that is very close to that of
germanium which is 32. However, when we compare the
weights of the compound and that of germanium it is
even closer, Compound atomic weight would be (63.546
plus 9.0122) 72.5682 against the germanium atomic
weight of 72.59. That is awful close and with a little care
they should combine and stay mixed all through crystal
growth and cooling period. To align the electrical proper-
ties it has been suggested that a strong magnetie field be
used during the growing and cooling period rather than
using the DC or AC electric force.
Page 49
Save Labor, Save Costs...
Build support systems for
SOLAR COLLECTORS
with
KEE KLAMPS
and
ordinary
pipe.
Parlt quick, easy seesona!
angle adjustments.
Kee Klamps are strong malleable iron
castinga... galvanized to resial corrosion.
Use with slandard 1/2" to 2' pios
No
thresding. no baits, noscrews. no drilling.
Just use allen wrench, Build easily right
on the site. Save up to 70% in labor costs.
Seasonal anguiar
adjustment can
be
made quickly and easily Gives unlimited
scope to the designer and builder.
Sand for tree catalog that suoplies com-
plete ordering information and prices.
KEE KLAMPS
79 Benbro Drive Buttalo, N.Y. 14225
In Canade: 159 Repetta Road, Concord. Ontario L4K-IC7
Solar
Storage
Tanks
• Lowest Cost per Gallon! •
• Various Sizes Available •
from stock
• ASK FOR LITERATURE! •
SOLAR COMPONENTS
Div. KALWALL CORPORATION
P.O. Box 237, Manchester, N.H. 03105
Phone 603-668-8186
Visit our store at 121 Valley Street.
ENERGY UNLIMITED POB 35637, Sta. D, Albuquerque, NM. 87176
- 19/13
