{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T09:17:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5138850, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125354-cejka-the-immortal-life-giving-b-cell.pdf", "source_sha256": "8fc993b432244f72483d9ce550a6a2a7b123bc1470edfdeded1be600227c685c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1440, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADDITIONAL ESPress PRODUCTS
The complete story of Pharmacist John Brown's
discovery of the B Cell is available in The
Psychic Observer, Vol. XXXIV, No. I..
*..$1.00
inchic Observer
SUBSCRIPTION FORM
and CHIMES
ONE YEAR /12 issues/ 97-50
Canadian and Foreign Subscriprons $9.50 per year
NAME
STREET
CITY
MAKE CHECK PAYABLE TO
STATE
ZIP
ESPress, Ins.
Box B606. Washington. D.C. 20011
VIS VITAE (Vigor of Life) is reddish- THE WONDER MINERAL
brown crushed rock It wasdiscovered
in South Africa by Frank Mill while
dowsing for water in 1947. Handling
the rock, Hill felt a mild tingling ser-
sation
Upon futher investigation
VIE VITAL"
The Wander Whene
ho found that the rock could ease pain
and_improve hearth
PSYCHIC OBSER-
VER rested VIS VITAE for the pariod
of one year conducting a special pro-
jact named ""Proviva** which assembled
hundreds of reports on its effective-
Two dram phia!
and Instruction pamphlet
$5.00
ness, The substance has been checked
radionically and found to have potent
healtt-giving properties.
VIS VITAE
Box 8506
Wash, DC 20011
ESPrexa,Ins.
P.O. Box 8606
Washington, D.C. 20011
16
A NEW AND REVOLUTIONARY FORM OF MICROSCOPIC ORGANISM",
UNKNOWN TO ORTHODOX BIOLOGICAL SCIENCE.
The IMMORTAL
LIFE-GIVING B-CELL!
I have found the object of global Science's expectation, a discavery
none expected possible in this century - the long sought missing
link in evolution - the secret of pure life.
*-John Brown
ESPress,Ins.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2305, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE B-CELL IN BRIEF
..-
It is:
A new form of microscopic organism discovered in 1950 by
John Brown, pharmacist of Middlebore, Massachusetts.
What is New ?
- It is composed of many nuclei. Each nucleus consists of
genes and chromosomes.
Reproduction is by DNA chain
procedure like higher forms, and also by division. under dif-
fering conditions,
The nucleus stores light energy through its new pigments.
The light energy is radiated ar high frequencies and low
wave lengths.
hen passed througha prismine fight energy does nor separat
nfo a spoctrum and does not bocome visio/o
Neutralizes Chlorine and Flourine in drinking water.
It is claimed to counteract and efiminate atomic radiation in
drinking water.
Attacks all bacteria and chemical conditions which are damag-
ing to living plants and anima/s.
Improves and accolerates plant and anima/ health and growth
rates many fold.
See was tirst created in a measure these radiations. Radionic
organic instruments reveal that the pigments
grown foodstuffs by the late John emit fantastic amounts of the energy
Brown, a pharmacist of Middleboro,
known as "white light"..that part
Mass.
The Brown Cell (B-Cell) is of light which does not become
plant cell life transmuted into ani- visible as color when projected
mal cells by the Brown process. The through a prism. It is often called
Static plant cells are
atomically
"solar energy", "cosmic" or "uni-
reduced to their basic elements,
versal'*
energy,
*holy breath,
then reformed into motile animal
"prana," the Life Force, Etc. All
cells.
life forms are said to be sustained
The cells conlain multiple
by this force or energy
which is
nuclei
composed
of genes and electric and magnetic in nature.
chromosomes which regulate the An insufficiency of this force
"hereditary* growth of plant and causes unhealthy conditions in
animal life forms.
These nuclei
life forms. Complete absence of it
contain
light-sensitive pigments
results in death.
which store energy in the form of
Years of research
light, and radiate at high frequenc- and experimentation by pharmacist
ies
and low wave lengths identical Brown confirmed that the light-sen-
to the Life Force. Orthodox scien- sitive pigments were extremely ef-
tific instruments cannot detect or fective in correcting the deficiency
The B-cell, 24 hours old.
3

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 2057, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27 sudospodium arystal TIlansate
they contada a omtritugal taro
Do Cropogone end Gase Desaratre Living Coll
Rosal ogous Chrosoeones snd
Danes within the Gurososome
Bodies.
derived tron the oell
muale1 colonies efter
L Colasies of oell nualei after
у0ерs14.
mals.
of the life force in plant and ani-
catalyzed water. We have hundreds
of
incredible reports of benefits
obtained by users of the cell water.
The radiative effect 'the same
rate as radium)
is obtained by
combining the live cells
with a
The C.W. England Laboratories
special cement mix to form a solid of Wash. D.C. tested the cell cata-
matrix, or holder" for the pig- lysts in December of 1965 and re-
ments. . The cells, being mostly
ported they removed chlorine and
fluid, evaporate in the drying pro- flourine from city water supplies of
cess and
leave the microscopic, New York City. Tests made at Cal
granules of light-sensitive pigments Tech in Pasadena showed the cell
embedded in the cement. The pig-
catalysts neutralized highly chlor-
ment radiations have a strong af- inated water and cultures of sewage
finity for oxygen and when placed bacteria (B. Coli) even after the
in water impregnate the water via
cells were excessively sterilized
harmonics with their life force. The
in the Cal Tech autoclave.
The
force is transferred to olant and
University of Quebec reported cell
animal forms through use of the
water is 100 % pure.
A CAUL
UP DIReCTO
COPY
Preduct
Received trem
Dale Bacaine
THE C. W. ENGLAND LABORATORIES
Canaulate and Analpa la da Daip and Paod Industriar
Daciarsdegical - Chrmical - Paynical
STO LADENGRUNO HOAD. M.E
WASHINGTON. D.C. 20018
CERTIFICATE OF ANALYSIS
(A.O.A. Scenar 5, 1965
and A.P.H.A. Mathodr)
New York City Water - Martinique Hotol, Coffee Shop, 11/26
Ethical Producta Co-op Aaactation, 2420 MLlaon Boulevard,
Arlington, Virginl
December 1, 1965
REPORT
WATER BEFORE IREATHENT
WATER AFTER TREATMENT
with Trans-Bay Catalyst #2
O-CELL
CHLORTHLE
0.32
0.00
FLUORTHE
0-91
0.00
THE C. W. ENGLAND LABORATORIES
Hered kice sull: _
PEE
Harold H. Windlan
ниц/hap

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 801, "chars": 4912, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From the Discoverer's Files
Evidence of Effectiveness
MR. G., FOR EXAMPLE, suffered a grown in my test plots (a sweet
protruding hemorrhoid withocca- smoke, by the way). In spite of
sional bleeding. He had been using
usually arduous dayand considerable
B-Cell matrix water on his garden
mental concentration, I seldom tire.
and household plants with excellent
results and decided it must contain
A man of 82, however, would seem to
something "wonderfully beneficial. offer more convincing proof of the B-
Both he and his family started to Cell's rejuvenating powers. Mr. W is
drink the water. His hemorrhoid dis- a retired railroad engineer. Some
appeared about a year ago and has years ago when his prostate glands
not returned.
He is sure that the
were removed, he lost sensation"
cell water rid him of the condition.
of urinal tract and passage, forcing
him to wear a bladder. Because he
Crippled with arthritis for 17 years, found the appliance bothersome,
another victim was hardly able to was eager to discard it and secretly
walk. I met him after someone had
began drinking the cell water form-
given him the cell water. This man
erly reserved for his garden. Mr.W
is spry and upright again and cur- insists that ingestion of the B-Cell
rently he is painting houses. Or,
water not only helped him to discard
take the case of Mr. W. whose condi-
his ill-acting appliance but has taken
tion has been painful urination and
years off the record of longevity. He
passing blood.
He was frightened
proceeded to demonstratethat he had
enough to see a doctor. The diagnos- gained muscular control and coordi-
tician suspected that he might have nation throughout his whole body,
cancer of the prostate gland, common
crossing the fingers of each hand
among middle-aged men. Before the
over the other, placing a foot atop a
physician could announce his final
porch floor higher than his waist,
decision, the patient was using cell
skipping rope, turning a somersault.
water of his own accord. Both the
Hehas regained his ability to eat and
bleeding and the pain ceased, he
retain all food, he says.
said, in less than two weeks.
Although I have never actedas either
My own case, perhaps, stands in sec-
prescriber or therapist, I have never
ondary value to most of the others,
been surprised at whatever results
but I have not experienced a cold in
are divulged by these people, for
ten years. 1 can also show that the
some of my own experiences with the
skin on my arms and legs is as
Immortal Cell have disclosed the
smooth and pliant as a young man's,
cause of various diseases in plants
and 1 am now 66 years of age. Al- and animals. Actually, they become
though I do not drink liquor, 1 smoke
sick in much the same way as hu-
incessantly of CELL-treated tobacco
mans.
Supplementary Information
John Brown's Meeting With FDA Agents
Department of Agriculture Efforts
To Utilize B -Cell at Beltsville, Md.
IN 1950 two agents from the Food and Drug Administration
questioned Brown for hours at his laboratory. Brown freely ex-
plained his cells and how the pigments worked, cooperating to the
point of giving the government agents a jar of the cell culture for
analysis at the U.S. Department of Agriculture Station at Beltsville,
Md. Brown's offer to accompany them to supervise and explain the
analysis was rejected despite his warning that the USDA knew noth-
ing about the cells or how to analyze them and that the cells could
not survive without the special care he alone could render.
In 1961 the USDA published a
Information in the LIFE
special report. ARS Special Report article and the USDA Special Re=
22-64, Plant Light -Growth Discov - port is identical to statements and
eries • in which it is claimed their information found in Browns lab note-
scientists discovered the light-sen-books, dated Feb. 1953 .. fully 8
sitive pigments, which they named years before the USDA report was
*Phytochrome* (plant color). The püblished. In fact, one word alleged-
USDA has made extensive tests ly *•coined* by the USDA is con-
and plant experiments since then tained (and better
explained) in
to confirm the effect of the pigments Brown's notebooks.
Who actually
upon plant life. See the lan. 24, coined this unusual word to explain
1969 issue of LIFE magazine
in the new principle of growth?
which the USDA declares their dis- USDA scientists claim to have dis-
covery of •*A hitherto unknown covered it. However, the USDA dis-
substance
(phytochrome) which
covered that they could not syn-
controls and regulates the growth
thesize the pigments as they
proteins so they have experimented
of plant life*. That is, it is the
with color radiations instead. The
DNA of plant life. As plant and
D-cell creates and uses the natural
animal cells are the same, it fol- pigments which are manufactured in
lows that it is also the DNA of the cell cultures of organic tissues,
animal life.
• process unknown to the USDA.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 623, "chars": 3550, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Brown's Last Letter
rays or radiation on germ cells (cre-
Addressed To Meade Layne
ation), Cosmic 100 percent instead
December 1957
of the 25 percent we are now getting-
The BCell in its present state of
**Thank you for the nice letter and
evolution has reached a much higher
also for your great interest in the B
stage of life than back east.
The result here
energy here in this great state has
in the valley as well as in the State more than doubled as the magnetic
of California on the cotton crops is
pendulum will prove. I believe this
the best that was ever produced in
is all due to the everlasting sunshine
the history of the state.
This is con- and the attitude in California.
firmed by the local papers here in could get a good unorthodox
the volley. Where the Cell was ap- tist to view the Cell under the micro-
plied to the cotton crops, it produced
scope in natwal sunlight, he will
up to as much as five bales where find what I write is true.
before the best they could get was
a new universe in motion.
Probably
from one to two bales.
you may have a good friend who will
The cotton grown this year be interested in making this a better
is the best concerning the color and
fibres; so good that this is the first place for all of us.
time the growers have goi a premium / would like to open up a small lub-
of 3 cents a pound.
The Cell went oratory to continue my non-profit
to work with the bees, pollination, research work. Probably you could
which I knew was responsible for help me to spread the word to all the
the good results.
satisfied B-Cell users, such as start-
ing a fund to support the coming re-
"There is a great deal more to this seorch especially in the field of
phase of the discovery that cannot ogriculture. I would like to start this
be explained on paper, but in the work with o new, semi-carbonized
near future 1 intend to pay you a plant tissue which has been innocu-
my good friend, and tell you lated with the living cell and the
more about this great work that en- autocarbon catalyzers.
These give
lightens all life on the planet. It is us the answers to eliminating the
the onswer to the present turmoil. hydrocarbons and sludge from the
If they want a real cosmic Sputnik, auto engines. They are the answer
they will find it in the Cell as it to smog in our cities. This auto cal-
reaches the photosynthetic phase in alyzer, I am glad to report, also
the evolutionary prosess.
Here it eliminates, the ping from the cheaper
resembles a universe in motion, with grades of gosoline.
Well, doctor,
a central sun and the planets revolv- probably you can get something from
ing or rotating centrifugally around these poorly written lines to write a
the central sun. There is so much to story in your valuable publication to
this great phenomeno of the living help in the research that lies ahead
that one connot do it justice by try- of us. Anything you can do will be
ing to explain it on paper. All that / greatly appreciated by me as well as
can tell you is that the cell will those who have already made use of
show how it creates life under the the discovery.
John C. Brown
microscope in natural sunlight, or
1727 Emma Lee Lane
the effects /
Mitogenetic Cosmic
Hanford, California
LO. Carpete
D-CELL EXPT II
12/22/72
Two DI Samples tahen 12/15/72 200m/ each
Somple I treate with D-Cell Samph It Leftao is.
Bith samples left in min at room temp. for 72 has and
tamped
10cc filted them millpone sampling kit
and cuttined As 72/m. Pesults below =
Sampl 1
Cell
Sample I
Untreated DI water.
O calonies /nl
+ Eou

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2033, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
D-CELL EXPERIMENT ~I
• DI water from II I lab - run for 1min sample 1
taken 200ml in clean new pyrex beater. Sample 2
200ml in elean new pyrex beaher.
D. Cell placed in Sample 1
Both samples stored for This.
Ten MI sample of each drawn off. entered with
millipore Bacteia Tast Kit- cultured for 72 ho
Samples as below:
SAMPLE 2
untreated
40 cd/ml
SAMPLE 1
D-Cali TrasteR
O col/ml
10
That Eternal Urge!
by JOHN FOREMAN
A lady in San Fran-
cisco wrote to me a month or so ago and said she's heard about the
D-Cells and she wanted one to try on a plant. She said "I would not
think of drinking the water. A few weeks later she wrote to me.
She had wonderful results. Her plants were just doing lovely. She
was growing avocado seeds she'd never been able to grow before.
She said she's now drinking the water. She learned from her best girl
friend of some amazing results from using the water, so she started
drinking the water. And you should see the letter I got from her two
days ago. Four pages, single spaced, typewritten. This woman's on
cloud nine! But the most amazing thing of all, she said, "this thing
brings back sex!• This sixty-year-old woman who said she had felt
like she was 80 dragged herself home from work too tired even to watch
TV, her feet killing her, etc., like a dishrag. After several weeks of
this water, she said she felt as if she was 20, her feet don't hurt
any more, she's just as lively as she can be, and it's bringing back
sex!
This is one of the things which Brown also stated in his notebook.
He explained it in a very moral manner. Sex is life. Life manifests
and shows thru sex - that is, the life force is received thru the sex
organs.l don't recommend it for that, but it does offer a very promis-
ing future for our senior citizens. You might say that it will take
them out of their rocking chairs and put them back on the sofas! 1
don't want to give you the idea that drinking the Cell-water will make
you young again or get rid of your old age, but it will make you enjoy
it a lot better!.
11

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1852, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
comments by Brown
• a. The B-Cell is the key to the cure From a single kernel of corn 1 ob-
and eventual eradication of the tained seven complete, uniform tall
deadliest diseases known to man-stalks bearing from 15 to 21 ears
kind.
of delicious com. These were en-
tirely free from cornborers or lesser
b. Once developed and regulated
destructive parasites. The rows of
for widespread use or application, corn on the cobs themselves were
will rejuvenate the weary bodies
increased from 8 to as many as 18.
and
minds of our aged people.
The suckers or shoots became corn
stalks in themselves, with leaves
c. Hunger can be eliminated from as wide and green as the mother
the face of the earth with a new plant.
This is an extraordinary
kind of more abundant food, of occurrence, as any farmer will
more nutritive value and cheaper agree. The corn was very sweet and
nuclean protein foods which are could be eaten raw.
now growing in my laboratory test
Purite a lot airy 182
My tomato plants were heavy with
plots for all to see.
rich ruby fruits, and one plant pro-
duced over 300 of them:
d. The introduction of the Immortal
Cell to the water reservoirs and
farms of our land will signal the
In my clover beds I found stems
reaching a height of 69 inches.
end of pollution and destructive, Timothy hay grew six feet or taller.
disease-carrying parasites.
THE PHAGOUS PHASE
As it goes through organic evolution, in this phase the B-Cell is capable of
destroying all parasitic bacteria that attack all life.
THE IMMORTAL D-CELL
One of John Brown's co-workers,
Hilart. Dorey, continued the re-
search with the B-oell after
Brown's passing. The designation
of the matrix form of the B-cel]
became D-cell. (B for Brown and
D for Dorer). Pictured above are
some of the sizes and forms of
matrix orloatalyst, in which the
D-cellula currently being offered.
13

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 575, "chars": 3391, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DIRECTIONS
Use Of The D-Cell Catalysts
Matrix for One Gallon
ALL PURPOSE. Put the catalyst in a gallon or half-gallon glass jar and
filf with water. Let this stand overnight. The next morning the water will
be charged It can now be used for every purpose, in the same:way as tap
such as drinking, cooking, making ice, coffee, and tea Boiling
or freezing has no discernable effect upon the charged water,
Replace water
used from the jar at once. Keep the jar full, Small amounts of added water
is charged rapidly, but larger amounts require a period of abour two hours.
If kept in the open, cover the jar with a cloth to keep out dust. If
stored in the refrigerator, leave open to permit the fruits and vegatables
to receive the benefit of its effects.
D-Cell catalysts should be replaced
every six months.
Matrix for One Quart
FOR PETS AND PLANTS. Same as above, except with the use of a smaller
glass container. Also good for small acquariums, the drinking water of
pets, or watering a few potted plants.
Matrix for Five Gallons
FOR THOSE WHO PREFER UNFLOURIDATED BOTTLED WATER. Remove the
bottle and drop the catalyst into the receptacle in the stand. Simply add
• full bottle when needed. After six months leave the catalyst in the
stand but add a new one to it.
Matrix for Bath Tub
BATHING IN CELL WATER. Keep the catalyst in a small container of water
at all times when not in actual use in the tubi
as possible before bathing, possibly in the morning for an afternoonbath.
Pour the catalyst and the water in the small container into the tub and add
about heif the water needed for the bath. Later, add the rest of the water
and bathe, When finished return the catalyst to the small container of
SHAMPOOING. Obtain the half-ball type of rubber ettachment and hose
used for rinsing and showering. These are sold in drug and department
stores for a doflar or two.
Make a one inch slit in the half-ball with a
razor blade, squeeze open to slit and insert six of the quart size D-Cells.
Cover the slit with a strip of scorch tape or adhesive. Attach the other
end of the hose to the faucet and turn on the water. The water is treated
14
as it runs through the half-bell. Keep the ball end in a small container of
water when it is not in actua/ use.
Garden Hose Attachment
WATERING THE YARD AND GARDEN. This is a plastic container holding
three one gallon D-Cells, It attaches to a garden hose, and a nozzle is
screwed on to it. Water the lawn and garden as usual, spraying bushes and
larger plants, soaking the ground well around trees and large shrubs. The
same chamber may be connected into a sprinkler. In season, when not in
use, the chamber and its D-Coffs should be stored in a container of water
For winter, or longer periods of inactivity, storage may be dry.
SPECIAL USES. Catalysts are made on order in special sizes for wells,
ponds, tanks, and other applications.
D-Cell Catalyst Order Form
Please send me the following:
Cost Each
Garden Hose Attachment
with three gallon-size catalysts $14.50
Bathtub size catalyst
10.00
Five-gallon size catalyst
6.00
Gallon size catalyst
3.00
Quart size catalyst
1.50
Number
ordered
Check enclosed for..
Total Cost
Name ..
Address..
City ...
State
Zip.
No claims are made for the Cells and they are sent
Users are recuested to submit
reports of their experiments with the cell catalysts.
ESPresz, Ine.
P.O. Box 8606
Washington, D.C. 20011
15
