{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T20:30:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 27, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5907974, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125327-cejka-neurophone.pdf", "source_sha256": "082c19ae1955f42b73d0a48f2e4383abca627e22c5e3a422bd4a3016cd1a3ea4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 3140, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lilal you
contact Source of Innergy Imnedintely for detalls. Don't
hesitate, do it now, late coners will not be able to go.
This is the adventure of a life-time,
NEUROPHONE BREAKTHROUGH
A Possible Mechanian for Neurophonte Metlon
The Neurophone is a new electronic invention that may'
enable us to
hear by a completely new information
channel to the brain. Ordinary hearing is the resule of
the stinulation of bones In
the inner ear by means of
Vibration. Sound waves may reach these bones through the
ear canal Via the ent drum, or by bone conduction in
which the sound waves are conducted to the friner car by
vibrations in the craninl bones.
When the sound waves reach the inner ear; a vibratfon is
set up in the cochlea which then converts the waver Into
nezve lupulses that travel up the 8th Cranial Nerve to
Lhe sound recognitlon concers of the brain.
In 1958, Me Flanagan, thei a child uf "14 developed a
rAdio transuitter that cade the brain fito a radio
recelver. Ihis device transmits acoustie information to
the brain by means of radio waves into
the skin,
bypasalrg the 8th Cranial Narve.
When he applied for a
patent on the device, the patent examiner rejected the
wiole thing saying that such a device would go against
a11 known lawa of science. Over the following years, Dr
Planegan fought egainst Insurmountable odds
to prove
that the device did indeed work. In the meantime, Life
magazine ran a mafor article on Flanegan and
the
Neurophone, nawing him as one of the top ten scientists
in the U.5. at the age of 17! In a final desperate move,
Flanagan Eltw to the patent office wIth a model of h1s
invention and succescfully demonstrated the device on a
down into teers. The examiner declared that the
Neurophone was indeed a basic patentable device and
approved the patent for relense.
In the years thnt Dr Planagan fought to receive deserved
recognition by the patan: office, he grew into minbaad
and was working on Man• Dolphin Countcations Eor the
U.S. "Navy when
the patent was firnlly issued. While
Involved In Man. Dolptin Rescurch, he bocame Interested
in nerve signal Inforuation oncodieg, and
began
[ a
develop electronie circuite that duplicated the process
of pattern recognitlon ohserved in the human nervous
systen. This wurk led to research in Cryptography.
During that period he developed a top secret sound
scranbler that was virtually Impossible to decode. Part
of the scranbler was based on his rescarch into nerve
encoding-
VSP #3393279
with one major
nerves carry the
the case of the
1s cosplete and r
pathways. Through
In the original
modulated radio
Insulated electro
Bubjecc. In the p
reduced to a 50 v
is applied to tr
ceramic disks all,
Without a curren:
the skin to vibr
stimulation. The
others If they pli
electrode skin c
enough hovever,
surface.
For the past year
theory which
wou
works in the bod
• trausmits the, info
The skin contain:
such mechanism is
Pacinian corpus
transEorns mechani.
liopulses. Until ti
about this transd
device could o
stimulation.
Recent research by
of Milan, Italy'
'mechanion. (IEE|
ENGINEERING. VOL.
seens that the Pari
frequencles, and te
myztin st
Ig 1. Scheira

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 534, "chars": 3272, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*er
Joanne
- the Groat
RISTMAS cards
the tine spent
ixperience that
ed domain- 0f
rat Pyrantd has
NERGY and the
ot measuring
ited. His new
INK NOISE Into
ind. At a later
state energy
:he
chauber. Wer
eater Insight
ed in a forth
Ful, that we
icided to go ac
• Innergy Ecypt
May, 1981, We
Itinerary which
jers would like
uggest that you
details, Don't
be able to go.
UGH
: Action
tion that may
" Information a •
the result of
ear by means of
ies through the.
: conduction in
• inner car by
- vibration is
the waves
Into
intal Nerve to
1. .
4 developed a
¡ into a radio
De Flanagan belíeved that the pattern of nerve eneoding
used in the human speech recognition syston could be
used to make a better Neurophone. He sucçeeded 1n
perfecting an..
électronie circuit that he belleves
duplicates the precise encoding of the Cochlea and ath
Cranial Nerve. Whon lie applied for a patent, on the now
circuit, the patent application was tonedlately placed
under top secrecy by the Nallonnl Security Agency, The
only explanation given at the eine was that the cfccuft
had potential uses in ¡he defense of the country. Dr
Flanagan was happy that chie government considered
hia device could be used in his country's defense. The
only problem was that the governrent wanted the dovice
free, and he had spent 14 years.
He hired attorncys and challonged the secrecy order for
ovér five years. At the end of that period, the patent
was released from accrecy and was epproved for issue by
the
patent office.
Dr Flanagen
then perfected the circult for another five
years. This circuit recognizes time-relationships in the
signal waveform,
and generates a' square wave signal that
is tine encoded: De Flanagan belteves that the nervous
system uses a complex delay line tine recognitlon
computational system that recognizes time infornallon.
In July of 1978, he successfully applied the Ilme
Recognition Processor to his Neurophone• When an aurio
signal 1s processed through his circuit, it is ronverted
Into a form which he believes is an electronic analog of
'the nerve signal released from the human cochica,
but
with one major difference; in the cochlea hundreds of
nerves carry the time-encoded signal to the brain. In
the case of the europhone, the full signal processing
is complete and may be carried to the brain by alternate
pachways. Through the skin itself.
the original Neurophone, a 3,000 volt amplitude
modulated radio wave carried the signal to a pair of
insulated eleccrodes chat were placed on the head of the
subject. In the present Neurophone, the voltage has been
reduced to a 50 volt (maxImum) square wave. This signal:
is applied to the body by'means of ceramic disks. The
ceramic disks allow the energy field to affect the skin
without a current flow. The small eloctric fleld causes
the skin to vibrate internally in rhythm with the
stimulation. The intra-dernal vibration can be heard by
others if chey place their own ears near the point of
electrode skin contact. The vibration is not powerful
enough however, to vibrate the bone below the skin
surface.
For the past year, Dr Flanagan
has been
developing a
cheory which would explain how the Neurophone actually
works in the body. Some mechanism must exist that
transmits the information from the skin to the brain.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3109, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Suggest
that you
lately for details. Don't
icts will not be able to go:
re-time.
E.. THROUGH
• Neurophonie Action
troule invention that may
plately new information
y hearing 15 the result of
• the inner ear
by means of
ach these bones through the.
or by done enduction in
ducted to the timer
eat by
o5.
• inner eat, a vibratjon is
lien converts the waves Inco
the 8ch Cranial Nerve
of the brain-.
chlid of 14 developed a
e the brain into a radio
In acoustic information to
Ila waves into
the skin,
1c.
When he applied for a
tent examiner rejected the
vice would go against
rec the following years, Dr
Imountable odds
to prove
•k+ In the meantime,
Lite
cle on
Flanagan and
the
the top ten scientiste
In a final dasporate move,
Cice with a model of his
monstrated the device on a
funi's office. The deal
tline in 15 years and broke
inor declared that the
le patentable device and
Enught to receive deserved
ce, he grew Into manhood
Sin Coumunications for the
in flually Issued. While
arch, he became intercated
encoding, and began to
lot duplicated the proces
ica in the human nervous
*scarch in Cryptography.
'i a top secret sound
ponsible to decode. Part
his research into nerve
with one major difference; in the cochlea hundreds of
nerves carry the time-encoded signal to the brain. In
the case of the Neurophone, the full signal processing
15 complete and may be carried to the brain by alternate
pathways. Through the skin itself.
In the original Neurophone, 8 3,000 volt anplitude
modulated radio wave carried the signal to a pair of
insulated electrodes that were placed on the head of the
subject. In the present Neurophone, the voltage has been
reduced to a 50 volt (maximum) square wave. This signal
is applied to the body by means of ceramic disks. The
ceramic disks allow the energy field to affect: the skin
without a current flow. The small electric field causeg
the skin to vibrate internally in rhytho with the
stimulation. The intra-dermal vibration can be heard by
others if they place their own ears
neat the point of
electrode skin contact. The vibration is not powerful
enough however, to vibrate the bone below the skin
surface.
Tot the past year, Dr Flanagen has been developing a
transmits the Information fron the skin to the brain.
THE PACINIAN CORPUSCLE
The skin contains many energy sensing mechanisms,
such mechanism is known as the Pacinian Corpuscle. Tho
Pacinian corpuscle '1s a
special nerve ending that
transfors mechanical vibration or pressure into nerve
Impulses. Until this year, (1980) very little was known
about this transducer, and it was thought
that the
device could only work at log frequencies of
stimulation.
Recent rescarch by Fernando Grandori and Antonto Podotti: -
of Milan, Italy has shed a whole new light on this
mechanism. (IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON BIO-MEDICAL
ENGINEERING. VOL. BME-27, NO. 10, OCTOBER 1960). It now
secus that the Pacinian Corpusrle can react to very high
frequencles, and responds best to a square vave stinins
myelin shrath
Pirst noce
of Ranvier -
.. lamellar
a x i s
cylinder -_
fig. I. Schematic drawing of a typist touinlan corpuscle. •

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 3231, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(THE FOLLOWING HOTES ARE TAKEN FROM THE ABOVE TREE
PAPER)
The Pacinian corpuscle conslste of a sénsitive neve
ending surrounded by a cylindrical-like core structure
cousisting of closely packed nonbranes called lamellac.
The core
is surrounded by a second set of lamellae, in
which the distance between each one Increnses from the
innernost lamella toward the periphery of, the corpuscle.
The space between all the lamellae is filled with a
Ifquid whose meclianical properties can be considered
similar to that of water. When a displacement of the
outermost Janella Is caused by exerting an appropríate
pressure, this stimulus is transmitted to the core, and
In turn, causes a compression of the innermost lamella.
This aysten
acts as a differentiating
mechanical
anplifier..
What 1s significant here, is chat the Pacinian Corpusele
responds best to a square wave:
The above paper reveals
that rate of change 1s more Important, than the anplitude
of the pressure applied to the corpuscle. This indicates
that tlis highly refined receptor is designed to detect
time signifleance first, and pressure significance
secondly•
If ve take the leurophone electrode disks and feed a 50
volt sine wave audio signal into then while placing them
on the temples, the signal will be perceived weakly. If
ve Feed the
sane frequency and amplitude in as a square
wave, the perceived signal 1s 10 Fines as loud as the
sine waver
Thia tends to substantiate Dr Flaungen's
theory regarding the Neurophone perceptial rachenism as
being time-rate of change encoded.
Pacinian corpuscles
are located over, the entire skins
surface, with greater concentrations in the finger tips
and
sexual organs.
In 1981, Dr Fianagan
intends
•to
develop research projects which wili be able to evaluate
the Pacinian corpuscle theory...
We will have more exciting Neurophone news in the next
INNERGY NEWS.
....
CRYSTAL BIO-ENERGY
DETECTOR
In his continuing research into the concept of
blo-energy enhancement, Dr Flanagan has déveloped a
number of instruments to measure the response of the
body to exercise,
clothing, environmeat, diet,
meditation, and thought..
In this research, he has developed and perfected a
crystal receiver that can actually detect the
-
Dr Flanagan says that
in harmony with the wa
that it 15 this coron
Levitate, alter introd
The 8 Hz frequency
middle C of the seti
Interesting to note
Irequency of the King
Cheops.
The 8 HERTZ signal 1s al
alpha Fhythn. gener
hemispheres of the br i:
deep meditation.
There are many ways of
consciousness in uhile
experienced. A Fow jo-
Meditation, Taoist Her
Exercises, and/or listen
synchconization of the
demonstrates the proco
entralument to environne
In today's ligh tecling
Pollution is a real th
effects of meditation "g
Interfering manmade 91
high technology, a11 1(v
natural 8 Hertz
pulsatio
When
we aic in a state
extremely sensitive to
As these energies are no
possible that cediı 111
negative effect on tha
monasteries and other
always been placed in ar
carth energy, far frun l
in his rapid advance Lots
As a lesult of his rece
the ideal medication cuvi
special room shellded f
In this room are g??cd
(caution' - sone son Dare
plogution as well ag
i
positive high voltage
and a leurophone.
PRODUC

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1253, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CRYSTAL BIO-ENERGY
DETECTOR
In his continuing research tato tho concept of
bio-energy enhancement, Dr Flanagan has developed a
number of instruments to measure the rosponso of the
body to exercise,
clothing, environnent, dict,
meditation, and thought..
In this research, he has developed and perfectod a
crystal
receiver that can actually detect the
vibrational energy of the bio-plasmic fleld. This device
Is so sensitive, it can detect minute variations in
blo-energy.
The following graph of energy in the Solar Plexus Chatra
is from one of thase rescarch experiments:
On the left is an actual recording of the normal random
fluxuation of bio- anergy as the subject prepares for
meditation.
At this point
the, ERG (Earth Resonance
Generator-Magnetic Pacer) was switched on and
. the
subject began to meditate using the SUFI BREATH (as
caught feder entre resoner the Be are lex,
generating
an 8 Bertz (Schuman Resonance) sine wave
vibration.
.....
(caucion - 4
plonut ion, us
positive high
and a Nenraahur
This Pyrania Di
mathematical pro
It was faahtone
by Egyptton Prin
herb teas, wate
Quantity Avallio
LOIT
1S.1Z'T. R
Belizal vas tlie
expert that ptones
Belizal Generat
consists of four "
round end is al1g
to emit
, the PI
EXPERIMENTAL USES!
HOW
Q

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 3049, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROM THE ABOVE IEEE
Ls of a sensitive nerve
al-like core structure
branes called Tannellae•
ad get of Innellae, In
h one forensos from the
iphery of the corpuscle•
ellae is filled with s
les can be considered
a displacement of the
exerting an appropriate
nitted to the core, and
E the Innermost lamella.
antiating mechanical
- the Pacinian Corpuscle
The above paper reveals
-tant, than the amplitude
arpuscle. This indicates
is designed to detect
pressure significance
lode disks and feed a 50
then while placing them
be perceived weakly. If
iplitude in as a square
10 times
as loud as the
antiate Dr Flanagan's
perceptual mechanism as
d over the entire skins.
ons in the finger tips
r Flanagán intends
1l1 be able to evaluate
hone news in the next
ENERGY
IR
into che concept of
gan has developed a
re the response of the
environment, diet.
oped and perfected a
actually detect the
smic field. This device
DE Vlanagon says that the & Mertz bio-plasmic signal 1s
in harmony with the resonance of the carth. He belleves
that it is this resonance that enables meditators to
levitate, alter matter, and to perceive future events.
The 3 iz frequenes La a sub-harmonte of the 256 11g
middle C of the scientific nusic
scale. It 19
Interesting to note
that middle C is the resonant
Erequency of the King's Chamber of the Pyramid of
Cheops •
The 8 HERTZ signal 1s also the frequency of the perfect
alpha thycha generated when
the left and right
hemispheres of the brain go into phase coherence during
deep medication-
There are many ways of generating lhe B ilertz state of
consciousness in vhich a perfect state of bligs may be
experienced. 1 fow
possibilitlus are: Iransendental
Meditation, Taoist Meditation (Nei Gung), SUFI Sreach
Exercises, and/or listening to the Neurophone. The close
synchronization of the bio-plasna signal to the HRG
demonstrates the process of biological 'tuning' or
entrainment to environmental signals.
In today's high technology world, ElecLionagnetic
Pollution is a ceal threat to man's well being. The
effects of meditarion may be destroyed or weakened by
, development of
high teclinology, all living things were exposed to the
natural 8 Hertz pulsation of the Earth's magnetie fleld.
When we are in a state of deep medication we become
extremely sensitive to external environmental energies.
As these energies are not in harrony with natite, It In
possible that meditațion in such Elelds cuuld have :
negative effect on the body and mind. This is why
monasteries and pther sacred places of worship have
always been placed in areas of nacural harmony, and high
carth energy, far from the distracting Influence of man
In his rapid advance coward self destruction.
As a result of his research, Di Flanagan has designed
the ideal meditation envirorment. This environment is a
special room sheilded from electro magnetic pollution.
In this room are placed: an ERG, an Ion Generator
plooutlon as well as ions), an 8 Hertz pulsating
positive high voltage field (synchronized to the ERG),
and a Neuraphone.
PRODUCT SPECIALS
175553

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3070, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INNERGY
June 1980
NEWS
(c) 1960 G. Patrick Flanagan
A DOCTOR WRITES THE
FIRST NEUROPHONE REFE
The Neurophone has been out now Tor nearly five months, and we are
starting
to get reports back from layman and professional users.
• The initial results are exciting. Several' people have reported that
their ability to rexember data is increasing. People who could not
reserber telephone nusbers are becoming walking phone bocks!
The first professional research report has been witten by Dr. Shel- •
don Deal, D.C., l.D.; of Tueson. Dr. Deal is director of the Svan
-linic,
and is current President of the International College of
. Plied Kinesiology.
Dr- Deal's preliminary Neurophone research paper was recently pre-
sented ot the I.C.A.K. conyention in Detroit. With Dr. Deal's per-.
eission, we are publishing his entire paper in INNERGY NEWS.
meridian balancing by use of the neurophone
-
Sheldon C. Deal, D.C., N.D.
abstract
series af experinents were done by nusele testing patients for
beridian inbalances
and then strengthening the muscle indicators,
ndicating balanced meridians, by runsing a tise-dosain arplifiec
ignal through the patient's skin.
he skin is enbryonically the source of all our spacial senses.
ur skin contains more sensors for
heat, touch, pain,
etf..
than
ny other part of the human anatony. The huban ear evolves enbryon-
cally out of the convolutions of
the skin of an tebryo in the
pother's uterus. Basically, the skin is the oldest evolutionary
rvous system
sensor. Another way to look at this, is the specisi
anse of touch has progressively extended over the entire body by
by of the skin and evolutionarywise our other special senses should
kilow suit and extend over our entire body in tire. The skin 'then,
nce it is the precursor of the cars:
should also be capable of
taring, or to put it another way, it
should be able to transnit
i sense of hearing to the brain by a scans other than the 8th
Based partially upon work done
that the human voice does nat
have had their larynx rer,ved
buzz generator held against the
is formed by. the action cf th
glottis and the nasal cavaties
variable tire delay generator.
our brains evolved to dericher,
upon frequency (you understand
shouting rasp] but
upon ine ti
caused by tise delays laposed by
The Neurophone makes use if the
the frequency donain and amplify
signal. This is one rease why
when one first begins to listen
of the Neurophone presents audi
way the skin originally exalved
tion sons ago. Thus the Neurt;hor
the brain and nervous syster, ani
normal sensory systens that lie
the outside environment.
Since all of the acupunct-s rer
of the skin,
we found stat itry
was activated by the Neuros one.
were muscle tested 'for one majo
neridians bilaterally. The reridia
for
muscles weak in
the clear
becane weak only by stie:l-tion o
tive seridian.
The subjects were
by placing the electrodes on the
and superior to the eyes. K-Y jell
between the skin and the electrode
was then played through the Neuro,
and then
the muscles vere retester
The results are recorded on Table 1
Conclusion

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3322, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dur skin contains
Fore sensors for heat, touch, pain, etc.,
than
any other part of the human anatony. The husan ear evolves eabryon-
Scally out of the convolutions of the skin of an enoryo in the
mother's uterus. Basically, the skin is the aldest evolutionary
nervous systen sensor. Another way to look at this, is the special
sense of touch has pregressively extended over the entire body by
way of the skin
and evolutionarywise our other special senses should
folloy suit and extend over our entire body in tine.
The skin then,
since it is the precursor of the cars, should also be capable of
hearing, or to put it another way, it should be able to transmit
the sunse of hearing to the brain by a seans other than the 8th
Cranial Nerve.
The skin is both piero-electric, and opto-clectric, that is, when
the skin is stipulated by an electric or photon field, it vibrates.
If it is cechanically stimulated, it vill generate its oun electric
and photon field. In Russia, blind people, have been trained to see"
vith their fingertips (1) and in Crechoslavakia, deaf people have
been trained to "hear" vith their fingertips. (2)
For; the purpose of our experiment, ve used a neurophone, a device
developed by Dr. Fat Flanagan, author of the book, Pyranid Power.
The device uses hyperspatial nested modulation technology. Briefly
the device takes a comples signal such as the sound of an orchestra
and electrically processes It. first, the signal is passed into
a section which clips everything into a series of square waves,
recarkably analogous to the sort of clipped waves Lisitsyn confires
are the
_ carriers of the huaan brain waves (3). Next, the square
waves are differentiated, yeilding a series of sharp spikes. These
spikes are again differentiated,
since these are finite spikes with
real
non-zero rise tines and decay times rather than theoretical
constructs,
a series of noisy spikes results fros the second
differentiator section. Fron here, the noisy spikes are introduced
to special contact electrodes which are placed
on the
skin. The
electrodes are fabricated of zirconiun titanate inbedded in acrylic
plastic tiles 'to provide caxinua impedancé natch to the skin itself.
speech intelligibility was contained in tine
dominant ratios 'In
the speech wavefore. Speech quality was found to be contained in
darinant frequency ratios. So the nervous systen is designed to
recognize tue distinct parapeters: the tine dosain and the frequency
dosain.
Live seridion. lit
Evi
by placing the electres
and
superior to the cy
between the skin and ti
was then played througt
and then the muscles
The results are recorded
Conclusion
Table I represents the
through the experient.
the unbalanced ones fou
to have a beneficial
eff
stridians vere renaining
aany consents-fron the
isprared sleep,
total
concentration and cessati
ADDITINAL RESEARCH:
To te certain the Neurop!
a. siaple experinent was
of the hearing research of
the test during the lieuror
Two separate channels of 2
goes through
a set of or
the leurophone. One speci
phone channel, Another
through the Neurophone ci
Neurophone was producing h
ly different frequencies
inner car, producing a di
difference between the tu
'beat frequency is heard
channels, levels at which
conduction by the strang vi
disk. However,
the
beat
at all voluce levels; it i
ing leyels.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 2991, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEWS
June 1980
(c) 1980 G. Patrick Flanagan
A DOCTOR WRITES THE
NEUROPHONE REPORT!
five ronths, and we are
and professional users.
reople have reported that
ng. People who could not
ting phone bocks!
seen witten by Dr. Shel-
is director of the Swan
International Gollege of
-
• paper was recently pre-
dit. With Dr. Deal's per-.
• in INNERGY NEMS.
the neurophone
K-D.
icle testing patients for
• the cuscle Indicators,
= tire-dosain amplified
all our special senses.
touch, pain, etc., than
unan car evolves erbryon-
‹in of an erbryo in the
the oldest evolutionary
- at this, is the special
over the entire body by
her special senses should
y in tier. The skin then.
hould also be capable of
ould te able to transait
weans other than the 8th
Based partially upon work done at Tufts University (5), it is known
that the human voice does not depend upon frequencies.
People who
have had their larynx removed can use an 'artificial larynx', a
buzz generator held against the side of the throat. Word inforsation
is forsed by the action of the jew, the tongus, the teeth,, the
glottis and the nasal caraties. The human nose and couth forg a
variable time delay generator, Thus, the basic audio infornation
our brains evolved to decipher, the human voice, is dependent hat
upon frequency (you understand a whisper, a singing tone, orTa
shouting rasp) but upon tne tine rate of change nature of sound
caused by time delays inposed by the mouth and nasal passages.
The keurophone sakes use of these research results by suppressing
the frequency domain and, arplifying the tine dosain of the incoming
signal. This is one reason why the Neurophone sounds so scratchy
when one first begins to listen to it. The electronic circuitry
of the Neurophone presents audio information to the skin in the
way the skin originally evolved to receive and decode the inforea-
tion eons ago. Thus the Mearophone directly inputs inforaation into
the brain and nervous syster, and even the aind, bypassing all the
noreal sensory systens that lie between the aind/brain loop and
the outside environcent.
Since all of the acupuncture seridians are present on the surface
of the skin, we found sout very interesting affects when the skin
was activated by the lieurophone, All the subjects of the _experient
were cuscle tested !for one major suscle for each of the twelve
meridians bilaterally. The meridians were recorded as under active
for auscles weak in the slear and over active for muscles that
became weak only by stiralation of the alara point for its respec-
tive ceridian. The subjects were then connected to the Neurophone
by placing the electrodes on the skin of the forehead just lateral
and superior to the eyes. K-Y jelly was used to enhance the contact
betuzen the skin and the elnctrodes. A tape recording of pink noise
was then played through the Meurophone For a period of two sinutes
and then the muscles were retested after removal of the electrodes.
The results are recorded on Table I.
Conclusion

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3170, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sporat
Stises.
• pain, etc., than
tar evolves cabryon-
af
an tabryo in the
•e oldest evolutionary
at this, is the special
• over the entire body by
her special senses should
y in tise.
The skin then,
"ould also be capable of
pure be able to transait
cans other than the 8th
-electric, that is,
when
roton field, it vibrates:
jenerate its ovo electric
ave been trained to "see"
eyakia, deaf people have
5. (2)
.=:
9 a neurophone, a device
he book. Pyranid Pover.
tion technology. Briefly
he sound of an orchestra
sigial is passed into
series of square waves,
"es Lisitsyn confires
1). Next,
the squard
, of sharp spikes. These
e are finite spikes with
rather than
theoretical
isults fros the
second
y spikes are introduced
laced on the skin. The
late inbedded in acrylic
itch to the skin itself-
ir boston by Dr. Deight
isisted by
Dr.. Flanagan
ystes uses
time ratios
oh.
It
Mas
found
that
se doninant ratios
'in
und to be contained
in
systen is designed
to
main and the frequency
tive meridian. The subjects vore then connected to the leurophone
by placing the electrodes on the shin of the forehead just lateral
and superior to the eyes. K-Y jelly was used to enhance the contact
between the shin and the electrodes. A tape recording of pink noise
was then played through the Neurophone for a ptriod of two ainutes
and then the auscles were retested after resoval of the electrodes.
The results are recorded on Table 1.
Conclusion
Table 1 represents the totals of 10 different patients, who went
through the expericent. Out, of the 240 ceridians tested, 85.67 of
the unbalanced ones found, were corrected. The leurophone appears.
to have a beneficial effect on the body. On subesquent visits, the
aeridians were renaining in balance two weeks later. Sone of the
many connents, Frog the patients included: cessations of seizures;
Taproyed
sleep, total relaxation, icproved respiration, better
concentration and cessation of pain.
ADOITIOHAL RESEARCH:
To be certain the Neurophone was not operating by bone conduction,
a siople experiment was done, known as the Batteau test in honor
of the hearing research of the late Or. Dwight Batteau who developed
the test during the heurophone evaluation at Tufts University"
-
Two separate channels of auditory information were used. Dne channel
goes through, a set of ordinary headphones, the other goes through
the Meurophone, One specific frequency is played through the head-
phone. channel.
Another
Frequency slightly
different is played
throügh the "Neurophone circuitry to the transducer disks. If the
Neurophone was producing hearing by bone conduction, the two slight-
ly different frequencies would taix' in the bone structures of the
inner ear, producing a discernable 'beat frequency' which is the
difference betveen the tuo frequencies. With the Neurophone, this
beat frequeney' is heard andy at very high volume levels in both
channels, levels at which the Neurophone is probably producing bone
conduction by the strong vibration of the skin under each transducer
Rowever, the beat frequency should theoretically be heard
at all volune levels: it is not heard at norwal neurophonic listen-
ing levels.
continued Gar

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Looking Ahead
.....
Although the present experiment was a relatively simple one, the
inplications of future possibilities art tremendous.. The following
ideas nay well serve as topics of future research papers and I
invite all the serbers of the J.C.A.K. to pursue them, either on
their dun or in conjunction with ee. Sone of the possibilities for
which there is already scre evidence are:
1. Increase in telepathic avartress.
2. A brain/mind link-between two or nore people-
Thonas E. Bearden has developed a matheratical formula
that indicates that the cosbined mind power of a group
of people will sultiply exponentially if these people are
linked in a unitary consciousness. (7)
3.
Subliminal learning ezy be accomplished by the subject
raterial being played through the #europhone st a low voluse
level. lo conscious effort is
rade to learn the saterial. This
could even be accosplished while the student is asleep.
4. Conscious Iearning cay be accoralished by sizultaneously
listening to tape recorded cata by seans of Neurophone ind head-
phones. In this way, the learning centers of the brain, are being
accessed by at least two separate channels.
5. Positive sublicinal prograns to alter undesirable habits:
i.t.. weight control, soaking control and creation of positive
=ental attitude.
6. Control the ageing process by seant of positive cellular
programsing via the leurophone.-
7. Totally deaf people being able to hear the recorded audio.
References
1. Ostrander and Schroeder, Psychic Discoreries Behind the Iron
Curtain, Prentice-Hall Inc-, Englewood Cliffs, M.Je, 1970..
2. I.B.I.D.
3. S.M, Lisitsy, Kev Approach to the Analysis of Electroenceph- •
alogrars, Problees of Bionics (selected articles), p-p.
16-25,
Defence Docusentation Center, AD 730045.
4. D.K. Batteau, Theories of Sonar Systems and Their Application
to Biological Organisas,
Departfent of Kechanical Engincering,
Tufts University, Redford, Massachusetts, Sept. 1966.
5. D.X. Batteau. The Role of the Penna in Human Localization,
Departeent of Mechanical Engineering, Tufts University, Hedford,
Massachusetts, Zan, 1954,
T.E. Bearden, Hyperspaces,
Keutrines,
Virtual States and
Kodulations, Specula, Journal of the Acerican Association of
Meta-Science, 1979, 4th Quarter.
7. T.E. Bearden,
The 'One Huzan Problen, Its-Solution, and Its
Relationship to UFO. Phenozena, Published by T.E.
Bearden, 1975.
... a..
•
Table
MERIDIAN
Heart
Stall
Intestine
Bladder
Kidney
Pericardius
Triple
Warner
Gall
Bladder.
Liver
Lung
Large
Intestine
Stomach
Spleen.
Composit of 10
KUSCLE
BEF
UNt
Subecapularial:
Quadraceps
1
-
Peroneus
Gluteus
Maximus,
Teres "
Кіпог
Popliteus
PHS
Deltoid
Fascis
Lata
PAC
Latisinus
TOTALS
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
R,
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
R.
L.
EDITOR'S NOTE:
The Neurophone is not sold as a •
potential as an aid in the cedie
Investigation by qualified aedical
The Neurophone is currently being
an experimental aid to #editation,
and as an experimental device for
of the body.
As such, the Neurophone is of expr
for diagnosis or treatrent of
dis
for sound sedical care.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 2167, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• d relatively siaple one, the
are tresendous.. The following
4 future research papers and I
.A.Ko to pursue then, either on
:. Some of the possibilities for
are:
!!s.
or nore people.
veloped a mathenatical fornuls
corbined mind power of a group
ponentially if these people are
rusness. (7)
be acconplished by the subject
the Neurophone at a lox yoluse
made to learn the material. This
: the student is asleep.
accomplished by simultaneously
by neans of deurophone and head-
ng centers of the brain are being
te channels. •.
•as to alter. undesirable habits:
trol and creation of positive
•...
s by mesht of positive cellular
ile to heir the recorded audio.
ychic Discoveries Behind the Iron
glewood Cliffs, M.J., 1970.,
to the Analysis of Electroenceph-
(selected articles), p.p. 16-25,
D 730045.
nar Systees and Their Application
Ident of Mechanical Engineering,
schusetts, Sept. 1956-
the Penna in Human Localization,
ering, Tufts University, Medford,
Keutrinos, Yirtual States and
of the A=erican Association of
• Problce,
Its - Solution, and Its
Published by
T.E. Bearden, 1975.
Table 1
Composit of 10 Patients
KERIDIAN
HUSCLE
Heart:
Subscapularis t
BEFDRE NEUROPHONE: AFTER MEUROPHONE:
UNDER OVER HORKAL UNDER OVER NORMAL
4.
10
6
10
10
Scall
Intestine
Quadraceps
•
1
Bladder
Peroneus
10
10
10
10
10
Kidney
Psoas
H H
N ~
9
Pericardiua
Triple
Varcer
Gall
Bladder:
Liver
Gluteus
Maxieus
Teres
Hinor
Popliteus
,5
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
PKS
Lung
Deltoid
10
10
Large
Intestine
Storach
Fascia
Lata
PAC
R.
L.
R.
2
10
1
1
Spleen.
Latisirus
L.
R.
2
TOTALS
17
11
฿
212
3
1
10
• 10
235
EDITOR'S KOTE:
The Keurophone is not sold as a sedical self treatuent device. Its.
potential as an aid in the sedical profession is currently under
investigation by qualified redical practitioners such as Dr. Deal.
The Keurophone is currently being made arailable to the layman as
an experiental aid to reditation, an electronic learning machine,
and as an experiental device for balancing the bio-energy systen
of the body.
•
As such, the Neurophone is of experimental nature, and not intended
for diagnosis or treatment of disease, or intended as a substitute
for sound sedical care.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 1251, "chars": 8252, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8,170,003
3
The Invention described and claimed in our prior Patent
In accordance with the more fundamentul napecis of cur
No, 2,995,633 in hased upon the fundamental discovery
prior Palent No. 2,995,633,
that ih= sensation of hearing can be created in the human
According to pur experimental observations, the system
body by elecirical stimululion of nervcs of the Incial syr.
Mustrated in FIG. 1 of the drowing in operative lo create
lem, esing modulated electrical signals corresponding 10 G
audible sounds.
One of the basic objects of pur further
rescarch, following the invention of our prior patent, was
and 2D Is given a fricalive mosion over the sensilized
The reason for this is not understood fully at the
the delerminalion with particularily of the pluses and
present time, although we have Iheorized that the probe
manners of electrically stimulating the Jacial nerve syricom
end 20 establishes a copacitalive coupling with the facial
of the human bady, in order to achieve opfimum efficiency ao nerve system of the subjeet, and that the nerve system Is
and fidellty of the artificially created sound sensailon.
aclivated and sensitized and made receptive lo ibe clec.
This further research has led 1o certain addlional funda.
mental discoveries, which aro embodica in the various
tricAl signals, by fricative, back-and-forth mation of the
probe end, in a manner to effect varintions in the capacily
forms of the invention hereinafter described.
ynlue of the coupling. But, regardless of lho reason,
Reforring initially 1o FIG. 1 of the drawing. there Is 16 it appears that the sysiem of FIO. 1 is not eiTectively oper•
shown a reptesentalive system, emhodying the funda-
alive in the absence of fricative movement of the probe
mental aspecis of the present invention, for slimulating
end.
various sensitive arcas Df the facial nerve system in a
As mentioned above, the sysiem of FIG. 1 is primarily
manner operative lo creato the sensation of an audible
@perntive when the probe end 20 is applied lo cerlain
sound in the subject. As in the system of our prior 20 recife limited arces about the hend of the subject
palcnl, no energizing signal advanlageously is derived
These specific areas appear lo be highly receplive to
from a radio froquency Iransmirier J0, which desirably
clectical stimulation in the manner conlemplated by tha
Is placed aboul the body of the user or al e disiance from
invention, while, a least as far as tre were able la die-
It, and is capable of receiving audible sounds and convert-
cover, biner arcas of the hody, served generally by he
ing 1hem lo radio frequency signals.
The transmitter e6 facinl nerve syslem, are cither insensilive to the desirad
IQ energizes a radio frequency receiver 11 which, in
electicel stimulatian or are capahle of being sensitized
turn converts lhe radio frequency signal to an audio
only a1 A reTalively unsnlisfactory level.
modulated clectrical oulput signal, The audio madulated
Presently, we have been able to idenlily several prin-
output signal in impressed upon a primary transformer
cipal arens.
distributed over the bend and innervated by
coil 12, consultuling part of the output circuit of the re- 30 the facial nerve syslem, which were receptive to electrical
ceiver.
A corresponding signal is impressed upon the
stimulation by the energized probe end 20.
These areas
secondary coil 13 of the transformer which forms, in cffect,
were substantially conslant from individual lo individual.
an isolaling inductance and is an active parl of the energiz.
No part of lhe body not served by Ibe Incial nerve
ing circuit for the facial nesve system of the user.
system was found to be receptive to an electrical slimula-
In the frsi illusiraled form of the invention, one side $5
tion which produced a sensation of bound in the subject.
al the receiver outpul circuit, constitued by lhe left.
In this respoct, it is generully accepled that the facial nerve
hand ierminal 14 of the Isolating inductance is connocied
system is confined lo facial arcas of the body and com-
to any sultable pomt on the body of the subject, as at
priscs the Trigeminal or V nerve, the Facial or VIl nerva,
the point designated by the reference numcral 15. In
the Glosso-Pharyngeal or IX nerve, and the Autonomic
this respect, and as one of the significant aspects of the 40
nerves, logether with ther sympathetic and parasym-
invention,
the clectrical connection cstablished between
pathetic branches.
the terminal 14 and the body of the subject includes a
It Is balieved thai the significant principle embodied in
capaciallve coupling. In Ihe illustrated, diagrammatic
the system of FIG, I rosides in the use of an energizing
circuit arrangement, a yariable capacilance 16 is an in-
circuit including an Isolating inductance 13 and capacita-
tegral part of the body connection point 15.
However, 45
tive couplings connecting each terminal of the isolating
it should be understood thal a phyzical capacilotive com-
inductance to the facial nerve system of the subjest.
ponent is not necessarily required, since our research
Hawever, although this significant principle was further
experience esiablishes that the system can be operaled
established and wilized in orber forms of the invention.
wilh an air capacince coupling, in which the body of
lo be described, it is conceivable that further rescarch
the subjcct forms, in effeci, one plate of the capacitor da
may establish ibat ibe necessary fricative movement of
while the terminal 14 of the output circuit consiltice the
the probe end 20 creates some condition or perfarms some
Diner plale of the capacitor.
In this respect, the human
function other than, but similar in its effective establish.
slin has pronounced dielectric characteristics. Which may
ing a capacitative coupling, as presently theorized.
be taken advantage of in various ways in the practice
Referring lo FIG. 1 of the drawing. there is illusirated
of the present invention.
The other side of the receiver output circuil, constitured 55
dingrammaticnlly the theorized cireuit arrangement of the
вутел о! FIG. 1.
The ibrarzed circuit includes the out-
by the terminal 17 of the isalating induclance, is con-
necied by a line 1B direcily to a manual probe 19 whose
put transformer primary 12 of the receiver 11, which is
energized by nudio modulcied clectrical signals corre-
active end 20, advantagcously of spherical farm, is elec-
sponding lo audible sounds.
Irically connecied to tho line 18,
The secondary coil 13 of the
In accordance with the present invention, as exempl
60 iransformer constitutes an isolating induciance in the
nerve-aclivoting circuit, and its respactive terminnis 14,
Fied by the system of FIG. 1, sensations of sound cor-
responding lo audible sounds reccived by the radio tre-
17 are connected to capacitance units C1 and C1,
capacitance units are in turn coupled lo a circuit unit N,
quency transmitler 1D can be induced in the consciousness
of the subject by applying the probe end 20ib the skin
representing a section of nerve of the facial nerve system
of the subject at specific sensilized areas abaut the head
of a subject. Diagrammalically, although perhaps as an
arca. When the probe is applied to such sensive arcas
oversimplification, the nerve secilon N may be considered
to consist ol clemenis of resisiance R, inductance I, and
an operative clectrical circuit, including nerves of the
rectificaiion D.
In addition, the herve clement N in effec-
facial syslem of the user, cen be completed, such that the
lively grounded to Ihe hody at G.
facial nerve system of the subjecl is clectrically stimulated 70
One of ilic significant and ndvantagepus aspects of the
in accordance with the nudlo modulated electrical signals
Beryc energization circuit, is represented in FIG. 3, re.
available at the ourput terminals 14, 17 of the inductanca
sides in the fact that the circuil has inherent. desirable
13. When such a circuit is established, the subject re-
ceives a sensation of sound, correspanding to the audible
characteristics, such that tite audio modulated electrient
signals impressed upon the holling induciance 13 are.
sound imparted lo the transmitter ID, substanlially 76 Ibrough the capacitative coupling of rhe clemeni CL, CZ

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 33, "chars": 360, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Feb. 23, 1965
MEANS FOR ALONG HEARNG BY EL FRICAL, STIMULAT3, 70,993
OF THE FACIAL NERVE SYSTEM
Filed Jan. 8, 1962
4 Sheets-Sheet 1
18
20
·41G
L14
1720
\ 19
12
000000
A.F OUTPUT
FIG. 1
R. F.
RECEIVER
R. F
TRANSMITTER
FIG. 4
21)
24
23
W22
33
FIG. 2
32
· 34
014
35
13
её?
AF OUT Y
INVENTORS
HENRY K. PUHARICH
JOSEPH L. LAWRENCE
Mandevelle i Schweitzer
ATTORNEYS

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 340, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
Feb. 23, 196EANS FOR ALONE ALAE
H. K. PUHARICH_ETAL
3,170,993
MEANS FOR AIDING HEARING BY ELECTRICAL STIMULATION
DF THE FACIAL NERVE SYSTEN
Filed Jan. 8, 1962
4 Sheets-Sheet, 2
FIG. 5
143
44
42
REC.
54
52
R.F
TRANSMITTER
48
FIG. 3
•CZ
00000022
A.F. OUT PUT
INVENTORS
HENRY K. PUHARICH
JOSEPH L. LAWRENCE
BY
Mandeville & Shweitzer
ATTORNÉYS

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 397, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Feb. 23, 1965
H. K. PUHARICH
MEANS FOR AIDING HEARING BY
ELBERICAL STIMULATION
3,170,993
OF THE FACIAL NERVE SYSTEM
Filed Jan. 8, 1962
4 Sheets-Sheet, 3
FIG. 7
94
90
91-
,86
921
87
vell
85-
181
82, 83
180
R.F.
REC.
84
RE
TRANS.
89
88
FIG. 6
70
69
• 67
1903,02050
REC
R.F
TRANS.
•66
03,
FIG. 8
leeeeee
0000000
A. F. OUTPUT
162
INVENTORS
HENRY K. PUHARICH
JOSEPH L. LAWRENCE
BY
Mandeville +hweitzer

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 298, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Feb. 23, 1965 H. K. PUHARICH ETAL 3,170,993
MEANS FOR AIDING HEARING BY ELECTRICAL STIMULATTON
OF THE FACIAL NERVE SYSTEM

Filed Jan. 8, 1962

4 Sheets-Sheet 4

FIG. 9

" S109

RA » aN N AD. \
ASscSes REY 108
103/ 01

104

A.F OUTPUT

' INVENTORS
HENRY K. PUHARICH
JOSEPH L. LAWRENCE
BY

ATTORNEYS

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 1100, "chars": 7547, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,170,993
Patented Feb. 23, 1965
1
2
coupled, constitutes a desirable and advantageous circuit.
3,170,993
The improved arrangement is such that the audio modu-
MEANS FOR AIDING HEARING BY ELECTRICAL
lated signals induced in the output circuit of the receiver
SIMULATION OF THE FACIAL NERVE SYSTEM
are imparted to the facial nerve system in a desirable
Henry K. Puharich, 87 Hawkes Ave., Ossining, N.Y., and
form, to which the facial nerve system is particularly
Joseph L. Lawrence, 570 Fort Washington Ave., New 5
York, N.Y.
receptive.
Filed Jan. 8, 1962, Ser. No. 164,882
As a specific and significant aspect of the present in-
24 Claims.
(Cl. 179107)
vention, the improved
audio modulated output circuit
arrangement for imparting modulated electrical signals
The present invention relates to facilities for use in con- 10
to the facial nerve system, incorporates capacitative
junction with the human body for aiding hearing, and is
coupling means for connecting a section of nerve "circuit"
directed more specifically to novel and improved arrange-
to the output of the radio frequency receiver, which sup-
ments for aiding hearing by electrical stimulation of the
plies audio modulated electrical signals.
The capacita-
facial nerve system.
tive coupling means, in conjunction with the electrical
In our prior United States Patent No. 2,995,633, grant-
15
parameters of the nerve "circuit" and the receiver output
ed August 8, 1961, there is disclosed a fundamentally
form a particularly advantageous operating circuit, which
novel arrangement for assisting the hearing process of
imparts to the nerve circuit the modulated output signals of
the human
body through electrical stimulation of the
the receiver in a desirable form, to which the facial nerve
facial nerve system of a user, employing modulated elec-
system has been found to be particularly responsive.
As
trical signals corresponding to audible sounds.
The basic 20
a result oi the improved electrical association between
discoveries described in our prior patent reside in the
the receiving appliance and the facial nerve system, the
fact that the facial nerve system of the human body (the
stimulations transmitted to hearing centers are of a form
facial nerve system being a rather specifically defined
productive of particularly sharp and faithful sound sensa-
nerve network,
as will be described in more detail) is
tions.
receptive to stimulation by electrical signals, correspond- 25
Although the desired capacitative coupling between the
ing to audible sounds, in such a way that modulated elec-
receiver output and the nerve circuit may be brought
trical signals are transmitted to produce sensations of
about effectively in a variety of ways, some of which will
sound equivalent to sounds received by the ear of a per-
be described with particularity, the most advantageous,
son having normal hearing capabilities.
practical form of capacitative coupling presently known
Thus, in the normal hearing system of the human body, 30
involves the use of one or more cup-shaped dental caps,
mechanisms in and associated with the ear seem to oper-
which are electrically coupled to viable nerves of or
ate essentially as electromechanical transducers, convert-
normally serving the teeth, in a manner to provide an
ing the air pressure modulations constituting "sounds" in-
effective and desirable form of electrical capacity at each
to corresponding, modulated electrical signals, which are
"terminal" of the nerve circuit.
transmitted to hearing centers of the brain.
The physical embodiment of the invention is capable
brought out by our prior discoveries, described in some
of a substantial variety ranging from appliances adapted
detail in our prior patent, that the nerve network serving
for application externally of the body to systems housed
the ear mechanism is associated with the facial nerve
system of the human body, which has nerve endings in
entireiy
within the oral cavity.
In its most
advan-
tageous form, the means of the invention includes ele-
the teeth and in other areas about the face and head, 40
ments mounted on and electrically associated with one
the association being such that modulated electrical signals
or more viable teeth of the user.
However, provision is
of the proper type, applied to receptor nerve endings of
made for operatively installing an appliance according
the facial system in the teeth, bypass some of the usual
to the invention in the oral cavity of an edentulous per-
mechanisms of the ear, or work in conjunction with them
son by incorporating the appliance within the structure
to produce sensations of sound which are largely indis- 45
of the dentures.
tinguishable from sensations derived through the usual
For a better understanding of the invention, reference
hearing facilities.
One of the significant consequences of
should be made to the following detailed description and
the discovery resides in the fact that persons whose nor-
to the accompanying drawings, in which:
mal hearing mechanisms have been so damaged as to
FIG. 1 is a simplified, schematic representation of an
be partially or wholly unresponsive to conventional, essen- 50 elementary form of hearing aid system according to the
tially mechanical hearing aids, can be made to receive the
invention;
usual sensations of sound by direct application of modu-
FIG. 2 is a simplified, schematic representation of a
lated electrical signals to the facial nerve system.
modification of the system shown in FIG. 1;
The present invention is directed specifically to the
FIG. 3 is a further simplified, schematic representation
provision of improved facilities for imparting amplitude 55 of a circuit equivalent employed in the system of the in-
modulated electrical signals, corresponding
vention, including a typical circuit equivalent representa-
sounds, through the facial nerve system of the human
tion for a nerve element;
body, to produce sensations of sound, with substantial
FIG. 4 is a schemațic representation, in more detailed
fidelity and reliability. In particular, the improvement
form, of a circuit equivalent for a nerve section, as cur-
of the present invention resides in the discovery of, and 60 rently theorized from experimental data;
the provision of means for applying in a practical way
FIG. 5 is a simplified, schematic representation of a
the principle of achieving especially advantageous elec-
modified form of system incorporating the invention;
trical association between the facial nerve system of the
FIGS. 6 and 7 are further modified forms of the new
body and a signal output appliance, by employing novel
system, in which circuit coupling appliances are mounted:
and improved coupling circuit arrangements.
65 on two viable teeth of the user;
In accordance with the invention, a novel and improved
FIG. 8. is a simplified, schematic representation of
hearing aid system is provided, which includes a radio
the circuit equivalent for the systems of FIGS. 5-7;
frequency
receiver for receiving transmitted radio fre-
PIG. 9 is a simplified, schematic representation of
quency signals and converting them to suitable audio
a further modified form of the invention adapted specif-
modulated signals, the receiver being provided with a 70 ically for incorporation into a denture structure; and
novel output circuit arrangement which, in conjunction
FIG. 10 is a simplified, schematic representation of a
with a portion of the facial nerve system to which it is
circuit equivalent of the system of FIG. 9.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 1216, "chars": 7977, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The invention described and claimed in our prior Patent
in accordance with the more fundamental aspects of our
No. 2,995,633 is based upon the fundamental discovery
prior Patent No. 2,995,633.
that the sensation of hearing can be created in the human
According to our experimental observations, the system
body by electrical stimulation of nerves of the facial sys-
illustrated in FIG. 1 of the drawing is operative to create
tem, using modulated electrical signals corresponding to
a sound sensation within the subject only when the probe
One of the basic objects of our further
end 20 is given a fricative motion over the sensitized
research, following the invention of our prior patent, was
The reason for this is not understood fully at the
the determination with particularity of the places and
present time, although we have theorized that the probe
manners of electrically stimulating the facial nerve system
end 20 establishes a capacitative coupling with the facial
of the human body, in order to achieve optimum efficiency 10
nerve system of the subject, and that the nerve system is
activated and sensitized and made receptive to the elec-
This further research has led to certain additional funda-
trical signals, by fricative, back-and-forth motion of the
which are embodied in the various
probe end, in a manner to effect variations in the capacity
forms of the invention hereinafter described.
value of the coupling.
But, regardless
of the reason,
Referring initially
to FIG. I of the drawing, there is 15
it appears that the system of FIG. 1 is not effectively oper-
shown a representative
system, embodying
ative in the absence of fricative movement of the probe
mental aspects of the present invention,
for stimulating
various sensitive areas of the facial nerve system in a
As mentioned above, the system of FIG. 1 is primarily
manner operative to create the sensation of an audible
operative when the probe end 20 is applied to certain
sound in the subject. As in the system of our prior 20 specific limited
areas about the head of the subject.
patent, an energizing signal advantageously is derived
These specific
areas appear to be highly receptive to
from a radio frequency transmitter 10, which desirably
electical stimulation in the manner contemplated by the
is placed about the body of the user or at a distance from
invention, while, at least as far as we were able to dis-
it, and is capable of receiving audible sounds and convert-
cover, other areas of the body, served generally by the
ing them to radio frequency signals.
25 facial nerve system, are either insensitive to the desired
10 energizes a radio frequency receiver 11 which,
electical stimulation or are capable of being sensitized
converts the radio frequency signal to an audio
only at a relatively unsatistactory level.
modulated electrical output signal.
Presently, we have been able to identify several prin-
output signal is impressed upon a primary transformer
cipal areas, distributed over the head and innervated by
coil 12, constituting part of the output circuit of the re- 30 the facial nerve system, which were receptive to electrical
A corresponding signal is impressed upon the
stimulation by the energized probe end 20.
secondary coil 13 of the transformer which forms, in effect,
were substantially constant from individual to individual.
an isolating inductance and is an active part of the energiz-
No part of the body not served by the facial nerve
ing circuit for the facial nerve system of the user.
system was found to be receptive to an electrical stimula-
In the first illustrated form of the invention, one side
tion which produced a sensation of sound in the subject.
of the receiver output circuit, constituted by the left-
In this respect, it is generally accepted that the facial nerve
hand terminal 14 of the isolating inductance is connected
system is confined to facial areas of the body and com-
to any suitable point on the body of the subject, as at
prises the Trigeminal or V nerve, the Facial or VII nerve,
the point designated by the reference numeral 15.
the Glosso-Pharyngeal or IX nerve, and the Autonomic
this respect, and as one of the significant aspects of the 40
with thetr sympathetic and parasym-
invention, the electrical connection established between
the terminal 14 and the body of the subject includes a
It is believed that the significant principle embodied in
In the illustrated, diagrammatic
the system of FIG. 1 resides in the use of an energizing
circuit arrangement, a variable capacitance 16 is an in-
circuit including an isolating inductance 13 and capacita-
tegral part of the body connection point 15.
tive couplings connecting each terminal of the isolating
it should be understood that a physical capacitative com-
the facial nerve system of the subject.
ponent is not necessarily required, since our research
However, although this significant principle was further
experience establishes that the system can be operated
established and utilized in other forms of the invention,
air capacitance coupling, in which the body of
to be described, it is conceivable that further research
the subject forms, in effect, one plate of the capacitor
may establish that the necessary fricative movement of
while the terminal 14 of the output circuit constitutes the
the probe end 20 creates some condition or performs some
other plate of the capacitor.
In this respect, the human
function other than, but similar in its effective establish-
skin has pronounced dielectric characteristics,
ing a capacitative coupling, as presently theorized.
advantage of in various ways in the practice
Referring to FIG. 3 of the drawing, there is illustrated
of the present invention.
diagrammatically the theorized circuit arrangement of the
The other side of the receiver output circuit, constituted
system of FIG. 1. The theorized circuit includes the out-
by the terminal 17 of the isolating inductance,
put transformer primary 12 of the receiver Il, which is
nected by a line 18 directly to a manual probe 19 whose
energized by audio modulated electrical signals corre-
active end 20, advantageously of spherical form, is elec-
The secondary coil 13 of the
trically connected to the line 18.
transformer constitutes an isolating inductance in the
In accordance with the present invention, as exempli-
nerve-activating circuit, and its respective terminals 14,
fied by the system of FIG. 1, sensations of sound cor-
17 are connected to capacitance units C1 and C2.
responding to audible sounds received by the radio fre-
capacitance units are in turn coupled to a circuit unit N,
quency transmitter 10 can be induced in the consciousness
representing a section of nerve of the facial nerve system
of the subject by applying the probe end 20 to the skin
of a subject. Diagrammatically, although perhaps as an
of the subject at specific sensitized areas about the head
oversimplification, the nerve section N may be considered
area. When the probe is applied to such sensitive areas
to consist of elements of resistance R, inductance L, and
an operative electrical circuit, including nerves of the
rectification D.
In addition, the nerve element N is effec-
facial system of the user, can be completed, such that the
tively grounded to the body at G.
facial nerve system of the subject is electrically stimulated
One of the significant and advantageous aspects of the
in accordance with the audio modulated electrical signals
nerve energization circuit, as represented in FIG. 3, re-
available at the output terminals 14, 17 of the inductance
sides in the fact that the circuit has inherent, desirable
13. When such a circuit is established, the subject re-
characteristics, such that the audio modulated electrical
ceives a sensation of sound, corresponding to the audible
signals impressed upon the isolating inductance 13 are,
sound imparted to the transmitter 10, substantially 75 through the capacitative coupling of the element C1, CZ

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 1145, "chars": 7864, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,170,993
and the inherent circuit characteristics of the nerve sec-
tooth 40 of the subject is denuded by removal of its pro-
tion N, modified and eflectively impressed into the nerve
circuit as desirably shaped pulses, to which the facial nerve
tective enamel layer 41 to expose sensitive nerve endings
42 which terminate in the dentine structure of the tooth.
system appears to be responsive.
A cup-shaped dental cap 43 is applied over the denuded
the equivalent electrical characteristics of a
tooth, using generally conventional dental techniques,
nerve section are thought to be considerably more com-
and a small element of piezoelectric material 44
plex than schematically represented in FIG. 3, although
vantageousiy is interposed and electrically coupled be-
the FIG. 3 representation appears to be adequately repre-
tween the exposed nerve endings 42 and the metal ma-
sentative to explain the overall circuit operation in terms
terial (e.g., goid) of the cap 43.
A housing 45, advan-
of the observations made thus far.
Actually, there are 10
tageously formed to simulate a false tooth or an adjacent
several more specific theories of the circuit equivalency
pair of false teeth is mounted adjacent the capped tooth
of a nerve fiber, one such being illustrated in FIG. 4 as
40 and houses a radio frequency receiver 46 of micro-
derived from Medical Physics, vol. 1, page 805, issued
miniaturized form.
by Yearboook Publishers, Chicago, in 1944.
As in the case of the systems of FIGS. 1 and 2, the re-
lent circuit there illustrated comprises parallel lines 21, 22 15
ceiver 46 of the FIG. 5 system is provided with an output
of resistive characteristics, between which extend parallel
circuit including an inductance 48 forming the primary of
consisting of units of capacitance 24,
an output transformer, upon which is impressed audio
resistance 25, inductance 26, and electromotive force 27.
modulated signals
from the receiver network.
In fact, however, the circuit equivalency of the
ductance 49, constituting the secondary coll of the trans-
fiber is known to be very complex, and the description 20
former and forming an isolating inductance in the nerve
and definition of the invention herein disclosed and
activating circuit, also is contained within the housing 45
claimed is not to be limited in any sense by a particular
and has output connections 50, 51 extending in insulating
representation or theorization of the nerve circuit equiva-
relation through the walls of the housing.
In FIG. 2 of the drawings, there is shown a system, 25
output connections is coupled directly to the conductive
metal cap 43 provided on the denuded tooth 40.
substantially along the lines of the FIG. 1 system,
in accordance with the invention, the other output con-
is adapted for fully electrical operation, realized by
nection 50 is capacitatively coupled to the facial nerve
achieving with electromechanical means
system of the subject, advantageously by means, such as
the manual, fricative motion of the probe end 20 of the
capacitative plate 54 which substantially through the gum
FIG. 1 system. In the FIG. 2 system, there is provided a 30
mucosa contacts the nerve trunk 53 leading to the denuded
simple form of appliance, including a housing 30, a
ground electrode 31 and an electromechanical element
Actually, the capacitative coupling between the output
32, typically including piezoelectrical element 33.
connection plate 50 and the gum mucosa 52 may be a
appliance is suitably held against the face or head of the
saliva coupling, rather than a direct electrical coupling
subject, in a position such that the piezoelectrical element 35
using a physical capacitative component.
33 is in physical and electrical contact with one of the
However, an
actual physical connection may be desirable for improved
established sensitive areas of the subject.
The ground
reliability and is illustrated to facilitate a proper under-
electrode 31 likewise is held in electrical contact with the
standing of the invention.
subject, but the particular area contacted by the ground
In the completed nerve-activating circuit of the FIG.
5 system, the operative section of the facial nerve is capaci-
the face, in view of practical limitations on the size and
tatively coupled to one side of the inductance 49 by means
configuration of the housing 30.
of the capacitative element 54, while the other side of
The energizing circuit arrangement for the system of
the inductance 49 is capacitatively coupled to the nerve
FIG. 2 includes an inductance 12, constituting the pri-
endings 42 by means of the cup-shaped dental cap
43,
mary coil of the receiver output, and an isolating induc-
which functions much like a Leyden jar, by virtue of its
tance 13, constituting the secondary coil of the trans-
cup-like configuration and its generally surrounding rela-
former. One terminal 14 of the isolating inductance is
tion to the nerve endings 42.
Accordingly, when modu-
connected through a variable capacitor 34 to the ground
lated, audio frequency electrical signals are impressed
electrode 31, while the other terminal 17 of the inductance
upon the isolating inductance 49, desirably shaped pulses
is connected through a line 35 to the electromechanical 50
are impressed upon the facial nerve system, through the
cooperative relationship of the inductance 49, the capacita-
an activating signal is applied to the isolating
tive couplings at each side thereof, and the inherent elec-
inductance 13, a circuit is completed through the piezo-
trical nature of the nerve fiber itself.
The applicable
electrical element 33, nerves of the facial system of the
schematic circuit representation, at least as presently un-
subject, and the ground electrode 31.
The modulated
derstood, is illustrated in FIG. 3.
signal applied to the piezoelectrical element 33 causes
In the system of FIG. 6, a radio frequency receiver 60
corresponding physical distortions of the element, in a
is encased within a housing 61, advantageously in the
well known manner, such thạt the end of the element
form of a false tooth or a pair of adjacent false teeth.
moves rapidly relative to the skin of the subject, resulting
The receiver has an output circuit including an inductance
in the desirable, fricative motion, such as derived through
62, forming an output transformer primary,
manual manipulation of the probe 19 in a system
adapted to impress signals upon an inductance 63, consți-
tuting the secondary of the transformer.
The inductance
In the system of FIG. 2, a capacitative coupling is es-
63 has output connections 64, 65 passing in insulated re-
tablished between the inductance terminal 17 and the
lation through the walls of the housing 61 for operative
sensitive nerve area of the subject by virtue of the in-
connection in the nerve activating circuit to be described.
herent capacitative characteristics of the piezoelectrical
To effect the desired circuit connection to the facial
element 33, and, perhaps, in part through the contact be-
nerve system, the system, of FIG. 6 utilizes a pair of viable
tween the element and the subject's skin.
teeth 66, 67 which have been denuded of their enamel to
trical element may be of a conventional type, formed of a
material such as Rochelle salt, barium titanate, or the 70
expose sensitive nerve endings 67, 68 of the dentine and
have been provided with generally conventional dental
In the system of FIG. 5, permanent electrical connec-
caps 69, 70 formed of a conductive material, such as
tion to the sensitive nerve endings of the facial system
gold. One of the caps 69, is connected to one side of
of the subject is established by appliances received within
the isolating inductance 63 by means of the output con-
the oral cavity of the subject. Advantageously, a viable 75 nection 65, while the other cap, 70, is connected to the

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 1201, "chars": 7958, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,170,993
other side of the inductance by means of the output con-
rection 64 to complete a circuit.
duced through the use of the transducer 92 is supple-
mental and secondary to that induced by imparting modu-
In the system of FIG. 6, the isolating inductance 63
lated electrical signals to the facial nerve system of the
is capacitatively coupled in the desired manner to the
subject. In this respect, it has been shown that when an
operative section of the facial nerve by means of the two
intra-oral radio receiver with a transducer (speaker) out-
cup-shaped dental caps 69, 70, which, as explained in con-
pat is placed in the mouth (and the system is electrically
nection with the system of FIG. 5, function as Leyden
insulated from the body) the sensation of hearing does not
result. Thus a straight bone conductor in the mouth does
A simplified, equivalent circuit representation of the
not function as an aid to hearing unless its output is
system of FIG. 6 is shown in FIG. 8, which illustrates the 10 electrically coupled to the facial nerve system.
inductance coils 62, 63 of the receiver output, capacitive
As will be understood, the circuit operation of the sys-
elements C3, C4, representing the cap connections to the
tem of FIG. 7, insofar as it operates to impress the de-
and the active nerve section N, in-
sired, modulated signal upon the facial nerve system, is
cluding equivalent circuit elements in the form of resist-
subsiantially the same as the system of FIG. 6, the iso-
ance R, inductance L, and rectification D, as well as body 15
lating inductance 85 of the receiver outout being capacita-
tively coupled at both sides to the active section of the
One of the particularly unique and advantageous fea-
nerve system of the subject.
The specific system illus-
tures of the system of FIG. 6 resides in the fact that its
trated in FIG. 7 utilizes a separate antenna element 82
intra-oral receiver unit 60, which receives transmission
for the radio frequency receiver 80, but it will be under-
of radio frequency signals from a transmitter 71 located 20 stood that the system may be operated without the sepa-
on or about the body of the subject, is substantially com-
rate antenna, substantially as described in connection
pletely shielded by the housing 61, which advantageously
with the system of FIG. 6.
is formed of a conductive material
Surprisingly, the
The circuit equivalent representation of the system of
shielded receiver not only receives and faithfully converts
FIG. 7 is substantially that indicated in FIG. 8, the mag-
the radio frequency transmission directed to it, but the 25
netic coil transducer being omitted in view of its essen-
signal-to-noise ratio of the system is found to be sur-
tially mechanical involvement insofar as the subject is
prisingly and unexpectedly high.
concerned. In the system of FIG. T, the output leads
in this respect, is not fully understood, although
8ó and 87 can be connected to the teeth in either a series
it is believed at the present time that the output connec-
their associated conductive caps 69, 70 fune-
While the systems of FIGS. 5-7 involve the utilization
tion not only in the previously described manner, but
of viable teeth of the subject, the invention is not intended
also as an antenna system for the radio frequency trans-
to be limited to use by subjects having viable teeth. Thus,
mission and a filter system for the receiver output.
in the system of FIG. 9 provision is made for the
whatever the reason, the experimental data derived as of
use of intraoral appliances by edentulous subjects.
the present time indicates that the system of FIG. 6 ex- 35
system of FIG. 9 includes a radio frequency receiver 100
hibits highly efficient and faithful operating characteris-
encased in a non-conductive housing 101 which forms part
tics in terms of creating in the subject a faithful, high
of the structure of a set of dentures designated generally
fidelity sensation of the audible sound actually energizing
by the numeral 102.
In the illustrated arrangement, the
receiver 100 has an antenna element 103 distributed with-
The system of FIG. 7 has substantial similarities to the 40 in the housing in insulated relation and is provided
system of FIG. 6, but incorporates a radio frequency re-
also with an output transformer including a primary coil
ceiver unit provided with a more or less conventional type
104 and a secondary coil 105, the latter constituting an
In addition, the system of FIG. 7 is
isolating inductance in the nerve activating circuit, as
modified slightly to take advantage of a latent capability
of aiding the hearing of the subject through bone con-
Advantageously mounted adjacent the receiver housing
duction, as a supplement to the electrically induced hear-
101 and forming part of the denture structure is a false
ing derived from the system of FiG. 6.
Thus, in the sys-
tooth unit 106, comprising a dental cap 107, formed of
tem of FIG. 7, a radio frequency receiver 80 is contained
conductive material and mounted on a supporting stub
within a non-conducting housing 81 and has an antenna
108 of a suitable dielectric material. Embedded within
element 82 buried in the interior of the insulating hous- 50
the stub is a magnetic coil transducer element 109 hay-
The receiver is provided with an output trans-
former including a primary coil 84 and a secondary coil
ing a vibrating plate 114. A protruding, flat-plate end
110 is adapted to establish electrical contact with the
85, the latter constituting an isolating inductance in the
gum tissue of the subject when the denture structure is
The inductance 85 is provided
operatively placed in the mouth of the subject.
with output connections 86, 87 passing through the walls
The dental cap 107 is coupled directly to one terminal
of the insulating housing 81.
of the isolating inductance, by means of its output con-
As in the case of the system of FIG. 6, the system of
nection Ill, establishing a capacitative coupling between
FIG. 7 makes use of a pair of viable teeth 88, 89, which
the inductance and the contact point 110 through the
are denuded of their exposed enamel and provided with
Leyden jar configuration of the false tooth 105, and the
conductive dental caps 90, 91 to establish a capacitative
magnetic coil transducer element 109.
coupling with the nerve endings 92, 93 of the teeth.
In accordance with the invention, a desirable, capacita-
the system of FIG. 6, the conductive cap 90 is connected
tive coupling between the subject and the other terminal
directly to the output connection 87 of the inductance 85,
of the inductance 105 is established by means of a con-
while the second conductive cap 91 is connected to the
tact element 112 formed of piezoelectric material and
output connection 86 through a magnetic coil transducer 65
connected at one end to the inductance.
94, which is fixed to the tooth 89, advantageously as part
element passes through the base of the housing in in-
of the cap structure. The magnetic coil transducer 94 is
sulated relation and has an exposed contact plate 112
designed, using conventional principles, to impart to the
adapted to establish electrical contact with the gum tissue
tooth a mechanical, vibratory motion corresponding to
of the subject when the denture structure is in operative
the electrical signals impressed upon the transducer coils. 70 position, as indicated in FIG. 9.
The mechanical vibrations thus induced in the tooth are
In the operation of the system of FIG. 9, the piezo-
transmitted in a well-known manner through
electric contact element 112 is distorted by the applica-
structure of the subject to the electromechanical ear mech-
tion of a signal voltage thereto, to provide a desirable,
anisms to induce sensations of hearing.
fricative stimulation of the gum tissue for improved re-
It should be understood that the bone conduction in- 75 ceptivity of the nerve receptors to the applied signals.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 1122, "chars": 7790, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,170,993
if appropriate, the plate element 110 of the
5. The means of claim 3, in which at least one of said
tooth structure 106 may be formed of piezoelectric mate-
capacitative couplings comprises a false tooth structure
rial to provide fricative stimulation of the
including a cup-shaped cap, said output circuit includes
through the exposed surface of the element 110.
an isolating inductance, and a magnetic coil element is
FIG. 10 illustrates schematically the circuit equivalent
housed within said false tooth structure and connected
arrangements of the system of FIG. 9. The circuit in-
between said isolating inductance and the contact ele-
cludes the receiver output transformer comprising pri-
ment associated with said false tooth structure.
mary and secondary coils 104, 105, capacitative couplings
6. Means for aiding hearing by imparting modulated
C5, C, and a nerve "circuit" N, comprising elements of
electrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of a
resistance R, inductance L, and rectification D and being 10
subject, comprising a radio frequency receiver for receiv-
grounded to the body at G.
ing transmitted signals corresponding to audible sounds,
basic circuit equivalent arrangement of FIG. 10 is funda-
said receiver having an output circuit, said output circuit
mentally similar to that of FIGS. 3 and 8.
having output terminals presenting modulated electrical
systems of the present invention,
signals corresponding to said audible sounds, first circuit
employing fundamental aspecis of our prior Patent No. 15
means including
capacitative coupling for eflectively
2,995,633, incorporate significant new discoveries, result-
connecting one terminal of said output circuit to the body
ing in improved and more reliable performance and capa-
of the subject, and second circuit means, including a mov-
ble of widespread practical application.
Specifically, the
able conductive element coupled to the other terminal of
basic concept of establishing a capacitative coupling be-
said output circuit, for effectively connecting the other
tween the selected
nerve circuit of the facial nerve sys- 20
terminal of the output circuit to viable nerves
tem and the opposite terminals of a receiver output in-
facial system of the subject, said movable conductive ele-
ductance, appears to render the nerve system significantly
ment being adapted for motion relative to body surface
more sensitive or receptive to the applied signals. One
areas of the subject innervated by the facial nerve system.
possible explanation of this advantageous phenomenon is
7. The means of claim 6, in which said movable con-
that the complete circuit, including an isolating inductance, 25
ductive element is a piezoelectrical element having a por-
capacitative couplings, and nerve section, forms a desir-
tion mounted in physical contact with one of the body
able pulse forming network, whereby signal pulses of a
particularly desirable form are imparted to the selected
nerve section. It is recognized, however, that the systems
of the body are very complex and not fully understood, 30
and our explanations of the results achieved should be
considered as tentative.
It should be understood that the specifie forms of the
invention herein illustrated and described are intended to
be representative only, since certain changes may be made 35
therein without departing from the clear teachings of the
Accordingly, reference should be made to
the following appended claims in determining the full
S. The means of claim 6, in which at least one of said
circuit means includes a variable capacitative coupling.
9. The means of claim 6, in which said first and second
circuit means include capacitative coupling means.
10. The means of claim 6, which includes a housing
adapted for mounting adjacent one of the body surface
areas, said first circuit means includes a terminal con-
ductor mounted by said housing and held thereby in
electrically coupled relation with the body of the subject,
and said movable conductive element comprises a piezo-
electrical element anchored by said housing and having a
movable and electrically energized portion in electrical
and physical contact with the body surface areas, said
1. Means for aiding hearing by imparting modulated
piezoelectrical element being energized by said modulated
electrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of a
subject, comprising a radio frequency receiver for receiv-
11. The means of claim 10, in which said first circuit
ing transmitted signals corresponding to audible sounds,
means includes variable capacitative coupling means.
said receiver having an output circuit, said output circuit 45
12. Means for aiding hearing by imparting modulated
having output terminals presenting modulated electrical
electrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of
signals corresponding to said audible sounds, first circuit
comprising a radio frequency receiver for
means including a first capacitative coupling for connect-
receiving transmitted signals corresponding to audible
ing one terminal ci said output in circuit with viable
sounds, said receiver having an output circuit, said out-
nerves of the facial system of the subject, and second 50 put circuit having output terminals presenting modulated
means including a second capacitative coupling
electrical signals corresponding to said audible sounds,
for connecting the other terminal of said output in circuit
first circuit means including a first capacitative coupling
for coupling one terminal of said output circuit to endings
of claim 1, which includes detection
of viable nerves of the facial system in a tooth of the sub-
means in association with one of said circuit means, said 5ã ject, and second circuit means including a second capaci-
detection means being so oriented relative to the section
tative coupling for connecting the other terminal of said
of said viable nerves in circuit association with said cir-
output circuit to a predetermined region of said viable
cuit means that the outer portion of said nerve section is
negative relative to the inner portion of said nerve section.
13. The means of claim 12, in which said first ca-
3. The means of claim 1, for use by a substantially 60 pacitative coupling comprises a cup-shaped conductive
edentulous subject, which includes
a denture structure
housing said radio frequency receiver and said first and
14. The means of claim 12, which includes means for
second circuit means, said denture structure being adapted
for reception about edentulous regions of the subject's
detecting said modulated signal, whereby the signal ap-
oral cavity including said first and second predetermined 65
plied to said nerve endings is negative with respect to said
areas, and said denture structure having first and second
predetermined region of said viable nerves.
contact elements associated with and forming terminais of
15. The means of claim 12, in which said second cir-
said first and second circuit means, said contact elements
cuit means comprises a plate-like element in surface con-
being mounted in exposed relation for establishing elec-
tact with the facial area of the subject and maintained in
trical communication with said first and second predeter- 70
electrical contact with said predetermined region of said
mined areas upon operative positioning of said denture
viable nerves, and said second capacitative coupling in-
structure within the oral cavity.
cludes said plate-like element.
4. The means of claim 3, in which at least one of said
16. The means of claim 15, in which said first capaci-
contact elements comprises an element of piezoelectric
tative coupling comprises a cup-shaped conductive ele-
75 ment connected to said one terminal of said output circuit

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 3353, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,170,993
12
and positioned in generally surrounding relation lo said
17. Means for aiding hearing by imparting modulated
electrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of a
subject, comprising a radio frequency receiver for receiv-
ing transmitted signals corresponding to audible sounds,
said receiver having an output circuit, said output circuit
having output terminals presenting modulated electrical
signals corresponding to
said audible sounds, first ca-
pacitative coupling means for connecting one terminal of 10
said output circuit to free endings of viable nerves of the
facial system in a first tooth of the subject, and second
capacitative coupling means for connecting the other ter-
minal of said output circuit to free endings of viable
nerves of the facial system in a second tooth of the 15
comprises a conductive housing forming a shielded en-
closure for said receiver circuit means.
22. The means of claim 20, in which said dental bridge
comprises a non-conductive housing, and said receiver
circuit means includes
an antenna element distributed
through said housing in insulated relation to the oral
cavite Means for aiding bearing by imparting modulated
ectrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of
bject, comprising a radio trequency receiver for r
transmitted Signals corresponding to audible
sounds, said receiver having an output circuit, said output
circuit having output terminals presenting modulated
electrical signals corresponding to said audible sounds,
first circuit means including a first capacitative coupling
for connecting one terminal of said output circuit to a
18. The means of claim 17, in which said first and sec-
first predetermined area of the gum tissue of the subject,
ond capacitative coupling means comprise cup-shaped
and second circuit means including a second capacitative
caps mounted on said first and second teeth.
coupling for connecting the other terminal of said output
19. The means of claim 17, which includes electro- 20 circuit to a second predetermined area of the gum tissue
mechanical transducer means mechanically coupled to one
of the subject.
of said teeth and operative to effect mechanical stimula-
24. Means for aiding hearing by imparting modulated
electrical signals to viable nerves of the facial system of a
tion of said tooth corresponding to electrical excitation
subject, comprising a radio frequency receiver for receiv-
of the free nerve endings thereof.
ing transmitted signals corresponding to audible sounds,
20. The means of claim 17, in which said ratio fre-
said receiver having an output circuit including an isolat-
quency receiver comprises receiver circuit means, a dental
ing inductance, first circuit means including a first ca-
bridge encapsulating said receiver circuit means and
pacitative coupling for connecting one terminal
adapted for reception and mounting within the oral cavity
inductance to viable nerves of the facial system of a sub-
of the subject, and insulated output circuit connections 30 ject, and second circuit means including a second capaci-
extending from said dental bridge for connection with said
tative coupling for connecting the other terminal of said
first and second capacitative couplings.
inductance to said viable nerves.
21. The means of claim 20, in which said dental bridge
No references cited,
:

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 263, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
July 16, 1968 G, P. FLANAGAN -— 3,393,279

NERVOUS SYSTEM EXCITATION DEVICE

Filed March 13, 1962 2 Sheets-Sheet 1
6
FIG]. | POWER SUPPLY |
3 5

RF POWER AUDIO SOURCE OF

GENERATOR

MODULATOR [* | AUDIO SIGNAL |

H Ik
| RF FREQUENCY
3a conTRO

CONTROL —

FIG.4.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 461, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
3,393,279

SYSTEM EXCITATION DEVICE

G. P. FLANAGAN

July 16, 1968

_ NERVOUS

oy
nd

« Sheets—Sheet

1962

al

Filed March 13,

ee ee ee

ce

UOOOOT

a4

Si

ee ey meer me i ee eee

ei

fy

22 ZOOS

INVENTOR

oz  IWNoIs DOA SLE

ony +G

OF

5
h

I

I ' -

l (vv

: :

-

j vw

'

|

| (vv

! :

won peeeee nen
'
t
i
ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee

I

|
ZL : |
i
! , ——
WAIWYVD d-u | i
Q3.LV INGOW Ol ©
“SONLIId WY uaiuyW> 4-u ee me pm a ae eee

QO ©

t
+ 6)

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 1128, "chars": 7425, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,393,279
Patented July 16, 1968
1
2
in which the noise level is high, as a device by which :
3.393,279
person can listen to an audio signal that cannot be hear
NERVOUS SYSTEM EXCITATION DEVICE
by others, etc.
Gillis Patrick Flanagan, Bellaire, Tex., assignor to Listen-
ing Incorporated, Arlington, Mass., a corporation of
As shown in FIGURE 1 of the drawing, in a preferred
Massachusetts
5
form of the invention, a field of electromagnetic waves is
Filed Mar. 13, 1962, Ser. No. 179,337
generated by a field generating means, such as a pair of
3 Claims. (CI. 179—107)
electrodes 1. The electrodes 1 are preferably electrically
insulated, for example by surrounding them with a suit-
This invention relates to electromagnetic excitation of
able electrical insulating material 2, and are arranged to
the nervous system of a mammal and pertains more par- 10
generate a field coupled with at least a portion of the
cularly to a method and apparatus for exciting the nervous
nervous system of a person, for example by being placed
system of a person with electromagnetic waves that are
near or
along opposite sides of a person's head. The
capable of causing that person to become conscious of in-
electrodes 1 can be placed in direct contact with the skin
formation conveyed by the electromagnetic waves.
and the electrodes can be placed on or near various por
It is an object of the present invention to provide a 15
tions of the body, such portions preferably being near the
means of initiating controllable responses of the neuro
spinal cord.
senses without applying pressure waves or stress waves
The electrodes 1 are electrically connected to a source
to the ears or bones. Another object of this invention is to
of modulated electromagnetic waves inclusive of a radio
provide a means of causing a person to receive an aural
frequency power amplifier and variable frequency oscil-
perception of the sound corresponding to the audio modu- 20 lator, indicated in box 3, an audio modulator, indicated in
lation of radio frequency electromagnetic waves that are
box 4, a source of audio signal, indicated in box 5, and a
coupled with the nervous system of the person. These and
power supply for the signal source, modulator and am-
other objects of this invention will be understood from
plifier, indicated in box 6. The variable frequency oscil-
the following drawings and description of the invention,
lator 3 is preferably provided with a manual radio fre-
25 quency control means, indicated by box 3a. Numerous
FIGURE 1 is a schematic illustration of one form of
forms of the components, indicated in boxes 3 to 6, that
the present nervous system excitation device.
provide suitable power and a source of modulated electro-
FIGURE 2 is a circuit diagram of one form of the
magnetic waves are presently known and the known de-
present nervous system excitation device.
vices can suitably be used as long as they are arranged to
FIGURE 3 is a diagrammatic view illustrating one form 30 produce a relatively high voltage output that has a radio
of field generator adapted to be used with the device of
frequency above the audio range and is capable of being
modulated by an audio signal or other signal adapted to
FIGURE 4 is a diagrammatic view illustrating another
be conveyed by the modulation of electromagnetic waves
form of field
generator adapted to be used
of such a frequency.
device of FIGURE 1.
The modulation can suitably be effected by means of
The present invention involves the discovery that cer-
either an amplitude or frequency modulation of such
tain electromagnetic waves induce responses in the nerv-
electromagnetic waves. These waves preferably have a
ous systems of mammals. In human beings a response is
frequency in the range of from about 20 kilocycles per
produced when some or all of a person's nervous system
second to about 200 kilocycles per second. The output of
is placed within a field of electromagnetic waves having
the source of modulated electromagnetic waves is prefer-
a radio frequency above the audible range. In addition,
ably at least about 1 watt where the field generator com-
the nervous system of a person is contacted by
prises a pair of insulated electrodes placed on the head
modulated electromagnetic carrier waves of such a fre-
of a person. The extent to which a person is aurally per-
quency, the nervous system is responsive to the modula-
ceptive to the output supplied at a given wattage is ma-
tion of the carrier waves. Each individual nervous system
terially increased when at least one of the electrodes is
is at least somewhat selective in respect to the frequencies
placed in electrical contact with the body of the person.
to which it is most responsive. A frequency to which the
In a preferred mode of operating the apparatus shown
nervous system of a person is demonstrably responsive can
in FIGURE 1, the electrodes 1 are placed on the sides of
be determined by varying the frequency of carrier waves
the head of a person. The source 5 of audio signal is
that are modulated by an information signal, such as 50
actuated to produce an audio signal corresponding to
speech or music, and measuring the frequency of such
sounds recognizable by that person, and source 3 of
waves that produce the sensation of hearing the sounds
modulated electromagnetic waves is actuated to couple
corresponding to the modulating signal.
the waves with the nervous system of that person. When
In the method of the present invention, a response is
control 3A is adjusted so that the frequency of the modu-
initiated in the nervous system of a mammal by dis-
55
lated waves is a frequency to which his nervous system is
posing at least a portion of that nervous system within
particularly responsive,
the person to whom the field of
a field of electromagnetic waves of a radio frequency
such waves is applied has the sensation of hearing the
above the aural range. In a preferred embodiment of
sounds
corresponding to the audio signal substantially
this invention, the field to which the nervous system is ex-
free of distortion.
posed is a field containing
modulated electromagnetic
In the circuit shown in FIGURE 2, a phase shift type
waves of a particular radio frequency to which the indi-
of carrier oscillator, generally designated by dotted rec-
vidual nervous system is selectively responsive. In a par-
tangle 7, with a frequency control, generally designated
ticularly preferred embodiment of this invention, at least
by rectangle 8, is arranged to produce electromagnetic
a portion of the nervous system of a person is exposed to
shown at A, a frequency ranging from about
audio modulated electromagnetic waves having a radio
frequency such that the person experiences the sensation
20 to about 200 kilocycles per second. The oscillator out-
put is coupled through capacitor 9 to a radio frequency
of hearing, substantially free of distortion,
power amplifier, generally designated by dotted rectangle
tion which is conveyed by the audio modulation.
10. Potentiometer 11, which is connected between capaci-
The present invention may be used as a hearing aid, as
tor 9 and ground, provides a means of adjusting the input
an aid to teaching speech to a person who was born deaf,
to the amplifier.
Switch 12, which is connected to the
as a means of communicating with persons in locations
cathode of tube 13 of the amplifier, provides a means

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 894, "chars": 5948, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,393,279
of switching between resistors 14 and 15 to vary the oper-
ating power characteristics of the tube.
The output of amplifier 10 is connected to transformer
16 which is coupled back-to-back with transformer 17.
This arrangement of transformers provides an inductive
load such that the amplifier yields a high voltage output
and is isolated from other components of the circuit. Re-
sistor 18 connected across the output side of transformer
17 serves to reduce any dangerous voltage spikes which
might be produced. The output side of transformer 17
is connected to a suitable field generator, which may com-
prise the electrodes 1 surrounded
The output of amplifier 10 is ampltiude modulated by
means of the modulator generally designated by dotted
rectangle 19. A fluctuating electrical signal B, prefer-
ably of audio frequency, is applied to the modulator by
means of input jack 20 and transformer 21. The output
of the modulator varies the screen voltage of tube
of the amplifier so that the modulation envelope of the
current oscillation C produced across the load of tube 13
the fluctuating signal B
applied to the
Potentiometer 22 is connected to the cathode of tube
23 as the cathode resistor of tube 23. Potentiometer 22
is preferably adjusted so that the plate current of tube
13 is about half its normal maximum value. The fluctu-
ating signal applied to modulator 19 is then adjusted to
cause the plate current of tube 13 to vary between the
maximum and minimum values so that a large current
variation occurs in the load 16 of tube 13.
The apparatus shown in FIGURE 2 has been used to
communicate speech and music to numerous persons in-
cluding registered physicians. In these uses the electrodes
1, in the form of circular disc covered by a plastic insula-
tion 2, were placed against the sides of the heads of the
persons. When the electromagnetic waves were adjusted
to a frequency to which persons having normal hearing
were selectively responsive, none of these persons per-
ceived any sensations of hearing or experienced any dis-
combort when no audio modulation was applied to the
When the waves were audio modulated with a
speech or music signal, none of these persons experienced
any discomfort, but they each had the sensation of listen-
ing to the transmitted information and "hearing" it at
least as clearly as they would hear such information from
an audible transmitter. When the same apparatus was
similarly employed on a person whose hearing had been
damaged to an extent requiring a hearing aid to hear
normal conversation, that person
"heard" the audio sig-
music with a better fidelity than that obtainable with his
FIGURE 3 shows an arrangement for mounting the
field generating means in a position such that a portion
of a person's nervous system may be moved into and
put of coupling with the field at the will of the person
In this arrangement, electrodes 1 surrounded by insula-
tion 2 are mounted in vertical alignment along the back
of a seating device, such as chair 24. When a person is
seated and leaning
back in the chair, portions of his
nervous system are brought into coupling relationship
with the field produced by electrodes 1.
FIGURE 4 shows an alternative arrangement of the
generating means. In this arrangement, inductive
coil 25 is connected to the output of a suitable source
of modulated electromagnetic waves and serves as a field
generating means which is adapted to be placed around
It is to be understood that the above embodiments and
examples have been presented for descriptive purposes
and that, within the scope of the appended claims, the
invention may be practiced otherwise than specifically
illustrated and described.
1. A method of transmitting audio information to the
brain of a subject through the
nervous system of the
subject which method comprises, in combination, the steps
of generating a radio frequency signal having a frequency
in excess of the highest frequency of the audio informa-
tion to be transmitted, modualting said radio frequency
signal with the audio information to be transmitted, and
applying said modulated radio frequency signal to a pair
of insulated electrodes and placing both of said insulated
electrode in physical contact with the skin of said sub-
ject, the strength of said radio frequency electromagnetic
field being high enough at the skin surface to cause the
the audio information modulated
thereon in the brain of said subject and low enough so
that said subject experiences no physical discomfort.
2. The method of claim 1 wherein said modulated elec-
tromagnetic field is coupled with a portion of the nervous
system contained in the person's spinal column.
3. Apparatus for transmitting audio information to the
brain of a subject through the nervous system of the sub-
ject comprising, in combination, means for generating a
radio frequency signal having a frequency greater than
the maximum frequency of said audio information, means
for modulating said radio frequency signal with the audio
information to be transmitted, electrode means adapted
generate a localized radio frequency electromagnetic
field thereabout when excited by a radio frequency signal,
and means coupling said modulated radio frequency sig-
nal to said electrode means, said electrode means hav-
ing a surface adapted to be capacitively coupled to a
localized area at the surface of the skin of said subject
when placed in physical contact therewith whereby said
electrode means may generate a localized radio frequency
electromagnetic field modulated by said audio informa-
tion at the surface of the skin of said subject, and means
on said surface of said electrode means for insulating
said electrode means from the skin of said subject.
UNITED STATES PATENTS
Rutschmann, pp. 22, 23, IRE Transactions on Med.
Electronics, March 1959.
KATHLEEN H. CLAFFY, Primary Examiner.
ROBERT H. ROSE, Examiner.
J. W. JOHNSON, A. A. McGILL, Assistant Examiners.
