{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T03:52:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 277696, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125348-cejka-patent-3056073.pdf", "source_sha256": "4cc736727e918a0cdbcc95bf4ac3e9fe6d3462d3c3ab71e8d193b988852fa6c2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 425, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Sept. 25, 1962
Filed Feb, 15, 1960
ENERGY
INSULATOR
METAL
(CONDUCTION BAND -16
C. A. MEAD
SOLID-STATE ELECTRON DEVICES
3,056,073
218
2 Sheets-Sheet 1
INSULATOR
116
--14
METAL
18
METAL
VALENCE BAND
FIG.1
METAL
EMITTER
18
FIG. 2
INSULATOR
116
--14
12
FIG. 5
METAL
BASE
18'
18
METAL
EMITTER
:
FIG.4
16
514
10
INSULATOR
METAL
BASE
18
INSULATOR
Vilé
10
FIG. 7
METAL
COLLECTOR
19
INVENTOR.
CARVER A. MEAD
BY
Lyou rhyou
ATTORNEYS

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 263, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Sept. 25, 1962
Filed Feb, 15, 1960
28
26
24.
22
FIG. 6
60
FIG.8
58,
56-
54
52
C. A. MEAD
SOLID-STATE ELECTRON DEVICES
3,056,073
2 Sheets-Sheet 2
-30
FIG.3
232
43
40
38
36
34
66
64-
42
282
80
174
50
782
E72
162
76°
INVENTOR.
CARVER A. MEAD
BY
Lyou rhype
ATTORNEYS

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1097, "chars": 7160, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
United States Patent Office
3,056,073
Patented Sept. 25, 1962
1
2
FIGURE 3 is a representation of an embodiment of
SOLID-STATE ELECTRON DEVICES
FIGURE 4 is a graph illustrating a typical voltage cur-
Carver A. Mead, Pasadena, Calif., assignor to California
rent characteristic derived for an
Institute Research Foundation, Pasadena, Calif., a cor-
5 invention which was constructed.
Filed Feb. 15, 1960, Ser. No. 8,589
FIGURE 5 is an energy level diagram for another em-
(Cl. 317-234)
bodiment of this invention.
FIGURE 6 illustrates an embodiment of this invention
This invention relates to solid-state electron devices and
which may be used as a controlled electron source.
more particularly to improvements therein.
10
FIGURE 7 is an energy level diagram for another en-
The latest of the solid-state electron devices which has
bodinent of this invention.
been given wide publicity and will apparently comprise
FIGURE 8 illustrates an embodiment of this invention
an important element in elecironic circuits is called the
which can be used as a triode.
"Tunnel" or "Esaki" diode. It has been described by L.
The phenomenon known as
"Tunnel effect" is one
Esaki, in the Physical Review, volume 109, page 603, 15
which has been known for some time.
This phenomenon
1958, and also by H. S. Sommers, in the Proceedings of
is the penetration of an electron into a classically forbidden
the I.R.E., volume 47, page 1201, 1959.
region or a region where its energy lies in a forbidden
diodes are characterized by a negative conductance region
This invention makes use of this phenomenon
which occurs when the current falls from an excessively
high value in response to the application of very low 20
Consider the behavior of two metal plates separated by
forward voltages to a value somewhat above that of a
an insulating layer, when a large voltage is connected
normal p-n junction at a higher forward voltage.
between the two plates.
If the insulating layer is thick
The
"tunnel" diode is made of material designated as
compared with an electron mean-free path in the material
semiconductor material such as germanium or
silicon.
(typically 500 angstroms or so) an electron in the con-
More
specifically, it consists of p type semiconductor 25 duction band will be accelerated by the electric field until
material joined to n type semiconductor material having
(on the average) one mean-free path later when it will
a narrow p-n junction, on the order of 150 angstroms thick.
suffer a collision with the lattice.
If the eletcron has
The junction is made small in order that electrons from
gained sufficient energy in one mean-free path to raise
the n type material be enabled to tunnel, under the in-
another electron from the valence to conduction band by
fluence of an electric field, through the forbidden region 30 a collision, a cumulative liberation of electrons will take
in the junction.
place (very similar to the processes in a gas discharge)
An object of the present invention is to provide a novel
and the insulator will suffer "avalanche breakdown."
In
and useful solid-state electron device.
typical insulators, this process occurs at an electric field
Yet another object of the present invention is the provi-
of approximately one million volts per centimeter.
How-
sion of a novel and convenient method means for manu-
35 ever, if the insulator is made thin compared with a mean-
facturing a solid-state electron device which employs the
free path, such an avalanche is no longer possible and the
tunnel effect phenomenon.
results of tunneling may begin to be observed.
The direct
Still another object of the present invention is the pro-
tunneling of electrons from valence to conduction bands
vision of a simple convenient solid-state electron device
is described in "Modern Physics" by Robert L. Sproul,
which employs the tunnel effect phenomenon.
40 published by John Wiley and Sons, Inc., 1956, page 350,
These and other objects
of
the invention may be
and credited to Zener. However, as will be shown, the
achieved by making a solid-state electron device in the
mechanism of surface tunneling in general happens at a
form of a diode, for example, employing two layers of a
considerably lower electric field.
conductive metal material separated by
Referring now to FIGURE 1, there is shown an energy
insulating material. The thicknes of the insulating mate-
45 level diagram for two materials in contact with another.
rial layer should be less than the mean-free path of an
One of these is an insulator which is defined as a material
electron.
Preferably, although not necessarily, lattice
with a completely filled valence band 10, a large forbidden
structure of the insulating material should reasonably
band 12 and a Fermi level 14 which is between the va-
match the lattice structure of the conductive metal to
lence band 10 and the conduction band 16 and not near
prevent the formation of traps at the interface.
The condition for thermal equilibrium at a junc-
an electric field is applied across the metal layers spaced
tion 20 is that the Fermi level of the two adjoining ma-
by the insulator current can flow by the mechanism of
terials lie at the same energy.
Idealized representation
tunneling. This structure may be employed with suitable
of such metal-insulator contact is shown in FIGURE 1.
When the insulator is made thin and placed between
modifications as a cathode or source of electrons. By 55 two metal plates and an electric field is applied, the
making one of the metal layers have a thickness on the
order of an electron mean-free path and applying another
energy level configuration which results is shown in FIG-
insulating layer followed by another metal layer a triode
URE 2. Under the conditions represented in FIGURE 2,
device can be produced.
electrons in the metal on the left which are near the
Fermi level may tunnel through the forbidden region in
The novel features that are characteristic of this inven- 60 the insulator into its conduction band and thus make their
tion are set forth with particularity in the appended claims.
way into the metal on the right.
The onset of the tun-
The invention itself both as to its organization and method
neling is very abrupt and extremely high current densities
of operation, as well as additional objects and advantages
may be reached.
In order to insure that the electrons
thereof will best be understood from the following descrip-
from the metal on the left may tunnel to the metal on the
tion when read in connection with the accompanying draw-
right without causing avalanche breakdown, the insulator
is given a thickness of the order of the mean-free path of
FIGURE 1 is an energy level diagram representing the
conditions for thermal equilibrium at a junction between
an electron or less.
In this way, the possibility of col-
lisions within the insulating layer is minimized.
тo more, in order to avoid the existence of traps or trapping
FIGURE 2 is an energy level diagram representing
Conditions arising in an embodiment of this invention.
centers at the interface between the insulator and metal it
is preferred that the lattice structure of the insulator

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1213, "chars": 7831, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
match as closely as possible the lattice structure of the
An insulating coating 38 is deposited or
formed on the metal coating 36.
FIGURE 3 shows a solid-state electron device which
40 is deposited on the insulating coating 38.
Connections
comprises a diode made in accordance with this invention.
are made from the metal coatings 36, 40 to terminals 42,
On a substrate 22 which may be glass, for example, a layer
These terminals are employed to apply an electric
of very pure conducting metal 24 such as aluminum is
field across the unit whereby a high current density elec-
evaporated from a heated tungsten rod support under high
tron source is provided.
As indicated previously, the
vacuum conditions. This evaporation continues until a
thickness of the insulating layer 38 and the conducting
coating has been deposited sufficient to cover up
metal layer 40 should be on the order of or less than the
microscopic imperfections of the underlying glass.
The 10 length of the mean-free path of an electron in these mate-
high vacuum is then removed and the aluminum is
The lattice structures of the metal and the insulat-
anodized to obtain a layer of aluminum oxide 26.
ing material also should preferably be made compatible in
anodization was made with a nonsolvent electrolite at 4.5
order to avoid trapping at these adjacent surfaces.
volts for 15 minutes.
According to information in a book
it, in addition to the source structure, another insulat-
by Holland, entitled,
"Vacuum Deposition of Thin
15 ing layer 18' and another conductive metal layer 19 is
Films," and published by Wiley in 1956, the aluminum
added, a triode structure is formed.
The same techniques
oxide layer thus formed is between 60 and 80 angstroms
as have been described for making the diode may be used
thick. The layers of aluminum and oxide are then placed
for depositing these coatings.
An energy level diagram
in a vacuum again and a spot of conductive metal 28 is
for such triode structure is shown in FIGURE 7. It will
evaporated onto the insulator through a mask to form a
be seen that this resembles the diagram shown in FIG-
This spot of metal 28 may be alu-
The energy level diagram representation illus-
More than one spot may be evaporated
trating the second insulator also contains a valence band
on the insulating layer, if it is desired, to form a number
10' a forbidden band 12' and a conduction band 16'.
of independent and separate units.
In order to apply an
The thickness of this insulating layer should be less than
electric field across the insulating layer, connections are 25 that which can cause space charge limitation of the elec-
made to the metal plates 24, 28 by suitable well known
techniques such as soldering or welding.
tron current emitted from the metal base and yet suffi-
These con-
ciently thick to allow the desired maximum voltage to be
nections are brought out to terminals 30, 32.
applied from the collector to the base.
The unit which has been described, upon the application
An electron from the emitter will cross the insulator
of voltage to the terminals 30, 32 acts as a diode and ex- 30 and then the metal base.
It then finds itself in the second
hibits tunnel current. FIGURE 4 is a curve illustrating
insulator conduction zone.
The electron can then be
the behavior of this diode. It will be seen that in the
drawn to the collector by the electric field which exists
region on either side of zero voltage substantially no cur-
rent flows through the diode.
The fabrication of the embodiment of the invention
mum voltage level, which in the embodiment of the in-
35 is shown in FIGURE 8. It includes a base 50 upon which
vention constructed was approximately 8 volts, is exceeded
there is deposited a coating of a conductive metal 52.
there is an onset of tunneling and current can flow through
top of this conductive metal coating, there is deposited
or formed a layer of insulation 54 having a thickness on
It will be noted that the characteristic of the diode
the order of the distance of the mean-free path of an elec-
made in accordance with this invention is similar to that 40 tron therein or less.
Also it is preferred that the lattice
of avalanche diodes commonly called Zener diodes.
structure of this insulator should reasonably match the
Thus the utility of this invention is the same as that of
lattice structure of the conductive metal 52.
Zener diodes except that this invention is capable of oper-
conductive metal layer 56 is deposited on the first in-
ating at much higher frequencies.
A second insulating layer 58 is de-
Besides the embodiment of the invention being used as 45 posited on the second conductive layer 56.
a diode with nonlinear characteristics the concepts de-
of the second insulating layer 58 should be as previously
scribed herein may be employed to construct a controlled
indicated, thick enough to allow the desired voltage ap
electron source. This source may be used as a cathode
plied thereacross from the second insulating layer yet not
structure in a conventional vacuum tube or microwave
so thick as to permit space charge limitation of the flow
or may be used as the emitter-base structure of a 50 of electrons which are received from the thin second con-
The reason that this statement can
ductive layer.
be made is that a metal-insulator interface, constructed
A third conductive metal layer 60 is deposited on the
in accordance with the teachings of this invention can be
second insulating layer.
The respective first, second and
used as the controlled source of electronic current of very
third conductive metal layers can be termed the emitter
55 and base and collector layers, employing the same ter-
Referring now to FIGURE 5, there may be seen an
minology as is employed in transistors.
These layers are
energy level diagram similar to that shown in FIGURE 2
connected to terminals respectively 62, 64, 66.
except that the righthand metal layer 18' is made very
plication of electrical potentials to the emitter, base, and
This thickness should preferably be
collector, to which these terminals are connected is iden-
much less than the length of an electron mean-free path
60 tical with the application of potentials to a transistor of
As previously described, the electrons tun-
By way of example, terminal 62 is con-
nel from the vicinity of the Fermi level of the metal 18
nected to a first terminal 70.
Terminal 64 is connected
called the emitter this time passing through the insulator
through a battery 72 to a second terminal 74. A resistor
forbidden band 12 into the conduction band 16. There-
76 is connected between the terminals 70 and 74 also.
after, the electrons can pass into the metal 18'.
65 The battery 72 is connected to bias the base 58 positive
metal region on the right is made thin compared with an
with respect to the emitter 52. Terminal 64 is connected
electron mean-free path, most of the electrons which
to a battery 78 which is connected to terminal 66 through
reach this region can continue through it, provided that
a resistor 80. Terminal 66 is also connected to another
they have sufficient energy to overcome the metallic work
third terminal 82. The battery 78 biases the base 56
function and will emerge on the righthand side to provide
70 negative with respect to the collector 60.
With these po.
a high current density electron source.
tentials being applied, terminals 70 and 74 can serve as
Referring now to FIGURE 6, an arrangement in ac-
signal input terminals and terminals 64 and 82 can serve
cordance with the concept described is shown.
as the signal output terminals.
prises a substrate 34 upon which a coating of a conductive
Except for a higher positive bias voltage needed on the
metal material 36 is deposited, in the manner previously 75 base to initiate tunneling, the embodiment of the inven-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1154, "chars": 7586, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,056,073
tion acts very similar to a transistor. However, because
current is carried by the majority rather than the minority
structed from these teachings and thus this inventive con-
cept should not be limited to merely a diode or triode.
carriers, the frequency response should be much higher.
The emitter-base junction is a very low impedance junc-
tion and also has a high capacitance, and therefore, the
sare techniques as those used for tunnel diodes will be
necessary to realize the inherent frequency
1. A solid-state electron device comprising: two con-
ductive metal material layers separated by an insulating
material layer, said insulating material layer having a
thickness of the order of, or less than, the mean-free path
As in the tunnel diode the high frequency
response is the result of the extremely high transconduct-
2. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 1
ance and current density capability of the device which 10
whereon one of the conductive metal material layers has
offsets the rather large input capacitance.
a thickness which is thin compared to the length of the
the collector must be kept sufficiently low so that ava-
mean-free path of an electron to permit electrons to pass
lanche breakdown will not occur in the second insulator
and further, no tunneling effect is achieved in the junc-
tion between the base and the third conductive coating 15
(collector) whereby electrons are obtained independently
3. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 1
wherein said conductive metal material layers are selected
from a group comprising aluminum, tantalum, gold and
of those being obtained from the emitter.
Iê should be noted that none of the qualitative charac-
teristics described for the embodiments of the invention
depend upon the fact that the materials described for con- 20
structing the embodiments of the invention are aluminum
4. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 1
wherein one of said conductive metal material layers
comprises a single crystal of metal, and said insulating
material layer comprises an oxide layer of the metal of
Any chemically compatible metals
and insulators may be used which can be fabricated into
5. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 1
The insulating film may be de-
wherein one of said conductive metal materials is made
posited anodically, by evaporation, or by other means. 25 of a metal susceptible to anodic oxidation and said in-
However, anodizing of pure aluminum is very convenient
sulating material layer is the oxide of said metal.
and a great deal of control of the oxide thickness may be
6. A solid-state electron device comprising two conduc-
Also, preferably, but not necessarily single
tive metal material layers separated by an insulating ma-
crystals of the metal may be employed with an insulating
terial layer and means to apply an electric potential to
layer deposited by a controlled oxidation process.
said conductive material layers, said insulating material
use of a single crystal of metal avoids the formation of
layer having a thickness of the order of, or less than, the
Thus any one or more of the
mean-free path of an electron, but great enough to pre-
conductive layers 24, 36, 52, 56 may be a single crystal.
vent tunneling of electrons through said insulating layer
The collector layers 28, 40, 60 need not be.
except in the presence of an electric field, said metal ma-
layers may be single crystal too, although this is not a
terial having a binding energy sufficient to prevent metal
The metals selected must have a suffi-
ions being torn loose before electron tunneling takes
ciently high binding energy that the metal ions will not
be torn from the metal surface by the electric fields be-
7. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 6
fore electron tunneling takes place.
wherein one of said conductive metal material layers
There has been accordingly described and shown herein 40
comprises a single crystal of metal, and said insulating
a novel, useful and simple solid-state electron device ca-
material layer comprises an oxide layer of the metal of
pable of multiple uses such as a source of electrons, a
diode having nonlinear characteristics, and a triode.
It will be appreciated that the embodiment of the in-
vention may take many different shapes other than those 45
The deposited layers may have a
curved periphery instead of square as shown.
8. A solid-state electron device comprising a layer of
aluminum, a layer of aluminum oxide on one surface
of said layer of aluminum, said aluminum oxide having
a thickness less than the mean-free path of an electron,
therein, and a second aluminum layer on said aluminum
ous layers may be deposited concentrically about a cen-
tral substrate. Relative areas of the layers may vary
9. A solid-state electron device comprising a first and
also possible to make more than one diode 50 second conductive metal layer separated by a first layer
using a single metal coating and insulating layer thereon
of insulating material, said insulating layer of material
where the remaining metal coating consists of a plurality
having a thickness less than the mean-free path of an
of isolated spots or islands of metal each of which pro-
electron, said second conductive metal layer having a
vides a separate diode.
Thus the drawings should be
thickness less than the mean-free path of an electron, a
understood as exemplary of the appearance of one form
second layer of insulating material on said second con-
of the invention indicating that it is a multilayer device
ductive layer surface opposite to that adjacent said first
but are not to be construed as a limitation on the inven-
layer of insulation material, said second insulating layer
tion. The width which can be given to the various layers
having a thickness less than that which will cause space
may only be limited to the width at which lateral current
charge limitation of the electrons emitted from said sec-
in the base region restricts current density to the edge of 60
ond conductive layer, and a third conductive metal layer
Thus limitation is essentially that found
on said second insulating material layer.
present in the manufacture of transistors also.
10. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 9
be further understood that the various conductive metal
wherein one of said conductive metal layers comprises
layers need not necessarily be the same metal. Any metal
a metal susceptible to anodic oxidation and the adjacent
layer of insulating material comprises the oxide of said
layers which are compatible may be employed. By com-
patible is meant will not react adversely with the insulat-
ing layers and has the properties previously specified
herein for the successive metal layers.
Furthermore, suc-
11. A solid-state electron device as recited in claim 9
wherein said conductive metal material layers are selected
from the group comprising aluminum, tantalum, gold and
cessive insulating layers need not be of the same insulat-
Finally, although only a diode and
12. A solid-state electron device having an emitter base
triode structure have been described, these teachings found
and collector electrode each respectively comprising a
herein are not to be limited thereto since those skilled in
conductive metal layer, said base conductive metal layer
the art will readily recognize that multiple layer struc-
having a thickness less than the mean-free path of an
tures forming tetrodes, pentodes, etc. may also be con- 75 electron, a first insulating layer spacing said emitter and

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 175, "chars": 1195, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3,056,073
7
base conductive metal layers said first insulating layer
having a thickness less than the mean-free path of an
electron, and a second insulating layer spacing said base
and collector conductive layers, said second insulating
layer being less than that which can cause space charge
limitation of electron current emitted from the base
electrode.
13. A solid-state electron device comprising a plurality
of alternate layers of conductive metal material and in-
sulating material, at least one of said insulating material 10
layers having a thickness on the order of the mean-free
path of an electron therein or less, at least one of said
metal material layers having a thickness on the order of
8
the mean-free path of an electron therein or less, means
for applying an operating potential to each conductive
layer of said solid-state electron device and means for
applying a control signal to one of said layers of said
conductive metal material for controlling the flow of
electron current through said electron device responsive
to said control signal.
References Cited in the file of this patent
UNITED STATES PATENTS
1,919,988
2,651,009
Rupp
Meyer
- July 25, 1933
• Sept. 1, 1953
