{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T00:04:29Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4446498, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125328-cejka-crystal-growth-and-segregation.pdf", "source_sha256": "c5acb1831e492ad1f0c5674c4bb8cb27e8bfb7064a18e65f1cc49e80d9444450"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 734, "chars": 5117, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1o04
J. Electrochem. Soc.: SOLID-STATE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
November 1928
seed at he Allanta, Georgia, Meeting of the Society,
by coating the insulating film mask with thin con-
ductive fim.
Acknowledgments
The authors are indebted to Mr. M. Yokozawa for
the execution of x-ray rocking curve check and Sirt
etching. Also the authors are grateful to Mr. I Sasaki
for many useful suggestions and discussions.
Manuscript submitted Nov, 22. 1977: revised manu-
surape received blay 1, 1978. This was Paper 354 pre-
Any discussion of this paper will appear in a Discus.
sion Section to be published in the June 1979 JOURMAI
All aiscussions tor the June 1979 Discussion Section
snould be submitted by Feb. 1, 1979
Publication costs of this article were assisted by the
Nippon Electric Company.
REFERENCE
S. T. Hsu, R. J. Whittier, and C. A. Mead, Solic
cate Sieerron., 13, 1055 (1970)
Crystal Growth and Segregation under
Zero Gravity: Ge
A, F. Witt," H. C. Gatos," M. Lichtensteiger," and C. J. Herman
Department of Materials Science and Engincering,
Massachusetts Institute of Technologu, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139
ABSTRACT
Crystal growth and segregation in spece were quantitatively investigaled
in a Bridgman-type contiguration.
It was establisned that the segregation
the growth interdaco
The existing rap between theory and experiment
in crystal growth and segregation is largely attributed
to gravity-induced convection effects which lead to
the establishment of boundary conditions significantly
different from those serving as the basis of the various
theorles (1-5). Thus, nelther Ideal mixing nor com-
plete diffusion control can be achieved in growth from
the melt. Moreover, stable boundary conditlons can-
not be maintained because of time-dependent varia-
tions of the convection flow (6).
Attempts to eliminate convection in melts through
the application of magnetic flelds (7, 8) and by use of
caplilary dimensions have sol been very successfui
(9). Consequently, It has not been possible to assess
the validity of the existing theoretical tramework, tie.
lo determine the relationship between the equilibrium
distribution coefflcient and the interface distribution
coefficient, the orientation dependence of the distribu-
tion coefficient, the origin of the radial segregation
effect, and otber segregation anomalies (10-12).
The presently reported crystal growth experiment
was conducted during the Apollo-Soyuz mission as 2
part of NASA's program to determine the potential of
zero-gravity conditions for basic research and applica-
tions in raterials processing. It was designed to estab-
lish on a quantitative basis the crystal growth and
segregotion behavior encountered in a zero-gravity
environment, to provide a further insight into the un-
expected behavior of confined melts observed in the
growth of InSh during the Skylab mission (13), and to
assess the magnitude and effects of surface tension
driven convection.
Experimental Procedure
To achieve the experimental objectives, Ga-doped
germanlum crystals grown on carth were partially re-
• Elcetrochomical Society Active Member.
1 The anual value of gravity was of the order of 10-C, For con-
Yenience Chia value of G Is referred to in this papor as zero.
inelted in a confined configuration and regrown in
space while current pulses were applied to achieve
interface demarcation (11).
Sample prepararlon.—The germanium crystals used
for the experiment wore pulled in the <lil> direction
by the Crochralski method rom 225g melts doped
With gallium to achieve an average dopant concentra•
Hon of about 1013/cma in the solid. The crystals were
centertess ground to a dismeter ef 1.040 cm ani
to a length of 9.5 cm. Their diameter was reduced o
0.843 cm oyer a length of 2 cm from each end to per-
mit the attachment of graphite cups which served as
current contacts for interface demarcation. The crys-
tals were subsequently etched in CP-1 (5 parts cone
HNO, + 3HF + 3CH COO) and encapsulated Into
centerless ground quartz ampuls 12.7 cm long with 1,0
cm ID and 1.5 cm OD. Prior to assembly, each ampul
was ciched in IIF, rinsed successively with distilled
water, methanol, and acetone, and dried. The graphite
cups were machined to make good electrical contect
with the germanium crystals and were fired at 1600°C
in a vacuum of 10-1 Torr (1.3 x 10-1 Pa) prior to at-
tachment. A schematic diagrant of the ampul is shown
in Fig. 1. The ampuls were sealed in stainless steel
cartridges with an argon atmospere of 40 Torr {at
room temperature).
Melting and reprowth procedurc.The flight ex-
periments (as well as ground-based tests) were car-
ried out in a
"multipurpose" grudient furnace de-
signed orginally for the Skylab mission (13). It was
modified with a system of lataral heat shicids to per-
mit operation at higher temperatures with controlled
heat flow along the crystal from the heat loveler re-
gion via the gradient region to the heat extrector
Plate (see Fig. I).
Portial remelting of the Go crystals in space was
accomplished by raising the temperature of the hea!
leveler region over a period of 3.5 hr to 1120°C while

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 718, "chars": 5031, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vol. 125, No, 11
Heat Lavaiar
Raçion
(Coppes)
Clyale:
Aim Corteni
La04
Mol-ard
Contguralion
Scal
i cm.
Fig. I, Schomatic representation of growth system ond ampul
design parmitting interfoce demarcation thraugh current pulsing.
maintaining the heat extractor region close lo roons
temperature. In this thormal configuration a tem-
perature gradient of about 50°C/cm was esteblished
in the gradient regions (Fig. 1), designed to Jocate
the solid-melt Interface at about 3.7 cm from the cold
end of the crystal. To achieve thermal equilibration
and to eliminate compositional inhomogeneities in the
melt the temperature in the hea leveler region was
maintäined constant for a period of 2 hr. Regrowth
was inititated by programmed reduction of the fur-
nace power input to the heat leveler regian (cooling
rate 2.4'C/min), which was expected to result In a
growth rate of about 5 um/sec during the carly stages
of resolidification end in an increase of the
rate to 10 um/sec during the late stages of solidifica-
Throughout thermal equilibration and controlied
cool-down, current pulses of 55 msec duration and an
amplitude of 15.5A were transmitted through the
growth systems at a repetition rate of D.25 Hz in order
lo achieve periodie demarcation of the crystal-melt
interface. Following the controlled cool-down cyclo
(1.4 hr), the power was turned off (passive cool-
down) and after 2 hr the system was subjected to
forced cool-down by He injection.
A series of ground-based control experiments werg
carried out in an identical furnace to permit compari-
son of growth and segregation behavior in space anci
on earth. These experiments were performed in the
same programmed mode as the flight experiments
with the furnace positioned vertically (heat leveler
up) in order to establish stabilizing vertical thermal
gradienis (growth took place in the upward direction).
The thermal history of the growth system in space,
›btained from temperature measurements in the heal
leveler region and at the cold heat extractor plate, is
shown in Fig 2
Analytical procedure-The crystals grown were
subjected to growth and segregation analyses based on
procedures described elsewhere (11). For bulk anal-
ysis the regrown Crystals were cut along the growil
direction to obtain 0.2 cm thick slices, containing thu
growth axis. To permit single point spreading re-
sistance analyses large area ohmic contacts (evapo-
rated and micro-alloyed silver layers) were made or
the back sides of the crystal segments and were pres-
sure-bonded with conductive silver paint to brass
-disks. All mounted specimens were ground with 10 gm
article size abrasive, mechanically polished with
Linde A alumina, and chemically polished with a
modified Syton HT-30 solution (200 ml Syton, 200 ml
H,O, 5 ml HaDy, and 2 ml CH,COOH). After rinsing,
the samples were etched by immersion for 8 sec in a
solution of equal part of HE, H,O, and CHICOOF,
For quantitative segregation analysis, spreading re-
sislance mcasurements were carried out first and sub-
sequently the corresponding growih tales determined
CRYSTAL GROWTH AND SEGREGATION
Meat Extreclion
Regien
T
(C°)
1200-
1000
800-
600-
400
200
HEATING
EQUILIBRATION
1B33
dredient
Region
(Hear Snields)
Moly Ine
Orderine Cus
CONTROLLED COOLING
FORCED COOLING
PASSIVE
COOLING
- 0-
4
6
12
Time (hours)
Fig. 2 Thermal cycies of growth experiment; • temperature in
heat lereler region; O remporature ot heat extraction plete,
from demarcation spacings by interference contrast
microscopy. The reproducibility of spreading resist»
ance measurements un stabilized surfaces was better
than 2%. Aiter correcting for, resistances in the ex-
ternal circuitry the raw spreading resistance data were
reduced to normalized resistance using a quadratic
progression fit. These data were converted into resis-
tivity using an experimentally deermined probe
calibration factor bused on measurements with sam-
ples of well-definad electrical properties. The resis-
tivity data in turn warn reducad to carlor cancontra-
tion by fitting to a computer gencrated expression for
(N^-Np) us. 2 employing a spline cubic interpolating
polynomial derived from the literature (14) and from
Hall-effect data.
Exporimental Results and Discussion
Surface characterization,-Each crystal regrown in
space was readily removed trom its quartz container
(Fig. 3) suggesting that the surface morphology of
the grown crystal did not conform to that of the con-
tainer which exhibited microscopic irregularities. Lack
of conformity of the regrown crystal with the con-
Aning quartz surface was confrmed by interference
contrast microscopy. The surface of the crystal grown
in space exhibited a random actwork of ridges (Flg.
4) ranging in height from about 1 to 5 um. These
ridges, which reduced the actual contact area between
the cryalal and the confining wall to a traction of 15p,
appear similar in nature to those observed on InSb
7
8
9130
10 11/12
Fig. J. Germanium crystal with <111> orlantation, grown in
space, altar removal from quartz ampul.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 572, "chars": 3998, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1834
I. Electrachem, Joc.: SOLID-STATE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGX
November 1928
Fig. t. Ridge patterna on tha surface of the <111≥ garmonium,
grown in space.
crystals grown on Skylab (13). In view of the fact
taat liquid Ge expands by more than 9%
cation it is concluded that under zero gravity condi-
tions the germanium melt docs not establish a wetting
contact with the confining quartz ampuls and that
the ridges observed on the regrown crystals reflect
the morphological characteristics of the melt surface
in the vicinity of the regrowth interface. In this re-
spect the behavior of the germanium melt in space is
lundamentally different from that encountered
ground-based experiments where wetting contact with
the confining wall takes piace and consequently the
solidified material in all instances can be
only by dissolving the quartz ampuls in hydrofuoric
plained, could be of fundamental importance for ma-
terials processing in spacc, since it suggests that liquid
eystems may be placed in partial or complete confine-
ment without signifcant contact with the confining
material.
A comparison of the morphological characteristics
of Ge crystals regrown on earth and in space reveals
additional pronounced differences.
crystals obtained from ground-based experiments in-
variably exhibit complete loss of single crystalinity
after a growth length of about 2 cm. In controst, single
crystallinity Is preserved in the peripheral region of
space-grown material to the very last stages of growth
in spite of Internal matrix breakdown due to consti-
tutional supercooling effects which was expecied under
the prevailing growth conditiors (12) (Fig. 5).
Visual
Inspection of the space-grown
showed abrupt, peripherally asymmetric changes in
surface morphology after about 1.5 cm of growth. The
location of these morphological irregularities corre-
sponded to the transition from the thermal gradlent
region to the heat leveler region within the multi-
purpose furnace. Bulk crystal analysis suggests that
these morphological irregularities result from changey
in the heat transfer characteristics of the growth sys-
tem (sce below),
Bulk characterization.—Etching analysis,—High
resolution etching techniques were refned during
ground-based testing to permit, through interferencu
contrast microscopy, the detection of microscopie com-
101/cm*.
The basic difference between microsegregation in the
segment of the ingot grown on earth and that grown
in space is apparent from the dark-feld photomicro-
graph in Fig. 6; thus, compositional fluctuations which
characterize the original seed porlion grown on earth
Fig. 5. Etched cross section of the lost partion of the <l11>
germonium crystal regrown in spare. Mate preservation of peri.,
pheral single crystallinity in spite of internal breakdown and phara
segragation,
Fig. 6. Etchod cross soction (under cork-field Illumination) of
crystal grawn in ipoco; space-grown segment (bottom), in contrast
to earth-grown segment (tap), oxhibits no compositional inhomo.
gencities.
(lop portlon) are absent in the crystal segment re-
grown in space (bottom portion). The pronounced de-
marcation of the original regrowth interface is due to
the abrupt decrease In dopant incorporation associ-
ated with the initial stuges of regrowth.
Details of the microsegregation behavior in the
initlal regrowth region wele observed by Interference
contrast microscopy and are shown in Fig i. Three
regions can be identified: a segment of the original
seed (top of photomicrograph), a narrow growth
band of about 850 am in length with compositional
Auctuations (middle), and the regrowth region ex-
hibiting microscopic compositional homogencity in
which current-Induced interface demarcation lines con
be readily seen (bottom). The onset of controlled re-
growin is clearly evident at the upper part of the bot-
tom region where Interface demarcations appear with
gradually increasing spacing, Accordingly, the uncon-
trolled growih of the narrow band (middle) must

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 732, "chars": 4938, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vol. 125, Ma, 12
CRYSTAL GROWTH AND SEGREGATION
1835
Fig. 7. Segment of Ge crystal partially regrown in spaces nate
saad segment (top) and segment at controlled icgrowth (bottom)
seperated by a region of uncontrolled growth and segregation.
have preceded the onset of controlled cool-down and,
thus,
took place during the thermal equilibration
period. Similar narrow growth regions of apparently
uncontrolled growth, runging in length from 200 to
1000 um, were observed also in all ground-based ex-
periments conducted in the multipurpose furnace.
The cause of the uncontrolled growth becomes ap-
parent on examination of the thermal bistory of the
grawih systam shown in Fig. 2 It ia aeen that tha
temperature in the heat leveler region remained con-
stant at 1120°C during thermal equilbrotion (2 hi)
but that the temperature at the heat extraction plate
increased slightly during the first bour and decreased
by about 20°C during the second hour, This gradient
increase associated with the temperature decreaxe of
the hoat extraction plate brought about a relocation
of the growth interface toward the hot zone. Thus,
the observed uncontrolled growth resulted from the
thermal drift of the system during the cquilibration
• period.
Etching analysis of the crystals regrown in space
- revealed that the bulk of the controlled-growth seg-
menis are free of microscopic compositional Ructua-
tions for a length exceeding 3.0 cm. The only identi-
fable compositlonal changes were associated with
peripheral (111) faceting of the growth interface
which was found to extend about 0.5 mm into the bulk
" (Fig. 8) over the entire length of the crystal segment.
Actually, these inhomogeneities within the peripheral
facet region were identified as off-facet growth pone-
trations into the facet regions and are due to differ-
r ences between the on-facet and off-facet distribution
• coefficient. As such they are not conventional impurity
striations which are caused by varlations of the
growth cate and/or of the boundary layer thickness.
In the crystals regrown during ground-based testing.
peripheral (111) faceting could be observed only in a
few instances and at isolated locations, although the
morphology of the growth interface was the samo as in
the space-grown crystals, Since peripheral facoting is
commonly observed in nonconfined growth configura-
tions (as in Crochralski growth) the present observa-
lon of pronounced peripheral (III) laceting in the
space-grown material may be considered as indicative
of virtually unconfined solidificatlon conditions.
Fig. 8. Peripheral (1111-focet in tha space-grown Ge crystal
Compositional Inhomogencities of significant magn!-
tude were obscrved in all space-grown crystals in por-
tians formed during the late stages of growth, in
which the crystal-melt interface approached and en-
tered the graphite cup (Fig. I). There the composi-
tional inhomogeneities could in all instances be re-
lated, through the individual intertace demarcation
lines, to morphological changes of the interface caused
by pronounced changes in thermal conditions. Such
changey were brought about by Me differenco in thn
thermal conductivities of the confning materials (in
going from quartz to graphite). The observed mor-
phological changes resulted in interface Instabilities
followed by Interface breakdown. Although no de-
tailed analysis of the Interface instabilities has been
carried out, it is seen in Fig. B that ther morphological
characteristics conform much more to theoretical pre-
dictions than those observed in crystals. grown on
carth (12).
Quantitative analysis of crustal growth behavíor._
The tollowing analysis is based on data obtained
from demarcation lines of the crystal-melt interface
introduced et intervals of 4 sec during growth The
accuracy of the growth rate data (about =0.1 am/sec)
ia determined by the precision with which the spac-
ings of consecutive demarcation lines could be deler-
mined by interference contrast microscopy.
The microscopic rate of growth along the growth
axis for the first 2 cm of solidification in space, brought
about by a constant cooling rate of 24 C/min in the
heat leveler regions, is presented in Fig. 10, It is seen
that the growth rate is transient at all times. increasing
rapidly from zero lo 8 um/sec over the first 10 min and
gradually approaching the value of 10 km/see during
the ensuing growth period. No fluctuations in the
growth rate are observed in any partion of the growth
region (the scatter of the measurement points falls
within the experimenlal error limits).
From growin experiments carried out in the same
growth apparatus under stabilizing vertical thermal
gradients on earth it was tound that the microscopic
growth behavior on
earth is, within experimental
error, the same as that observed in space. Thus, while
unavoldable laminar convection in the melt on earth
interferes with the segreration process (gee bolow). it

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 684, "chars": 4496, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
185D
Electrochem. Soc.: SOLID-STATE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
November 1978
distance grown is measured from a normal to the
growth axis arbitrarily positioned In the uncontrolled-
growth region. Thus, the plots refect the asymmetry
of the interface about the growth axis and show that
the microscopic growth behavior of the two peripheral
regions was different during the initial and during the
late stages of growth.
The effect of the differences in the peripheral rates
of growth on the morphology of the growth intertace
is seen in Fig. 12 where the difference of growth
length (Ar = Mett - Trian) Is piotled as a function of
time of growth. Since the growth length (=) is mea-
sured from a normal lo the growth axis, as indicated
abave, the i values reflect the deviation of the inter-
face from a pianar morphology. It is seen that origi-
nally the left-hand side of the interface was more ad-
vanced (Into the melt) than the right-hand side. This
asymmetry was reduced signincantly during the first
50D sec of growth as a result of a larger growth rate
at the right-hand side of the interface. The interface
morphology remained virtuaily unchanged during the
ensuing growth perlod of about 1300 sec but after 1900
sec of clapsed time a retardation of the growth rate on
the right-hand side (Fig. I1) led lo a significant
change of the interface morphology.
The characterization of the dynamics of the inter+
face morphology was pursued further by ascertaining
the interface shape through the delermination of the
coordinates of up to 10 points lying on individual in-
Fig. 9, Advanced stage of intortace instabllity in germanium
crystols grown ta) on carth; (b) in space.
lertace demarcation lines at varying distances from
the original regrowth interface (Fig. 13), It is seen
that the original melt-back interface is indeed asym-
metric and that the uncontrolled, growth during the
Growth Rate (um/sec)
10
equilibration perlod did not resuit in any noticeable
changes in the morphology of the solid-mel: inter-
faca. With the onset of controiled cool-down the inter-
face morphology underwent rapid chonges as evi-
denced by the shape of the demarcation lines 2 and 3
positioned 0.2 and 5 mm below the regrowih inter-
face, respectively, At the 5 mm position the interface
was concave (viewed from the melt) and nearly sym-
metrie; it remained essentially unchanged for a total
growth length of 15 mm (demarcation line 5). With
continued growth (1900-330D sec) a progressively 1-
Lengih of Crystal Grown (mm)
Fig. 10. Microscopic growth rate profiles alang the middle of
germonium crystals grown in multipurpose furnace. Profiles for
growth in spoce and on carth ora thé sama.
creasing change of the interiace morphology occurred
(demarcation lines 6 and 7) as a result of a decrease
of the growth rate on the right-hand side peripheral
region of the crystal (see Elg. 11 and 12). During this
change the interface apex shifted from the center
of the crystal to the periphery.
has no significant effect on the microscopic crysta!
Since the growth Interface was fourd to be non-
Plenar and since its morphology changed with con-
tnuing growth (see below), It was considered neces-
sary to determine 2so the microscopic growth rates
on the peripheral regions of the longitudinal crystal
segment (0.5 mm from the left-hand side and rigat-
hand side edges). The growth rates at the left- and
right-hand sides
of the longitudinal gegment are
plotted as a function of distance grown in Fig. 11;
The above behavior of the crystal-melt interlace
can be directly related to the thermal environment of
the growth system. Thus, it was observed that the seed
crystal was not concentrically located within the
quuriz ampul. Consequently the initial Interface was
asymmetric and on regrowth the crystal diameter in-
creased asyrametrically, i.e,, by D.b mm at the right-
hand side and 0.05 mm at the left-hand side. The es-
tablishment of the stable and nearly symmetric con-
cave interface (with a radius of curvature of 5.8 cm)
coincides with the growth of the crystal at constant
diameler, The growth perturbation which commences
at a distance of about 15 mm from regrowth intertace
Growth Rate (um/sec)
8-
400-
(am)
300-
4x
200
10D
0
Lengih al Crysta: Growth Imm)
Fig. 11. Microscopic rate profiles along the periphery of germa:
nium crystal grown in spoce.
0.5
10
15
2.0
2.5
10
Growilh Time (sec x 10)
Fig. 12 Difference (sx) In the paripheral rora of growth. on d
quaction of growth time (sec text).

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 776, "chars": 5463, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vol. 125, No. 12
0.35
Distance from regrowih interface (mm)
0
.4
5
15
25
SREBERER RRRE
2
*2 4
6
Distance from Crystal Axis (mm)
Fig. 13. Crystal-melt Interface morpholagy determined by inter-
face demarcation, yarious distances from regrowth interface de-
ere reterenced in the text.
coincides with the advancement of the interface from
the gradient heating region to the heat leveler region
(see Fig. 1) and reflects the' changes in the radial
thermal confguration within the multipurpose fur-
nace. It is of interest to note that tho changes of tho
interface morphologs associated with the changing
Chermal environment are lese pronounced in the
ground-basud growth exporiments.
On the basis of tho presunt growth analyais it is
evident that within the gradient-heated region, crys-
tal growth in space proceeded with a stable interface
configuration. All observed growth perturbations aro
accounied for by deiciencies in
the thermal char-
acteristics of the growth apparatus.
Quantitative segregation analyses.—Belore proceeding
with the segregation analysis, the redistribution of Ga
in the meit during the 2 hr period of thermal equili-
bration preceding controlled growth is considered.
Taking the average temperature ot the melt as 103D'C
and the dittusion coefficient of Ga as 2 X 10-1 cm*/sec,
the minimum diffusion distance (V/Dt) of Ga is sp-
proximatcly 1.2 cm in the absence of convection. Ac-
cordingly all compositional inhomogeneities in the
melt tesulting from rotational striations and radial
segregation effects in tho original carth-grown crys-
tal were eliminated prior to resolidification.
The average concentration of Ga in the earth-grown
crystal increasad linearly by +5.2 F/cm from the cold
seed, where the Ga concentratlon was 1.3 x 1010/cmª.
to the hot end where the concentration was 1,88 X
1010/cm as determined from Hall-effect measure-
menis). From these data the equilibrium Ge con-
centration in the melt (complete homogenization),
with the seed-melt interface located 3.9 cm from the
cald end of the crystal, was calculated to be 1.78 X
101D/cm". While uncertainties in the published dittu-
sion coeffclent values of Ga in Ge melts (15) do not
permit precise calculations, approximations indicate
thal complete homogenization was approached during
the equitibration period. This conclusion is consistent
with the foct that in ground-based regrowth experi-
ments, involying crystals of the same macrosegregation
proflle as those used in ápaco, the composition or the
CRYSTAL GROWTH AND SEGREGATION
1837
Carier Concentration (cm ")
id"
10*
•- - LEIT
*.-•WIDGLE
Space
Eartn
Length af Crystal Grown (mm)
Fig. 14. Langlrudinal corrier concentration (dopant) prafiles in
crystals grawn an carth and in spoce.
initial portlons resolldified were found lo have lbe
same Cra concentration as the initial portions resolidi-
fed In space (see Fig. 14). In the ground-buscd ex-
periments compositional homogenization of the molt
during the 2 hr thermal equilibration must be con-
sidered as having been complete because of the pres-
ence of laminar convection which was contrmed by
segregution snalyses.
The macroscopic sogregation behavior is discussed
below. Microscopie segregation effecțs observed on
earth and in space are presented in the Apperdix.
The segregation analyses of the crystals grown on
earlh and in space are based on longitudinal end ra-
dial composition profles obtained with 10 um spatial
resolution by spreading resistance stans of longitudi-
nai crystal slices which contained the growth axis.
The corresponding growih rate data were obtnined
as discussed above.
• For a direct comparison of dopant redistribution
associated with growtn on carth and in space, corre-
sponding longitudinal composition profles are pre-
sented in Fig. 14; the microscopic growth ratcs were
presented in fig. 10. Singe both growin experiments
were carrled out under Identical thermal and geo-
metrical conditions, the observed differances in com-
posinion reflect directly the ciect of gravity-driven
convection on segregation. It is seen that for growth
on earth the longitudinal Increase of the dopant con-
centration is small and remains essentially constant
alter a short initial period during which transient
segregation behavior is observed. These composition
proflles also indicate radially asymmewic segregation
which develops during the initial growth and remains
virtually unchanged. In contrast, in space, the longi-
tudinal dopant concentration increases rapidly with
transient segregation over the entire growth lengtr:
radial segregation develops less rapidly than on carta
out increases with continuing growih and exhibits
pronounced varialions.
Segregation or earth,—All features ot the composition
profles obtained from thc grouni-based growth ex-
periment are consistent with convection-controlled
segregation, which is amenable to quantitativo anal-
ysis on the basis of the normal freezing equation (3)
C = In Kote + (kere - 1) in (1- 1)
where C, is the dopant concentration in the solid for
a given fraction ý solidified, CL is the dopant concen-
cration in the melt, and kofr is the effective distribution
cocfficient.
In view of the radially nonuniform dopant dis-
were determined at 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, and 2.0 cm from the
origina) regrowth interface to obtain the average Ga
concentration values (C,) for four different fractions
(f) oi melt solidifled. The plot of In C,/CL ua. In
(1-f in E 1 we !| omle wịł łoe or.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 963, "chars": 6668, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1838
J. Electrochem. Sac. SOLID-STATE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
November 1978
form dopant incorporation since the diffusion dopant
flux into the melt exhibits lateral components which
-18
lead to radial composilional variacions at the curved
growth interface. Accordingly, for a concave (into the
crystal) interface the dopant concentration must be
015-20-
higher in the central than in the peripheral part of the
crystal. On this basis, the radial segregation shown in
Fig. 14 is consistent with the morphological chat-
-22
acteristics of the growth interface shown in Fig. 13.
Thus, at the onset of controlled regrowth (demarca-
tion 1 in Fig. 13), in the absence of a solute boundary
-2.4
layer, radlal segregation must be expected to be unt-
-01
-02 -03 -04 - 0.5
form. With continuing growth the interface becomes
-0.6
slanted to the left-hand side (demarcation 2) and the
In (1-f)
associated lateral diffusion flux to the right causes the
dopunt concentration to become somewhat smaller In
Fig. 15. Segregation analyais for crystal grown on earth
the left-hand side of the crystal than in the center and
in the right-hand side. After about 20 mm of growth
(e.g., demarcation lines 6 and 7) the pronounced shilt
mal freezing equation and thus establishes the exist-
of the interface apex to the right causes the concentra-
ence of convection-controlled segregation with a con-
tion in the right-hand side regions to become even
stant erecilve districution coemcient (kuit = 0.090)
higher than that of the central region At the samo
over the entire growth distance. Thus, on earth even
time the concentration in the central region begins to
under stabilizing vertical thermal gradienis unavoid-
decrease but continues to remain higher than that on
able radial thermal gracients constilute a driving zorce
the left-hand side region.
for the establishment of conveclion in the melt. The
It should be noted that the radial segregation be-
fact that the elective disirioudon coeticient remained
havior ior growih on earth appears also consistent
constant indicates that the convective melt flow was
with interface morphology effects. Thus, the concave
virtually unchanged while the aspect ratio of the melt
crystal-mell Interface was found to be asymmetric
(height/diameter) changed from about 5 to 2.5,
with its apex shilted to the right-hand side of the
While inadequate knowledge of the radial thermal
crystal axis and the dopant concentration was found
gradients does not permit a quantitative analysis of
1o be higher in the righi-hand side peripheral region.
the prevailing laminar convection, it is of interest to
The less pronounced and nearly constant radial segre-
compare the effects of this laminar free convection
gation ellect reflects decreased sensitivity of the inter-
on segregation with those of forced convection such
¡ace morpnology to thermal perturbations due to the
as encouncered during Crochralski-type growth. Ac-
presence of laminar convection which in turn is also
cording to the BPS model (1) an erective distribution
responsible ior the establishment of a decreased and
coellicient of 0.099 associated with an average solidits:
constant boundary layer thickness.
cation rate ol 8 um/sec requires a solute boundajy
In view of the tact that no theoretical treatment of
layer thickness of 300 am Using the Cochron analysis
(15) for forced convection associated with crystal
segregation at curved interfaces has as yet been de-
veloped, it is not possible to analyze the observed
ratation it is tound that the mixing effect due to the
radial segregation ellect on a quantiative basis. How-
laminar free convection in the graund-based experi-
ever, considering the origin of radial dopan: concen-
ments is equivalent la
convection resulting
tration aradients it appeare Appropriato to analyza
Irom a seed rotation of 10 pm.
the macrosegregation behavior by averaging the radial
Segregation in space,—A comparison of the composi-
compositions and applying the theory for diffusion-
tion profiles of the space-grown crystal (Fig. 14) with
controlled segregation as developed for plane front
the corresponding growth rate prorile (Fig. 11) shows
solidinication (8). It is recognized thut any such two-
that for 'the growth length in excess of 8 mm neither
dimensional analysis of a three-dimensional cylindri-
the radial nor the longitudinal segregation were di-
cal system is inherently limited; however, the polen-
rectly controlled by the microscopic race of growth.
tal error assoclated with the asymmetry of the growth
Thus, with a steadily increasing growth rate which
interface is not considered major.
was essentially the same on the left- and right-hand
The averaged longitudinal composition profle of a
side, the dopant concentration in the crystal decreased
space-grown crystal Is presented together with that
on the left-hand side from & X 1015/cm to 8,5 x
of an carth-grown crystal in Fig. 16. Here again the
1014/cm* while ar the same time it increased on the
initial increase of the dopant concentration as well as
right-hand side to 1,0 x 101/cma, The observed segre-
its gradual approach to a stendy-state value during
gation pattern is, furthermore, at variance with melt
growth in space are indleative of the absence of con-
convoction clicets. Thus, when the equilibrium dis-
vertive Intorference. When corsidering the various
tribution coetticient is less than one (as in the present
theoretical approaches to diffusion-controlled segrega-
case) convective interference resulls invariably in a
tion (3, 17-20), it was found that for the present ex-
decrease of dopant accumulation within the diffusion
perimental conditions the treatment by Tiller et ai.
boundary layer and, consequently, the value of the
effective distribution coetticient will exceed by a small
amount the value of ko but will remaln signifcantiy
less than one as observed during growth on earth.
Therefore, the observed dopant concentration increase
to 1.9 × 1010/cm', which corresponds to an effective
distribution ccefcient in excess of one, 1 in direct
contradietion with convection effects.
The segregation behavior, while inconsistant with
growth rate and convective effects, cun be explained if
the morphological characteristics
of the crystal-melt
interface are taken into
consideration. Thus, Ior
Carrier Concentration (cm?)
ю'
Space
Earth
To
15°
growth with diffusion-controlled segregation any do-
Lengih of Crysial Grown (mm)
viation of the crystal-melt interface trom a planar
Fig. 16. Averoged longitudinal cartler concentration (docent)
configuration is expected to result in radially nonuni-
profiles on ceystals grown an corth and in spoce.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 985, "chars": 6995, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'Vol. 125, No. 11
CRYSTAL GROWTH AND SEGREGATION
(3) can mast conveniently be applied, although one of
the assumed boundary conditions, he., constant rate of
growth, is not met in the present system (Fig. 10).
Actually, inilial growth rate transients are virtually
unavoidable in directional solidification because of
heat transfer considerations. To make the theory ap-
plicable. a numerical approach based on an implicit
Anite difference equation (21) has been used to ac-
count for the growth rale tranalent. These calculations
ylcided a compositionel profile which was significantly
different during the initial transient region from that
obtained assuming a constant growth rate, bu: it was
in good agreement for growth distances in excess of
According to theory (3), the dopart concentration
(C,) at a distance z (presently valid for = > l ein
only) from the original regrowth interface is given
by the expression
C.= CL
The applicability of the above expression to the pres-
ent scgregation data was tested over the growth dis-
tance of 1-2 cm by taking the average growth rate,
R= 8.5 um/sec and CL = 17a X 10-+ cm-3, ko =
0.0B7, and the generally accepted (15) yalue of D =
1.9 X 10"' cm? sec-l, The experimental and theoreti-
cal values of Cu for 2 = 1.0, 1.5, and 2 cm, are pre-
sented in Table I (in the second and third column, re-
spectively). It is seen that the agreement between
theory and experiment for growth distance beyond 1
cm Is remarkably good.
It shoald be noted that the theoretical C, values (for
D = 1.9 X 10-* cm*/sec) aza consistently smaller
than the corresponding experimental values, which
impiles that the incrcase in dopant concentration in
Ge during growth in space is faster than predicted
for diffusion-controlled segregation. If the present
analytical approach is quantitatively correct, then a
more acdurato value for the diffusion coefficient of Ga
In Ge melte is 1.7 * 10- cm/sec as seen in Tablo I
(third column). While this conclusion may be of ques-
tonable validity in view of the diffurence in assumed
and actual boundary conditions, it is apparent that
with the appropriate theory for diffusion-controlled
segregation, directional solidification experiments in
space provide a means for the determination of pre-
cise diffusion coefficients which are presently unavail-
It is recognized that the above quantitative segrega-
tion analysis is based on assumptions which require
further theoretical and experimental study. However,
the self-consistency of all aspects of dopant distribu-
tion in the space-grown crystal with diffusion-con-
tralled segregation confirms the absence of any con-
vective interference with the segregation process.
Summary
The crystal growth and segregation behavior in
space were quantltatively studied by growth of Ga-
doped Ge single crystals. The growth experiments in
space were complemented by experiments on earth
(carried out in the same system under stabilizing ver-
tical thermal gradients) to permit a comparative ana-
Lysis of gravitational effects.
Crystols grown in space exhibited a network of aur.
face ridges which reduced the contact area with the •
Table li
• theor
ID = 1.9 x
•• Isheer
(D
= 1,7 %
10% cm:/s0c)
1.0
100
2.0
LI x 103*
6.B × 101*
1.7 × 1024
LD X 1018
1839
confining quartz ampul to less than 1%. A coherent
peripheral (111) growth facet, cheracteristie of un-
confined growth, persisted over the entire growth
It was established that, In space, diffusion-controlled
segregation prevailed with no convective intericrence
from residual gravity, G-jitter, or surface tension
gradients. Radial variations In dopart concentration
were found to be a direct consequence of the non-
planar morphology of the growth interface which
causes diffusion-driven dopant redistribution within
the diffusion boundary layer.
Through interface demarcation thermal drift during
equilibration of the system and deviations of the
growth interface from plana: morphulogy were identi-
fed; they were found to be a direct consequence of
deficiencies in the thermal characteristics of the
growth apparatus and demonstrate the extreme sensi-
tivity of solidification to the thermal environment
under diffusion-controlled conditions.
The present study shows that the reduced gravity
environment provided in space permits the establish-
ment of solidification conditions under which basle ex-
perimental information can be obtained which is es-
sential io: advancing our understanding of crystal
growth and segregation. It is finally concluded that
compos:tionally
homogeneous materials can be
achieved in space.
Acknowledgments
The authors wish to express their appreciation to
the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
and particularly to the Staff at the Marshall Space
Flight Center for their uncompromising efforts, co-
operation, and enthusiastic support during all stages
pf the experiment.
• Manuscript submitted March 20, 19ta; revised man-
script received May 22, 1978.
Any discussion of this paper will appear in a Discus-
sign Section to be published in the June 1070 JoURNAL.
All diacuaalons for the June 1078 Diseussion Section
should be submitted by Feb. 1, 197D.
Publication
costs of this article were assisted by
Massaciusetts Institute of Technoiagy:
APPENDIX
Microscopic Segregation Effecis
Sagregation associated with unconsrolled regrowth
during thermal equilibration.—It was shown that un-
controlled regrowth ranging in length from 200 to 800
m took place in all growth experiments during ther
mel equilibration. Attempts to determine quantita-
tively the growth rates of these regions through inter-
lace demarcation were unsuccessiul since the spacing
ot demarcation lines is below optical resolution, The
growth rate could, however, be estimated to be about
D.1 um/sec from the measured time-dependent tem-
perature change in the hcat extraction system.
The compositional profles for uncontrolled-growth
regions formed on earth and in space aru presented in
Fig. 17. It Is seen that the Ga concontration in these
regions fluctuates and assumes average values at 1.35
× 10i and 2.1 X 1016/cm*, for growth in space and on
carth, respectively. It is seen further that the Ga con-
centration in these regions drops ultimately to 1.55 x
108/cmi,, which is the expected equilibrium value
(K,CL) observed at the onset of controlled regrowth.
Thus, it appears that durirg uncontrolled zrowth non-
equilibrium segregation takes place whereby doparc
accumulation to levels of 2.1 and 24 x 10/amü at the
crystal-melt interface raises the distribution coefficient
to D.11 and 0.12, respectively. The existence of such an
accumulation layer at the growth interface Is also
consistent with the appearance of compositional fuc-
Luations of up to =3%. While the observed segrega-
tion behavior can be explained through the existence
of an accumulalion layer, the formation of such an ac-
cumulation layer as well as its stability over a period
of about 1 hr cannot as yet be explained. Thus, diffu-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 3961, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A. Space
10'
• SO SULD-STATE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
November 1978
B. Earth
types of faceling the corresponding segregation be-
navior was quantitatively analyzed over regions where
the microscopic growth rate normal to the crystal-
melt interface was identical in the facet and in the
adjacent off-facet region and where the facet regions
were laterally expanding, i.e., under conditions where
the diffusion boundary layer thickness
was identical
in the facet and the off-facet regions. The measure-
ments give a ratio [heir (on-facet)/Kett (off-facel)] of
0.94 Indicating that the interface distribution coef-
cient (k) for facet growth dillers trom that for off-
facet growth.
REFERENCES
1. J. A.
Burton, R.
J. Chem. Phys. 21, 1087 (1953).
C. Prim and W. P. Slichter,
2. W. C. Plann, Irane. AIME, 194, 747 (1952).
3. WA
Tiller, K. A. Jackson, J
B. Chalmers, Acta, Metall., 1, 428 (1853).
Rutter, and
4 D. I. J. Hurle and E. Jakeman, J. Crust. Growth,
5. 227 (1968)
6. C. Wagner. J: Metals, 6, 154 (1954),
32, 13 (1975).
10l9
Distance-
Fia: 17, Carrier concentration (dapat) profiles in uncontrolled
growth regiens (b) and adjacent sced (a) ond controlled regrowth
(e) regions of crystals grown in spoce and on carth.
sion from the seed crystal into the melt can neither
accpunt for the dopant accumulation at the
interface, nor can the accumulation be attributed to
electromigration eflects (associated with current puls-
ing) since polarity reversal did not affect the compost-
tion within the uncontrolled growth region.
Facet effect.—Interference contrast microscopy of
ihe etched
was concave (as viewed
extensive central (111) faceting was observed during
the later stages of growth (growth distance > 25 cm)
as a resuit of changing thermal conditions, For both
Weinberg, Irons. Met, Soc., AIME, 227, 231
(1883).
10. J. I. Carruthers, Car. Met. Quart., 5, 55 (1963)
11. A.
Witt, M.
Lichtensteiger, and H. C. Gatos
This Journal, 120
1119 (1973).
13. W
W. Millins and R. E. Sekerka, d. Appi. Phys.,
13. A. F.
122, 276(1975).
14. H. Fritzsche, Phys. Rev., 99, 405 (1955).
15. B. L. Schmid:
and J.
Verhoeven, Trans. Met.
Soc. AIME, 239, 148 (1987).
10. W
: 1834).
Cochran, Proc. Camb. Phil. Soc., 30, 865
17, V. G. Smith, W. A Tiller, and J. W. Rutter, Con
J. Phys., 33, T23 (1955),
. Appi. Ppy., 25, 1170 (1954).
19. O. W. Memelink, Phillips Res. Rep. 11, 183 (1956),
30 A RiPer Pierence, chos for Intrial
Richtmyer,
Problems," Interscience Publishers, Inc.,
New York (195T).
Effects of Diffusion-Induced Strain and Dislocation
on Phosphorus Diffusion into Silicon
Satoru Matsumota, Yasushi Akao, Kiyoyuki Kohiyama, and Tatsuya Niimi
Department of Electrical Engineering, Keio University, Hiyoshl, Joleohama 223, Japaz
ABSTRACT
The diffusion-induced strain and dislocation
eltects on the diffusion ol
phosphorus into silicon have been investigated. When phosphorus is diffusec
singly, the diffusion coefficient of phosphorus increases considerably at high
concentrations, While, when phosphorus and germanium are diffused si-
multaneously, fewer dislocations are observed and the dilusion-induced strain
is compensated. In strain-compensater diffusion, concentration profiles of phos-
phorus agree well with the theoretical curyes (erfc). It is shown that the
enhancement of the diffusion coefficient of phosphorus at high concentrations
is attributed to the diffusion-induced strain. Besides, dislocatlons retard the
diffusion front by absorbing excess vacarcies, showing the opposite effert of
strain,
that diffusion of phosphorus above a certain critical
surface concentration or a total amount of dopant
Key words: samconduclor, doping, distusion.
causes the generation of dislocations in the diffused
region (4, 2). A generation mechanism of excess
vacancies due to the climbing motion of such dislo-
cations is proposed to explain the marked enhance-
ment of the diffusion cocticient and emitter-push
elfect (3, 4), These anomalous phenomena are, how-

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 835, "chars": 5942, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICIAL GAZETTE
in the opening in the isolation layer whereby electrical
1,359,776
conlact is made lo the capping layer; and
DEVICK FOR GENERATING OR AMPLIFYING
an cieciacaly conducting layer averlying the second major
surface of the substrate whereby electrical conlact is made
COHERENT ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION, AND
lo the substrate;
I METHOD OF MANUFACTURING THE DEVICE
wherein the substrate and the first confining layer are of one
"Gerard Ackel: Petch J, de Waard, Glok D. Khoe: Glisbrecht
conductivity type and the scoond confining layer and the
C. Wirtz, all of Endbaren, Netherlands, and Tullis E, Razzl,
capping iayer are of the apposite conductivily lype; und
Wirrat, Eaglend, assignors 1o US. Philips Corporation, New
York, N.Y.
Flled Jun, 18, 1979, Ser, No. 49,778
Cuims arlority, appllcation Neiherluade, Nov. B, 1578,
7813085; Jan. 29, 1979, 7900668
Int. CI./ H015 3/19
U.S. C1. 372-16
12 Chalms
NOVEMBER 16, 1982
NOVEMBER 16, 1982
en clongated body of dieleciric mato
medium confined in a circular
forms an optical mode volume th
elongated body of dielectric male
of dielectric malerial having outs
lengit in diamerically opposite
two concave metal conductors ma
rial filled against opposite sides d
deiectric material alang the leng
ture with said oulward extension
conductors connected io a high
high vollage Icrminal whereby
aud two concave metal conduc
bulld up at the edges of the diel
with said luscr gas medium to l
aser gas medium, said axicnai
outward of said body and alon
prevent stray elecirical curre
concave metal conductors.
4,359.778
CHANNEL EQUALIZER AN
CANCELLING G
Ronald B. Lec, Skokie, 1l1, ussignor
tion, Glenrick, lIb
Filed Fob, S, 1981, Ser
Int, ,) НОЗН 21/00,
U.S. CL, 375-3
wherein the substrale and the first and second confining
layers are composed of a materiul Iransparent at the wave.
length of a light beam emilled by the device;
the improvement which comprises:
I. A semiconductor device for operation with coherent
an absorber layer composed of u malerial which is absorp-
electromagnetic radiation, which comprises
five of light ai the emitted wavcicogih interpased berween
4 Scriconductor body having 4 major surface;
the subsicate and the first conflaing layer and of the same
a srip-shaped active region having a p-n junctian extending
conductivily lype as the substrate: and wherein the cup-
substantially parallel 1o said major surfacc;
ping iyer is absorptive of light as the emilted wavelengih.
• contact member on each side of said p-n junction to supply
current to said junction, one of said contuct members
comprising an electrode laycr which is located on snid
4350,775
DSENICONDUCTOR LASER
Peter Marschall, Neu-Uler Klaus Petaramns, Blaustcin/Hear-
lingen, Emuld Schlosser, Hans-Peter Vollmer. botb of Lim,
and Claus Folk, Erbuch, all of Fed. Hep of Germany, surier-
*Hirac
Meisited Rep. of Canay
Filed Aug. 15, 1980, Str. No. 178,568
Claime prlority, application Fed. Rep, of Germany, Aus 16,
1979, 2933005
Int. CI/ HOIS 3/19
L.S. CT. 371-45
major surface above said strip-shaped active region, suid
electrode layer forming a current supply cuntact with a
conductive part of asid major surface within a strip-
shaped contact regian above sald active region; and
uncans for providing a sparully periodie amplification varia-
tion In parlians of said aceive region in the wavalength
range of said radiation over at least a part of its tatal
length in the longitudinal direction, the period of said
amplifestion varialian boing at least ten timot the ways-
length of said radmiion within the semiconductor material
and at mos aqual to one-fifth of the length of said aclive
13 Clalms
region, said portions of the active region having a com-
man center line in the langitudinal direction.
HIGH EFFICIENCY TRANSVERSELY EXCITED
ELECTRODELESS GAS LASERS
Clifton S. Fox, Woodbridger Jay A. Fax, Alexandria, and Dallas
Barr, woodbridge, all of Ya, assienors to The Uniler
smies of America as represealed by the Secreury of the
Army, Washingion, D.C.
Flled Jun. 22, 1981, Ser, Na, 227,447
1. tr a semiconductor luser consisting of a crysial having • U.S. C1.372-61
lot C 31015 3/03
7 Claims
sequence of layers forming & heterostructure dinde and includ.
ing i lavcr active zone inlerpoled berweon a pair of semicon.
ducior laycra cach baving a band gap greater than that of any
layer within saut laser active zone, the improvement wherein:
227
said laser active zone includes k first somiconductor luyer
having a given band gap, and ai least sccond and third
amicondudlor layers cach having a band gap which is
greater than that of said first layer, said frat layer being
cantiguaus with and interposed between semiconductar
layers each having a band gap which is greater than thai
of said first layer and forming a pn-function with one of
suid cuntguous layers:
said improvement further comprising a sirip-shaped region
al a uniform conductivity type diffused from the surfuce
of saud crystal; said regioa pencirating into a Icest ane
1. A dialecirio coupling for cacitation of tranaverscly excited
clectrodeless gas user to provide a highly eificicos gas laser.
layer of said laser active zone but not into said firs layer, mid coupling comprising:
S040T
12. In a system which receives, "
nel, a training agnil, data, and ghos
the data, and wherein the training
represantable w a finite length sequd
live of the maximum and minimun
communicaton chunnel and the tr
removing the ghoss from the datu
processing the truining signal and
plurality of first successive l
reduces the number of terms o
by twa; and
processing the dula and in ghos
of successive second filtering
characteristic substantially id
one of the first filtering sleps,
4,359,77
EM TRANSMITTER WITH FRE
AND AMPLITUDE COR
Arnold M. Levine, Chauworh, Cal
Telephone and Telegraph Corpor
Filed Lec, 8, 1980, St
Int. CI.' H04
U.S. C1. 455-110
1. A frequency arcelulated, r
system comprising:
a cyclically operating frequency
