{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:28:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 91720, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125682-hudson-valley-newspaper-article-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "931a1fee3694d0993a660e99319b6a2c4d3104947d2610b946818d912b58294f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 739, "chars": 4602, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Questions fly over Putnam
DANBURY, CONN.
NEWSCTIMES
UFOR
APR 51983
By Janet Higbie
News-Times Staff
What's triangular, big as a football
field has red, white and green lights,
and swoopstoxer. the tree tops at
Nobody knows exactly what it is,
but reseachers are looking into sev-
eral hundred reported sightings of an
unidentified flying object in Putnam
and Westchester counties over the
"As far as I'm concerned, we have
a great mystery here," said Philip
Imbrogno, a high school science
teacher from Greenwich who
is
gathering information on the sight-
ings for the Center for UFO Studies
in Evanston, Ill.
Imbrogno and a team of five re-
searchers began studying the sight-
ings a week
and a half ago after
reading newspaper accounts of the
The firstrof the-most recent series
of reports on the object began trick-
lingzinton March 170-«St Patrick's
Daye: when the Kent Police De-
partment received about a dozen
calls about a low-flying object.
*The calist poured in again the fol-
owing weeks March 24:25 and :26.
- when more than a hundred calls
came into police stations in Carmel,
Putnam Valley,: York-
town, Mount Kisco and other towns.
Since he invited people who saw
the object to call him last week, Im-
brogno said he himself has received
more than 300 calls.
"Very seldom have I seen such a
great mass of reports froth a single
area," he said. "It's highly unusual."
Most of the péople have described
aramassive V-shaped object lined
with multi-colored lights that flies at
stree top level Imbrogno-said: The
object is often reported as about 100
stor150 feetracross landimade of gray
or other dark-colored metal.
•Many of the callers have said the
objects makes a humming noise and
tnat it flies siowly and maneuvers
easily.. unlike a conventional air-
plane or helicopter.
Callers come from all walks of
life, including doctors, lawyers, po-
lice officers, housewives and truck
drivers, Imbrogno said. He added
that he thinks most are reliable wit-
nesses, though he said a handful
were apparently young children or
adults who were.
"not all there."
One of the people who saw.the ob-
: ject, Linda Nicoletti of Tonetta Lake
Park in Brewster, said she was sit-
ting in her living room on St. Pa-
trick's Day at about 8:30 p.m. when
she saw some red and white lights.
over the roof of a neighbor's house.
Mrs. Nicoletti, her husband, fa-
! ther-in-law and two of her three chil-
Idren ran outside and found what
(appeared to bea Vashaped aircraft
flyingisilently at tree top level:
Mrs. Nicoletti, who said she felt
more curiosity than fright, said she
thinks the object may have been
some kind of military or experimen-
tal aircraft.
"Who knows what they
i have
"now?" she said.
Another witness, 17-year-old Jef-
¡trey
Salmonese, a Mahopac High
School senior, said he took photo
graphs of the object when he and his
father spotted it from the yard of
their Putnam Valley home on March
was flying toward him lit with red
lights when he first saw it at about
8:45 p.m. After abruptly turning
south, the object's lights switched to
alternating green and white, he said.
Salmonese's photographs;
published in Gannett-Westchester's
Reporter Dispatch newspaper this
week, shows an indistinct white light
against a gray background.
'Researcher Imbrogno said another:
man, a governmert official who
light toward the ground.
* Several callers who said they saw
the object from their automobiles
said it interfered with their radio re-
ception as it passed overhead, Im-
brogno said.
Police officials interviewed yes-
'terday said they are skeptical of the
reports
Carmel Police Chief Charles
Lewis, like several of the police offi-
cials, said he believes residents may
be seeing a group of small airplanes
flying in formation or a hoax de-
signed to resemble a UFO.
Lewis said calls about UFOs are
referred to Imbrogno, and that his
main concern about the sightings is
thạt the calls may tie up the depart-
ment's emergency lines.
Trooper S.J. Riley of the Brewster
state police barracks said that when-
ever possible, officers are sent to in-
vestigate UFO-sightings, but so far
have been unable to confirm any of
the reports.
Captain Philip Prinz of the Put-
nam County Sheriff's Department
said the department receives reports
of UFO sightings, usually a run of
several over a short period of time,
three or four times a year.
"I don't put much credence in it,"
he said.
But Imbrogno said he doesn't be-
lieve the phenomenon described by
the local residents could be air
checked all nearby airports and can
find no records of flights that would
He said that. the team's report on
BEES
base.
