{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:06:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 104924, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125684-hasselbach-germany-july-9-1952-ufo-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "dd4a85a36a742f48ffdc532028362048f93de245cd297d0578313c92a75190af"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2261, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Clotetos,
5?
CENTRAL TELLIGENCE AGENCY"
INFORMATION FROM
FOREIGN DOCUMENTS OR RADIO BROADCASTS CD NO.
REPORT NO. 00-1-236823
Gerrany
Military; Scientific
DATE OF
INFORMATION
2952
DATE DIST. 23 1ag 1952
COUNTRY
SUBJECT
1OW
'UBLISHED
YHERE
'UBLISHED
JATE
'UBLISHED
ANGUAGE
Dally newspaper
• Athens
NO. OF PAGES.
2
9 Jul 2952
Greet
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
IURCE
I Retainerial.
"FLYING SAUCERS" IN EAST GERMANT
Berlin, July - Furnished with the svorn testinony of an eyevitness,
DackI LInke, a 40-yeaI-old German and Iorner mayor of Gleimershausen, West
BerlIn Intelligence officers bare begun Investigating = most unusual "Il)n
Bancer" story. According to this story, an object "resembling a buge Ilying
pas" and baring a diameter of about 15 peters landed la a forest cleariag in
the soriet Zone of Gernany.
Itate recently escaped from the forlet Zone B10A8 Vith HIs WISe End 81X
children.
Linke sad h1s 11-year-old daughter, Gabriella, sade the Iolloring svors
statenent last veel before a judge:
"While I was returning to my hone vith
Gabriella, a tire of my motorcycle blew out near the torn al Hangelbach.
Walle ve vest Valklag along toward Hasselbach, Gabrlells pointed out sons.
tbing xhich Jay at a distance of sbout 140 meters anay Iron 23. Since 11
vas trilight, I though that she was pointing at a young deer.
"I left ry notorcycle near a tree and walked tovard the spot which
Gabriella bad pointed out.
When, boverer, I reached a spot about 55 meters
Fam the object, I realized that ay ret dupreen on bad been won Mart
I bad seen vere tro nen who vere nor about 40 meters avay Iron de.
seeded to be dressed in bone abiny metallie clothing. They vere stooped
over and vere looking at sonething lying on the. ground.
"I approached ent11 I was only about 10 seters from tber.
I looked
over & stall fence and then I noticed a large object xhose diameter I
estinated to be betreen 13 and 15 meters.
It looked lite s huge Irying par.
There vere tro tova of holes on its peripbery, about 30 centinetera iz
he space betveen the two rows var about 0.45 metera.
the top of thix setal oblect var a biact conleal tower about 3 meters high.
APPROYED FOR RELEASE
221689
ARCHIVAL RECARH
XIANSE ALTEA
CLASSIFICATION
GATL
DISTDIDIITINU

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2666, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
00-W-23682
"At that moment, my daughter, who bad reusined a short distance behind
De, called Ie. Ihe two men must have heard my daughter's rolce because tbey
Lumediately Jumped on the conical tover and dlsappeared Inside..
"I bad preriously noted that one of the men had a lamp on the front part
of his body vhich Ilt up at regular Intervals.
"Hox, the side of the object on which the boles had been opened began to
glitter.
Its color Beened green but later turned to red.
At the same time I
began to bear a eligbt him.
Holle the brightsess and bun Increased, the
conical tover began to slide dorn into tbe center of the object.
The whole
object tben began to rise slovly from tbe ground and rotate like a top.
"It seened to be as I1 It were supported by the cylindrical plant which
had gone down from the top of the object,
"through the center, and bad 10w
appeared Irom Its bottom on the ground.
"The object, surrounded by"s r1a8 Of flames, vas now a certaín number of
feet abore, the ground.
•-I then noted that the wbole object had risen Blovly from the ground. The "
cylinder on whieh it vas supported bad now disappeared vithin Its center and
bad reappeared on the top of the object.
"The rate of climb had nor becone greater.
At the same time zy daughter
and I beard a whistling sound slullar to that beard when 8 bomb falls.
"Ibe object rose to a borizontal position, turned toward a neighboring
toxs, and then, gainíug eltituae, it disappeared ovei the heights and forests
Is tbe direction of Stockhein."
Heny othel persons VhO live in the Bane area as Linke later related thst
they saw an object which they thought to be a comet.
A sbepberd stated tbat
be thought thst be was looking at a comet moviag avay at a lov altitude IIOn
the beight on which Linte stood.
After submitting his testimony to the judge, Linke made the followIng
•I would have thought that both my daughter and I vere dreaming
If It vere not for the folloving elenent Inrolved:
When the object bad
disappeared, I veat to the place where it bad been. I Iound a circular
opening In the ground and It was quite erident that It was freshly dug.
vas exactly the same shape as the conical tower. I vas tben conriaced that
I vas, not dreamins."
Ilike continued, "I bad never beard of tbe tern flying saucer' before I
escaped fron the Soriet Zone Into Hest Berlin.
When I saw this object, I
Lowediately thought that it was a new soviet rilitary machine.
"I confess that I ves selzed vith fright because the Sórieta do not want
weyone to kaow about their vork.
Many persons have been restricted to their
torezents Ior many years In East Germany because ther know too mich."
- EID -
:
"2-'
..
di
