{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:27:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 91569, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125664-hudson-valley-newspaper-article-1.pdf", "source_sha256": "2cbe17a1c3ab6e11bc2e3bc5d402e33d965004347b1f01ca8f18ac52095e8569"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 813, "chars": 4872, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hundreds claim to have
THE DAILY ITEM
PORT GHESTER, N.Y
seen UFO
MAR 26 1983
Soravilla's description: of the ple just went wild over it."
By E.B. Walzer
phenomenon - "An equilateral tri-
And one week ago, almost to the
Staff Writer
angle with one side missing, a V."
minute, residents of Kent called
police to report a similar phenome-
In Yorktown, people don't usually call
given by other people who observed
non over I-84. The calls came in at
the police when visitors arrive from out of
the sight, first reported at 0:45 p.m.
about 8:40 p.m. March 17.
town. As long as they aren't from outer
Soravilla saw the lights again 45
airport officials said no
space.
minutes later as he stood outside
planes were in the air at.that time.
Thursday night, Yorktown police and
police headquarters with dispatcher
One man who definitely didn't
neighboring departments
were
flooded
think the lights last week were from
with calls from people who said they had
Some people thought the lights
planes was a truck driver heading
slow-moving,: propeller-
down Interstate 684 in Brewster.
seen strange lights in the sky, an Unidenti-
driven aircraft flying in formation,
Sgt. Joseph Andrew of the Air
fied Flying Object.
but according to the Federal Avi-
National Guard security: detachment
The descriptions of the object matched
ation Administration, there were no'
at Westchester County Airport said
aircraft in the area at that time.
those given exactly a week earlier by
the truck driver came into the secu-
Radar stations operated by the
people in Putnam County who had report-
rity office that night and reported a
FAA on Long Island did not record
ed seeing lights over Interstate 84. -The
UFO sighting.
planes or helicopters flying
lights, callers said; were arranged in a V
"He was really shook," Andrew
within 100 miles of Yorktown. Air-
Shape, and appeared to be placed along the
said. "He said he was driving along
edges of a large triangular flying craft.
when he saw these lights, 10 o 15
County and Connecticut were hand-
More than 100 calls were received
ling no air traffic at the time, and
feet off the ground, right in front of
him. He said when he stopped near
the Air National Guard
it, he got static on his radio. Then,
Thursday night, mostly by police in York-
usually gets blamed for this sort of
town, but also in New Castle, Mount Kisco,
all of a sudden, zoom of it disap-
Carmel and Putnam Valtey.
Yorktown Patrolman Kevin Soravilla
saw the lights twice within a 45-minute
period Thursday night.
'The first was when I was on Route
118," Soravilla said: "The craft was travel-
ing sóuth.. At first I thought it was a large
transport aircraft. It had six or eight lights
on it, and the thing was huge.
"Then it looked like it stopped, and it.
urned and looked like it went perpendicu
ar to the ground. I then saw red, blue and
green lights on it Then it swerved and
went in the other direction.
At first I'
thought it
was a dirigible becairse
seemed to be
floating, but
seedn't have moved like that." a dirigible
"At first we thought it might be
a flight of.choppers,because the Air.
that, "It looked as big as one of the
National Guard is moving to Stew-
hangars we have here," and that
art Airport later this year,"
lights were ranged along the edges
"But they had nothing flying what-
A Brewster resident who lives
near 1-84 corroborated the truck
Opinion was mixed about what it
driver's account,
was that floated slowly over York-
The man, who asked that
town, but whatever it was nearly
name not be used because he is a
caused accidents when motorists
Putnam County official, said he got
stopped in the streets to gawk
a close-up view of the craft at about
We don't know for sure what i
8:40 p.m.
was," said ; Yorktown Police Sgt.
One neighbor, Linda Nicoletti of
Anthony Masi, who added, "This is
Tonetta Lake Road, said she. was
not a case oi kooks calling - police
sitting in her living room when she
officers saw it, too."
saw the lights.
To one eyewitness, Bonnie O'Bri-
"I told my-husband it looks like
en of the Croton Heights section of
an airplane, but it's so low," Mrs.
Yorktown, the lights initially looked. Nicoletti said.
"I didn't hear any
like one object, but then became
noise until it went over the house,
differentiated
and then I heard a muffled engine
"'My son yelled to come outside,"
Mrs. O'Brien' said. "He' thought at
Andrew, who said Air National
first that it was a'UFO."
Guard aircraft would not be mistak-
Sgt. Vincent. Puma of Carmel
en for this week's or last week's
police, where police officers in pa-
phenomena — "the lights on our O-'
trol cars once followed a slow-mov-
2's are different" — said he envied
ing, luminous object as it moved
the people who had reported the
across the town's airspace, said
police received reports Thursday
"I want, to see one of those
"of this huge thing in the sky. Peo-
myself," he said.
