{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:32:37Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2097175, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125695-long-island-ny-october-9-1972-ufo-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "d0e5e3d35ec832de6141ff799f224239ab9e06d4cb3ed47cf96d337213f2878f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 700, "chars": 4015, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Irsasoript of taped intervion with It. and irs.
at thoir hono at >
intorviewod by
• T
Jand
on Novezber 19, 1972,
i'no X
Iransoribed 11/19/72, by IB.
Statement by Mrs. X
¿ rolerence potober 9, 1912, driviag as paasongor ia Volkslagon
bus east on joricha Iurnpike.
Around Genterrogan, or juat cowing through Coator-
saan, my husband and I bath notlood a vory bright light in the sky. Ho noticed it,
I notfood it, vithout saying anythingi
at the next traffic light ho montioned it
to no, "Dld you goo the bright light out thero'" I said yes, and he said "well,
keep watching It."
It dron our attention because its very open at this point--the aky--and thore
nUre
stars out and everything but it was so much brightes, so much bigger, it was
just so abrious.
Sylvia - Was it dark?
Mra o- Ob yes, it was ovoning, It was dark. It was so obvious from the
sters that we kept vatobing it. Ho often look at the aky and seo things but never
anything vs rould roport becauso ve-- never came to a conolueion.
He kept watching it. As wo drove sast, wa rore watching It, I said "I don't
thiak the darn thing, is noving." Bescuse If you're going one way and sonething's
coming the ather, you're gonna get--you know--closer together.
Ihen sitor vatobing it for a for minutes due to the troos or a turn in the
road no lost sight of it/ for a couple Beconds.
Ae we came around the bend, or
the trees or senatatagz whatever it was thoro, I said "The darn thing 1a moving,"
because suddenly It's oloser to us and thon you could soe it moving.
and, of course,
he's driving and I'm vatohing the thing steadily.. all of a sudden I seo a Ied
Iight-s steady rad light, norwal size, norwal averything like you would see on an
airplane, the rod light portion.
But al courgo this white light is very big and
brigkt,, and I said "Oh, now I seo a red light," and ho said, "I don't," and then ho
looks up and he saye,
"Oh yoah, an I see it too."
dad thon (in) a couplo seconds
I said,
"Now I seo a green light" on the other side of it.
These xere placad approzimatoly in my ostination- I
am not the best judge of
distanco and size in the world, probably the worst--Iike It it was the wingtipe of
a plano, you knox, with a rod light on one sido and a groon light on the othor.
The
lighta stayed stationary, they did not go on and off, though the walto light, you
covad soo, was pulsating--it novor wont off, but sort of beat, 11ko a heartbeat,
a sinulated beart boat.
Ho didn't boe the groen light and as I look back and plood overything togethor
I can soo whys this thing must be maneuverlag in the oky and as I explainod it my
loster, it' a rounded la the front and it's liko a bat, a trianglo, basioally triangu-
lar shape, So as this thing nanourers, If it, gons down, or this may or that way,
naturally you'ro gonna ano only ons light. It's only la certaia positions you're
gone see both lights, the red and the green togother.
When to'd soon both the red and the groon light no said, on, it must be an air-
plane. . abut us keop watching it beanuae thia white light is so outatandlag, ne'is
stIll wondering. Then ae we're driving along I aid to my husband, "Tau knon, " I
aald, "I'm not auro, kataă boozune this 1s bon faint thio other improscion was,
"I see. "-like a ring, the shape of either a ring or an autior, you know, like
this (Gesture indiestes a curve or aro); l1ke sometinen you soo a ring around the
moor but you hare to laokay ,eous nights it's alons and distinct, ather nights
you look ond sao the ring around the won, you look again and tits the ring 1s
gone, and 1 got had greg on 1 0 9 8 [ing.
I said thio to him bocauso bo's driving, ho a trying'to glance-- I said I don'
know, I'm not auro, then I asid, "Ias, I am sure, I seo something going- 11 ke
this (gostures 1s an era),"
I said it soone to hare stapoi. But, you knox-rho
knows what you're looking at, and us continus watobing this... I a00 the groen
Iight now, i don't ago the green light, but I almaya noo the red light and the
bright light, and wo're watching it.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 785, "chars": 4375, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2-
ind thon, as to got to the top of thie hill before you como down into this
place where the rug-the carpat place is, what 1a the name of that towa, un-corun.
wo must have lost sight of it for a alnute because there ars treas there; bor I
Know there are treas there, ho ran the routo last zight juat, um--to seo. It
trees thoro,
cauno I nevor actually sax it, liko you'ro on the rosd, this 1s tho
road and you're driving here and there are treas and stuff hare, I naver sax it
antually approach, Ilke go fron over the troos to over the road, that'a how low it
iss I'm siiting in the Volkawagon and bo's driving and I'm looking, and I lo0k up--
actually with the volkswagon bus, with the glass going Just Ilke this (Indiostos
a slightly angled vertical and nothing in iront of you you're very high in those,
and I look up and I look up and andra pitarkoad I'm suddonly looking right
under at the belly of the thing, and that'a when I yolled to him, "That's no aix-
plane!" I sald, "Thoro are windows with lights under thero, " and I don't see any
wings, I just saw this body there.
At thia point, looking up, you know, the exoite-
went, it was 11ko I'm altting hore, it would be like up thors. (gestures at a high
angle almost ovorhead), and I'd go like this with the window (pushing her face right
up against the glaga), causo I had to push my head right to the front of the glass.
That's whos I started yelling. I said, "Pull off the road, that's no airplane!!
If you'd like to drive out there, wa couldo.. He pulled up as fast as he could,
and there's a at the edge of the thing (road) goos right up Ilko this, a little
hill, and Ixgas with woeds and such on it, and I ran up that orbanizont sad looked
and by that time, with him pulling forward, you know, atopping the cars and this
thing going this ray, (the opposito direction), because it was, so, you knox, we
were going thie way (oast) and that was going that was (wost southrest), then, wher
I stood on thie embankment, and I'd stand there and thie thing would bo 11ke in
proportion (at an angle of sb 70-80 degroos iSI of the zonith--18), I'm looking at
it, say this le the baok of the triangle, from the sear, at this point I can't see
under horo (the botton), you seo it's not up this high to me (there ia muoh gesturing
it Too anatole ted antend post-don ready see agree
can seo the lighte undorneath, because of whoro he was sitting, lower, stioking his
head out..
I saw it, Iiko thie le the back of the triangle, which was straight, it's
vary dark, this thing, 20 I said 1i it was advortleing it was ranskagalarzeaner the
worat piege of adrertising in the world, because it had overything textsarazz* to
camellage It, and lock how long he'd seen It, as you'll see shan we ride along (the
rauto--TB). You didn't kaon what you woro looking at, than you thought it was an air-
pleno, and then you thought it was, I san ao0 why people describo different things
so curlous, becaurs you soo it from all distorent angles.
I look up and suddenly I, neo theno.. suddenly it registered, these thinga were
alveys there, there!s those two great big antennas or polos sticking up with what
ould ba conalderably narrovor in diamotor going acroes tao topo Ii it wouid b
polo, that res corneated aarosa the top.
That garo it a vary bone-mado appearanco,
the way that roar, with the pales, cause I said to mygelf... it looks 11ko songone
made it in their gerage. Ihis didn't soou an--as smooth, it looked 11ke, you know,
an added thing.
Aad as I was standing there it suddenly dawas on no thet I don't hear anything--
don't hoar a--i rayan
"I don't hear anything; thore's no noise!"
IB - Dan I interrupt you hero? I want to got an idea of tho size of the object,
as you razo strading on the top of the bluff. Can you hold your bands apart as 11
you rero meenuring the distante at: arn'a lengthi
-Itratextbatzaits Oh,. I'd say it ras that wide.
IB - A good tro foot - ovor tra footo • sa goad 30 inches.
Mre O - When vo rado back last night end looked at the apot, I'm thiaking-ea I
day I am not a vary good judge of beight or distanoe - but looking at it la the spot
again last aight-tha first time we've been baok--it must haro been lower than I, lower
than what I suld in the lotter than what you vero saying, it might have been higher,
bocause I judged it, you knox, the telephone poles ruming along the side of the road

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2535, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
I judgod how I had to aeat in that car and look up, when it ras right over the
road, coming over the --right at a point almost over the top of the oar -- that,
and how I looked up to It, that it wasn't that much higher thatexashe
poles, but I mean it vasn't I1ke thousanda al foot abovo the tolephone polos;
this thing was I1ke--
IB - Within several hundred foot- (Bloesher, stop loading the witness!)
Mra O- Yeah, but what intorostod no was that it was so well camoflagod, whatorer
It was, It didn't want to be soon anymore than was absolutoly necessary, obviously,
bocause the metal, ar whatover the body vas made out of, was very dark; it zes
either a very, very dark grey or black, Ilke a gua matal, or black--
IB - And yot the light was vory noticaablo.-
Mre O- Ihe light on ths front, yos, and yot you could only, sad however this
darn thing was designed, you could only be la certain positions to see the lighta
in the xindowa underneath.
IB - Was the objeot darker than the backgrouad of the aky?
iss a - les.
Mra C - (Shakeo no)
IB - has thare still aone light in the sky at the time if liero there alouds statio
tessa, that night?
M5 O- Cloar sky.
TB - Clear sky.
irs. O- I don't think- I think it was pitch dark. what time wea It now? It
waB
late, it was after dinner--le rent to golf (ota. ....
- 7:55.
Mrs. C - It was aiter suppor
A= 0 - It was 7:55
IS - And what was the duration, when you firat aaw the light to the point - It -
20 minutes?
Mrs. O-Hol1, no -- I guess you sald It's a 20 minutos ride out to forum-
Mr 0 - 15 to 20 minutea --
Mrs. O - You mean from ubero no first saw it, or from homol
Mr O - Fron whore we first eaw it ?
Mra. O- Well then, that's It, because I'm not much judge on-- io--
Mr. o- Eastoney on, na, I'm sorry - from homo --
its 0- No, from home, and after wo had arrived quita a rays before ne apotta
tho light, so naybe the whole deal was ten uinutos -
Mr à- From 5 to ten minutos.
18 - From 5 to 10 minutes, good.
ira 0- I could have probably stood thore longer and still seen it going moro
xoopt he wade wa got back in the car. dftorwarde you think what you should hav
done, you know, stayed longor, But that was the strange thing--
1B- For long were you on the embaniment, rould you say?
M5a 0 - Soveral minutos.
13- Inen you did see it-
Ira G- and it kopt going -
Is - from tro to four minutes on the uz- om--
Mra O- Yesh, and it didn't go, 1ike, Pefft!, Ilko that.--
I3 - Tery slowly?
Mrs G- Just kept goings yeah.
IB - A11 right, that's lino.
That's very good irs Clapp, thank you.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 604, "chars": 3495, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4=
Statonont by Mo Ralph Clapp
My nano le Ralph Olapp. On Novamber J-uh, October 9 at, uh, around 7
d'olook, my wife and I left for the Corun fug forks, to look over rug samples.
we varo traveling east on Route 25. Along about tro-thirds of the way through
Conteroect no atopped st a red light, and looking up I san an astramsly bright
Iight, low dowa.
I had the foeling seanesxazanartraxmies maybo it vas abaut
ton timoo a star, uh, ton timos the siza of a normal star, maybe hall tha size
of a full moon, but looking like e star and very bright. And our thoughts wero
so much on other things that I may bavo seen it boforo and not roalized It.
* that 1 Bay
Iven sooing that I didn't realize fully what I wes looking at, but I did mention
to my wile,
"Look at that very bright light." lo travoled for ftve or siz minutes
further eastward, going about 40 milea an hour, and seeing it Intormittently. I
could only see it glancing as guickly up becauso I was driving.
Juat before s
b1g bill in corus - the big bill before Corum - starting up it, my wife mentioned
seeing a red and green light. I only saw tha red light.
Then as wa approached
the hill, going up the hill, wo lost aight of it complately for awhile.
it the
top of the hill, my wifo aald aomething to the effeat of, "That is no airplano.
It has windows underneath, I see stadows undornoath!
Stop the car, stop the car!"
I pulled over soon se I could, and, uh-very nexroth/shoulder.
The oar, the
Volkawagon yea partially over the adgo of the road, at'a curvo, on the top of tho
hill, and was in a dangerous pásition, so I did not got out.
She got out Innediately
and wau obsorving it. I opened the window and nes cranbig my neck upward, and
what I saw, approaching slightly to the left and totte. front, and not guite over-
head, ves an olongated elipas of lights, with a dark mass in betrees. I did not
see the speolflo bet shape. I saw the partlal-partlally the frostzstight bright,
front light, a slicht ourvaturo, but the main Impression was a big aro of lights
underneath this dark body, curring backward.
IB - §quara Iighta?
Mr O- I could not toll whether they were square or round, just individual
lights going around la an elliptical --
IB - In a slagle row?
M5 O - In a double ron, in Ilke an elipso, going backwarde
Sylvia - How many, would you say?
Ix. G- That's hard to say, begause you're not thinkiag at the time. Maybe fIre
on a aide - could have been moro.
IB - Pivo or six doublo?
VE C -
les, on eithor side, going around.
Sylvis - In a single row, going around -
13 - Regarding the double ron of lights, can you explain that?
"E a - A single ion on either side, foruing an elipee, or sa elongatod boree-
shoe; tbat' a the way I dogoribed it to the rifo, en elongated horseshoo. Itwar
and we left-ve loft to go dora to
1S - About hor muah time had elapsed at that point?
Mr O- I rould cay no vose at the top of the hill looking maybe a minuto, daydo s
ainute and a halt, could have boon two minutas.
IB - On the teresatates hill?
Us O- On the hill itoolt! At the tlas I didn't ostinate height, or spood, but
I had the foeling it was of a vary large objoct, it was Ion down and I'd thought it
ras maybe e thausand feet overhsad. But going back, it man going 9xtromoly sIoN.
and s00n 8e de got home I thought about it and I vauld say that it, agsin at arm',
Length, Iorming a 90 degroo aro, it, uh, maybe aix seconda elapsad, from hand to
hand, in a 90 dograo are.
13 - Iou mean it ras six seconda, elo reconda to go--

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 669, "chars": 3826, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=5-
Mr. O-st took to go this dostance of tha gandagree ars, holding the banda
19 - 8ight.
Mr O- Right, about that.
would hare aald, I had the feeling
And ae far 3a size, I ranidakistan it WaS a0n9-
thing soro than 8 or ton inches at ara's longta.
Something over -it night have boon
more, but certalaly not less than aight inches at err's longth, It was quita a
sizable thing.
TB - And your estimate (Mrs, O's) 18 soro ta 30 laches, so It varies betreen 8 to
30.
Mrs O- Holl, maybe you should go by his rathor thaz to boosure (laughing) I admit
on hat boing a good judge.
Mr O- She had the adrantage of aotually being outsido the car and looking at it
steadily, while I just arabped my nock upnard from time to tino.
Mrs O- It's interesting about the rindors underneath, Ilke just where they vere
placed. When I first epotted the windowa, when I was still in the car, when we were
moring, woor
I lirat noticed this overboad, all I nor is that I sax windowa undes-
nosth the hody. It ran't, like, on the rides, It yes undorneath the body, and I
couldn't really toll you 1f I san eight or ten or fire or air and I couldn's tell you,
Ilka, If thoy voro in a ron. All I Imon 1s that suddenly I got, you know, you get o
att excited, you know, you look, you knor, this 1s after wo'to lost aight of it,
all of a sudden I look up and ritzk it's right over no and I knox just know I suddenly
soo windone all with lights is trom, you kaon, all the windows were 11t.
I3 - Is it possiblo those lighta esm on at a point betreon your last having saen
It through the windshield and the point of getting out and viering it fron the outside
of the oar! (Ho ho-trick question "l!)
Ins O- On, I was la the or whan I first saw the lights, that's hou
TB - You yore i'm the osr?
Mr 0- I 798 in the cer.
That's why I velled, That's no airplane, I sea windows
• Iights undorneath the tring.
I iss in the car when I looked up.
IB - Nox the shapo of these lights, aan you - do you hava any impreasion of them?
doro they square, round, cotaronal, triangular, just globs?
Mrs. C - No,
they had a shape.
In ay impression - i coulda't avest to it - in my
imprassion I vould say they nero roctangular shapo, not toa big, any indívidusl one.
Mr O- I had the distinct lepreeaion, leoling, they sore a highly geometrio
end that they were an olongeted rectanglo. I didn't, you know--thinking on
Pa, sons' I got home, which was solatively a short time after sadog it, thinidng
about it, visuelising it, it spperred Ilke it elongated rectangles.
Its D- It sight be intoroating to you poople, too, that when no got home here,
In the our coming back we wore just oroited and really didn't say too much, I thiak
we ware both iblaldug, and we got boze baro, ye refrained from dinoussing it wtil
no both wrato our individast improssdons.
ho purporafully refrained Irom discusoing
It so no rouldn't. Influenoo gach othor.
outaide:
It O- And to spont a groat anoint of tino gotting a compouite of what Grace aast
doing getting many many scotches until finally she said that'a just about what I sat.
He G- It sad ho rould dras sonothing what I saw and I'd say, Ho that's not
what I sar, sad the andy thing I lot him learo nao the windowe.. opcause the vindomo
voro thers, I had seen ther and then ho ear then from hin angle. I was going to say
that It ras bacause of the elevation from mbare I ver standing, tho relation to rhero
I Has standing when I Has out of the oar I no longor sen the windowa beeause it must
hare boon 1n relation to, 11ks, 1his oys larel (gestures), rather than to this oye
level, because then I'= looking up, It's not at my oya loral, but I'm looling at a -a-
TB - High angle.
Mra 0 - Yosho
Too thing had no sides, no sides. Lite It dida't have a top, a
bottoms and aiden. It'e true wben they say-
I - it'a tea dimensienel%, in other nords, flat?

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3136, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
13 - So you cen't be sure then, when you came out, that the object--the 11ght
you f you san finally, was the same thing? Or are you sure that it was!
Mr 0 - I can't be suro that*xxxxx
IB - You couldn't bo sure. Mrs Clapp, hox about you?
Mrs O- Well, if I had to grear to it, I couldn't avaar to it. I'd Iiko to think
It wao the same 1ight, I felt that night it wan the same night it yas the Banne 1ight-
IB - But there is some question in your
Mrs 9 - Thore's a question, yosh, thero's a question in my mind; the only thing
there Isn't a quation in my mind 1a, I knon I sar this thing from the car and when I
stodd, you know, when you definitaly sae-- I mean there's a big difference when you
kaow you aatually see an object.
T3 - I'm thinking that Venus would have been-
Mr 3 - Venus-.
(IS reached drim here to ba sure it was on and turned it off)
IB - I didn't mean to intarrupt you, lr. Clapp. Iell us about Venue.
after she loft the rug works, she kept arguing that was
that Venue wes off in that direction, altho it was a very bright Venus, and looked
little largor, it could very well have been-
Urs 0- However, though, when I went into the store, and looked up, and you looked
out thors, you got out sud for a minute and looked antzkasaganxid, I said,
It is, "
He see it, there's that light again.
Than I went in the store and I was at the
most five minutos, cause I had to walk ray in the back to return the sample that the
salesman, and back-- un, and I came out, I still ses it but it was further anay from
when I seen It when I fixat got out of the car at the rug works- does Vonus move that is
T3 - Hall, cen you identify Venus whon you seo it?
MrB 0 - No.
*= 9 = I can•
TB - You can.
But 11d you ses Venus and the light, simultareously, or just--
Are C - Did you consciously look for Venusi
Mr 0 - I didn't consoloualy look fo: Youus
Mira 9 - I'm lucky 1l I osa find the big dipper, I mean, ex I don't know- when I
Bylviz - Can you compare the brightness of the windows to the original light?
It as bright as
the original bright light?
Mes O- No. Io, It was like, a8 I say, if you vera here and you looked over to
nost block and the lady had the light Ilt in her room, you know thora's a light
I1: 1z that room, but light doean't cone out of the bullding
Sylvia - You said this took plaoe in the dark-
Ure 9- Un ha-
sylvia-Itight had fallen. Uh, st the point whore you aan the two antenna,
¡ntenna- ize objecta, vy var lígat díd you seo thosoi
Mra 5 - I don't tow what tightai I saw it. by-- I was just looking at
Mr O- He woro looking vast -
Mrs O - I don't know what light I sat, as I say , Jou hadda-- It war- everything
about the thing was that you shouldn't see It, booause those thinge rare dark, too.
Sylvis - were those things darker than the sky?
ure C-190, the objeat was darker than tha sky.
Mo i- The sky was a vary black-blus, not black on as a cloudy, a lato cloudy
night, but un, a real dark blus, as efter sunset, there was still a tiny bit of
light, but it's real dark, I think, I think, uh, maybe those, uh, scotches would
help identiiy what-
Sylvla - How did you fesl when you saw this objoct?
beczure

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3296, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
Mrs 0 - Yeah, it was I1ke 1f you put two saucers together, naturally you're
not gonns hare sides. You know, no-- по--
13 - No rim.
ira ° - No rim.
strango voice - Callarao, vo'Il just file it.
ur o- But you just did mention you nad-- you distinctly aan a flat, un-
Mre C- The back war flat.
I'he baok wont iight Ilks that, straigat, and then
these antennas up, and whaterer connected it, of curse, at the top of the antonnas,
and they were quite tall in relationahip to the, uh - to the baok--
IB - were they as tall sa the objoot was ridol Taller, or shorter?
Mrs 5 - At least as tall as the object was wido, across the back, possibly taller.
13 - to got the sequonce of the final part of the sighting non, you loft the
saene where you got out of the car and went on to the rug store--
"is u nighty which is just a very short Jistance away --
TB - And it was stil visible at the drug uh, rus stom the drug from the ruge
Mrs O- Yes, and that's the strange thing, though.
carpet place, after all, it's going the other way, right?
13 - Teah --
Mrs O- It's risible, but only that big white light 1s visible again. How the
hock the white light could be in the front and wa're seoing it from the back, I don't
know, but wo sar tho big white light, still moving off in the same diraction.
IB - th buh--
ra C - I mean its, it'e jat--
TB - It appeared going anay as it appeared coming close to you, just the big
*bite Iight.
Mrs O- (Shakes head, yes.)
13 - And you could see nothing of the red of green light at this point, or nothing
of the darker silhouette of the object.
Mrs ü- lo, no. Because an I figura it now, piecing it together as you say, if
you have a triangle like this (holding up pad), and thia is the rear section (the
back of the pad, with the point of a triangle moving forward-IB) and(these are)tho
points (the two"literior anglas), the lights nore, 11ka, not on the back, they were
Ilke, must have been nora, like,
here (to the front of the two literior angles)--
TB - Ihe red and green 1ights?
Mrs O- Yeah, they susta been nore there, because, uh - they weren't 11ka, uh-
ID - it the rear-
"re O- They weren't back there, they must have boon, Iike, where it makes thes
apex (at the rest of the too untorlor sides), they musta been I1ko that, you knox--
IB - Uh ham.
Mr O- She kopt pointing to this a, this un-- what looked like a very large atar
It was nowhere near as large as when vo first sax it, coming.
It may have pioked
up spoed or been a considorable distance away by that time. I personally couldn't,
ub- couldn't have sworn that it was the same object, at the Corum rug vertes- she
wan in there about fire minutos, and camo out--
Mrg 0- All I did ves return a sample -
Mr C- Ig, uh - already
TB - You san It, you san it trice thons you saw it when you got aut of the oar
et the zug work, as the bright light you saw originally..
MEs O - It hunt.
Is - Then you vent into the rug worka--
HIs, O- I did, ho stered in the car, I juet ran in to return a sample pieco that
ne had borrowed.
13-ALl right, did you koop it in--in sigat, Mr. Clapp, then, while you were out
was bartsadnside the
Mr O- No, I didn't, because I, bexxxxx tus/oar rxI, It was a fairly cold night and
the opposite way, so I didn't teep sight of it--
MEs O- He nas just andous to get home again (Iaugha)-

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 653, "chars": 3664, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
8
ub — you're thinking of watching the light and all, but still in your sind
you're still thinking of the carpet you bought that day, and this sort of thing
you know, It's an arciting thing, and much going on - and, un, 1 just wanted to
got out and sos it, and just axoited seat but, I thought I would be more--
begause I get azoited, you knor, about things, anyway, and, uh - I XIKKIm.
i*tty almaya--I know it sounds ailly, but I alwaya said 1L 1 orar sau one I was
going to jump up and down and wave, let them know I vas glad to seo them, but I
never even thought of doing It, I mean, I was so busy pointing (1aughs), I said
zaybe they thought I was waving at them.
Sylria - did you hare any fearfulness?
Mrs 0 - No.
fyivia - No anxiety, no —uh, worry, no sense of boattllity-.
Mra C- No, none shatsoever.
Mra Clapp- Hell, I can't believe that ho didn't got out of the oar. And neither
can ho. He looks back and bange his head against the wall overy day.
he he said -
MI O- 49 I sitin was going along, even though -- evon though it was a big light
I kept uh, thinking in torns of airplanes.
It raan't until the last minute I Bar
the; uh, the largo mass and the lights that Im diapelled the notion of an airplane.
And I think I said well, I'u glad Uracie fInally sax one of these UFOs. Previously
ahe
said I can't get exeited untIl one lande on the lan and Alis "I em a flying saucer..
Mrs O- Yeah, I, uh, that-- a humerous thing. I had fita-!!) here nade a kite
anaN for a flya contest once, for a kite thing, and he did, he made & Ilke a flying
saucer shape but I made him put on It, "Yes Lady, I'm a flying saucer, " Iike that,
cause I ued to always kid, causo no aro well read on the subject and in my heart
I do bellove in such things, but you alveya have the element of doubt, you know, you
Piggure, Nell - and I used to almays kid, I usu asid I'll beliere It rhen one goes
by and says,
"Yes, lady, I'm a flying saucer," so 1t vas sort of like a family joke,
and that's why I thought I'd be, you know--
IB - wall, there was sorsthing in this sighting, then, that said to you, "Yes,
Iddy, I am a flying saucer-n"
Kre C- Oh, yes- to me it xag--
79- without spelling it out -
Mas a- Without apolling it out, yes, dofinitely. All I, - 1f you vanna be-
I asan, very scientiflo, and averything, you alraya haro to leave roor for doubt,
I mean -- It was something, in ay knowledgo, that does not fly -- Is not, you knox,
as fat as publio bronledge gaes, it was not a holleoptor, it vas not su alrplane,
It was not & b1lmp, it was not anything the average pareon kons that l11es. I zean,
If you could prove to me that thero s somethbartKe an experimental- yhich there
-i not than 2000
very rethanigatiaaziz likaly nay bo; uh — going on, and this la thoto exporimental
thing, they sure didn't want anybody to know bout their expertment, that's all I
car say, beasuso as I say,
this: thing was -- they did averything so you really
ahouldn't pick it out of the sky - uh, that I sould allow for. But thia was not
an airplane, vas not a holicoptor, vas not a bilap, was not not a swamp grass, or
gas arubstorar It 1a, 1t wasn't air pollution, or anything else, you inor, 1ike that.
I3 - Start that again.
ed.
MI G- Four or livo years ago at long Lako, Hairo, no vora cemptag
and, ul!,
va, tao malatains beyond varo maybe tro or thras
bundred foet bigh and we vers sitting on the beach front, um, with a- clear vies
of the lake, and aither side was bounded by sery very think pines, extanding maybe
Exuax at an angle from your eyesight to the limit of the, uh, pines on sither
and maybe half as wide.
It yes the brightest light I'd sver soon.
It waB about se
Karatinar

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 2851, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
liko
alto st xxxbiteklix an nostylone torch, that brightness, and I ostimated It
went the 90 degrees of are in a second
or less, oxtramaly feet, and large,
sort of elongatad. and, uh, it vas in front of the hills, so it vaz over the
In diameter, if it vare a half mile away,
and, uh, mayoo treviing from troo
thousand too 2800 miles an bout.
But that ne somsthing that wasn't a plane-
It want far too fast for a plane, it was much too bright a light, It could only
have beer an minow, a UFo.
IB - Had you considered the possibility of a fireball meteor!
Mr O- I'd thought of that, but this traveled - It was no lon, uh, over the
lake, meybe a hundrod over the lake,
and traveling so parfectly parallol, that, uh,
it was extremely unlikely, in my mind, that it was
Mrs C- I was thinking about mix you
Mr C - I wao-- it wae - (over above)
ra i - Hero, you see, you got a big light, you're lcoking haro, and you'ro
looking up there--
Mr G- You could sao it againet the background of the--
TB - But you didn't see it?
Hes O- I didn't see it, no, thet's how fast it must have baen, cause I Looked
(laughing) and it was go-
you cat.
IB - 18 there any was you cari, ily establish the date more precisely, cause 1f
there vee emeteor flyover that night, ws could/ ast cheok records and probably find
other reports.
Mrs û - What yoar dia we go there!
TB - Has it efter this incident out in Long Island, in '56i (Ibo Berlos of
sightings, in late Gotober, 1965, that war responsible for groueing the Olappe!
interest in the subjoct of UFOs--TB)
- weit a minuto--
Mr O- Oh, no, it must have beer
inis was before we got the volkaragon, ween't it! No, afterm
KrE O - I don't remember--
In & - lie got the Volkswagon in 65, and-- It right have been 1960 that we want
up there.
Kre. O - Long Lake, nox which one was long Lake?
NE G- Kaina--
re 4 - on, Long
For ü - Could you look it up in the elbur?
Mrs i- lesh, biogale built for two. Do ne here any pictures of that? You
CEn
judgo by the age of the kido.
Deughter - Ne wont to Colorado i= '66.
Mrs O- But wo want up north, before that, ther..
He wade so many trips up to
the
• north - I remember Long Lake le when is went to those bloycles bullt ior tro,
and I struggled with then...
(Io out this short, it was determlned that they had spent the first wook of
July, 1965, up on Prinos Edward Inland, "July 4th weekend," and came south to long
Lake, Maize, ebout the gscond wook in July, 1966-IB.)
(The next section ie Mre O'a description of the goone in the rug store, prior
to her last vion--the possible spurious eighting-- of the object; it 18 amusing,
but addo little date to the report.
"To Slaannen are sittin' there like globe,
ra know, just sittin' thero..."
It establiches that she spant about five minuter
in the store, before she came back outeide. She had put the object out of hor mind,
at this point.)

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 2775, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-t.
10
Sylvis - Did you forget about it while you hers in the store? Did you forget
about the object?
Mre C- Lash --
Sylvia - You put It out of your mind, so that you--
Mrs O- Yeah, cause I figured I wanted to got rid of this-- hunk of carpet, and
everything also, I'vo no zore interest in this store because, ș8 1 3aj, early in
the efternoon wo rand up we went to another storo and ordered this carpeting (Indioater
the ner carpet they just finished laying in the living room).
Sylvia - Iber you disposed of the sample and you walked out of the carpet store--
Mrs 3- Then I --
Sylila - that was the first thing you did?
ira C- Looked up in the sky (laughing) and i eald the dawn thing's still thers,
but it was further away again, the light.
Sylvia - at that polat it vas further eway.
lirs C - Further away.
IB - it that point can you be sure you weren't seeing Venus?
ars 3- No, I couldn't
be auro, i couldr'" be positive, i near i here to so honest-
IB - I'= not even sure Venus was an evaning star at that point--it may have been «
marning I*xI%, but this can ja chacked --
Sylvia - What day of the weak was it?
Vra O- Honday. I'hat I inow, caude it was the holiday.
That ends the recorded siaterents.
Some of inde ans clarified later, as we drave
ofer the route tha Olappe took on the way to tha goram Rug loris on Dotober 9, 1972,
somenhere botreen 7:30 and 8 polo (the sighting ocourred closer to 8 pou.--I3Ç.
I
had a map with me during the ries and carafully markad off the following points:
1.
The point at which they firat san the light, ahead and sliähtly north of
asst, along Route 25 (Middle County Road, and exteneion of Jariaho Turnpika), about
two miles east of Contareach, doi.
2. The point where the light appeared to bs approaching, or galting larger.
4. - The point when ire a chrat baerved the red, then green, lighte..
The point where they lost the object, betroan Seldon and Coram, as they
anconded the amall hill between thooe two very anall barlets.
Ihe point at the top o? the 31ll wher the objeat suddenly reappeared over
the trees lining the left of the road, and crossed foute 25 at a narron angle in the
direation toward the wast southwest, and whore they stopped the car, and tro 9 got
out to watch.
5. And the point at the forum fug works, when they lact saw the 11zht.
On the hilltop, the north side of Route 25 is filled with largo traes, aná a 191
bandoned cabins; the south side of the hi myay is lined with telephono poles, an
is wide open, with fiulda extending o?? into the distance, It la sparsely settled,
mtil you got down to the lout of the hill, a quarter of a milo away, toward the Corar
crossroads, where there are a nuaber of housea and commercial establiatments.
(Joe map for nara dotalla.)
XXXXXXXX
Tranacribed 11/19-20/72

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 265, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
No. 3
Brians
- OBJECT AS IT WAS LEAVING FLYING VERT
- SLOSET FRAN EAST NE TO WEST SIM.
-BEEP APPEALER APPRECIATE
HELD AT ARMS LENITE I HEN DIRECTLY OUELUET.-
SPEED APPETITON TO BE 3FTOPARE AT REMI NOVATE
IN SIX SECONOS..
WHAT
SAW STANDING
CONSIDE CAR AT 7:55 PM;
-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 1787, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
we =

I ~~ a fee pane ———
~~ ee,
“sis

—<
a
~ - javrew = — _ - _w -* —— Saamiend = me ~ . od on -
- ems — — “t Cd tl er - ee er tte, —_— eee er ae wy tee a ere ete FR stems ated —T oe er ae re were en ee ee ae me’ ——~ we
—_ es — - * le - - ~ - —- —_ al . Sd - * —- wh ane ee —ee
te —_ + [aol - ~- -_ - - * 7 ~”- —-— a oe ~~ 2
-_-_ er Sd ~~ —— -— » ~~ ww _ = _— ae mae —_— eee ah Oe -_ o - r * - -_ — —a - 1 ta — ee re ee
'
—— i Ne eR em eee oe ——- — ee ee ate le Rin Stee aie ec Sire tte Nepal eet tsa ooallimemnanl rt oe ee ee re re ee re
5 t
ts rete rn ee ert eerie dee ae a ee eee ee ee er ar et eet A i A A he reg tne al melee lS ele hr dw _ pee ahh rw — ep ef te EE LT TY
ee i - ee ey eet —_ ee eee mn ee — ee et tte ert te Se Ae lin altel terre tee, ae SE lt ey ieee ——_ ——— —_ ~~ eee ee —— eee, etree elitr tere tire ta —
— eel re we ed —_ . ~~ ae —_ ie ptr ge rrr ee rr A ore eed —_—r ee ee ee OR eee —e ~
Sa -_ ~~ * -” ” - ~- — ees te ee ret Erte te Ch eal _ cae eee *
~~. — ~_ en wom = - ie _ — a ee ee ee ee te ~ - —— * —_— ee ee —— a oe oer te
_~ - ~ -” ~~. > “= - Ae rt tet tet ~ — =e — aww -_- ~~
nis GS ~~ = f ~~ a - c- “ . - wow Sd .. re ~ — Ae ter fee
ne eee OGD gs LEM AG . he “4 w// ,
+ _ —_ ~ —— _~ ee
ko
Car afl anol ny. a
—— eee ri ee te rer oe

eis a merrier ee ee ote ten Renee ~—m

— ree

'
— — 4 ern B-. d _— -- S32 ee ee ~ Oe ee i re ee eee —- aoe ~ eee eee ene
> ‘ 4

ee er el re etter ries se

a ee See ee frre ee ee ee ee ere
a tre rete tr ——— eter ns - =e —_— ee lee elite ——peegeiejqete pee owe eel per ewe geile —— ee gt le he oie S reer dep oe ek ee ee ee eee

— — ee Re ee CO ee See | is ae he mt ee ee er ee ee ee ee

me nn geri trepprereeriiee at nT, -~ a Geert Ethel hit—Y  Rti ah i EP I te Ae hh hc | nT Papen. pets Sm

i ee

T ALMOST 2u CTL: rob
