{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T08:44:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 412572, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125686-bancroft-estate-tamworth-staffordshire-december-12-1997-boomerang-sighting-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "d00250bbe89b23728545db9e0241d8682c2785fabaabde65f5f607adf66cccb6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3102, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SILENT RUNNING
Sighting of the flying V on the 12.12.1997 at 6.45 pm. moving slowly in an
easterly direction sighted over the Bancroft estate Tamworth, Staffordshire.
Kevin J. Pratt
I was returning home with my children when I noticed three lights in the sky,
one red & one blue with a central white strobe, I recognised the combination as
aircraft lights; however the craft was totally silent hovering at an altitude of
about four to five hundred feet, low in the sky and well below cloud level.
Slowly and silently the craft moved toward us, it was quite dark by now and the
only thing clearly visible were the three lights suspended in the evening sky.
As the craft moved closer I could just make out a dark V silhouette to which
the lights were fixed, this light configuration verified my first thought's of a kind of aircraft, however,
when the craft was directly overhead I noticed the unusual design only visible when the bright central
strobe light flashed across its single V shaped matt black wings which had the
appearance of velvet, I strained to listen out for any give away sound from the
massive object approximately the span of a 747 commercial airplane, but it
was eerily silent. The craft slowly carried on its flight path toward the east.
The aircraft was definitely man made though unusual in construction, it was
far too large to be a hang glider and it did not have anything slung below it that
I could see as the underside was periodically lit up by the bright pulsating cen-
tral strobe. Such lighting is of a standard layout for aircraft commercial or military for the purpose of warn-
ing other air traffic in the vicinity.
I am fully acquainted with the local air traffic flight patterns in the area and
it gets particularly busy over Tamworth mainly due to commercial airplanes
arriving and departing the east midlands airport a few miles to the north of the
Bancroft estate and Birmingham International
airport to the south of the estate whilst the
military flight path usually lies to and from
the west and east bordering Tamworth, the
flying V cut directly over the estate toward
the east, so I assume that this must be yet one more military stealth type
airplane with silent running capabilities, which is not really new technology.
Kevin J. Pratt
Addendum:
I don't know if any of your readers will remember a particular episode of Tomorrows World in the 70's -
1980's but I took particular interest in a British invention of a silent motor which was demonstrated in the
studio, when the device was switched on there was not a single sound only the vibrating engine gave a visi-
ble indication that the engine was running. The device works by using the engines own exhaust noise
played back at the same pitch and frequency which effectively cancelled out any noticeable sound audible to
the human ear, the device was invented to reduce noise pollution particularly in industry, however, if you
pardon the pun; I have not heard of the device since, perhaps the military saw a better purpose for the device.
I have since heard of a similar experiment with light waves.
63
