{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T06:32:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1158269, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125788-colin-saunders-triangle-sighting-march-31-1999-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "f08d4ad8c3f7fea5d424974b5b0f1640b240c6c7e72cf71baf975bbbcbdc8162"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 579, "chars": 3264, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Close encounter with an FT
In 1999 my family and I had a close encounter with a Flying Triangle, since that experience I have
done much reading and research into the subject of UFO's. This document is my personal observations
and theories about the enigmatic FT, this is how it all began.
31st March 1999, we had been out for a bar meal to a small village called Pailton in the Warwickshire
countryside. There were four of us in the car that night, at approximately 9.30 pm we left the White
Lion public house and headed home. We turned onto the Fosse Way near the village of Monks Kirby
and immediately noticed some bright lights ahead of us. The lights were ½ mile away and just off the
road to the left. The lights appeared as deep red, like a Rose red with a bit of white mingled in.
We drove down parallel to the lights which I now estimate as being only 100 feet away! We had slowed
right down by this point. I stared at the four lights which were in a row, but not level with the ground, I
would say they were tilted at approx. 25% to the horizon. I stared into the light on the far left, this light
was the highest side of the tilt with the far right light being the anchor point for the 25% angle. It was
at this moment I also noticed a fifth smaller spurious light off to the left hand side (Pic.1).
GOOD
Pic. 1
Pic.2
Pic.3
Pic.4
As I stared into the end light I could see a criss cross of lines a bit like a traffic light lens (Pic.2), it
seemed to pulse very rapidly in a digital fashion, i.e. on off not up and down. As I was looking at this
light and then the lights in general I noticed a shape start to appear around them, the edges looked like
the sky was rippling but they and the body, I believe, were transparent at that time (Pic.3). I could see
the shape of a diamond around the lights, you needed a keen eye to make out this shape as you could
see the sky through it. As soon as I had realised there was an object there it tilted slowly upwards in a
most peculiar fashion, like an airship or submarine, the object was now solid and fully materialised in a
triangular shape. The tilt was not from the centre of the craft but from the rear, i.e. the rear end stayed
where it was and the nose rose in the air (Pic.4). It was so low that if it had pivoted from the centre of
the craft the rear would have struck the ground! I noticed the surface looked to be alive, it was like a
lake of dark grey liquid similar to Mercury, the liquid although tilted quite steeply looked as though it
had waves running up and down the surface, like ripples on a lake in a breeze. On top of this "lake"
were silver lines running up and down the surface, they were like box sections raised off the surface
which interlocked like an old fashioned maze (Pic.5 & 6)
Pic.5
Pic.6
I could see how the crafts top and bottom surfaces joined to a lighter central core, like a sandwich. No
nuts and bolts, rivets or welding seams visible. There were no apertures, no antennas or protrusions of
any kind. It was immediately obvious to me this was not an earthly object.
I was shouting stop, stop, let me out (1 wanted to get even closer!) but the driver pulled slightly
forward to enable her to reverse into a gateway off the main road. The result of this was that a large

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 2743, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hedge momentarily blocked our view of the craft. I thought to myself "if it's going to clear off now
would be a good time" and sure enough it did!
We got out of the car and it was gone. We could see a large craft in the distance with strange red lights
at the rear, it seemed enormous to me with a huge wingspan, at the end of each wing was a steady
white light shining up along the top surface. It was very, very quite as we stood there, no smells of any
fuel having been burnt. During the incident we never heard a single noise from the craft which was the
size of a house hovering by the car. As we stood there traffic started to come up and down the road for
the first time, no one else was involved. We checked our watches in case there had been any missing
time, it was 9.50pm so that was ruled out.
The next day was April fools da but this did not deter me from telling everyone I met about the UFO
we had seen. I phoned the late,
Xat the UFO magazine who put me in touch with X
the respected Flying Triangle investigator. Having spoken to Omar we wrote our witness
reports and sent drawings of the craft to him before he sent through copies of "The Flying Triangle". To
my great surprise there was a report of a Triangle from Stockis in Belgium from 1993 which clearly
showed the same lines in relief on the bottom of the craft (Pic.7). Surely this was the same or similar
series of craft? The coincidence was too great for me so I reproduced the bottom drawing of the craft
(Pic.8) and used the Belgium sighting along with my own sighting of the rear and top to produce a
scale model of the craft, complete with flashing lights. I could not understand the diamond shape that I
had seen and instinctively built the model with a flat bottom (Pic.9).
LL
Pic.7
Pic.8
Pic.9
I gained quite a lot of information from this model, the first and most enlightening observation was that
when you look at the rear of the craft and tip the nose down you end up with a silhouette of a diamond!
(Pic.10) this would explain picture No. 3 above, the spurious small light in fact being the light
underneath the nose at the front of the craft. I have referred to lights but they were not lights per sae,
they did not emit light to the ground. The colour shown on the drawings is primary red but from ½ mile
away they appeared deep rose red, I do not believe they changed colour but more likely the colour
varied with the focal point distance. The lines on the surface of the lights could have been generated
from the light source itself, something along the lines of Newton's law of ring interference? I have seen
a similar effect myself with a laser pen. Once the craft had disappeared there was no degradation left in
the eyes, perfect vision.
Pic. 10

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2341, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The next obvious conclusion was why the triangle appears as different geometric shapes to different
people, I believe our triangle was equilateral, however this depends on the aspect you are looking from
at the time (Pic.11).
Pic. 11 photo John Hanson
I have wondered about the lines in relief on the surface of the triangle and their possible purpose, they
do not appear to be aerodynamic but we are not dealing with a conventional craft behaving to our
known laws of physics. Although the crafts surface was "shimmering" like liquid mercury, the solid
lines on top displayed no distortion at all. This would rule out the effect of heat or electromagnetic
distortion. You can see that the pattern I have shown varies between my first drawing and the model,
this is because I cannot recall the exact configuration, however the quantity and layout appears in the
correct ratio as in Pic.5. One theory that came to me was that these raised lines could be used for
docking to a larger ship (I now believe the large craft we saw in the distance was a mother ship that the
smaller craft returned to). This possible docking technique may be confirmed by an article I read in
Omar Fowlers journal of March/April 2002. A sighting was made near Titsey, Surrey by a Mr Herbert
who stated he saw a large triangle about 200 yards wide and underneath he could see smaller objects
attached (Pic.12). The only problem I have with this theory is what are the raised lines underneath the
craft (Pic.7 & 8) used for? Maybe smaller triangles sometimes dock together?
waves of light or heat on
this side
un
19.
waves of heat, similar to heat rising off
a hot road in summer
Pic. 12 Mr Herbert's drawing courtesy Omar Fowler
The years since the encounter have been very interesting for me, I have given several presentations to
different groups as well as appearing on television a couple of times with my model. The result of this
is that many people have come forward to tell me of their own experiences, ordinary people who are
not involved in the UFO world. I have also been encouraged by a 99.9% acceptance of our experience
by everyone I have spoken to. Building the model helped me to understand and to come to terms with
our own close encounter, others have been through the same experience and below is a couple of
examples of other peoples handy work.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 918, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pic. 13 Bonsall Moor, Derbyshire
Pic. 14 Model maker Jean-Marie Van der Hoop, Belgium
And finally when is a triangle not a triangle, when it's a flying saucer! Yes believe it
or not the last picture for your consideration is a front end shot of my triangular model
(Pic.15)
Pic. 15 photo John Hanson
Conclusion. I have spent over 30 years being a trained observer of electro mechanical
installations and transferring these images into legible technical drawings. I have been
involved with many projects worldwide and notably several years spent in the aircraft
industry, I have received praise on the clarity and accuracy of my drawings on more
than one occasion. I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that this craft was of
extraterrestrial or inter-dimensional origin, but most likely both of these scenarios
together. What you see here is an accurate scale model of a true alien spacecraft
witnessed at first hand.
