{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T04:32:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 302278, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125790-lake-movil-mn-august-1962-the-apro-bulletin-article.pdf", "source_sha256": "65ae0b970c2cf2e056f588f14e539ccd20ea920bb1340c993ad5a184fc6b04a6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 864, "chars": 5023, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"PAGE 6
Okinawa
(Continued from Page One)
The object, which Shifflet said was
the magnitude of th
rightest planet" was visible for approxi
lately one minute and was seen also b
light 985 of KLM Royal Dutch Airline
At about the same time that the TWA
ighting was made, two photos wer
taken by a Correspondenc
Course senior high school student at
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
the company of about 40 classmates, who
also saw the object. The Japanese news-
Shinbun reported that the object made its
appearance at 8:30 p.m. (Japanese time)
in the form of a yellowish white belt of
light. When the students spotted it they
thought it was an airplane on fire, then
someone yelled that it was a "flying
saucer". Asanuma heard the commotion,
his camera (Cannon 50
Standard, Film SS) and clicked the shut-
ter twice. Then he left the lens open for 5
or 6 seconds. The object finally disap-
peared into the cloud about two minutes
When the film was developed the first
two shots showed nothing but the third
an elongated, crescent-
This report was forwarded by Jun'
Ichi' Takanashi, APRO's Representative
for Japan. He has learned that other
photos were taken on Okinawa and Japan
(Fukushima Ken and Morioka City, etc.)
which are similar to those taken by
Asanuma. Mr. Takanashi is attempting to
obtain negatives and any further informa-
tion gained will be published at a later
The 1962 Occupants Case
The National Enquirer recently carried
the account of X
XXXXXX and
MIs. X*XXXXX
XXn of Grand Forks,
North Dakota, who had an unusual exper-
ience while vacationing at their cabin on
Lake Movil in northern Minnesota. Mrs.
XXXXXXontacted XXXXXX
Xs and
asked her cooperation in doing an artistic
rendering of
what they had seen. Mrs.
XXXXX› and her mother were most
cooperative, and the drawing above by
Staff Artist XXXXXXs represents what
they observed.
The exact date cannot be recalled but
- an August night in 1962 when Mrs.
was
doing
her daughter
XXXXs hair. XXXX's younger brother,
bed. Suddenly XXXX
became aware of an: odd object outside,
and both of the women• stared out the
window at a red glowing object which
was hovering over the boat dock 50 feet
from the cabin. The light from the object
made the green painted boat dock appear
brownish in color and the water a green-
ish-black. The side of the object toward
the cabin had three windows which were
lit up by a yellowish light and in two of
the windows the women could see the
silhouettes of three man-shaped beings.
The object was hovering over the near
end of the dock and appeared to be 8 feet
high and 35 feet wide.
Both of the women felt that the
"men" were watching them and after a
few minutes of observation, Mrs. XXX
XX switched off the lights in the cabin,
whereupon the lights on the object im-
mediately went out. MIs. XXXXX then
had an irresistible impulse to approach
the object and threw open the door and
started running down to the boat dock
while her daughter, almost hysterical,
screamed for her to come back. When
MIS. XXXXX was nailway to the dock
the object lifted siowly in the air, then
moved off at an angle and was gone as
suddenly as it had arrived.
The object, when first seen, seemed to
appear out of nowhere. When it extin-
guished its lights when MIs. XXXXX
turned off the cabin's lights, it was a dark
biob over the dock so it may be assumed
that the object could have been there for
some time prior to Mrs. XXXXX first
glimpse of it, and it was called to her
attention by the lights being turned on.
Mrs. XXXXX› aiso deseribed an inci-
•
SEPTEMBER-OCTOBER 1972
BARES 72
dent which had taken place three weeks
prior to the "occupant" sighting. She, her
mother and father (Mr. and Mrs. XXXX)
XXXXX1) and brothers XXX>and
X
and the family dog Zipper were drivin
about 125 miles from their home to the
cabin. When they were about 12 miles
out of the town of Bagley the dog began
to growl and XXXXXX spotted a
large, green luminous object which ap-
peared to be approaching them on a
parallel course.
MI. AXXXX said the object wasn't
going very fast and he slowed the car and
the object passed them. It was approxi-
70 away from their car and
appeared to be about the height of a
two-story building. It appeared as a long
oval, yellowish-green in color and with a
haze or fog around it.
After the object passed thexXXXX
car XXXX and XXX watched it out of
the rear window until it had passed out of
sight. Duane said that they could see the
thing hovering over a bare patch of land
for a while, then it moved over a wooded
area, made a half-circular maneuver and
disappeared into the woods.
They con-
tinued to watch but the object was not
seen again.
Inquiries indicate that the XXXXX
are highly respected in their city and by
friends and business acquaintances.
The above two cases are examples of
the types of cases which may be lyir
dormant due to the disinterest and rid.
cule of the past. Since the June 24th
article about APRO in the New York
Times APRO has received several very
interesting cases which are currently
under investigation.
