{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T01:35:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2227720, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125760-hudson-valley-boomerang-article.pdf", "source_sha256": "375435daf5a8b612761068bc88b705be0c17d3b379cb2cc04474bb07179200ea"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 500, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STAR SHIELD and the Legacy of Ronald Reagan
ByX
(WORLD EXCLUSIVE)
Hudson Valley Boomerang revisited
(Illustration by John MacNeill)
Between 1983 and 1989 over 25,000 eyewitnesses reported seeing a large black flying "V"
or boomerang shaped craft over the Hudson Valley NY area. The strange craft was also reported
over Connecticut, New Jersey, and Massachusetts. The mysterious object was seen by airline
pilots, computer programmers, air traffic controllers, police officers, lawyers, teachers, and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1520, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
businessmen. Essentially, people from all walks of life were eyewitnesses to an extraordinary
series of sightings. Many people reported a flying wing shaped craft that flew silently, and which
measured between 300, and 900 feet across. In addition, eyewitness reports indicated that the
craft had multi-colored flashing white, red, and green lights on its bottom surface. Those that
were directly below the craft as it flew overhead described its bottom surface as looking like
multiple "tubes, pipes, and cylinders". Others described it as an "inverted Midas Muffler shop"
(see illustration by John MacNeill below).
Ground breaking research by late researcher and aviation expert X
›has
identified another startling characteristic of this amazing craft. Multiple eyewitnesses reported
seeing "transparent panels" on its bottom surface. Those viewing the craft from directly below
stated that they could see through these panels, and could clearly identity what looked like
"steel/structural girder and cross-beams....like a truss bridge". Would an alien spacecraft exhibit
such characteristics? (see opening illustration to this report). One of the earliest reports of a "V"
or boomerang shaped craft occurred on the night of December 31, 1982 (five minutes before the
New Year). Residents of Kent Cliffs NY, observed a strange object which was seen to glide
silently over their homes. Traffic on nearby Interstate 84 came to a screeching halt as an object
the size of a football field slowly drifted over the highway.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2093, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One such individual who got a very close look at the craft was IBM program manage >
(resident of Yorktown heights).
s was driving north on the Teconic freeway on
March 24, 1983 when he spotted a formation of lights off to his right. The lights came directly
over his vehicle, and then he noticed a huge chevron shaped craft which was moving very slowly
without any sound. When he reached the Millwood area, he noticed that 12 cars had pulled off to
the side of the road. It was at this point that he saw a gigantic triangular shaped craft which had
lights running all around it. Burns commented: "If there is such thing as a flying city, this was a
flying city. It was not a small craft. It was huge".
. Due to his credibility and experience handling
overseas accounts for IBM, his solid testimony was never challenged by skeptics or debunkers.
In addition, as reported in the Manchester NH Union Ledger, multiple eyewitnesses reported a
strange flying craft on October 31 st
', 1983. One such individual
(of Dover), stated
that she saw a silent triangular flying craft around 9:00 PM while returning home. Ms. Dube
stated that the craft did not fly like a conventional aircraft, but appeared to hover, and change
direction rapidly.
On the night of May 26, 1988 the mysterious boomerang shaped craft made another
appearance. This time however, it was over the state on Connecticut. Along Interstate 84,
hundreds of people contacted local and state police to report a huge object with high intensity
lights flying low over the towns of Newton and Southbury. One eyewitness who saw mysterious
lights was commercial airline pilot
g.
X saw the lights from his home around
9:45 PM. He motioned that there were eight different colored lights that were flying close
together without a sound. Using a pair of 7X35 binoculars, he was able to determine that the
lights were absolutely connected to one large object. While observing the craft from his home
near I-84, dozens of people pulled over to view the craft as it passed overhead
Indian Point nuclear power plant sighting Illustration by Wes Crum

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1587, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By far, the most significant sighting associated with the Hudson Valley UFO was the
incredible event which took place on the night of July 24, 1984 at the Indian Point nuclear power
plant (38 miles north of downtown NY City). Around 10:15 PM, at least 11 NY state authority
security guards saw a giant UFO which hovered silently above reactor number three for fifteen
minutes. Of course, this violated many FAA regulations due to the fact that the airspace over the
reactor is restricted. According to the security guards, the craft measured approximately 900 feet
across, and featured a mass of lights on the back side. One guard who was interviewed after the
event stated: "we were all standing there with our mouths open". The craft eventually shut down
the entire plant's security and alarm system. However, one security guard who was on duty that
night was successful in operating a remote camera and captured the entire event on film before
everything went off-line. This specific guard commented that due to the immense size of the
craft, he had to "pan the camera a full 180 degrees to get the entire UFO in view". Unfortunately,
that video tape was confiscated by government officials, and was never seen by the general
public or UFO investigators. Coincidentally, the Brookfield police department was swamped
with over 75 calls from concerned citizens who saw strange lights in the sky on the very same
night as the Indian Point sighting.
MIDCOURSE
PHASE
EARLY
MIDCOURSE
PHASE
SBI
ICBM
=0Om
SLBM
USSR
CONUS
DEFENSE
ALLIED
DEFENSE
Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative proposal

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 514, "chars": 3419, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
What was it that
‹ saw on the night of March 24, 1983 over the Teconic freeway? In
addition, what was it that the 11 security guards witnessed hovering over the Indian Point nuclear
reactor on July 24, 1984? Was it a TOP SECRET man made experimental craft, or was it
something extraterrestrial in origin? Ground breaking research by classified aircraft historian
Joseph Jones MAY provide the name of the contractor who built the craft, and explain SOME of
the sightings associated with the Hudson Valley boomerang. On March 23, 1983 President
Ronald Reagan outlined his plan for a defensive system which would protect the United States
against an attack by intercontinental ballistic missiles. Commonly referred to as the Strategic
Defense Initiative (SDI) or "STAR WARS'" by the media, this "vision of the future" was
designed to offer a "new hope" for America. The long term proposal specifically employed
multiple technologies such as: ground based chemical lasers, airborne lasers, spaced based
particle beam accelerators, rail guns/"brilliant pebbles", and rapid response anti-missile systems.
Collectively, these technologies were designed to over-lap each other, providing for a "fail safe"
system which would protect the country. However, by the late 1980's, SDI was deemed "too
expensive" and "too technologically advanced" for the deployment of a practical integrated
system. Was this simply a cover story cleverly designed to influence the media into thinking that
"SDI was a failure"? Curiously, Reagan's "STAR WARS" speech which he delivered to the
American people on the night of March 23, 1983, came less than 24 hours before a massive
sighting of a giant boomerang shaped craft on the night of March 24** near Millwood NY. Was
this just a coincidence, or was Reagan "briefed" on a new research and development program
which had already initiated early test flights?
During the March 24"* 1983 sightings, multiple eyewitnesses reported seeing a 200 foot wide
boomerang shaped craft which carried a large compliment of red, white, green and blue lights.
One large amber light was centrally located on the craft. The strange object moved slowly, and
was reported to be virtually silent, or emitting a low "hum" (similar to that of an electrical
transformer). Some eyewitnesses stated that they were no more than 100 to 200 feet from the
object. According to the International UFO Reporter (July/August 1983), at least 100 residents,
including police officers sighted a large Boomerang or V-shaped object flying over Yorktown
NY on the night of March 24, 1983. On the same night in Mount Kisco NY, ten eyewitnesses
reported seeing a large colorful object hovering 500 feet above Rt. I-684. People slammed on
their brakes, and pulled off to the side of the road nearly causing multiple accidents. One
observer stated that when the craft flew directly over his car at an altitude of 300 feet, he could
see a pattern of red, blue, and white lights in a V-shaped pattern. In Mahope NY, hundreds of
people reported seeing a large boomerang shaped craft (estimated to be 150 feet across), that was
hovering over the Taconic highway. A police officer who was at the scene, stated that when he
got directly under the craft, he could hear a slight humming sound. In New Castle NY, a
boomerang shaped object the size of a 747 was seen hovering over a nearby field for two
minutes before it departed towards Yorktown.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1175, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Did President Reagan know more about SDI than he ever revealed to the public?
Near the end of his second term in office, Reagan already had two Strategic Arms Limitation
Treaty (START) summits with Soviet General Gorbachev. One in Geneva Switzerland on
November 19, 1985. The other took place in Reykjavik, Iceland on October 11, 1986. However,
both of these summit meetings failed to accomplish a long term arms reduction plan. This was
largely due to the fact that SDI was something Reagan considered very dear to his heart. In fact,
his SDI proposal was essentially his "crusade"
', and something he was unwilling to "budge" on
during talks with General Mikhail Gorbachev. However, on December 8* 1987, a breakthrough
was made at the White House, and an official START treaty was finally signed during Reagan's
summit meeting in Washington DC. Why had the two previous attempts "failed"? Did Reagan
feel confident that he now possessed an "ace in the hole" technology which was already "field
tested"? Indeed, as Aviation Week and Space Technology highlighted in their December 24,
1990 issue: "Eight years of the Reagan administration were very good to the black world".

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1597, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JP Aerospace "Orbital Ascender"
From the breakthrough efforts by stealth aircraft researcher Joseph Jones, we now can identify a
possible aerospace contractor that was involved in the construction of at least SOME of the
aircraft associated with the Hudson Valley sightings. According to Jones, the term "STAR
SHIELD" was the actual designation for the SDI program, and not the fanciful "STAR WARS"
term adopted by the media. The internal codename for this program was called "Brilliant
Buzzard" aka "ASTRA" or airborne surveillance and tracking. This program dealt with setting
up an electro-magnetic "shield" around the United States thereby effectively creating an "iron
dome".
'. This would be accomplished by building gigantic boomerang shaped flying wing craft
which could loiter over American cities. By "linking" the aircraft together, these craft would
form a protective electromagnetic "umbrella" over the continental United States (something
Nikola Tesla proposed over 100 years ago). This "shield" would render enemy ICBM's
ineffective and ultimately obsolete. In addition, directed energy weapons on-board the craft
could also be used as an effective defensive deterrence. This system also allowed for real-time
tracking of enemy targets as well as covert surveillance missions. According to Jones, the
primary contractor was Boeing, with JP Aerospace retained as a possible sub-contractor. JP
Aerospace has been in the business of designing Lighter Than Air (LTA) vehicles for over 31
years. In fact, their website makes the bold claim that they are "America's other space program".

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1518, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Orbital Ascender Primary System
Airlock
Outer Shell Fabric
Inflated Access Tunnel
Hatch Access Tunne
Crew Module
Engine Array
Solne Aru
Hydrogen Cell
. Projected Energy Drag Reduction for Nose and Wing Tip
. Weak Plasma Hypersonic Boundary Layer Control (Entire Leading Edgi
o. nin rum nan chect rower necid!
D. engine riasma tap tor mnu seed source
F. Magnetic Nozzle/Faraday MHD Power Generation
h. inin rim solar cels
Rib Air Bear
Carbon Leading Edge
Liting Cell
Lead Edge Air Bear
Note the shape and configuration of their "Orbital Ascender". In fact, this design looks
virtually identical to the gigantic "V" shaped craft known as the "Phoenix Lights" of March 13"h
1997. In addition, according to Jones, the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency
(DARPA) issued a contract in 1983 to develop a radical material known as "SEAGEL".
Incredibly, SEAGEL is 95% lighter than Styrofoam. Used as the primary building material for a
large flying triangle or boomerang shaped craft, SEAGEL gives designers the capability to
construct truly remarkable aircraft measuring over one mile across (identical to eyewitness
reports). The outward configuration of the "Orbital Ascender" closely matches the description of
a craft seen by Charles Acocella as recorded in the Hartford CT. Courant local newspaper (Aug
16, 1984). On the night of July 12, 1984 Mr. Acocella witnessed a huge boomerang-shaped
object the size of a football-field, moving across the sky. The strange craft had multi-colored red,
yellow and blue lights.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1380, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In an attempt to "explain away" the sightings, government officials claimed that the lights
people were seeing at night were the result of a crack-pot group of ultralight pilots flying in
formation, based out of Stormville airport. This theory is categorically incorrect for the following
reasons: 1) Ultralights are prohibited to fly after sunset. 2) Ultralights make a tremendous
amount of noise (witnesses reported that the Hudson Valley Boomerang was virtually silent). 3)
No pilots were ever arrested or apprehended in connection with the sightings. 4) Ultralights can't
hover in a non head-wind condition. 4) Ultralights are prohibited from flying over nuclear power
plants. 5) Ultralights cannot carry the necessary power-source needed to account for the intense
beams of lights and multiple lighting patterns reported by the eyewitnesses. 6) Flying ultralights
in close formation at night without anti-collision lighting would be far too dangerous for even the
most experienced pilot. 7) Some sightings occurred during strong sustained winds of more than
35 mph, making precision ultralight formation flying virtually impossible. 8) According to the
FAA, aircraft flying over populated areas are required to fly no less than 1,000 feet from any
person or object. However, the Hudson Valley Boomerang was reported by multiple
eyewitnesses to be flying at "tree top" level.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1799, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Henry H. Wells Middle School)
In a desperate effort to provide some type of answers to the multiple sightings, local UFO
investigators put on a "town hall" style meeting at the Henry H. Wells middle School in
Brewster NY on August 25, 1984. Anyone who had witnessed the strange craft was invited to
attend, and make their voices heard. Organized by researchers Peter Gersten, and Phil Imbrogno,
the meeting was ultimately sponsored by the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS), under the
direction of Northwestern University astronomer Dr J. Allen Hynek. Over 1,200 people attended
the 12 hour Saturday meeting, making it the largest UFO related conference of all time. By the
time the conference began, the auditorium had become completely filled up, forcing others onto
the nearby lawn. Over 50 reporters and photographers attended the unprecedented all day event.
During the conference, photos and video tapes were shown depicting sightings which recently
occurred in the area as well as a question and answer session. One key eyewitness, who was
present, was
* of Brewster NY, who saw a strange flying craft on the night of March
17, 1983. According to Sant, the craft was brightly lit up, with a boomerang shape. The unknown
object was approximately 40 yards across, and was floating above a tractor-trailer truck on I-84
near his home. Many of the attendees of the conference reported seeing a solid object that can
hover silently, and suddenly speed off. Another key individual who attended the event was X
| (meteorologist for the National Weayther Corporation at Westchester airport). According to
he saw the UFO on March 24, 1983, while driving along the Teconic Parkway in New
York. "I've been around aircraft all of my life, and I can honestly say I've never seen anything
like it" said Hele.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1656, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By examining the evidence, it is clear that SOME of the craft associated with the Hudson
Valley Boomerang sightings are directly connected with a man-made technology. Reports of
seeing "steel girder and cross-beam construction" through transparent panels are generally
indicators of something built by the aerospace industry, and not something of extraterrestrial
origin. In addition, many significant sightings of the Hudson Valley boomerang occurred on
THURSDAY nights. Why would this be important? Aircraft researcher Tony Gonsalves explains
that when testing a new classified aircraft program, Monday's through Wednesday's are always
reserved for pre-flight. Thursday's are reserved for the actual test flight, and Friday's are
reserved for de-brief. Obviously, there would be no test flights during the weekend due to the
fact that no engineers or pilots work on Saturday's or Sunday's. Researchers of "black aircraft"
will recall the "air-quakes" which rattled Los Angeles back in the early 1990's. As reported in
Aviation Week and Space Technology (November 11, 1991), two unusually load sonic booms
were heard originating from San Diego to North Los Angeles on October 31 (a Thursday) around
6:30 AM. The "air-quakes" triggered 25 sensors from the U.S. Geologic survey, which
calculated that they were heading in the direction of Groom Lake at around Mach 3. It's
interesting to note that neither the Space Shuttle, nor the SR-71 was flying on the day of the
incident. In the sometimes treacherous field of Ufology, it's always best to exhaust every
possible terrestrial explanation before concluding that a sighting is extraterrestrial in origin.
