{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:27:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 907668, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125753-saskatchewan-canada-february-19-1968-ufo-article-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "960fbe144d41ceb7df8f6fdb2dbb390ee3e2641ad2c69cfdcc44b6c9143f2327"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 647, "chars": 3983, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CAPRO who has since set up his own UFO
esearch center, followed the case with par-
icular interest. Having compiled a full report
on it, he concluded with these remarks:
"Based on available information, it is diffi-
cuit to explain this sighting away as a result of
misidentification of a balloon or flare. It is
apparent there were no balloons in the vicin-
ity. There would appear to be a definite dif-
ference of opinion between the two witnesses
as regarding the speed of the main object.
Voorsluys felt that it was moving at least as
fast as 'a jet interceptor." Neal, who did not
compare its speed with a conventional object,
stated it moved from a point five degrees
above horizon to 10-15 degrees above horizon
in '3-5 minutes.'
"The duration of the sighting, as described
by both witnesses, would seem to rule out the
flare possibility. Both men are fairly conver-
sant with various types of aircraft and felt
that this hypothesis was also not applicable
to the sighting."
Among questions that may come to readers''
minds are: Why did the object seem to tavor
one particular spot over Victoria, and why
were the sightings apparently limited to the
two witnesses and others in their immediate
neighborhood?
The answer to the first must, as with so
many things concerning UFOs, be sheer guess-
work. But significantly the object seemed to
be almost directly over a new high voltage
transmitter near the Esquimalt navy base. This.
plus activity at the base itself, might have
made the area one of special attraction to the
object.
As to the second question, there was no way
of telling how many others saw the object
without reporting it, but there was at least
one other known witness whose qualifications
added immense weight to the report of the
other two. This was James R. McLean, a
commercial aircraft pilot, who said that while
flying over Victoria one night during the
period in question he saw a glowing object
he could not explain. His description of it
matched that of Voorsluys and Neal, though
at the time they were strangers to him.
McLean came forward when a local news-
paper carried a letter by Voorsluys seeking
other witnesses. He made himself known to
Voorsluys, not to the newspaper, thus elim-
inating any suggestion that his report might
have some publicity value.
There the case rests at the moment, but it
rests without the smallest clue to an answer.
The reports and photos of the witnesses re-
main completely unexplained. It is tar more
difficult to scoff at this case than to accept the
probability that something unknown to us
moved across the night sky of Victoria.
Aerial Visitor at Prairie Farm
One of the most active groups in Canada studying
the UFO mystery is the Saskatchewan Unidentified
Phenomena Research headed by XXXXXX and
XXXXXXXd, both of Regina. SUPR has gener-
ously turned over to us copies of all its investigation
reports which go back several years, and for pub
lication we have selected those we think are of par
ticular interest. The first, concerning a light that
trailed an aircraft approaching the Regina airport,
appeared in issue no. 3. The second follows, accom-
panied by MXXXXs drawing based on the witness'
description and a photo of the site.
NAME:
(Mrs.IXXXXXXgs, housewife,
30 years of age.
LOCATION:
5 miles W-NW of Bengough, Sask
80 miles SSW of Regina, Sask.
Canadian UFO Report
TIME, DATE:
11:50 a.m. - 12:10 p.m., Mon-
day, February 19, 1968.
WEATHER:
Partly overcast following a light
snowfall.
TEMPERATURE: +5° F.
WIND:
Very little, if any.
Mrs.XXX while at work in her kitchen, detected
(heard) a high pitched whine which became more
intense, louder, and/or closer. She states that th
whine was penetrating to a point similar to a mila
physical electric shock, causing a tingling sensation
throughout her body. At this point she looked out of
her south kitchen window and observed what she
refers to as a 'thing' slowly circling over a power pole,
on which a transformer is mounted, about 80 feet
Page 7

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3379, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
south of the above mentioned window. The object
was about one foot above this 35 foot pole, moving
in a slow circle to the left (counter clockwise). She
observed it make four circuits of the pole at which
time it moved to a point some 100 yards south of the
house, but still within the fenced perimeter of the
farm yard. Here it descended to three feet off the
ground and hovered for five minutes, directly in front
of three wrecked cars. XXXXX noted that there was
no exhaust visible nor was the new fallen snow dis-
turbed. She later inspected the spot and found no
evidence of melting or disturbance of the snow.
The object then rose straight up to about 16 or 20
feet, slightly higher than four adjacent grain storage
bins. It circled the bins and continued to the north-
east where three more bins are located and two
tractors were parked nearby. It circled the tractors at
a height slightly lower than the top of the bins once,
then moved northward and slightly to the west to two
parked trucks and two elevated fuel storage tanks. At
this point Mrs. Heggs moved to an east window sit-
uated in the south-east corner of the house. She states
the object circled the trucks and tanks once then
moved north-west to an electric motor operated water
(well) pump situated directly east of her point of ob-
servation. She states that the height would be about
eight feet when over the pump and about 25 from
her (the writers estimated this distance more in the
neighborhood of 40 to 50 feet). At this point Mrs.
Heggs locked the only door of the house which was
situated near the window she was looking from. The
object circled the pump once then moved eastward
toward a windbreak of trees on the east side of the
yard. It followed the windbreak northward rising
slightly to about 12 feet. At the north of the farm
yard it turned left following parallel to and above a
hedge 12 feet high. This hedge is inside the main
northern windbreak of trees which are 20 to 25 feet
high. At the center of the northern windbreak the
main road enters the yard, at which point the object
made a right turn exiting from the yard, over the
entrance road and through the break in the trees. It
would be nine to 12 feet off the ground at this point.
The object proceeded straight north over the slightly
rolling field, not following the lay of the land nor
increasing altitude. It might be noted that Mrs. Heggs
had moved to a window at the north of the house
prior to the object following the northern perimeter
of the yard. She discontinued watching same when it
was some distance north of the farm. She had watched
it for 20 to 25 minutes.
During the first portion of the sighting Mrs. Heggs
noticed that her dog was cowering, lying on the snow
and trying to cover its ears with its front feet. Imme-
diately after the object left, the dog attempted to gain
entrance to the house.
Sixteen head of cattle running at large in the south-
central portion of the yard were seen to take flight
when she first saw the object, running to and entering
the cattle sheds located to the south and on the west
Although yards like the
»' are a common sight on the prairies,
a visiting UFO seemed interested in every detail. While
Mrs. Heggs
watched from her house, the slow-flying object spent about 25 minutes circling various features, including fuel
storage tanks in foreground.
Page 8
Canadian UFO Report

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2582, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This drawing resembles the object seen by Mrs.
1968, in the X
½ farm yard.
side of the yard. Mr. and Nirs. |
XXdvise that this
in itself was unusual as the cattle feed and water out-
side and never enter the sheds during the day. One
calf, watering at the time, and described as lazy,
moved faster than she had ever seen it move. The
cattle did not emerge from the sheds until well after
the object had left, probably 30 to 35 minutes /ater.
Mr. Lawrence Heggs, who was away at the time,
returned about 10 minutes after the incident and
found the door to the house locked. When Mrs.
admitted him to their house his first words were
"Woman, what has happened to you?" Mrs. Heggs
was described as 'white as a sheet. ' Mrs. Heggs advises
that she was badly shaken as she had been alone in the
house accompanied only by her pre-school son and
a two-month old baby. A third child was at school.
Her description of the object is as follows: (see
*The lower portion: described as two shallow plates
placed lip to lip.
*Superstructure:
described as an inverted bow
nounted on top of main body
*Additional
Structure:
DIC.
's, of Bengough, Saskatchewan, at the noon hour of February 19,
*Color:
frosted glass, was not transparent,
nor was light visible from the in
side. Ports were 'arch' shaped.
the whole object, with exception
of the ports, was dull aluminum
riored with no shine or reflec-
*Construction:
such as a heating register grill
*Aerial:
*Ports:
in and around the superstructure
were seen windows or designs
resembling ports. The number
estimated at six or seven. The
material of these ports resembled
Canadian UFO Report
plates.
used. She stated the seams looked
*Manœuverability: the object circled to the left at
all times with the exception of
the right turn it made when ex-
iting from the yard. When making
the turns the object banked ap-
proximately six inches into the
*Speed:
travelling at the speed of a slow
walk throughout the sighting un-
til leaving when it sped up to a
fast walk. The object DID NOT
rotate.
X*' impression of the object was that it did
not appear hostile but was only snooping. From the
manœuvers she feels it was intelligently controlled.
There is no phone on the Heggs farm but a day or
two later she spoke to a member of the Royal
Canadian Mounted Police in Bengough who appeared
to take her lightly, and apparently no formal report
was taken from her. She contacted a Regina radio
station, CKCK, by telephone enquiring from them as
to what she saw but was again taken lightly. Her main
enquiry to the RCMP and radio station CKCK was to
Page 9

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 694, "chars": 4180, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
how she could have protected herself. They gave her
no satisfactory answer.
The impressions of the writers are as follows:
*The Heggs operate a mixed farming operation.
*Their means are less than well to do.
*They did not seek publicity.
*Mr. and XXXXXappear to be of average intelli-
gence.
*They are hard working, common people, staying to
themselves.
*She had read of UFOs previously but felt this object
was smaller than normally reported, adding that sh
thought two to four occupants could be comfortabl
seated in same, should it be under intelligent control.
*She talked freely of the incident but was somewhat
concerned with the legality of having her name
published. She later consented to have her name
published either through the news media or by
APRO.
*None of the people we spoke to in the Bengough area
gave adverse statements of the Heggs.
*She had a polaroid camera in the house but no film!
Compiled by
n.
In a later interview the writers obtained a further
idea of the alarm felt by MXXX when she said
she had considered firing one of her husband's rifles at
the object but decided this hostile act was too dan-
gerous. Also she admitted that after the incident she
had been made uneasy by noises at night which she
realized later were nothing unusual.
This case has interesting similarities to that reported
by Mrs. XXXXX, also of Saskatchewan, in our
letters-tó-editor section. In both incidents the wit-
nesses were affected physically by the approach of
the objects even before they were visible and, as she
wrote later, XXXXX also had a dog who seemed
disturbed by what was happening.
The evidence accumulates that silent though they
usually seem to be, UFOs emit sound waves mostly
beyond the range of human hearing.
Funny Business Under Rockies
Too absurd to comment on and too mis-
leading to ignore - that is our mixed reaction
to a recent article in Argosy magazine claiming
that flying saucers originate in Canada.
Based on information by one Renato Vesco,
described as a specialist in aerospace and ram-
jet developments who has been working for
the Italian government as an undercover agent
investigating the UFO mystery, the article
alleges that experimental aircraft are being
produced in the mountainous region between
British Columbia and Alberta.
The fact that the area has been photo-
graphed again and again by high-altitude
planes, both U.S. and Russian, does not per-
turb the Canadian or British authorities," the
article remarks. "The plants and saucer ports
are underground, hidden in the primeval for-
ests of Columbia." (Presumably this means
British Columbia, the given name of the prov-
ince, which should be spell right out just as
New York is not shortened casually to York.)
The region in which all this is supposed to
the Place plaer di pictuad as deserte tier
and Washington State to the south.
What the good people of Montana, which
actually provides the southern border of the
Page 10
area in question, will think of this is perhaps
beside the point. But not beside the point is
the summary dismissal of the transportation
facilities serving this so-called isolated area.
The only traffic arteries mentioned are the
railway line from Prince George to Edmonton,
another from Vancouver to the U.S. border
and the Alaska Highway across the top.
Whatever happened to the Pacific Great
Eastern line running parallel to most of this
region through centrai B.u. and, Closer yet
though for less distance, the Canadian Pacitic
Railway line? Where on earth is the other
Canadian National Railways line that cuts
through the area north of Prince George, and
the main CPR line and the Trans-Canada High-
way that go right across its middle? Perhaps
we should not mention the second CPR line
and highway that traverse this seemingly mys-
terious countryside farther south but we are
curious about the reference to Vancouver.
Main terminal though it is, we wonder how
that city enters the picture when it is away
on the other side of British Columbia and
there are much closer points of entry to the
U.S. The treatment of geography in this article
is puzzling to say the least.
Finally, we note with regret the apparent
Canadian UFO Report
