{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T15:34:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5783390, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125750-flying-vanity-light-ufo-november-20-1956-danielson-ct-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "d116cb8cf95ae49d05fdd83a861b3a2a9f5427558a05c4807b58f3f9b52d88a2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
READER'S REPORTS
Mrs.
of
writes of her own
personal experience at home there in the eastern part of the U.S.A.:
"It was November 20, 1956, 12:45 P.M. I then lived at 1
in
and I was outside hanging clothes. (I had 3 young child-
ren and lots of work to do, so sometimes after they were asleep, I
washed clothes and hung them out.) I saw lights moving near the hori-
zon to the north. I thought - must be Northern Lights (Aurora Bor-
ealis). It's a clear, cold, crisp night. The lights were coming closer.
I thought - must be an airplane - no, it can't be an airplane with
lights that bright and low, there would have to be noise, and there is
no noise, not a sound. Then I thought - must be Roman Candles - no
noise, nice lights. No, it can't be Roman Candles - it's not the 4th
of July. It's just before Thanksgiving (coming on November 22). Then I
could see it good. It was shaped like a half a ball, yellow light was
glowing from inside, colored lights glowing from inside near the bot-
tom, revolving clockwise at a speed like medium to fast walking. It
was near the tops of two pine trees right ahead of me. I thought,
good, it's going to go right over my head. I can see it good. Immed-
iately it started coming straight down. I thought - it's going to
land! It was half way down, stopped immediately, and started coming
forward again. I thought I got to grab the clothes off the line - it's
going to come right through the clothesline. Immediately it stopped
and started coming down again. I thought - it's going to land! It then
stopped about two feet from the ground and started coming forward
again. I thought - it's going to run right into me, I've got to step
aside and let it pass. I didn't have time to lift a foot. Instantly it
started going sidewise. (It was about 10 feet ahead of me.) It went
sidewise a few feet till it got opposite the ell of our little house,
then started going striaght up! It rose 'til it could just clear the
roof, then started coming straight over the roof of the ell. I thought
- it's going to hit the main body of the house. Immediately it rose
straight up again, then came straight over the main part of the house.
I thought - it's going to hit the chimney, but it had risen just high
enough to clear the chimney. I thought it was going to keep going, but
it didn't. It was staying in one place, revolving, over the roof of
our little house. I could see it good. It was about 8 to 10 feet high,
and about as big around as our little house was square (about 25 feet
across). It wasn't transparent, but almost. The proper word is trans-
Lucent. The yellow light was glowing inside, and it seemed I should be
able to see shadows of anybody or anything inside, but I could see no
shadows. As it revolved round and round, I looked to see any doors or
windows, or lines where they might be, or seams, but there were none.
I looked to see if there was anything else in the sky, but there was

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
not. there was no noise - not a sound. I thought, maybe if its
electric powered, there should be a long cord. There was none. I then
thought, if that is just a giant yellow light, I should be able to see
the shadow of a giant filiament, but there was none. The other colored
lights were still showing through near the bottom. The whole thing was
bright, but it didn't hurt my eyes. I thought - why not walk up on the
stone step and look up under it, so I did.
Then I saw the beautiful "sockets". they were gold, like 3 giant
doughnuts placed on top of each other, with 2 shiny blacl round bands
separating them. There was a colored bulb in the bottom of the socket.
on each of the 3 round shiny gold bands there was a design, writing or
printing in shiny black, bright and clear. It looked completely for-
eign to me. The curved lines, loops, dots and dashes looked like some
ancient Arabic language. The angled crooked lines looked like designs
seen in Persian Rug borders, Oriental Rug borders, or even more like
Mayan pyramids, or Aztec or Inca designs seen on pottery, blankets,
rugs. The inscription on every gold ring was identical. I studied it
and tried to figure it out but couldn't. I tried to imprint it in my
brain so I could reproduce it exactly, but I couldn't. There were 24
of these sockets, each with a colored light bulb - red, gree, blue,
orange, yellow and white (light yellow), and then repeated in that
order. About 2 feet up, there was a floor, and these sockets were
stuck to the floor, evenly spaced, all around the edge. I looked at
the floor. It was not transparent, but almost - translucent is
the word. It seemed I should be able to see shadows of batteries or
anything or anybody that might be in it, but I could see no shadows.
I looked to see if there was any kind of opening, lines where an open-
ing might be, or seams in the floor, but there were none. It was just
plain, smooth material like glass or thick plastic, maybe about an
inch thick, judging by the edges that hung down all around. There was
no heat and no smell. I thought - those sockets are big - maybe there
are batteries in the sockets. It had to have some kind of power!
Then I thought - I wonder if it's going to land on the roof? I won-
der how heavy it is? I suppose it will break the chimney. My little
children are sleeping upstairs. Inmediately it started going forward.
Then I thought - it's going to bump into the tree la big maple in
front of our house with branches nearly touching the roof). Inmediate-
ly it started going sideways, just enough to clear the tree, then pro-
ceeded straight forward. I was glad it hadn't landed on the roof or
hit the tree, but I was sorry it was leaving, because I wanted to
leam more.
It went straight across Academy St. and revolved a few times over
Blumenthal's store, then it started coming back! I thought, good, I'm
going to have another chance. It came back across Academy St., then
went sidways and revolved a few times over the Conn. Light and Power

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 2880, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Co. Office. I still thought it was going to come back over me, but it
went sideways a few more feet, came straight down to about 8 feet
above the road, and started going north up Main St.! I thought if any
cars come they will see it. But there were no cars. I went in front
of my house to try and catch another glimpse of it as it passed in
front of the 2 Telephone Co. buildings, but the angle of the buildings
prevented that. I ran to the back of my house, to try to catch a glim
pse of it as it went further up Main St., but a couple of big old
houses and big old trees prevented that. I waited a few moments, did
not see anything, then thought maybe it went up a side road or over
Davis Park on the other side of the street. I would have followed it,
but didn't walk on the street that time of night, and also I couldn't
leave my 3 little ones alone in the house.
I finished hanging the clothes, went in the house (it was 1:00 A,M,)
did a few things and went to bed. Next moring, when I was getting my
8 year old, Kathy, ready for school, I told her I had seen something
in the sky last night, with a lot of lights. That's all I told her.
Then after she had left, I tured on the radio to our nearest local
station - Putnam, Conn. (No cars had gone by here, and all the neigh-
boring houses were dark, but I thought somebody, somewhere, might have
been in a car, up, or out and might have seen it too.) The 9:00 A.M.
news had a brief mention -"There was a report of something unusual in
the sky last night. It must have been a weather balloon." It was not a
weather balloon. When Kathy came home, I asked her if anybody at her
schoo1 had said anything of seeing something in the sky with lights on
and she said, "No".
Ever since, I've been trying to find answers.
It was beautiful, seemed to be observing me, and letting me study
it. I wasn't scared, because every time I started to get scared, it
acted in a proper way so there was nothing to be scared of. When it
was near me, it seemed to be controlled by my thoughts, or even before
my thought was finished. Or maybe that was just a coincidence,
and it was going to do those things anyhow, and couldn't read my mind.
It always stayed level, never tilted, and revolved continuously,
while it was going straight ahead, sideways, straight down, straight
up, or hovering in one spot.
It seemed to be made from one single piece, as I could see no seams,
Lines, or openings. The floor, about two feet up, also had no seams,
lines or openings. I wasn't inside it. I couldn't see any way to get
into it or to get out of it (if I had had the chance).
The inscription seemed to me both language and design, looked Arabic
like writing or printing of any Arabic, Islamic or Moslem country -
Iran, Iraq, Libya, Morocco, etc. - similar to that. The inscription on
every gold band was the same. I can't do it correctly. Yours Truely,
/s/
