{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-14T16:33:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7084030, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125723-great-falls-mt-december-25-1976-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "c1f6b6dc0f371aa26e1d41b898ce0f82be125f462912bfc3fb8607f9d77cc3f9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2301, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V TO:
September 9, 1993
FROM:
UFO SIGHTING
MARK: SEE ATTACHMENT AND
SIMILARITY TO THE PLANET VENUS
On December 25,1976 at about 5:30 a.m., my husband and I were I WONDER?
driving from Great Falls, Montana to Garrison, Montana to spend
Christmas Day with relatives. As we were approaching Cascade,
Thet
Montana about 6:00 a.m., my husband noticed something hovering by
the mountains to the east of Cascade.
The bright white light caught
his attention. He asked me what I thought it could be hovering that
low, near the mountains and at this time on Christmas morning. I replied
I could only think of one thing - a helicopter. We continued on our way
and the object appeared to be getting closer to us.
When we were beginning the section of our trip through the mountains
from Wolf Creek to Helena, the object was flying with us and appearred to
be "playing with us". It was approximately flying at a heighth of a four
or five story building. The object would accelerate to amazing speeds
straight ahead and out-of-sight. As we would come around the curve in
the road, the object would be hovering on one side or the other as if
waiting for us. This continued for at least an hour watching it
accelerate with such speed from a stand-still, change direction from
left to right and stop on a dime.
The early morning was cold and very clear with the sky lit up from
the moon. The object was so clear against the light sky and the shape
unbelievably clear to confirm the "saucer-shaped" vehicle. On the
bottom of the saucer we could see three lights: red; blue; and a very
bright white light. The object against the sky was solid black with
the three lights on the bottom of the saucer.
Coming out of the mountains (just before Helena) the object was
climbing (ascending) in the sky.
My husband decided to stop the car and
see if we could hear any sound.
We stopped on the hill before dropping
into Helena and observed the object starting to come down (descend) and
directly at our car. My husband proceeded to get nervous and stated that
it itcontinued to get any closer he would take-off. As it came closer
no sound could be heard and finally off we went even after my pleas to
wait longer.
He explained his fear to me as we continued into Helena. His father
ve emphasis on negatives
i positives
Ignoring

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 1897, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2 -
owned several logging trucks and had a radio system set-up in his
home to keep in touch in case they broke-down or had other trouble.
My husband told me about a trucker who observed a glowing shape on
top of MacDonald Pass and first his lights on the truck went off and
then his engine died. Supposedly, he only watched it hover for only
a few minutes and then it left. The trucker's engine came back on
and his lights also came on. Due to this incident he said he did
not want to take any chances having heard about the incident.
Driving down into Helena, we watched the object continue to
climb (ascend) once again over the town of Helena. As we made our way
through Helena, the sky started to lighten up from the morning sun.
Even though the sun was not out yet, the reflection of it was shining
like a mirror off the object high in the sky. The last sighting was
at the top of MacDonald's Pass (west of Helena). It was climbing
higher and higher with a mere spot of reflection to be able to track
its way.
After discussing what we had seen for the remainder of our trip,
we realized that we had not encountered another vehicle in the entire
1ž hours of observing the object. We had no idea if anyone had even
observed a couple minutes of this sighting and we watched for l hours.
We talked about going to the Helena Airport and seeing if they had
seen anything. We decided that they probably would not tell us anyway.
Arriving at the relatives home in Garrison, Montana we proceeded
to tell them about what we had seen. They laughed and asked us what
we had to drink the night before. We did not discuss it much but only
with some family and friends who knew us well enough and would listen.
I am including a clipping my Mother cut out from the Great Falls Tribune.
She knows me not to lie, tell stories and wanted me to know there are
others (educated people who have seen things, too.
