{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-09T13:19:52Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 10997735, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304338809723122, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125848-tucson-az-capsule-ufo-february-10-1977-article-report.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541132120000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/125848-tucson-az-capsule-ufo-february-10-1977-article-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "c33adf32568b71c509391598e16a23f37c3fa0f88cdc9d041076e42d24c1eba6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 872, "chars": 5459, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the apro bulletin
VOL. 25, NO.
February, 1977
OCCUPANT CASE IN TUCSON
First International
UFO Congress to be
held in Chicago
June 24-26
Exactly 30 years after Kenneth Arnold
reported his now famous sighting of nine
UFO's over the Cascade Mountains in
Washington state, the first International
UFO Congress will be held in Chicago at
the Pick-Congress Hotel June 24-26.
In making the announcement, Curtis
Fuller, publisher of Fate Magazine and
sponsor of the Congress, pointed out
that Arnold made his first sighting June
24, 1947 and gave the name Flying
Saucers to these mysterious objects.
Arnold will lecture and be an honored
guest at the Congress.
Other internationally famous academic
authorities, lay researchers and writers
on the subject have accepted Fuller's
invitation and will speak, conduct
workshops and show films of their
research--such authorities as Betty Hill,
participant in the most famous UFO
abduction case of the century; James
Harder, professor at the University of
California, Berkeley; David M. Jacobs,
assistant professor, Temple University;
Coral and James Lorenzen, longtime
UFO researchers; Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
director, Center for UFO Studies,
professor of astronomy, Northwestern
University; Raymond A. Palmer, co-
founder of Fate and a key figure in early
history of UFO's, publisher of Space
World; Frank Salisbury, professor of
plant physiology, Utah State University;
R. Leo Sprinkle, director, division of
counseling and testing, University of
Wyoming; Berthold Eric Schwarz, M.D.,
psychiatrist and researcher into psychic
aspects of UFO reports; Jacques Vallee,
Institute for the Future, Menlo Park,
CA.; and Dr. J. Gordon Melton,
consultant to Fate, head of the Institute
for the Study of American Religion,
Evanston, who will act as coordinator for
the scientific gathering.
In all, more than 100 lectures,
seminars
and information-sharing
sessions will be held as well
as
continuous screening of films related to
UFO's, plus an extensive exhibition
area.
(See Congress - Page Eight)
TRANSPARENT FRONT
END
VIEW
Tucson Occupant
See Column Three
Soviets Publish
UFO Articles
By Tom Day
Field Investigator
A recent issue of the Current Digest
of the Soviet Press has abstracts of
three articles of interest to APRO
members. The first, from Pravda, is
about the Bermuda Triangle. Claiming
that no "mysterious forces" are needed
to explain the disappearances of ships
and planes, its author states that UFO
reports "are usually myths dreamed up
by capitalist newspapers to increase
circulation."
The more interesting of the other two
abstracts is apparently an official
response to an underground manuscript
purporting to be a status report on
UFOs. The manuscript claims some
aliens are indistinguishable from Cauca-
soid humans, an opinion strongly
opposed by the author of the abstracted
article. "All the Americans I know,
he writes, "consider the extra-terrestrial
explanation a stupid rumor.
To see the abstracts of these very
interesting articles, simply ask for the
January 5, 1977 issue of the Current
Digest of the Soviet Press at any large
library. The magazine is in English.
A new and spectacular kind of close
encounter UFO case took place on
Thursday, 10 February 1977 in Tucson,
Arizona. It was about 19:30 in the
evening
living at
just south of Lillian
Cavett Cementary School, was sitting in
the middle of the couch on the south side
of her living room, which faces the
school, easily visible through the front
window of her living room. She noticed a
light, like a bright star, or flame, rising
just to the left of the school, like an
airplane appears to rise as it comes over
the horizon. Her attention was captured
by the strange beauty of the light which
seemed to rise and come around the
southwest corner of the school, passing
over the corner of the building and
behind the two trees which stand to the
south of the structure. It then curved
toward her house, approaching at a low
level, below the tops of the two trees,
and descended to within a few inches of
the ground almost directly in front of
her house and on the school side of the
school fence. It hovered in that position
momentarily, almost directly over a bare
spot on the school lawn, and then began
to move again.
told her grand-
mother, also sitting in the living room,
and they both got up and went to the
door for a better view. They both saw it
begin to rise and move south towards
the school fence and their house. It came
over the fence and into their yard and
slowed again almost over the small tree
nearest the street, where it hovered for
a couple of minutes.
and her
grandmother went out
mo the yard,
less than 50 feet from the hovering
object and watched. It seemed to move
slowly closer as they watched.
The object was almost capsule-shaped,
cylindrical with blunt rounded ends on
both top and bottom. The top was a
little more rounded than the bottom.
The object seemed to be facing them
directly. The cylindrical side, between
the top and bottom end curvatures was
transparent, and they could see the
bright light which first attracted their
attention sitting on the bottom of this
transparent section behind the transpar-
ent surface. The light was kind of like a
beautiful flame, with leaping or flowing
streamers of red and blue fire in the
overall mass of bright but not brilliant
white light. The transparent front
section of the capsule had dark vertical
bars running from top to bottom of
(See Tucson - Page Two

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1367, "chars": 8064, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
Copyright
1977 by the
AERIAL PHENOMENA
RESEARCH ORGANIZATION, INC.
3910 E. Kleindale Road
Tucson, Arizona 85712
Phone: 602 - 793-1825 and 602 - 326-0059
Coral E. Lorenzen, Editor
Norman Duke, Richard Beal,
Brian James, Lance P. Johnson,
Robert Gonzales, Artists
A.P.R.O. STAFF
International Director
L. J. Lorenzen
Director of Research. James A. Harder, Ph.D.
Public Relations .
.. Hal Starr
Secretary-Treasurer
Coral E. Lorenzen
Membership Secretary
Madeleine H. Cooper
Statt Librarian
Allen Benz
Office Manager
Sheila Kudrle
The A.P.R.O. Bulletin is the official copy-
righted publication of the Aerial Phenomena
Research Organization, Inc., (A.P.R.O.), 3910
E. Kleindale Rd., Tucson, Arizona 85712, and
is issued every month to members and
subscribers. The Aerial Phenomena Research
Organization, Inc., a non-profit corporation
established under the laws of the State of
Arizona and a federally recognized scientific
educational tax-exempt organization, is
dedicated to the eventual solution of the
phenomenon of unidentified flying objects.
Inquiries pertaining to membership and
subscription may be made to the above
address.
A.P.R.O. Membership including Bulletin:
United States.
$10.00/ yr.
Canada & Mexico
$11.00/yr.
(Canadian Currency will be a
pted)
All other countries
$12.00/yr.
Subscription to Bulletin onl
Same as Above
Newswires, newspapers, radio and television
stations may quote up to 250 words from this
publication, provided that the Aerial Pheno-
Research Organization, Inc.
for
A.P.R.O.), Tucson, Arizona, is given as the
source. Written permission of the Editor must
be obtained for quotes in excess of 250
Tucson
(Continued from Page One)
the space enclosing the fire. Behind the
bars crouched a human-shaped figure, all
over gray in color, that looked puffed
up, like a balloon, except it had ridges or
rings of the same substance running
around the appendages, like padding, or
like some space suits have. No facial
features were observed and no hands or
feet were noticed at the ends of the
appendages. The figure was standing in
the small, close fitting cabin in a
crouched position with his hands (or
where the hands should have been)
slightly forward and just above the
knees, as though he were holding some
kind of controls in each hand. No
controls
on however.
the grandmother
OI
and owner of the house, went
directly up under the craft and was able
to reach up with her right hand to
within two feet of the bottom of the
small craft. She wanted to touch it to
see what it was, but it was just out of
reach. As she did so it began to rise and
it went up vertically a little ways and
then
changed course and continued
ascending at an angle up and toward the
The A.P.R.O. Bulletin
south
id she heard a "click" iu
before it started to move up, but
who was directly under the front of the
craft said she did not hear any "click".
As she reached up,
said,
"There's a
man in thereiỊạShe could see the small
puffy
figure crouched behind the
"flame", and she could see that it was a
suit, seemingly inflated, like a balloon,
and there was a window in the front of
the head part, and she thought she could
barely make out a face behind that but
was unable to distinguish any particular
detail of that face. Then it began to rise
and all she could see was the bottom,
which was completely smooth. She did
not see any features of the cabin such as
seat, controls, lights, dials, etc. She does
think that the bars were in front of the
glass cabin "windshield", however. She
saw that the strange light was on the
floor in front of and between the little
figure's feet. The little figure was about
the size of a 6-year-old boy, and almost
completely filled the cabin space. She
thought the figure was standing in a
crouch more than sitting down. She
never saw it move in any way. Nothing
in the cabin changed before it began to
ascend.
As it ascended it passed over the
corner of Mrs.
arport and the
roof of her house and continued its
ascent smoothly until it passed above the
top wires of the telephone lines that run
down the alley behind the Buckner and
Turner homes. It continued its climb to
the south until it just looked like a star
in the night sky.
tayed out in the
yard and followed it around to the back
of the house watching it pass over the
telephone wires and away to the south.
She says she could follow it easily
because it had a golden color to its light
while the rest of the stars looked a
silvery-white color. She could look away
and back again
and
pick it out
immediately because of this strange
color.
One of the more puzzling aspects of
this case is repeated references to
helicopters over the schoolyard at the
time of this sighting. This in itself is not
strange except that there were at first 3
helicopters with glowing red cabin lights
flying at very low altitude over the
schoolgrounds while the small capsule
was being observed. One of them passed
almost directly over the small capsule at
less than treetop level and flew on to the
west, as though it didn't see the capsule
at all, something that seemed impossible
to the various observers. The others
criss-crossed the school grounds while
the small ship was hovering. Then when
it was climbing away to the south, as
Lois followed it around the house, she
saw 5 or 6 helicopters in that direction.
The Police Department advises that they
have only 3 helicopters in all, and one of
those is a trainer and is not used at
night. The
other two are
seldom
February 1977
operational at the same time. They have
never flown all 3 together at night, and
they had no mission or calls of any kind
from that area on that night. Davis
Monthan AFB has 5 helicopters but they
say it would take an exercise operational
order to put that many in the air at the
same time on any day, and that they
would
have to be
"stood down
(grounded) and prepared to get that
many ready to fly at the same time. The
area Air Traffic Control Center has no
record of any Army helicopter flights
through Tucson airspace on the evening
of that date. The Air Force and the
Police had no joint helicopter exercises
at any time during the month of
February
who is Mrs
-neighbor to the east at
ista was standing in her
bathroom brushing her teeth at 19:30,
when she saw what she thought was a
car turning around in the street in front
of the house. She thought it was taking
a little too long to turn around and went
to the front door to look out the security
peephole. She saw a strange light too
high above the ground to be automobile
lights and went to the front window and
pulled the curtain back for a better
view.
Then she saw the source of the light
to be a brilliantly luminous oblong object
on the floor behind the glass front of a
large capsule-shaped craft hovering at
treetop level over her driveway and in
front of her neighbor's house. She esti-
mated the capsule-shaped craft to be
about 6'6ại
high and
about 2'6ạ in
diameter. The front half of the cylinder-
shaped body seemed to be transparent,
and she thought she could see a shadowy
figure behind the "glass". The "glass"
front was turned slightly away from her
at an angle facing her neighbor's, Mrs
house. She saw Mrs.
and her daughter Lois out in the yard
looking at the strange craft low over the
trees
between the two houses. Mrs.
vatched the light for a moment
and then saw it ascend out of sight over
her carport and the roof of her house as
it moved south and away. She went back
in at that point and did not see it
disappear. She went to the telephone
and called a TV station and reported
what had happened and expected them
to come out to check but nobody showed
up. She also called another neighbor to
tell her to look out to the south to see it.
but it was too far away for the neighbor
to pick it out in the stars by the time
She got outside. Mrs.
also saw
helicopters maneuvering in
the school-
yard and thought they were looking for
the strange object.
The location of the sighting places the
object 3½ miles west-northwest
of
Davis-monthan Control Tower and 4¼
(See Tucson - Page Seven)
