{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T11:37:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1390019, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125894-thessaloniki-greece-september-4-1967-ufo-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "f780c5075f308e91819b785b2a009db895746d80336bd179e06b4cb2684b305d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3795, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
==-
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA (NICAP)®
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
North 7-9434
Washington, D. C. 20036
NICAP Card# 06693
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS) RECEIVED MAY - 5 1371
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional ques-
tions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued
magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another
sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.
Place of Employment Astronautics Corp. ofAmerica
Milwaukee, wisc.
53204
Occupation
Electronics Technician
Date of birth
July 17, 1944
Speciat Fraining 1,5 years College (Elec.Eng.)
Military Service Corporal-Royal Hellenic Air
2. Date of Observation September 4th, 1967
Time 02:47fAFCE.
PM
Time ZonEuropean
(1 hour ahead of
3. Locality of Observation Thessaloniki, Greece (in city limits)
Greenwich)
4. How long did you see the object?_
no
_ Hours
no
no
- Minutes.
35 secsee additional sheet)
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; l.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
bight clouds - nighttime.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
The moon was not visible due to cloudy sky. (otherwise, would be overhead)
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?
8. Were there more than one object? No
If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of
movement, if any.
Description of travel is provided on attached sheet.
9. Please describe the objects) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Please
use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.
Very solid- see attached notes.
10. Was the objects) brighter than the background of the sky?
11. It so, compate the briness we sun on, dues, ightly darker.
n/a
12. Did the objects) -
(Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
3. Super to stad stil any lay any for renutes f. Dangering
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Change brightness?
Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
no
no
h. Change shape?
i. Change color?
no
no
no
no
e. Leave any visible trail?
13. Did objects) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size etc, if possible.
See details
attached sheets.
14. Was there any wind?
If so, please give direction and speed
15. Did you observe the objects) through an optical instrument or other ald, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screning, etc?
No, it was observed in open air, with bare eyesight.
16. Did the objects) have any sound?
What kind?
How loud?
None whatsoever.
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
See, also, attached notes.
18. Was the object -
a. Self-luminous?
((6. Dull finish?))
(fo. Shaply outlined.))
c. Reflecting?
do Transparent?
Seemed like "hammered"
metal.
19. Did the objects) rise or fall while in motion?
No, motion was expressly swift; pattern of"leaf-fall"
20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a. Pinhead
b. Pea
• Dime
1. Nicke
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar
g. Orange
h. Grapefrui
( (i. Larger ))
Or, if easies, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
Estimated size: @ 25ft. - Object was not more than 30ft. away as it
flew past (first
• sighting), and no more than 40-50ft. as it hovered

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3361, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
my went you happen to notice the objects)?
See attached.
223 Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
23. 'How did the objects) disappear from view?
See atteched.
Very slowly - see attached.
24. Compare the speed of the objects) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.
No comparison - Speed was @
1o miles per nour,
25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
No.
26. Please, estimate the distance of the objects).
30-201t. overhead, and 501t• away.
27. What was the. elevation' of the objectís) in the skv?
Please mark on this hemisphere sketch?
See additional sheet for detailed course of travel.
28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
My brother, age: 22.
Sotirios Hadjinicolaou
Vasilisis Olgas 253, Thessaloniki,
Greece.
29. What do you think you saw?
a. (Extraterrestrial device? )))))
UFO!
c. Planet or star?
d. Aircraft?
7. Holite?
Hoax?
g.
Other? (Piease specify).
30. Please describe your feelings and reactions during the sighting. Were you calm, nervous, frightened, apprehensive, awed, etc.? If you
awed, frightened, & over-excited; rushedto
4 newspaper offices at 03:00 a.m.i called the nearby Air Force Base,
the Navy, the Army and the police, since, (in the second sighting)
aiter it stood overhead for @ 5 min, it took-off towards the air force
base. I knew this, because I had, in the past, actually served in that
base. I realize my reactions were
rather "untechnical" for a technology-
but I think that interested parties should know of it.
31.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position; the direction from which the objects) appeared and dis-
appeared from view; the direction of its'course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
See attached detailed drawing.
32. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
Yes, ALL OI
them.....
- See attached.
33. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
No.
34.
Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, i
ossible) regarding this or similar observations, os any other background material. We will return the material to you if requested.
35.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators?
Find attached gy any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and
rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
Were you asked or ford norto even a desus cal so, were any reason or online intoned are at
No, but they"emphasized" the possibility of ridicule....
36. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report
similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the pro-
per statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.
You may use my name.
XX
Please keep my name confidential. ( )
37. Date of filling out this report
April 14, 1971

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3315, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 1_ of_4
•......It was a warm summer night, in my home-town, Thessa-
loniki, Greece. Our home is located in the outskirts of the city.
I returned home at @ 01:30 (September 4th, 1967) from visiting my fia-
ncee!'s house.
I had drunk two glasses of orange-juice since @ 20:01
he night before(I do not drink). I was at the time engaged in the
audio equipment development business and had just completed a new
stereo-amplifier design.
At @ 02:40 I asked my youngest brother
(18-years old at the time) who always showed interest in my work,
to come to my study room, on the terrace of our three storie home
to look at my latest design....
There are two doors for access
to my study room, one directly
the internal staircase and one from the outside,
on the terrace.
I entered my room thru the internal door, while my brother stepped
outside to the terrace...I was ready to turn on the lights,
heard my brother calling me from outside, saying: "Hey, Dimitri,
what is THIS?"....I stepped out and looked at what he
was pointing
at, @ 20ft. directly over our heads. For a moment we both just stood
there with our heads facing straight upwards, ...awed, and rather
confused as we tried to make out what THAT was..
It was aldull-finish
grey object. Round in shape and @ 25ft. in diameter it formed a "OOI"
on top of us as it flew past at the AWEING speed of 10 miles or less
an hour....It seemed to be even more descending and I had started to
think it was going to hit one of the higher buildings around our home,
when it smoothly started to pick-up height(very slight), enough to
practically "scrape" the top of a five-storie building @ 100ft. from
where we stood.
As we faced the back of the strange object in the
night sky, we clearly saw what seemed to be small lighted portholes
all around only one-half of its circumference.
It had no spinning
motion, non visible to our eyes, anyway.
Ilight was so smooth
that only one expression could possibly desribe it: "GLIDING on an
•oil path in the sky"…...I suppose that the smoothness of its flight
along with its extremely slow speed were whatnoticably shocked us
at first sight. We stood there for a few minutes and watched the
strange object
slowly (no increase in speed) get out of sight, heading
directly towards a nearby Air Force Radar Station on top of Hortiatis
Mountain, only a few miles away from our home. I was standing a
couple of feet from my brother when those three words came out ofmy
mouth: "A FLYING SAUCER"!!:...I would find no need to describe in
detail what our emotions were when we realized we were two of the
few previledged people to witness an extraterrestrial presence just
• But
a few feet away. .....I only know that we
stayed up all that night
talking, exchanging ideas and impressions in an effort to justify
We came to no conclusions..
Next (that) morning we went to the local newspapers and
plainly described what we had seen. I, also, made a rough sketch of
the object, which was printed along with a story which did not quite
'orrespona to our story, (lou must be aware of the "way" some newspapers
rint such happenings..
I also became the "star" of many "special"
Comics on some newspapers. But we paid no attention to all this....
Because only WE knew what we had experienced....
continued overleaf....
TOTH
TO
EVErT
ElMY
ETLI
EXÉi

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 598, "chars": 3638, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2 of 4
I was
. called that very same afternoon that the local newspapers
printed my story, at the Police Headquarters, where about five
nigh ranking officers asked questions concerning time, speed,
direction of travel,
description, and other associated such.
not told directly to keep quiet,
although one of the officers made
a comment about keeping quiet until they had fully investigated the
incident, but I was repeatedly, if not persistently "reminded" that
printing
anything
further into
the newspapers might lead to ridicule.
I again paid not much attention, and kept in touch with some
reporters I knew at two of the local papers.
.......I slept well that night......Next day, September 5th, I did
feel well..Or, I should say,
something was bothering me.
night approached,
that" something" grew stronger. It was something
like one would feel if he set his alarm clock and sat down expecting
it to ring for a half hour.....I WAS EXPECTING SOMETHING!!!!!..
I talked to my brother about that feeling that I had about expecting
that object to reappear that night..At first thought it seemed as
just a strong impression of what had taken place the night beiore..
But I could almost swear. ....that the object would be back that nignt..
He decided to help me
"get rid"of that persistant thought...
And so we found ourselves on the terrace of our home, at @ 02:00
(September 6th), equipped with a flash light and a camera with flash.
At EXACTLY (!:!)
02:47a.m, as I turned towards the back of our terrace,
I SAW
The night was very calm, following an afternoon
"summer-shower" storm, the sky was very clear, all stars visible,
no moon in the sky which created a dark background to anything that
might be a few feet from the ground........It came from NW traveling
with a NE direction (the fist sighting, it traveled from SE to NE).
Its height must have been about 30ft. from the ground, since it seemed
to be at @ the
same level with our terrace..It came out of in between
two high buildings, (about 14-storie high) on our left-hand side. It
was tilted in such a way that its diameter line was vertical to ground.
Its speed was NOT grater than the starting speed of a car equipped
with automatic transmission, i.e. @2 miles/hour....
The outline of the object was not this time as visible as before,..
it seemed to be "fading-away".. It was slowly traveling at @ 80ft.
away, again with an extremely impressive smoothness of travel...
-"There it is!!",...I exclaimed..
And that's when the funiest things
of all happened: It seemed to have"sensed"my loud exclamation in the
"dead" quietness of the night and IT
STOPPED!:: It stood
there for @ 30 seconds and then started to move again,
as slowly as
it came.
There is a four-storie building on our right hand side
from where we stood looking at it, i.e. @ I0ft. higher than the level
of our terrace.
As we tried to keep track of its travel, it seemed
to disappear behind this building...We both stood there for a few
moments‹completely "stalled"....We could never predict what was to
ow.....:
We must have "FELT" something because we both looked
up towards
the building next to our house, AT THE SAME TIME...: In
a dark calm sky background we saw a huge craft of the same
dimensions,
color and shape as two nights before, hovering about 10ft. from the
top of the building"next door" at a
• total distance of @ 20 It. from
where we stood;...I was holding the camera at that moment, and my
brother the flashlight.. I shouted loud: "Take cover...", and we both
in strict meaning of the word..DIVED behind a large chemney (one of
about five) protruding on our terrace..
continued overleaf...

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 538, "chars": 3246, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page_
3
_ of 4
I, Later, regreted my loss of courage, at least enough to take a pi-
cture of
the object hovering a few feet away, ....but at that moment
all I could think was the dangers involved in
taking a picture that
ur nightly "visitors" might NOT want to be ,.developed.....My brother
nas kneeling next to me as terrified as 1, and 1 had to do the less
that might possibly endanger his and my solitude...I gave up the
idea of having a picture taken, and we both looked at the craft from
behind our cover for @ 6 min.&
18 sec. (asI made it out)after we re-
stored.¡blood-circulation"•..Ine attached design will propably
describe what we witnessed.
It seemed to be made of metal, very
dull, grey finish, looking like the finish of paint on a wall after
it is softly "tapped" with a brush. Ihere was no glow, nor any
whatsoever.
Ihe most frightening of all that distinguished the
sight of that crait with anything known by mankind, was the outline
of the body, which seemed to DIMINISH into something that could be
described as "fog"...A few inches from where the determining outline
of the craft should have been, ... there was. a soft grey "fog", or
mist, if you prefer......
...Then, after hovering for the time mentioned, as it was watching
us close, since we were the only people in a radius of over a mile
around, ...it slowly turned around its axis, showing on the other
half of its circumference the same lighted portholes we had seen
two nights ago..
It stopped rotating, and very slowly started to
withdraw, but
then something else, as unusual happened: after with-
drawing for a few feet,
it came back again, then withdrew again,
and returned again, as if "undecided" as to whether it should leave
or noti...it went
on like this for about four times, ..then finally
slowly withdrew until it was out of sight in the clear sky, headed
NE, towards another Air Force base, only a few miles away....
It took us over 30 minutes to get back to "normal"
thinking
reacting, then we took a taxi-cab, went downtown, and from a
newspaper office we called the Air Force base towards which it was
headed,
a nearby Naval base, the Army Headquarters, and the Police.
Ihe best we got, next to no
answer at all, was someone "out of the
dreams" that we interrupted with our call, half awake, half asleep
to tell us that we should contact "someone"in the morning....
Of course,
I never did so.....I
humiliated enough from my pre-
vious report thru the newspapers not to mention anything this time.
. was, however, contacted by a university proffessor who
showed sincere interest in what had happened from the primary news
publications, and to whom I fully described the second more "intense"
sighting exactly as it happened.
Other than that I had only minor contacts from interested friends
and journalists.
concludes my report, however I would like to add the following;
From all facts governing the appearance, speed, travel
characteristics, environmental effects on our neactions and
the overall impressions it left behind, I, fully agreeing
with my brother, would have no doubt that it WAS an extra-
terrestrial device,
operating on energy and flight techniques
far superior to any known to us and, I believe, to mankind.
continued overleaf.......

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1008, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 4
4
b. I have served in the Royal Hellenic Air Forece as a cor-
poral. For the last 16 months of the total service period
I was stationed
in Naples, Italy, at the Allied Air Forces
Southern Europe, where I held a Top Secret Cieared position
at the office of the Chief of Staff. My military and civi-
Lian records are totally clear, ana my reputation here ana
overseas is such that would allow for the mentioned position
that I have held, and am proud of.
I am, presently, trying to expend my knowledge in Elec-
tronics,
in order that I may occupy a better social position
and be of more help to the efforts of a small group of people
who are now trying to throw some light into the undetermined
and enomerous mysteries still shadowing a better understanding
of the WORLD beyond the limits of our knowledge!
v · ₺
I
I would appreciate it to hear on the final
evaluation of this report, if time will be
available among your efforts for this orga-
nization.
Till then, I remain,
Sincerely yours,
pore ate.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 307, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
the

S
a)
4

«4

This sketch was drawnto aid description of sighting

at the local (Greek) newspapers.

Lettering is in Greek but it has been translated for

your evaluation.

Descriptive course of travel on both sightings and

details of motion of the craft are given on seperate sheets
also atteched,

+

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1619, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
April 14, 1971
Attached Is a newspaper clipping, dated sept. I1, 1967,
which refers to the reported sighting of a Uro by two girls
students a couple of days before the above date.
The UrO was sighted at an altitude of @ 300ft. traveling at high
speed.
Its diameter was given at @ 2 It. at that distance, and it
was
said to be "full of little lights" which formed a circle.
Its flight was absolutely silent.
The two girls said they watched the UFO flying overhead
in an ecstasy of emotions, as the craft disappeared behind mountain
"Hortiatis"......
Time
of the sighting was 7.35 p.m.
As it can be seen, this above reported sighting took place
only a few days after mine, with exactly the same description of
the UFO's appearance, same
direction of travel, and some of the
flight characteristics
matching to those that I described.
The exact location of this sighting is between my home and
the Air Force base I saw it heading towards after my second sighting.
Total distance between my home and the Base,
is @ 4 miles.
Distance of the radar on top of mountain"hortiatis" and my home, is
@ 10 miles, but visible from our terrace.
My home, the Air Force base, and the Air Force Radar on "Hotriatis"
form a perfect isosceles triangle, If not considering the actual
"driving" distance to the Radar being grater due to higher elevation
above sea level.
At the end oi the attachea clipping, the journalist makes
a short cross-reference to the sighting reported by me-I have circled
my name in red- in an effort to make the girls' report sound more
as a repeated one rather than "the first one on his paper"....
:: =
Fien

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 506, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
April 14, 1971
Iwo sketches below indicate elevation of craft in reference
to our terrace level (@ 301t irom ground), anaturning angle Ior
the period UFO was in sight.
Sketches are very rough, but they are to merely help you
evaluate as many details on the sighting as possible.
2.- Angle swing of course
of travel as seen from ground.
UFO
L@40 degrees
1e= Elevation:
UFO
showing
actual tilt of craft
W
-E
DUFo
@30ft.
CUFO
*'''
-Terrace level
Point of
sighting
innitiation
poe
Point of sighting
initiation
