{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T01:42:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 23, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4042055, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125966-naples-italy-november-9-1990-foreword-of-the-event.pdf", "source_sha256": "20dfc541131ab706394868d08f6d4455e038a9c7ef318d251517b121c3fd4807"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1890, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Belore starting to read the following sunmery about the landing of an U.F.O.in Ciccian
(Naples, ITALI) ,it's better il the readers will be well inforned about the analysis arose
from the exam of the UFO's landing finds, in reference of the Chemical-Physics change
offoots of the traces on the ground nade by the UFO In Bequel of an Eleotro-lagretic
fiola"- in the frequenoy of high power miorowevos -; these anelysis represent ef scleri..
tillo confirmation about the Ell. propulsion of the UFO's, confined by many resoarchers
till how, but never proved by Laboratory data These data,anyway, camé from traces on the
ground made by other UTO's landings occured in different times and places very far from
each other These cases we're talking about are - in ohronological order- Delphos (Kansas,
USA) occured ini/VER/nd (Il, Trans-an-Provence(Gard, TRANCE), oocured in I98I/
¿bout the miorowaves, but perhaps this is only e "curious coincidence", the name of the
Fadioastronomical research SETI (Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence), gave by the
American Congress to NASA in the Ilth October 1992 together with an allocation of 100
mlilion dollars, is now HRS, which means"ligh Resolution Microwaves Survey".
At last,about the Chomical-Physics change effects of the traces on the ground of the
UFO's Landingyas quoted above, the Chemical researcher Mlessandro DATTILO (co-author with
• the Electronio researcher Vincenzo IORIO about the analytical investigations on UFO's
landings in Luógosano" ard Ciccieno) has elaborated a vhysical theory to exolain tho
interaction mechánism with the environment of the prinary energetio phenomenon, or UFO,
so to say Such a theory, defined as "MODULATED FIALUS", is briefly reported in the follow-
ing treatise.
::
The
Investigator:
xxxxxxXxXX>
FOOTIOTES
(3) Ufological IosearoL Bulletin lo 39-AV-0I- made by the investigator Umberto TELARICO.
-
-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
1.
-ISPORT -
= Reconstruotion =-
TYPE EVENT: sighting of an UFO with traces on tho ground;
PLACE: Darco Verde - CICCIAO - provinco of Neples;
DATS 07 THi IVENI: Saturday, I990/NOVEMBER/3rầ•
üaturday 1990 November, the 3rd, between 20/00 and 20/30 pm, tiro young boys, XXXX
and XXXXXXXXX I respectively of II and I2 ycars old, were sittin; on the bench
•placed behind the gas tank (next to the tennis sportground) in the area of "parco verde"
where they live with their own families (ADDRUSS:VX
XXXXXX
XXX» They were talking about school and the holiday of that uny;intact their parents
allowed them to have a break at school, because that Saturday was in the middle of two
days of publio holidays Suddenly they hord a dull and nuifled noise,like a flash-light
&s the young witnesses deolared); they turned back and saw a violet intense flash, disap-
perring beyond he trees and the hedge, in the avenue between the building and thet teri
sportground Ihe distance, as the crow flies, between the place were the boys whre standing
and the hedge which defines the evenue, is about 20 mt The two boys, throuch an innes ave-
nue, reached in great haste (in about I3 seconds as timed during the roconstruction of
the event) the-link with the main avenue where, from a distance oi IO nt, they coulú seo •
thn pienomenon without any visual obstacle. They saw an object apparenil; hemispheric,
emittin, = violet cold light with green variogatures (such a lurinescence soemou not
to spraan beyond its perimeter).such variegatures,as the tro witnesses rovealed, uncer-
singly nigratad, remaining always alighted,with on irregulet and vindin; motion, on tho
whole surface of the UTO. Below the object, the witnesses observed three brigit onissions
(flames) of rectangular shape, about 30 om.long and clear violot in color;theso "flemes"
appearad one for each limbs of the objeot and a third one in the midilo of it.juch brigh
exissions showed a clean and exact outline, except for the side turned to the grouna, wric
appeared irregular and shaded locording to the witnessos, the brighi emission in the
middlo were more wide than the other two, which were equal fron each other The Flying
object vas suspended from the ground at about 2: 30mt;its basis nas about at the sono
lerel of the balcony, at a distance of 70/30cm According to ile vitnosses, thettu emitted
a kind of low intensity hissing sound From the beginning of tho observation the fljing
objooi,riti a modorate speed, raised up vertically "hen alier recched an altituilo from
the ground of about 5/6 mt, with a sudden acceleration, the UTO lisanpecrod in the derk
sky, partially cloudy The quick disappearance of the phenomenon has benn Jerceivad by the
vitnesses only thanks to its "trail of light".
All the observing phenomenon has lasted noï more than i/S soconds. Bacarus of tila snort
distance between the witnesses and the UFO (about ID int) They hava estimated d0o reel
size (according to a comprehensive view under which the phenonenon vera abnorved -
0380****
.. .
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 2698, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- see picturo " - picse I)is ¿bou 1 at its length i23is,and I ri its nainan height.
During the slow raising up of the objeot, the witnesses oould see more clearly (because
of the changinz of the comprehensive view) tho lover side of the J'0 the beloir "flameg"
were tubulas shapesnot reotangular; they were four and not three, as before confirnad
because of the different comprehensive view The thrae bright anissions, squal from each
other, were disposed on the exterior edge of the UFO's basis, on the vertices of an
hypothetio triangle. The bright enission in the middle of the object instead,also apparen
tly tubular shaped, looked like more wide of the others During the sudden acoeleration,
acoording to the witnesses, the bright emission of light in the middle oi the UFO incraz-
sed its dianeter During this phase of the observation, Carmine l. and Indovico C, could
notioo the basis of the flying object as an ellipsoidal shapedolben the Uño suadon
upwards speeded up, the witiesses didn't perceived any hissing bound or noise Now, while.
Indovico Go tan towards Lis friends into the gerage (Where they vero playing) to tell
them what be and Carmine saw, Carmine Mo Femeined again on the observing site for about
I minute more he could see, thanks to the light of the streetlamns, a blaok notes cloud,
Because of the windjaocording to the witness, the shape of the cloud was oblong and lodge.
= bit more over fion the landing site of the UFO Aocording to XXXX M.,a share of this
motes fell down iri a puddle of rain water which seemed to put on a colour like the ink,
After that, Carmine I. reached XXXXX. and his friends in the gararo. Both the witnesst
• declered that, after the disappearance of the phenomenon, the image of the UrO still
persisted on the retina of their eyes for about I0 seconds more.
After ten minutes time, the two witnesses, together with all their frionds, went back to
the landing sita; one of the witnesses' friends, 4
* oi ton years old,saw on tha
concrete ground some strange black spots, never seen bofore.So, the tro witnesses saw and
conneoted these traces with the appearance of the UFO This connection is logical, because
the traces agree (in number, shape and distribution) to the light emissions observed
under the fiying objeot. IXX. declared also to have touched these bled: spots with his
fingers, without perceiving 'heat or to dirty the fingers itself.
ifter 40 minutes from the observed phenomenon, the traces on the concreto groud have been
seen, by Carmize's mother
• *XXX XXX›and by tro oi hor guests, los uritonella
GRASSO and irs AX
losuch a traces appeared clean, oract ard with an homogeneous
coat of black sediment.
The Investigetor
2-
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 276, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
fF

 pleTete LO _

qmeet -—+ «a —

> pata: @/wov//$40

-
|
4
. - a
™
—
'
-
+
— ——_
ama 4 » * e* . v « . ww erty, * , ‘

VPP bwer tees {te Meee "Ett - acres * . -s: = «8 oe 4¢ 6 ° . -“~ se ee Ce oe, - = et em ee
whew int e -- - =

s

bun at i eo "37 tow eet ee ry +. Ld a a ee

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 9, "chars": 96, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "clean-vision"}
3° Fase
• Ricostruzione
grafica - B-
ge FASE
1° FASE
Tem 52* cm. 90
-
33-
- ст. 230
* ст. 117 *

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 795, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• PETURE 3
LUNGHEZZA
STENDIBIANCHERIA
nt 2,80 circa
BALCONATA
FILI STENDIBIAN-
CHERIA ( i 4)
IN HATERIA SINTE-
TICA ESTERNAMENTE
E 4 SOTTILI FILI
DI ACCIAIO INTERNI
20
cr. 60
RICOSTRUZIONE GRAFICA -C-
PALD LAHPIDNE
HURETTO II CINTA CON
SIEPE SUPERIORE
h-HURETTO = cM. 52
H-SIEPE = cr
90 circa
LA-MURETTO+SIEPE = en 142 circa
Cr-
1.
285
::..
сМ.
: cr_ 46,5
43.87
1n 36÷.
350
сп. 292
cr. 137.
_cm 202_
сМ.
PALD LAMPIDNE
cM. 19
_ 9. 398
сп. 535 -
LIMITE INIZIO CAMPO TENNIS
PARCO VERDE
VIA ROCCARAINOLA, 83/BIS
• COMUNE DI CICCIANO ( NAPOLI ;
PIANTA DI PARTE DEL VIALE POSTERIORE CON
RIPRODUZIONE DELLE TRACCE E DELLE STRUT-
TURE MURARIE E FISSE ADIACENTI, CON RELA-
TIVE MISURE IN cM.
AREA DI GIARDINO
TENNIS•
6
Ricostruzione grafica di UMBERTO TELARICE
Realizzazione grafica di SILVIO DE ANGELI:

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 587, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
= Snowe . Bemet op tee ee ti gate tt

Oe ee ey peti a, ut

to! *.

Sewn le eo 0's Bae

ey oe =- tet o

“STTBONY Bd OIATIS Ip LdIZe4G auoizezzvey

SINNAG Odwv3
SNOIZYNIWN IH

INOWILS3L
ANOIZ(ISGd vt

> —______

ODN ISL OLYSGHN IP vagus auomnuz soapy

——s -_.-35

+
et he Le

SINNSGL OdWe3

—— * OSSAYONI
A)
|
| O 4
SINOLdIWNY I
a
Fr
lap sera
=
ro
1,
| — ir
86’E'Fu 0
Oo ~
lo
fj

ee
/ | ANOIdDWYv 1

Olvad | | :
| Al |
Se ee
jh. te
SN Sg ra _ BNOIdWY7
AN a Ee | Oo
te te ) 4 ’
NS RRS | I
ocaieepea J tae
IN'10
eG INONILS 31. A

IZ{iSOd v2 rN

e
: = “a= Precy om 4.6,
-

«
‘*s) oe ete =
.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 406, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RICOSTRÚZIONE GRAFICA FORMA DEL PRESUNTO UFO, IN ACCORDO
CON I DATI TESTIMONIALI, LA STRUTTURA GEOMETRICA DELLE
_ TRACCE E I RILEVAMENTI METRICI DEL SITO OVE DETTO FENO-
MENO SAREBBE STATO OSSERVATO.
RICOSTRUZIONE GRAFICA -G-
1)
VISTA IN PIANTA
PARTE INFERIORE
3) VISTA LATERALE
:2)
VISTA FRONTALE
RISPETTO AI TESTIMONI
Ricostruzione grafica di UNDERIO TELARICO
Realizzazione profica di SILVIO DE' MiGELIS

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 309, "chars": 2017, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
232410L22TEC 241D CE SOLLECTED SAL 2L31
(Desorlotion of the semples collected,after a Tisual, Olfnotory and Taotals exan)
Iype event: -sighting of an UFO with traces on the ground-
Places -Parco Verde-CICCIANO Province oÎ Naples-
Dates -Saturday, _1220/NOVE4BER/3rd
: "
Natural ground (or comperison) :
The comparison samples of the ground ere morphologically shown as olassic agglomerates
of conorote vith different size compound by travel (that means fragmented stone) partial-
at the air, bas a clear colour with round edges, because the ground,meanwhile, has been
in succession trodden. On the contrary, the amalgam of sand and cement has a clear grey...
irregular ravines. The fragments of the ground are covered up by 2, grey/green patina,
more dark of the amalgem and almost homogeneous, made by microscopio Lichenes (a symbio-
tio association of a mushroom with a soawoed), typical of damp places and not directly
exposed to sunbeams. The semples of ground do not emanate any particular perceptiblo
5mell.
• Ground of the trace (or suspicious) :
ho scuplös of the trace of ground show a morpiological structara siniler to those of
natural ground; the only difference consist of i lend/prey/black superficial petina,
alrost even apparently of carbon orizin.If We Iub one Of our fingers or sich = coal
Datine, it lezves a black sediment on the skin, similar to that left by the srapita or
100doorI: The samples of the fround do not emente any particuler perceptible roll.
Loft thread for drying washirs :
The thermoplastic threads (marked as Jable No I end 0 2), having on 275 in lensti and
mm 3 in dianeter, are conpound by a soft external plastio blue sheath, by an internal
thickness compound of thin white syntetic fibres, and by an heart of four thin steel
wires. fith a careful visual comperison of both threads, we won't notice any differerce
or elteretion between the thread placed above the trace on the ground (-h-or suspicious
line) and the remainder thread.
The Ane1yst
XXXXXXXXX*
- 9=
...
9
....

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1709, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- I OR DIE COLLECTED SAPLES AE THE CREION EI23050OE3 -
Type event : Sighting of an UFO with traces loft on the ground;
Place : Pardo Verdo - CICCIANO - Provinoa of Naples;
Dete: Saturday 1990/NOVEMBER/3rd
USD EQUIPMENT: professional microscope - PAIN 600 X-
USED MAGNITICATION: 8x10=80 - 8xI5=120 - 20xIO=200 -
Observed under a magnification of 80X and 120% a concrete fragmont type - 4- (natural
around or conparison) appeares as a mixture of heterogoneous elements kept together
by cand and cement. In the amalgam we distinguish the following components:
1). sand mixed with Silica glassy fragments;
B) = large quantity of'stores or broken stone fragments;
C) différent largo white/dull orystals of Carbonate Calcium;
D) a lot of black mineral struotures.
Obnerved under a magnification of 80X, I20X, 200%,a concrete fragment type -I- (trace
ground or suspicious) appeares covered by a thin carbonio layer, homogenous ind close
to à calcareous sublayer. The fact that the surface of the traces, though the presence of
en oxtrono unevenness (such as holes, ravines, atc.), shovs en honogeneous distribution
of the carbónio yelliclo, dó not edmit that this could be the result of a deliberate
rubbinz with wood-carbon and/or blacklead, so a fraud. The fragments of ground oï the •
traces show, anywey, an increasing reflective pover because of carbon and crystalline
layers from which they are compound.
From the samples of ground we observed some Inrge white/dull Carbonate of Calciun
crystals emerging from the carbonio layer. Under a microscope observation, the samples of
ground where the traces are located, appeares in colour as right metallic/srey.
The inalyst
xxXXXXXXXX
-10=
...
...
.......
paro
10%

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1724, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- MEASUR AND OF EHE BEECTRIC RESISTACE OF GROUND SALPLES -
Type event : sighting of an UFO with traoes left on tha ground;
Place i Pardo Verdo -CICCIANO- Province of Naples}
Dates Saturday I990/țOVEMBR/3rd
" a si....
*Through a gentle instrument of olectrio measuremonts, such as an eletronio restor.
mod DE 12257.32,nade by the fin I.C.I. of Hilan, it 1s been drawn the olootrio resister-
o of a sample dEput the traco 19ft by the UtO (or suspiolous) and a sample of
noture ground (or comparison) The result it's been that the surfaoe of the sample of
trace ground (or suspigious shown, even if with an amount not numerically quantificated,
arduotiaty higher, than the natural ground (or comparison) The measurement of the
ample or suspicious, ground bas been drava on the superficial'
carbonio layer of the
„sample, itself.
.:.
:
The Analyst
Vincenzo IORIO
- RESULTS OF CHEMICAL TESES IN DAMPNESS -
Typo avent: sighting of an UFO with traces left on the ground;
Place: Parco Verdo - CICCÍANO Provinde of Naples;
Saturday 1990/HOVIN:B3R/3rd
The rosults of chemioal analysis in dampress, about the presence of Chations and Hanions,
carried out on a sample of ground of the trace (or suspicious) and on a samplo of
naturel ground. (or comparison) according with the most trusted and sophistioated x-reys
Epeotsography10, exam (BiDoS. X-RAX), confired the porfoot and equal qualitative simt11-
tude of the two analysed samples of ground Anyway, the absence in both samplos of ground
of sulphates, Chlorides, Phlorures and: Lunar Caustios, confirned by the low value of PH
(aquivalont at about. -7) has excluded the pouring on the ground of any acid substance.
The Analyst
VXXXXX
...iG .!.
i e!
• 1
!
...
"т.....
11
aarons, ..

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2782, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- A CO BID RATION MAD DID CONCUSE OF 0 ALS -
Type event : sighting of an UNO with traces on the grour;
Plaoe: Peroo Verde -CICCIANO- Province of Naples;
Date : Saturdas, 1990/NOVE:B3R/3rđ.
1)
The analysis at the D.S.C. (Differential Soanning Calorimeter) allowed us to
establish that the ground of the traoe (or suspicious) had undergone an Foli.
irradiation with high frequency microwaves for about I0 seconds The intensity of such
Irrediation has been not nore than 360 times that produood by an I induction oven,
having à power of 2500 Watt and a frequency of 2,2 Chr The remaining presence of not
cërbonized orgenio material in the traces. loft by the U7O on the ground (or suspicious)
proves that the irradiation with microwaves has been probably accompenied by a thernio
Flash more then 1000°C Lasted for ebout I secondasuch thernie ossects produced the carbo
nization of organio material (lichenos) oil the ground in the irredieted area,vith the
consequent syrithesis of now organio compounds, in oriein not located on the natural ground.
i DIFFORENTIAL SCAINING CALORIMETER OF Do5.0. -
(Thermodifferential Analysis)
Description of the used analytio procedure and evaluation of obtainsa results.
the thornic anclysis carried out on a sample of ratural round (or comparison)-sce DSC I
shore an esothernio reaotion of it in consequence of a provable combustion between 100°C
and 300°C and a carbonization phenomenon which starts at 460°C All this leave no coubts
about the orgento nature of the superficial layer loented on the semple mentioned above,
where no recognizo the thermio behaviour of the inert matorial, such is the Carbonate of
Calcium.
The thermic analysis carried out on a semple of ground of the trzoo (or suspicious)-500
DSC 2- shows a more inert thermic behaviour, and the absence of combustion reactions till
...
250°C, with the consequent damagement of the organio material still Incated on the sample
itself;this last circumstance is confirmed because the carbonization reaction of the
remaining organio material mentioned above starts at the temperature of 300°C.
The result obtained, thanks to the microwaves treatment, it's been very good Infaci, if we
compare the graph DSC -4-, concerning the semple of comparison ground treateá with micro-
waves, and the graph DSC - 2-, concerning the sample of grouná of the trace (or suspicious)
• we will notice their similar behaviour (see DSC - 6-).
ünfortunately,about this sample of comparison ground opportunely treated with microwaves
thougi it is thernically similar to the sample of ground of the trace (or suspicions),
we don't notice any obvious carbonization effeots, but only a quiok dehydration effect.
Such dehydrated effect happens because of the prosence of Lichenes on the ground surface
-12-13-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2856, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that, containing more water, have probably undergone a quick denydration end combustion
effeot, generated by a cellular explosion.After the effect above mentioned, the surízco
of the sample of comparison ground treated with niorowaves assumes a soft inert, and
Elmost "luzar" appearance because of the presence of small craters.
Ihe carbonizetion of the orgenio matrit, noticed on the sanplo of suspicious groud, could
We provoked by a very quick thermic flash that has warned up in a short time this orga-
nio matter with a temperature of 1000°C From the graph DSC -6- we will have a confirma-
tion of what mentioned above where, besides the simile behaviour between the sample of
suspiolous ground and the sample of comparison ground treated with microwaves, ve will
notioe the absence of no carbonization effects, shoring the presence of complete organio
material (that means not carbonized) on the sample of suspicious ground (where the traces
are located) •'ihat we said has been confirmed by the obtained Visible and U.V. spectro
photometrio results which. bave
been further explained next.
..'
: ' The Analyst
XXX
T3)
The thermogravymetrio analysis (or I.J.i.) confirmed the reason of the traces on
the ground in teris of heat and microwaves. The test above mentioned allo rad us to
verily a warming up of I49°0, in about IO seconds time, of the ground of the traces. Such
temperature do not justify the oarbonization of the superficial orjanic layer (Lichenes)
of the ground, ar traces; however, the most probable supposition is that of a thornio flash
of 1000° lasted for about IO seconds This bysothesis has been experimentelly confimed;
infeot,efter we've put in an eleotrià ovengwith a tamperaturo of II000 a sampla 0f
"comparison ground and kept in for about IO seconds, ve heva obtained tha carboniretion
of the súperficial layer of samnle.
Ine inalyst
Xxxxx
XXXXX
C)
The thermomeccanio analysis (or T.il.A.) on the samples of ground has shown that
the ground of the traces, (or suspicious) had undergone a consnicuous thormic stress.
Ile I'lodeanalysis, now carried out on samples of thermoplastio cable (loft threads for
drying washing), has shown a different degradation (or Polymerization) of material
placed "direotly above the trace - 4- on the ground, respect on that noticed on the sample
of 10 radiated thraad (or comparison) suon degradation is tha consequence of Jacreaso
of the polymerio chains and the lowering of vitreous transition temperature, because of
an Electro-Magnetio irradiation in the field of microvaven. On the grounds of the Ioilalo
- 3~ procession, we've established that the entity of a possible thermia component on tha
thermoplastic cablesyhas been 10.000 times lower from that vinduced by Micronaves,so
Indestruotible at the warming up effeot of the microwavos themselvas Thanies to r nathe
- 14-15-16-
.....

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2775, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:..
ratio procodure, it's baen possibla to carry out an approxinate calculation about the
exposure time of microwaves aiong the radiated thermonlastio cable (or suspicious); the
result was 0,54 seconds.
..
• Considering the partioular nature of what we are studing,it is been thaught to verify
the Chemical-Physios condition of the two thernoplastio threads with a steel heart (used
for the drying. washing), marked as thread No I and thread No 2. This exem should allow too,
• verify if these threads had undergone an Ili radiation as equal as the ground where the
traces are located. During such inquiries, we've used the IllA technique which allow to
, measure the thiokness variation of a meterial, subordinated to a thermio offeot, in ordor
of milllonth millimetré No, havo used this teohnique beouse, in such particular materials,
the degradation changes their vitreous transition (which is the temperature where a
thornoplastio naterial changes its viacosity features) In the i
Eraph TA-I-, concerning
the sample of comparison thread (N0 2) picked up away from thread No I (suspicious), we
notioe the degradation features of the mentioned material. In this case, the Orsar tempo-
rature (which means the degradation temperature of sample of such material) is I75,5I°C.
In the graph TiA -2-, concerning the sample of thread No I (or suspicious), which is that
one picked up from the thread above trace -A-, we notice the degradation fectures of the
material mentioned. The ONSET final temperature of this kind of
sample is I74,I3°C.In a
first estimated evaluation, the analytio data provided by graphs TA I and iliA 2 do not
point out' tãe existence of any big differonces between the analyzed samples of thermo-
plestio reterial. But, if we compare the two mentioned granhs (see TA 5)ve"11 notice ..
different degradation bends, concerning the comparison thread and tha suspicious thread.
Infect, the thiokness of suspicious material sterts to decrease at about 60°C.It is =lso
pointed out the parallelisn between the mentioned bends.
In the sraph Ill 7, concerning the comparison between the reph IN I (roierred to the
"emplo of comparison standard thread) and the graph referred to a sample of comparison
thread, treated for 2 minutes, with microwaves, and with limbs dipped into the water so to
absorb only I0" of power of the oven,we notice that the degradation temperaturo is chan-
rod to (compared with the sample of comparison standard thrand) 60°C, near the torporature
"of the sample of susploious thread. Now, the analytic data show that the reason of suspi-
clous degradation material (it means the line of threed located ebove the trace 4 on the
ground) is assigned to en Electro-lagnotio tonic effect in the microvaves fiola.
Ine Analyat
AXXO
- 17-18-
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2989, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1) The Visible and Ultra-Violet speotrophotometric enelysis shows thet on the ground.
of the traces (or suspicious) happened a Chemical process of organio syathesis; this
is proved with the presenoe, on the ground of the traces, of organio substances non-existent
oz the semple of natural ground (or comparisos) Suoh synthesis process of new organio
produots confirus the byphothesis suggested from the DoS. C.analysis about the non-thermic
nature of what caused the trzoes on the ground.Ihis test also confirmed the existence,
- about tha material of the treces on ground (or suspicious), of a ron-carbonized residual
produot
already mentioned by Dos C.analysis.
The speotrum io II shows a olerr red shift effect,which means a shift toward lower fre-
quenoy; infact, while the wave-length of mazimum absorption of the comparison sample is
- 226,3 sin, that one of suspicious sample 1s 249,4 nm.A11 this means that the suspicious ...
sample has an hyperohromatlo effeot (or absorbence increase) Probably such hyperchromatic !
effect has been provoked by e breakage of cyclio molecule containing double effects.
infact, while the ring residual produot of circular molecule produces a red shift effect,
the hyperchromio effeot is caused by chemical groups called buxoohromes that have taken
the place on oyolio substance rings, forming a process of organic synthesis In the spectrun
II this process of orgenio syntbesis is symbolized in the area marked with letter C with
a maximum absorption of 277,5 nm Ihe area C borns thanks to the absorption of organic
• substances, which do not exist in the comperison sample, to the prejudice of substancos
located in the area markea with the letter A The area narked with letter 3 corresponds
to the 'remaining non-carbonized organio material, still located on suspicious semples.
The point markad as 315 rm is not an isosbhetio point, which means the reve-length ihere
coorist only tiro chemicel kinds in balance, but only an effect mede by the instrument
during the ohanging of lamps in the passage from Jisible to ltra-Tiolet.
et the end of this last test, ve can say that the hyphotesis concernia, the presence (on
tho ground where the traces are located) of not all carbonized organic material and
organio material structurally changed, is confirmed by the lisible and U.V.spectropioto-
metrio analysis. Then, we continuo saying that the synthesis process of now organic sub-
stances on suspicious samples is more realistio of a degradation process it the erd of
all this, we confirm the. Electro-Magnetio nature of what have caused the traces on the
ground left by the UFo.
Tho Analyst
*xXXXXXX›
3)
The optical analysis with the eleotronio mioroscope about the only sample of
ground of the traces (or suspiolous) shows,close to the calcareous sublayer,=
superflolal dark and uniform layer, almost soft The morphological foatures of such super-
ficial layor, let us to thinic to a orbonized organio material formed by Lichenes.
-
19-20-
•Ku
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2508, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A Bample of ground where the traces are located (or suspiolous) It's been sumittal to
optical analysis through electronio microscopy Photo lo I shows a dark surfaca with 0o-
centrío contrasts, because of X-rays. Such dark patina depends by e soft superficial leger
baving e thickness of tenth millimetre the features of this dark patine let us to undor-
stand to be an organio layes made up by mioroscopio Lichenes Photo lo ? (placed in Appen-
dix), obtained from computer analysis, shows in detall the structure of the superflolal
carbonio layer of the ground where the traces are located.
The Inalyst
г)
The chemical analysis oarried out with the technique of Energy Dispersive
Speotrometry X Rey (or E.D.S.X RAY) 'determined the chenical composition between the
samplo of suspicious ground and the sample of comparison ground. The speotra of these san-
ples are identioal;so this confirmes their common origin But only in the spectrum of
ground of traces there is a not related element belonging to the group of Tere grounds:
it is the Hytterbius (Ib) "Ihe percentage relation of Silicon/Hytterbius and Iron/Hytteri
bius compared with pércentage relations of the sane couple of substances, even if: they :
are terrostrial or.
cosmio origin,it's been above such known standards.
•Descrintion of used inalytio procedura and arcluction of ostrinar: anctiltri..
üype avant : jighting of an U7O with traces left on the stoiu;
Plice
: PArco Terdo -CICCILIO- Province of laples;
Dato:
saturday I900/10VE D53/3rd.
¿ sample of ground of the traces - or suspicious-(see sraph lio I) and i varplo oi naturel
fround - or conparison (see graph io 2) have undergone rany trials, such as the chonical
unelysis with the E'D.S.X RAX techninue. This techniquo, first of all, ins given prominence
to the samples of ground; infaot they are made up with olassical building natorials, for
oxampla concrate. The elements which make up our samples of fround are:Calciuni (Uz) comir
from limestone silicon (Si); Iron (Fe); Aluminiu (11), Titanium (Bi) Potessia (3) coming
from clay.
What distinguish the sample of suspicious ground from the sample of comparison ground
is an enlasion of 7420 eV (electronTolt) -500 graph No 2- The computer associztes such
energetio emission of 7420 eV not to a second emission of the Iron (Fe), but to a first
emianion of an element belonging to the group of rero grounds, and nost precisely, the
Hutterbius (Ib) After repeated E.D.S.X'RAI analysis, oarried out on different zories of
-21-28-7.-

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2907, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
buspicious semplo, re established that the emission of 7420 el comes only fIon
superfioial areas of it.Such energetio emission of 7420 oV do rot come out from the
comparison ground (see graph llo 2), even if it's been redoubled the aoquisition times,
tbat is to say, the number of effeoted readings time. Infaot the reading time for the
Buspicious sample Has 90 seconds, the reading timo for the comparison semple vas I8O 3e0.
Sinca in graphs No I and 2,in the interestead area of 7420 ev emission (ve also notica
a systenatio drag mistake of the graph plotter) it is been done -always thaniçs to the
. computor an enlargement of the area referred to graph lo I In this way,we obtained a
more detalled and olean graph (Bee spestrogram to 3).
The next additional inquiry, carried out on I992/JANUARY/I6th concerning plasma
...analysis of the suspicious sample, confined in it the presence and percentage of
Ilytterbius (Ib), already indicated before.
- To comparison: sample in CICCIANO -
H)
Thanks to the results of the tests concerning the verification of a possible
fraudulent origin of the traces on the groud and all the dispetchod Chenicel/Phy-
sios analysis,we can confirm that such traces has not been made by artificiel neans, so
we exolude their fraudulent origin ibout the possible natural origin of tho tracos, re
• can say that, bocause of their regular shape and homogeneous structuralisations, they have
i0" been produced, by a lightning fell or by an electedo alesna disciento of etmospierio
phenomenon ilowever, because we do not know other natural phenomena thet orn nrodios these
affects similar to the traces on the ground left by the ITO, le must reject the byprothe-
sis of tieir fraudulent origin.
- FINAL CONCLUSIONIS -
The obvious agreement of the results of each tests has an analytic uninohangeable e0-
quence The event that has produced the traces on the ground in CIUCILO-Province of
Naples-on I990/10VW133R/3rd, is an Ileotro-Magnetic energotio event, in the field of high
frequency and low penetration microvaves The entity of such energetic avant it's been
not above 360 times from that produced by our Fall induction oven, having a power of 2500
latt and a frequency of 2,2 Gha•Besides this Joil.factor, it is put side by sido it,a
thermoenergetio component, short and intense, of 1000°C for a term of about IO soconds.
About the presence of Hytterbius (Yb) into the ground of the traces (or suspicious) at
the moment we haven't any theoretical model, natural, artificial or of other kind;to ex
plain Its presence and its high concentration compared with well-known terrestrial and
cosmio standards About the Hytterbius, it is better to undarline the Chemical/Physios
features of this element (see the enolosed schedule about 1.D.S.I BAI tests on page ....
and of the rare grounds, whioh determine their use in tha cleotronio fiali and nuclear
- 22-23-24-
нат
...
17
покій т

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2012, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
technology About this, we will list the following applications of the Hytterbius:
- magnetio bibbles instruments (such as Orthoironshod of Hytterbius);
- in the Phosplorus to convert Infra-red light to Visible light;
- as transparent screening to thermio zeutrone (used in nuolear teohnology): *
Always talking about the Hytterbius, we know that suoh chemical element has the iowost
boiling-point (1180°C atmospherdo pressuro) than other olenents bolohging to the group
grounds About this conneotion, as an interesting piece of information, we notice
the colnoldene between tis last feature of the hotterbius and the faot that the ener
getic fleid of the UFO in CICCIANO (Naples) generated a temperaturo to the ground äbove .
I000°G, that means the temperature able to bring the hytterbius at the bolling-point and,
hypothetioally, to produce residuals sediment of this chemical olement on the ground of
the trapes; loft by the uo....
At the end, as solentifio advisers of this event, because of nunereous and exaot analytio
data pioked up, we oan confirm that the traces on the ground, are not fraudulent natural
or conventionel.To give e full interpretation of the
events explained in this inquiry
roport ara to give an explanatory hypothesis ooherent with the events above explained,i
it is better to all upon the urological researcher to speak,! "LARICO Umborto.
The Analyats
(chemióal expert)
IX
(industrial eleotronic
ex-
pert; chemical researcher)
- INFOZIATION OF THE LABORATORIZS VERE HAVE BODY DISPATOIS TIE CHSMICAL AND CHARICAL/
PHYSICS ANALYSIS OR D EVANT -
- Informations about the Analyst and list
concernin
the
exams -
Iype event : Sighting of an UFO with traces left
on' the ground;
Place : Parco Verde -CICCILVO, Province of Naples;
Deto : saturday I990/NOVD:B.AR/3rd.
.....i
PRIVATE LABORATORY OF. CHEMICAL ANALISIS AND ELGTRONIC EQUIPHETI
Office : Via Caduti sul Lavoro. No I6, CASERIA- Italy
Analyst: Mr
DISPATCHED ANALYSIS!:
Physios/structural analysis -
4. "
... ....
:
24-25=
26=.....
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1767, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
201219532627215 -
I) ANALYFICAL EXAMPLES FOR CATIONS IDENTIFIUATION (obtained on samples of ground).
2) ANALITIUAL EXAMPLES FOR ANION IDLITIFIONIO (obtained on samples of ground).
3) ALONIUM TEST FOR HYTTSRBIUS IDENTITICATION (obtained on samples of ground).
4) NOTORIN COLOURIMSTER TEST FOR HYTTERBIUS IDENPIFICATIOII (obtained on samples of
ground).
Analyst
DIMPAICHED ANALYSIS:
- Thermio analysis
-..
-...
I) DIREURENTIAL SCANNING CALORILETER SKAN (Or D.S.C.) (obtained on semples of ground).
2) THER OBRAVISTRIC SXA (or I.G.lo) (öbtained on samples of ground).
3) TIER O ECCATIO EXA: (or Toiolo) (obtained on samples of thermoplastio cablé and on
samples of suspicious ground).
- Spectrometric analysis -
I) VISIRI AND ULTRA-VIOLET SPSCTROPHOTORETRIC EXAlI (obtained on samples of ground).
2) BERGE DISPIRSIVS SPECTROMETRY I-RAI (or E.D.S.X-RAY) (obtained on samples of ground)
3) PLS A ATALYSIS (obtained only on samples of suspicious ground).
-
- Zhoto zaphic analysis -
I) PHO:0-72:2HII0 3Xi» UNDER AT BLECTRONIC MICROSCOPS (obtainad only on semples of ground
where the traces are located).
:
The office of the laboratory is rigorously private,end so it is peremntorly forbidden
its spreading.
- ZIAL CONCLUSIONS OF TRIVESTIGATOR ABOUT THA DEBT -
Type event : sighting of an UFO with traces left on the fround;
Place & Perco Verde - CICCIANO Province of Naples, I"ALT;
Date: beturdey 1990/NOV#BER/3rd.
Bringing up again with the UFO sighting with trades loft on the ground in CICCIANO on
1990/10V3/BER/3rd, the inquiries results confimmod what before expressed by the inves-
tigator. The analytic results have proved that the traces
on the ground are not of frau
dulent origin or natural known phenomenon, but of an energetic phenonenon mixed with
-26-275-28-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 482, "chars": 3065, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
microuevas and heat of unicorn neturo.
About the nature of the energetio phenomenon, on the grounds of evidence data, laboratory
data and geometrioal data of the traces on the ground, it seems impossible to be conneo-
ted. anong well-known acoepted phenomena All aoquired data on this event let us to think
that was a phenomenon having all features of a tridimensional solid body, with geode sha-
pe, and a powerful
energetio potential (concentrated in ita lover side in four emission
points.) Suoh conolusion 1s also confirmed fron the flight dynamios analysis of the
UFO phenomenon.le reconstructed this flight dynamios on the grounds of evidence data,
azalytic data, and on the position of the traces on the ground; that is what it led to:
I) on the grounds of evidence data - a fast descent from tha sky, towards the ground, in
an erea full of obstacles, such as street-lamps,an high vire-netting,an hedge and a
buildinzi.
2). on the grounds of logically procedure - stop of its fest descent to avoid the in-
pect against the netallio rod of the drier washing and the first two thermoplastic
threads connected at it;
3) on the groinds of analytio data - stop, for about I seconi,above the first tro loft
threads for drying-washingi
4) on tie grounds of logically procedure, brinzin. attention to the position di traco
"I" on the ground and the absence of melting nerts on thermoplastio threads because
not exposed to the tharmio flash notioed, on the contrary, on the ground - lateral
displacement manoeuvre to slip under the drier-washin?;
"") oi the Founds of analitio data from I Goinaxams - stop,for about I0 sacondi,it a
distence: from the ground betireen 0 and I00 cn.i
5) on the founds of logically brocadure and avidanes lad - latural tuplacarest rago-
t i taking off tie natalllo rod of tha drior lashing and the first to
thermoplastio threads connected at it;
7) oil dis grounds of evidence data - to gai naicht et molaratia snead iron 2,ji it. to
S at. from thé ground;
U) on the founds of avidenca data - rapid acceleration marl aal 00 saqueit disapya-
rEnce.
Such complicated flight dynamics led again to a flying object drova bi e nilot or farther
radio-controllod,thanks to a sophisticated guido-system.
"bout the tachnologioal origin of such UFO phenomenon, because ita features
dynemics and propulsion are not equal to our used technology, it is logically conclude
that the zerial phenomenon of this inquiry report is part of a class of perial/speca
phenomená bolieved to bolong to an extra-terrestrial technology.
"bout the aifinity between the event in CICUIAO and others nell-known urolo toal events
it is right to conneot this already analyzed event and the famous Vashke, erhibit, issued
in the italian newspaper "LA SIAMPA" (Jurin) on 1935/JAULRI/3Ist on D030 4.
the common factor between the tro events is the presence, in them, of minerals belonging
to the group of raro grouida: in CICCIANO we have ilytterbius and perhans luthezions ind
Thulja (211 notioed on the ground where the traces are located); on VAsiKi exhibit we
- 6530-
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 483, "chars": 3084, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
microwavas and heat of unknown neturo.
Aboutlthe nature of the energetio phenomenon, on the grounds of evidenoe data,laboratory
data pnù geometrioal data of the traces on the ground, it seems impossible to be conneo-
ted. among well-known aocepted phenomena.All aoquired data on this event let us to think
that was a phenomenon having e11 features of a tridimensional solid body, with goode sha-
po, and i powerful energetio potential (conoentrated in its lover sido in four emission
pointa.) Suob conoluision is also confirmed from the flight dynamios analysis of the
UFO phenomenon he reconstructed this flight dynamios on the grounds of evidence data,
analytio data, arid on the position of the traces on the ground, that is what it, led to:
I) on the grounds of evidence data - a fast descent from the sky, towards the ground, in
an erea full of obstaoles, such an stroot-lamps an high viro-netting, an haigo and a
buildingi:
2). on the grounds of logloally procedure i stop of its fast descent to avoid the in-
pect agalnst the metallio rod of the drier washing and therfirst tid thermoplastio
threads connected at it;
3) ox the grounds of anaiytio data - stop, for about I second,above the first tid loft
threads for drying-washing;
4) on the grounis of logically procedure, bringin. attention to the position oi traco
"A" on the ground and the absence of meltin, murts on thermoplastio threads because
not oxposed to the thermio flash notioed, on the contrary, on the fround - letoral
displacement manoeuvre to slip under the drier-washing;
3) ostra rounds of analytio data from I Goioexams - stoo, for about IO secondispat a
distance from the ground betiveen 0 and I00 cm.;
5) on the founds of logioally procedure and ovidance lada - latural diuriacarant mano-
eurea to avoid, taking off, the netallio rod of the drier yashing and the ort tro
thermoplastio threads
connucted at it;
7) of the grounds
• of evidence data - to gain height at nodarata snead from 2,3ü it. to
s'at. from the ground;
3) On tha rounds of avidence data - repid acceleration anard and oo aaquent disappea-
Such complicated flight dynamics led again to a flying object drove by a pilot or farther
radio-controlled,thanks to a sophisticated guide-system.
doout the tachnological origin of such UrO phenomenon, bocause its features of shape,
dynamtes end propulsion are not equal to our used technolosy, it 1s logically conclude
that the aerial phenomenon of this inquiry report is vert of a class of nerial/space
phenomenà believed to belons to an extra-terrestrial technology.
ibout the affinity between the event in CICUI/NO and others woll-known ufolo cal evants
it is right to conneot this already analyzed event and the femous Vashko orhibit, issued
in the italsan newspapor "LA STAMPA (urin) on 1935/JA7027/3Ist on bage 4a
The common factor between the two events 1s the prosenoo, in then, of minorals belonging
to the soup of taro rouda: in CICCIANO we bave lytterbius and porhans luthezious and
Thulja (e11 notioed on the ground where the traces are located); on VASIKA exhibit we
29-
30.
"..
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2806, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have vuerious, lentanious anu neolyniors (a vorte metallia allos). l
Moreover, the acquísition on November I99I Of en UTO report originated fron USSR, about
e sighting of an UrO with traoes loft on the ground in a place not too far from the town
OF TORONIZH (roported on an article with the title "UTO IN VORONEZH" issued in Russia
in the analysis about the UFO event in CICCIANO, in the Soviet UFO report ve will notice
an high oonoentration percentage of Hytterbius on the ground where the traces are loca-
tod, and it is not connected with ninerals of the same origin group, such es the Ichtyous.
For note details, see the enclosed documents.
Is it a coirioidonoe the disoovery, in all three roported U7O events, of minerals balonging
to the group of one or de it a íg of an enon elo! leve it
is more probable the second supposition.".
...
About the UrO event in CICCIANO on 1990/ovember/3rd, hypothetically and as a simple
starting polat of a roseirch in future, we think that the Hytterblus, anelytloally verities
on the growid where the traces are located, could be explained as the residual of en
energetio söuröe conteining rare grounds conneoted with Plasme production obecked by an
high frequency "leotro-Magnetio field. The presence of microvaves, the type of luminosity
emitted by the UFO, the features of energetio enissions under the flying shape (such as.
Interel exact and irregular outlines turned over to the ground), and a less consistency
of enorgotio offect in the middle of the traces on the ground (equivalent to = typical
ring shaped of "lasma), are all facts coherent with the propulsive bypothesis expressed
before:
=*.
it the end as investigators of this event, he think that the high quality end professio-
nality of this researoh makes it one-of those events to supply, together with other pro-
fessionel Uros evonts, an answer to meny questions that still surround the Utos technology
Furthermore;ve aro sure that the following ufological inquiry report is one of those to
face and got over any scientific analysis, if only this objectivitly seeks the truth with
out
no preconceptions or compromises.
The Investigator
XXXXXX
Thé object, not-terrestrial, has been found by Soviet Fichermen.
' THE MISTERY OF "TASHKA EXHIBIT"-
OsCOW: that kind of mystery exista around the "xhibit of Tanhke"? It is an alloy of
rare elementa, a fragnont bright motal in colour and a3 big as » fist, found in
sunmer of the year 1976 neer the river Veshka in KO I IUSLIC (about IUDO Im north easl
of loscoir); the verdiot of the soientists,after years of studion and sophisticated labo-
ratory exams is that such alloy is impossible to be obtained, on tert: rod thet it is not
a natural fragnent.
"'.
Is it a work of an ancient explorer from space? Did it belong to an extra-terrestrial?
- 30-
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2253, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the oviet neEpEDa: "SOISILISTIC SKAJA INDUSIT:" publishad à raletion Ebout scion-
tiflo inquisies, but is agree with soientists on the fact that it is a mystarious object
indeod.
The fishermen who found it were surprised of the soarkles hion it emitted when they threa
It against a stone, and when later on they tried to cut it with a saw, That's why it ended
up in the Geological İnstitute of Russian Acadeny, which sent sono samples fror it to
other researoh institutes. but the surprises didn't finish yet: with tha most sophistica-
ted analysis instrunents, it was found a composition of elements which do not riloy in
the tortestrial nature.
The "Vashke exhibit" 1s made up -67,24 by Cherious, a metal used for flints (this expla-
ins the problem of sparkles); I0, 9; by Lantanious, and 8, 78% by Neodinious, both of them
belong to metals of raze grounds. Yot, small quantities of Iron and lagnesium and -0, 049
Uranium: and holybdenum•
Another detail: on Birth, the Iron reaots with the Oxygen, producing Oxides; in the exhi-
bit of Vashka they do not exist, In that mysterious blook we elso baven't theiproducts
Îrom Uranium
disintegration, which ooours every 100 thousand years: so, it1s not 2 natural
elemerit, but an artificial one Furthermore: in any alloy of rara metals, as specify the
soientist Fomento who belongs to the Commitee for Anomalous Phenomena and that is devo-
ted about this problema, there are impurities made up by chenicel elements such as Caloium
and Sodium (impurities also found when are used sophisticated sophistication methods):
well, in the "Jeshka exhibit" these impurities do not exist.
Through different evidences, it's been escertained that the allor In is been produced
using motal-dust Dheoretically, -declares Fomenko- this i DOssibia usin: » Joli processy
axertin, pressures of ten thousand atmospheres iron the siana ol tha erlibit, iù ioduces
that the fragment was part of a cylinder or a ring with I20 on in diametor; on the barth
do not exist installations to produce such bir objects under those pressures.
Is it a work of an Extra-terrestrial? Who knows! Ingry,/ithin eraot limits: the analy-
sis with Isotopics - says Fonenko- denotes that the "ixhibit oi Tashka" comes Irom our
folar Syster.
PAL.
23
