{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T16:08:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1696564, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125916-british-columbia-canada-january-1-1970-hospital-article-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "0413698493d060f88e978e15771cff6801a2fe36f9c11f61ef1421f854f99718"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 730, "chars": 4252, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Occupants
Seen Near Hospital
MissX
XX, a practical nurse, and
Mrs. X
XXX7, a registered nurse, are
employed together on the night shift in the
extended-care ward for elderly patients at the
Cowichan District Hospital at Duncan on
Vancouver Island.
Theirs is a position that requires a special
degree of tact, maturity and gentleness of
manner for it is at night that their patients,
often unable to sleep, have long lonely hours in
which to contemplate the little that remains for
them in life. A word or gesture of comfort from
the nurses on duty is all they have in their
fading world until the routine of morning
helps them into another day.
It is immediately apparent on meeting them
that XXXXXX and XXXXXX both in late
middle-age, were assigned to their particular
work with these qualifications in mind. In
addition to what training obviously has given
them, they have an inborn quality that invites
trust, and it was no surprise, after we in-
terviewed them, that friends and former
patients of each told us they would accept their
word under any circumstance. Coming from
several who had doubted the existence of
UFOs, this was a significant tribute in light of
what the two nurses (with partial confirmation
by two others who arrived seconds later) said
they observed outside the hospital just as 1970
was dawning on the Pacific Coast.
It was turning five in the morning of Jan. 1
when XXXXX, concerned that one of her
women patients was restless, switched on a
light to attend to her. Deciding the patient was
100 warm, she went to a window near the bed
and parted the drapes to let in a little fresh air.
"Just as I pulled the drapes a brilliant light
hit me in the eyes," she said. "It was still dark
outside, but about 60 feet away right above the
children's ward, there was this object so big
and bright I could see everything clearly."
(Immediately to the left of where Miss
XXXXI was standing, a wing of the hospital
juts out at right angles. The children's ward is
on the third floor of that wing. With Miss
XXXX on the second floor of her wing, this
meant the object was hovering above her by
slightly more than the height of one storey and
a little to her left.)
guess you would call a top and bottom. The
bottom was silvery, like metal, and was shaped
like a bowl. There was a string of bright lights
around it like a necklace. The top was a dome
nade of something like glass. It was lit up fron
nside and I could see right into it."
continuing her account in question-and.
answer form, MissXXXX said there were two
male-like figures in the craft, one behind the
other, facing to her right away from the
hospital. The one in front appeared taller, or
perhaps was positioned higher, than the other.
Their heads were encased in close-fitting dark
material.
As she watched with intense curiosity, yet
completely unfrightened — "I never felt so
peaceful in all my life. I wish I could have
talked to them" — she became aware of seeing
more of the interior of the craft and realized it
was tilting. In a moment she could see to a
point just below their knees and noticed they
were standing in front of what looked like
stools.
"They looked like fine, tall, well-built men,"
she said. 'They were dressed in tight-fitting
suits of the same material that covered their
heads but their hands were bare and I noticed
how human they looked. Their flesh seemed
just like ours."
Intrigued as she was by the appearance of
the iwo figures, Miss XXX found her in-
terest mainly centred on what looked like an
instrument panel facing the one in front. One
reason for this, she thought, was that she comes
from a family of racing-car enthusiasts and
automotive mechanics have always held a
special interest for her.
"The man in front was staring at the panel as
if something very important was going on, and
I wondered if they might have had mechanical
trouble," she said. "I even thought they might
have landed on the roof of the hospital and
then had trouble taking off.
She described the panel as a very large one,
taking up almost half the interior of the object
and reaching nearly to the top of the dome. The
instruments, if that is what they were, seemed
to be inset in the chrome-like metal of the
panel and there was a variety of sizes.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 684, "chars": 3839, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mias
The total sight was so absorbing that at first
Miss XXXX thoughts were lost to everything
else, and for a moment she forgot Mrs
was in the same room.
"Then when I did think of it, I guess I
hesitated," she explained. "I felt I mustn't
make a noise or do anything that would break
the trend of what was happening."
At this point, almost as if her thoughts were
being read, she saw the figure in the rear turn
slowly and face squarely in her direction.
"He seemed to look right at me but I couldn't
see his face. It was covered by a darkish
material that looked softer than the rest of his
suit. I'm sure he saw me because then he
touched the other man on the back."
Miss XXXX said that what followed, again
possibly because of her interest in mechanics,
made a sharper impression on her than
anything else in the entire incident.
"When the man in back did this, the one in
front reached down
and took
• hold of
something like a lever beside him. I'll never
forget how deliberately he did it. He pushed it
back and forth and the saucer, or whatever
you'd call it, started to circle slowly, still close
to the building, in an anticlockwise direction."
The motion seemed to break the spell for
Miss Kendall, for then she remembered Mrs.
Wilson was there and called her over.
Later we spoke separately to Mrs. Wilson,
who continued the story from that point.
"I noticed Miss Kendall standing at the
window and wondered what she was looking at.
In fact, I was just going to see when she
beckoned to me, and then I saw this great big
light over the patio outside the children's ward.
I'd say it was quite a bit larger than a car. (By
the estimate of both witnesses, the object
spanned a width of about five windows of the
children's ward. This gave it a diameter of at
least 50 feet.) It looked circular in shape and
the far side seemed to be higher than the side
near us. It was moving around slowly and then
it started to move away. I didn't really see any
top or bottom to it. It was all just tremendously
bright. Some people say we were looking at a
plastic bag with candles in it, put there as a
joke. But it would take a million candles to
make it as bright as that."
Mrs. Wilson did not see the "necklace" of
lights described by MAX* nor could
she see inside the object and consequently saw
no human-like figures. Since this appeared to
be a serious difference in the two reports, we
asked Miss Kendall in a second interview how
she might account for it.
"I think XXXXXXXmust have come just a
bit too late," she said. "After the thing circled
four or five times, it started going away, farther
along by the roof of the children's ward, and I
couldn't see inside it either."
Not being precisely sure how close the object
was when XXXXXXX irst observed it, Mrs.
XXXX could not say whether or not this did
explain her failure to see the occupants. But
the fact that she came to the window in time to
see the craft circling, and then saw it move.
away, suggests the explanation of distance does
not quite fill the bill. So without intending to
add anything to the narrative that the witnesses
themselves did not observe, we offer another
possible explanation merely for the sake of
conjecture.
It has been noticed in UFO sightings that the
object when stationary gives out less light than
when in motion. This rule, of course, is not
invariable. UFOs emanating no light at all have
been seen moving at high speed, while others
glowing brightly have been seen to hover and
even to land.
But the increase of light with motion does:
appear to be a general characteristic, and it is
one that may have prevented Mrs. XXX›
seeing the interior of the craft outside the
hospital. All of Miss XXXXs observations in
detail were made before the craft started to
move. After that she, like MrxXXXX was
conscious only of the light and motion of the
4

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2360, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
craft. In other words, by the time Mrs.XXXX
reached the window the brightness of the
object may have increased to an extent that all
details were obscured. It would have been like
staring at the headlights of a car. All one could
have said about the car itself was that its lights
were bright.
This in turn may account for the fact that,
unlike Miss XXXX, Mrs. XXXX|felt only
alarm when she looked at the object. Some
maintain that at times through some kind of
chemistry UFOs are able to exert a calming
influence. But in this case it appears to have
been the peaceful manner of the two occupants
that dispelled any fear Miss XXXX might
have felt.
At this point two other nurses on the floor,
Mrs. CXXXXXyd Mrs.XXXXy, hearing the
excited comments of the first two, rushed to
another window of the ward but could only see
what they agreed was a "bright light" receding
in the distance. Seconds later two other nurses
also looked out a window but saw nothing.
Apparently by that time the object had moved
behind trees that border the hospital.
A significant factor of this sighting is that
none of the witnesses made any effort to
publicize it, yet at the same time made no
pretence of being secretive. Knowing of our
interest in the subject, another nurse at the
hospital who is a friend of ours phoned us a
little later the same morning and it was through
this connection that we arranged the interview
which was later reported in the Victoria press.
Immediately the story appeared, the two
witnesses, like ourselves, started to receive
phone calls by persons who were legitimately
• and intelligently interested and by others who
professed
to
have exclusive private
in-
formation about the incident. It was here that
we acquired information of our own about
people who, for some reason that escapes us,,
want to establish that they have the inside
dope. We heard about half a dozen different
versions of the incident being a put-up job. We
were told by some it was a bunch of school kids
having fun and by others it was a bunch of
drunks. In two or three cases names were even
mentioned but in no case did the names agree,
and in no case did our callers explain how so
As nurses watched from window out of sight on lett,
UFO with two occupants was seen outside children's
ward on top storey of this hospital wing. It spanned five
windows, starting from left

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ATs ne . ett hE orp mr TL tot emir, Se
. e .

ne a ey ewes 5
aren oe z ar eae 2 4 bs F ~ eg” - a * ATW: Tp ead * ad
Be Ly 4 ay . Ne a x a) ‘ Oo Te? - ,*4 wt ” ' Mm -
. ee bathe aot 7 = afin St ag on Ea ro pee, ge
. veto : abs a an Ns te oats Rhy ST ERMME sabes gh eR lg 5 ‘ ° < ee
a ey . : - - a
. . . : Ot ey Me, ’ “ $ a + ra —% § - ~~
+) _* meuxeATEse nce Tatars ws ee . -
a = Sn ; Peamed yee i eg A. dn ow,
2 2, dame “n ie . - il : , *¢ \ Vit ss Sy,
A oF any date’, . . " “ Pad ae . ; “ - ie , Bt
‘y ae as an : era Pik yer: : A vat" A aed sod eit 334
te Oe ate 3 oan Om “xs ess aw acer 9 As abn ie Pa Se ‘ ™ Se"
- *~ ws a wv: ws ° ' Pay ae A ‘al BRT OS eds aunt pese San SEL ee , ' 2 eS
* . we. * “Fa etme -_ ‘ sf hed aon fy as Ms e.
re . ar) - or a St a “ °
~~. . ro... eae Fe chart Foire : ~euk
re : as , mate tak G BOL Let
14+ rah Te, eee es en ne sober y a
arg “9 an << ify . . ar oF. A
2 as ‘a re . fa *
See: - :
or Th RY tN TO, ts . tw twee wot ‘os :
RANA Te gen” MN SR ih ena te 4
«-“ CA, vo awe ne -,f * “er
. . : . w a od . a ' 7s pe
witht, : ~~. * . * 9: ' ' rad ‘* a #
eee at ay Ral oan ie set peg 4 ot. ¢ yer. ve batts « > = wat ~ “
we. owt ve ow et, eae PT ae te ag nA OE eh ve oe ae OS
ee * at hats ae ane $ \ eS y ~ Be weary Qh” . aan , ie ote
aa : ~ aie tends ae mae nt par et OS oT gre
ve wm aA. toe” eg ete pigine pty
we a aes AS, Ta an —* panne tt ws peg Se Tre
« « ~ eae Lm, i = - ; -
nie a ye
a ees”
am ase whl % we we <
” ed,

wy 7 y * , ¢ ~ 51 pg
a res a Te ve Ee, .

2 FRASER

sat
‘ Pa ae,

a
seeds Shere

2

ua! 3 “14 +2 We, te
edie - Spite Depa eet a
. “aM

. .
Ls
cael SE

Tijise

he MP reset

: ‘Pp ry oe
oe to
~w own ne a5 ee

PALL Tg _ : 5 . ad 4 ee ' . 4 . . oe 1 a pe: eee 4 a A es dus .
om nal a f 1s oe. ‘ ' a Ca rs Hf sao Ue
q . 5 . 2 ye Sra Pr teen . or Nee ~ ~
wae)
Rad

es)

‘ ? ey Ae STE ee ot

ny

wee Xo . . . . .
pee ow es a we 1 m .
i rate

a2. = . ” = =
HN Ss Re te eae

Net ina at ey te ws ~
2% ae tae: ma ee
ex” er, ne sR 9d AR Siettae a m .
eve Ss 0 teh ba Mautner ® Pee at Ot AB Fa WK ee ar we ts an ~ ye

oe

°
rpente*

aH

Aeris: AR a gg eat, ag FST te

ce Cas Wek fede wens hee Eats

Mee’

os ey
4 : ran bas ; : tae Sh
+, Pye q a rate. 3% .
“a J may " om 2 eae ~
° : oi he na +
we “te 3 . sem! Ae gag ee Trier yee «
io Parr rr vt ne: : ae dear 1 enter ‘.
= EN pw et os 7 esate xa’ “ . are : 4 Oger ipee 7* “% 2 . . ~ oe “ y.
een he gi CRN el Mr,” ad Os ee anal ™. Nee FE ae = haeatl ve  ttt e has 7

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 4670, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
much rowdyism was going on at the hospital
grounds without the police being called.
Also none of our callers mentioned another
extraordinary sighting that occurred at
Duncan within seconds of the hospital in-
cident, obviously because this one was not
reported in the press and therefore offered no
one a chance to give us "exclusive" in-
formation about it.
But the authenticity of the incident is un-
deniable because it was reported to authorities
before the hospital case had received any
publicity whatever.
In other words, completely unknown to each
other, two sets of witnesses were observing a
UFO in the vicinity of Duncan early that New
Year's morning.
The second set of witnesses was a truck-
driver and his wife whose names and report,
like the nurses', are officially on record.
Although admitting he had a few drinks, the
husband said the experience made him feel
cold sober and he was sufficiently affected by
it to make his report though it meant disclosing
his condition while driving.
The man said he and his wife had just
returned home from a party about five o'clock
that morning when their attention was attracted
by a huge white light "as big as a house"
hovering low over their place. The witness
described the light as somewhat oval or rec-
langular in shape (it will be noted the UFO at
the hospital was circular but, if seen at an angle
by these other two witnesses, it might have
appeared oval) and said that three or four
• shafts of light extended down at an angle
beneath it, converging to form a single shaft.
; This gave the object the appearance of a top. As
ithey watched in amazement for a few seconds,
"the light suddenly shot up and either blinked
out or disappeared in the distance at an in-
'credible speed.
"I may have had a few drinks," the man said,
"but I know perfectly well that had nothing to
do with what I saw, and my wife saw it, too."
Back at the hospital Miss Kendall, deciding
to put her experience on record, made this
entry in the hospital working schedule:
"At 5 a.m. I saw a flying saucer as low as the
third floor of the hospital when I pulled the
curtains. There were two men or figures in the
dome flying towards Victoria. (Miss Kendall,
iwho admits having an uncertain sense of
*. When Miss Kendall (opposite) parted drapes she saw
brightly lit object containing two human-appearing
direction, was wrong in this notation. Victoria
lies south of Duncan whereas the direction
taken by the UFO, as established by recon-
struction of events, was northeast./ The bottom
of the saucer was brilliantly lit and also the
dome - New Year's morning."
Of the iwo principal witnesses at the
hospital, MrsXXXX was the more alarmed
when she saw the UFO — in fact, as we have
noted, the sighting had a peaceful effect on
Miss XXXX — and later reported she had a
"tingling" sensation which may have been
caused by excitement or, as in some cases, by
some emanation from the craft itself.
Yet strangely it was MissXXXX who was
the more lastingly affected by the experience.
When she returned that morning to her home
in Nanaimo, north of Duncan, her brother who
was visiting from out of town immediately
noticed something unusual had happened to
her and asked her about it, whereupon she told
him her strange experience.
"For at least a weelafter that," she said in
our second interview, *I didn't feel quite like
my usual self. I think" that normally I am, an
outgoing sort of person, but now I felt very
subdued and some of the other nurses said I
seemed preoccupied."
By the time we saw her again, however, she
seemed completely relaxed and friendly and
though, by her own acknowledgment, she had
been through an experience she would never
forget, there was no sign that the incident
would alter the composed tenor of her life in
any way.
One would have thought that was enough
excitement for one day in the small town of
Duncan but the strange aerial visitors decreed
otherwise. About seven o'elock that evening the
glowing craft — or perhaps another of about
the same size — flew at low altitude through the
darkness in full view of a flock of assorted
witnesses at various points in the area. Since
the morning visit was not yet publicly known,
there can be no suggestion that people had
started seeing things on that account.
On this second visit the object appeared so
big and bright that at least one group of wit-
nesses could see it several miles away. The
observers in this case were Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Gillam and friends who were having dinner at
the Deer Lodge restaurant just off the Island
highway south of Mill Bay. To them the object
males. Apparently knowing they were observed, one
touched other on back.
7

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 627, "chars": 3571, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seemed to be over the Saanich Peninsula, about
10 miles to the east, and was headed in a
northeasterly direction.
"All we could see was a large ball of light
moving quite slowly, much slower than an
airplane," XXXX aid. "It must have been very
bright for us to see it from that distance. I don't
think a helicopter would have been that
bright."
Any thought that the object might have been
a helicopter was removed by the comments of
two other sets of witnesses who saw the light, or
another of the same general description, much
closer at hand.
One of these groups was Judge EXXX
XXXit, his wite and three dinner guests who,
at about 7 p.m. that New Year's Day, saw a huge
orange-colored light passing slowly along the
waterfront opposite the XXXX home at Mill
Bay. Reconstruction of the scene placed the
distance of the light at about half a mile. Since
the object, travelling
south at the time, was
staying close to shore, it appears the Halletts'
sighting preceded that of the XXXX who saw
the light, if it was the same, moving off in the
distance.
"This was no ordinary aircraft, and it was no
plastic-bag trick either,"
XXXXX
Xa said. "It
was making no sound that we could detect, it
was moving very slowly and it was enormous.
I'm quite sure no one could play a trick with
Judge & Mrs. George Hallett
such a large apparatus without being spotted.
We watched it for about five minutes until it
seemed to disappear into the clouds."
Then right on the waterfront we talked to the
Drummond family who for once and all
eliminated any idea the incident was a prank or
a normal flying occurrence.
Their startling experience occurred while
XXXXXXX a shipwright, and his wife,
X aboard the tugboat which they have
converted into a comfortable home, were
making a New Year's visit to Jim's mother who
has a house immediately overlooking the shore
at Mill Bay. It was she who had the first hint of
what was to happen.
"It was about seven o'clock and XX and
XXXXwere still on the boat, anchored close
to shore, when I went outside to call them in to
dinner, " she said. "Then I noticed a light in
the sky moving over the bay. I couldn't tell how
big it was, it was so bright, and it had a yellow.
orangey glow like sunlight.
"I got so excited I yelled to my son to look. I
ran out to the other side of my house but I
couldn't see over the trees. I tried to phone
some of the neighbors but I couldn't get
through on the party line."
But on deck Jim had received the message.
"I looked up and saw this light coming in
from the north, just about in line with our boat.
It was skimming right under the overcast
which was about 900 feet. I ran into the cabin
and grabbed my telescope and camera, and my
wife came out with me to look. We were really
excited."
Guessing that on film the object would
merely look like a blob against a black
background, Jim did not bother with the
camera but studied the thing carefully through
his telescope.
"It was sort of egg-shaped, in a vertical
position, but the top and bottom were in-
distinct," he said. "It seemed to be transparent
on top, and inside it I thought I could see a set
of lights but I couldn't really make out any
details."
To make it easier for her son to bring his
wife and little boy ashore, Mrs. XXXXXXXhad
switched on a flood light on the porch of her
house. Whether this had anything to do with
what followed is impossible to say, but for
some reason the object dropped about 300 feet
as it passed between the house and the tugboat.
It was almost as if it was curious about the
strong light shining from the dark shore.
8

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1602, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- =
Mrs.
Then something happened that on Jim made
the sharpest impression of all.
"Just at that point something came out of
that thing which by then had slowed down
almost to a stop," he said. "It was a ray of light
like a very thin neon tube, and it was in pieces,
something like the dots and dashes of morse
code. It came down in a curve and then it
flashed right out, all of it at the same time. My
hair just stood up on end. I couldn't imagine
anything like it."
After this weird performance the object
climbed back to its former height and passed
out of sight to the south. It was at this stage that
the Halletts might have seen it, their house
being in that direction. Significantly the wind
was blowing from the southwest at the time. If
the object had been a balloon this would have
driven it in the opposite direction.
Like other people in the Maple Bay area near
Duncan where he norinally keeps his boat, Jim
Drummond a few days later had another
sighting. But this time it was obviously some
part of a game that pranksters had started to
play, perhaps stimulated by the UFO publicity
which by then had swarmed into the local
press.
"The second one wasn't the same thing at
all," he said. "You could see it was a kids' job,
not a fraction as bright, and it was just bobbing
around without really going anywhere."
The rash of reports that cropped up for the
Seen in front of tugboat
which they
have converted
into comfortable home,
and
Xl were
treated
to spectacular Newo
Year's display when
giant
UFO flew close to vessel. Jim's
mother, whom they were-
visiting,
was first to sight
object.
9
