{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T21:43:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 785355, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125904-saskatchewan-canada-february-19-1968-ufo-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "4dc6ea6d0eea0faf5171a3dc09178327566a7cb3d394a570f68fcb434e0b61f1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 506, "chars": 3026, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
•4--
RECEIVED APR
2 1968
REGINA, Saskatchewan,
26 March 1968.
NAME:
LOCATION:
TIME, DETE:
WEATHER:
TEMPERSTURE
WIND:
XXX housewife, 30 years of age.
5 miles i-iN of Bengough, sast.
11:50 am - 12:10 pm, Monday, February 19th., 1968
Partly overcast following a light snowfall.
Very little, if any.
XXXXXX, while at work in her Kitchen, detected (heard) a high pitched
wiline which became more intense, louder, ana/or closer.
She states that the
whine was penetrating to a point similar to a mild physical electric shoct,
causing a tingling sensation throughout her body.
At this point she looked
out of her south kitchen window and observed what she refers to as a 'thing'
slowly circling over a pover pole, on which a transformer is mounted, about
eighty feet south of the above mentioned window.
The object was about one
foot above this thirty-five foot pole, moving in a slow circle
(counter clock-wise). She observed it make four cirewits of the pole at which
tine iù moved to a point some one hundrea jaras south of the house, buu still
within the fenced perimeter of the farm yard. Here it decended to
three feet
off the ground and hovered for five minutes, directly in front of three wrecked
cars. Mrs. Heggs noted that there was no exhaust visible nor was the new fallen
snow disturbed. She later inspected the spot and found no evidence of melting
or disturbance of the snow.
The object then rose straight up to about sixteen to twenty feet, slightly
higher than four adjacent grain storage bins.
It circled the bins and continued
to the north-east where three more bins are located and two tractors were parzec
nearby. It circled the tractors at a height slightly lower than the top of the
bins once, then noved northvard and slightly to the west to two parked trucks
and two elevated fuel storage tanks. it this point irs. Heggs noved to an east
window situated in the south-east corner of the house.
She states the object
circled the trucks and tanks once then moved north-vest to an electric cotor
operated water (well) puro situated directly east of her point of observation.
She states that the height would be about eight feet when over the purp and
about twenty-five îron her (the writers estirated this distance more in the
neighborhood of forty to fifty feet). At this point
Xlocked the only
door of the house which was situated near the window she was looking fron. The
object circled the pump once them moved eastward tovard a windbreak of trees on
the east side of the yard., It followed the windbreak nortbwata rising slightly
to about 12 feet. it the north of the farn yard it turned left following para-
11e1 to and acove a bedge 12 feet high, This hedge is inside the main northern
winabreak of trees which ara warty to twenty-five feet high. at the center of
the northern wiribreak the rain road enters the yard, at which point the object
made a right turn exiting fron the yard, over the entrance road and through the
break in the trees. It would be nine to telve feet of the ground at this point.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
→....
IWO
The object proceeded straight north over the slightly rolling field, not
'ollowing the lay of the land nor increasing altitude.
It night be noted
that irs.
had moved to a window at the north of the house prior to
the object following the northern perineter of the yard. She discontinued
watching same when it was some distance north of the farm. She had watched
During the first portion of the sighting irs.
noticed that the
dog was cowering, lying on the snow and trying to cover it's ears with it's
front feet.
Innediatly after the object left, the dog attempted to gain
entrance to the house.
Sixteen head of catule, running at large in the south-central portion
of the yard were seen to take flight when she first saw the object, running
to, and entering the cattle sheds located to the south and on the west side
the yard. Mr. & Mrs.
advise that this in itself was unusual as the
cattle feed and water outside and never enter the sheds during the day. One
calf, watering at the tine, and described as lazy, moved faster that she had
ever seen it move.
The cattle dia not emerge irom the sheds until well after
the object had left, probably thirty to thirty-five minutes later.
5, who was away at the time, returned about ten minutes
after the incident and found the door to the house locked. When Irs. Heggs
admitted hin to their house his first words were " Wonan, what has happenea
to you?", lirs.
was described as 'white as a sheet. Mirs. X
advises
'that she was badly shaken as she had been alone in the house accompanzed only
by her pre-school son and a two month old baby. A third child was at school.
Her description of the object is as follovs: (see diagram)
* The lower portion: described as two shallow plates placed lip to lip.
Superstructure: described as an inverted bowl mounted on top of main
body.
• Adáitional Structure: on top of superstruciure, a seconă snaller done des-
cribed as completely vented all around, such as a
heating register grill work or grating.
* Aerial
: four legs supporting a vertical shaft upon wich was
mounted a sphere the size of a golf ball.
* Ports
: in and around the superstructure were seen windows or
designs resenbling ports. The number estimated at six
or seven.
The material of these ports resembled frosted
glass, was not transparent, nor was light visible fron
the inside. Ports were 'arch' shaped.
* Colo=
: the whole object, with excention of the ports, was aull
aluminun colored with no shine or reflection. .
* Construction
: the lover body appeared to be constructed of about four
Large plates.
The word 'seams' was used. She stated the
seans looked sort of rivined.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2013, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- -
=---
THREE
:
* Manouverability : the object circled to the left at all times with the
exception of the right turn it made when exiting from
the yard. When making the turns the object banked
approrimatley six inches into the turn.
* Speed
• travelling at the speed of a slow walk throughout the
sighting until leaving when it sped up to a fast walk
The object DID NOT rótate.
lirs. Heges' impression of the object was that it did not appear hostile
but was only snooping. Eros the manouvers she feels it was intelligently con-
trolled.
There is no phone on the Heggs farm but a day or two later she spoke to
a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in Bengough who appeared to take
her lightly, and apparently no formal report was taken fron her.
She contacted
a Regina radio station, Cich, by telephone enquiring from them as to what she
saw but was agin taken lightly. Her main enquiry to the RC.P and radio station
CKCK was to how she could have protected herself. They gave her no satisfactory
answer.
The impressions of the writers are as follows:
The X
• operate a mixed farming operation.
Their neans are less that well to do.
They did not seel publicity.
*
Mr. ¿ lirs. Heggs appear to be of average intelligence.
They are hard working, common people, staying nostly to themselves.
She had read of UFO's previously but felt this object was smaller than normally
reported, adding that she thought two to four occupants could be confortably
seated in same, should it be under intelligent control.
She talked freely of the incident but was somewhat concerned with the legality
of having her name published. She later consented to have her name published
either through the news media or by NICAP.
* lone of the people we spoke to in the Bengough area gave adverse statenents of
the Heggs.
* She had a polaroid camera in the house but no film!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please advise if additional infornation is required.
The area is virtually tree-less, except for an occasional clump of bushes.
Compiled by:
A a

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 399, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
scales a ten «1ek
road
Bengough, Saskatchewan, Canada
{trees =
*treesy
hedge; h = 9 It.
"buck-
brush!
larm
house
ритр
fence
gate
trucks
L
tanks
garage
pole, /h = 29 It., with
transformer
traqtors
cattle
sheds
grain
bins
hover
point
grain bins
0OOO CE
wrecked
Repeara
farn machinery
farm
I maChinery
NORTH
Tara yard supercedes
the map supplied with the original report (dated 26/3/68).
This measured
