{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:35:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 916483, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/125965-bridgeport-ct-1989-ufo-sighting-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "a8e7f7411c791ef7c6bb9edebdd6e95fdefd95055ff4b13624e211b170ce1102"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 2918, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
03/08/90
xXXXXXX
xXXxxxXX
xxxxxxxxx
xXXX
Sir:
Considering the fact that, at times, I feel something like Captain Ahab (but
without the crew) in my persuit of this subject, it was most gratifying to receive
your reply. From one Mark to another, then, allow me to express my measure of
appreciation and the hope that what I have, and hopefuly will continue, to offer
your organization will be of some degree of value.
Insofar as your own analysis of reports is concerned, along with the belief you
hold that through careful collation and
patiently keeping a look out one should be
able to at least minimize the odds against missing an anticipated return of this
object -or fleet of them - I am in complete agreement. It astonishes me no end
that others with anything like the interest, time and
resources that are required
• and these need not be that overwhelming - have not been able to successfully
follow through to this end. I am not one to criticize others for what I myself
have not accomplished (though I am sorely tempted to), but what does it take to get
some people on the ball. Cost and personnel projections I have made for this area
are relatively modest.
Anyway, I do suspect that there is some kind of modus
operandi lurking just beneath the surface of these appearances, a "trigger" if you
will, and in time I think it will present itself, at least to a certain extent.
Time and again I am struck
but the way this occurs in
similar locations at similar
times, yet on a sort of rotating itinerary. It's as if someone wants to make it
predictable - but not too easy.
As you will see from my enclosed notice, I have been making provision for an
attempt at spotting/filming this thing(s) when it does return; unless, of course,
a new phase of activity is about to commence (re: the 01/27/90 "fireball" sighting
up the east coast), in which case, the importance and interestingness of all of this
is in no way diminished, just shifted. I have also forwarded to you another rather
crude evaluation of an
earlier sighting; a Bruce Maccabee I definitely am not, but.
I trust it will be of some value.
Finally, a brief -if ever I am capable of such a quality - word about my immediate
area and myself.
Stratford is the home of the Igor Sikorsky Memorial Airport and,
therefore, of the manufacturing plant which produces our government's helicopters
find so much excellent use in such places as VietNam, Panama, etc. Likewise,
there is a Textron/Lycoming division nearby which is instrumental in creating those
marvels of modern engineering, namely the M1 tank engines (NATO generals have slept
more soundly for years knowing those were in the pipeline). Also, of course,
Textron has the V22 Osprey which it devoutly hopes the Pentagon will still Lust
What does this have to do with the price of my postage? I don't know, but
I suppose it should be factored in - god knows some of the witnesses seem to think
so.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1273, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
p.2
I, your humble (sort of) servant, have only become acquainted with the topic of
UFOs late in '87.
For twenty years of casual familiarity with the subject I had
come to assume that there was always an explanation that was scientificaly based
When I discovered that this was not the case it floored me. When
I came upon
the information included in "Night Siege" that a sighting of some
consequence had
taken place just down the street from where I had been on the same
evening, I was
further amazed. Needless to say, when the 8/31/89 sightings took
place just outside my
place window (I work in the evening) and again I had
it!... well, I take
that sort of thing as a direct challenge.
So be warned,
whoever or whatever is out
there; I may not be missing a leg but I will not miss
my next chance (I hope).
Whatever does take place around here, be assured that I will contact you about it.
in communication with someone from the Trumbull Times and have also made some
contact with a local cable TV reporter (not overly interested, however), since I
know that there is strength in numbers, and I can use all the help I can get.
Once again, thank you for taking the time to correspond with me land for putting
this rambling of mine).
Good Luck To You In All Your Endeavors.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2757, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Here are some locations that offer panoramic vantage points over those areas
at which, on more than one occasion, something has been sighted.
Since some of them are, to different degrees, impractical for extended night-
time use, it might be worthwhile - if one is of a mind to - to mention to anyone
you know who lives close
to any of these places to keep an eye out between 9 PM
and midnight on the evenings previously indicated.
TRUMBULL
1.
Tashua Knolls Country Club Golf Course, along Madison Avenue; especially
near the church at intersection of Madison and Tashua Rd. View to East & SE.
2.
HillenDale Country Club, along
; Roosevelt Drive adjoining Scenic Hill Rd &
long Meadow Rd & Heavenly In.
View to West towards Rt 25.
3.
Nichols Memorial Park, along Unity Rd, opposite Saybrook Rd.
Summit of hill
that: overlooks tennis courts gives view from Lake Forest to Pequonnock Vly.
4.
Daniels Farmn Road, from overpass off of exit from Rt 25 up to crest of hill,
near Trumbull High School..
BRIDGEPORT
1. Brooklawn Country Club, at top of Algonquin Rd, near tennis courts. View
to East.
2.
Park Avenue, between Ninety Acres Park/Fairchild Wheeler Golf Course.
3. Saltsam Road, running parallel to Rt 8/25 junction; view to SE of Bunnell's
Pond - Beardsley Park.
Anywhere between Sylvan Ave and White Plains Rd.
4. Summit of Boston Ave, near Success Ave, gives good view of NE to SW Bpt.
STRATFORD
1.
2.
Between Irap Falls and Beaver Dam, intersection of Huntington and Shelton
Rds (Bpt Ave?), overpass of RL 8.
View to SW.
St Johns Cemetary, off Nichols Ave near Stratford Armory. Also general Hawley
Lane Mall vicinity: throughway interchanges/commuter parking areas.
These areas are not elevated but are right at or close to flight-path locations.
Merritt Pkwy, exit 46 & service area, alongside G.E. corporate 11Q.
Tunxis Hill Park - Mountain
Grove Cemetery.
All around Island Brook Reservoir
All around Canoe Brook Lake
Easton Reservoir, especially at far north point (Rock Raymond) and far south
point (Dam off Park Ave).
I 95, between exits 25 and 28.
If all this seems a bit much, just think how convenient it would be if a lookout
could be kept from one of these hi-rise buildings:
The Huntington Apts, Park Royal Apts, Embassy Towers,
Executive House Apts, Dinan
Center, St Vincent's and Bridgeport Hospital. (Maybe I should have myself put
under observation at one of those!)
In order to view anything through binoculars, best lens types: 7X50, 8X56.
35mm Eilm cameras: lens of 35mm or wider (lower number), using fast film: 1000
of 1600 ISO color print film. Manual lens setting: f4 - F7, but a tripod is
still advisable for best clarity.
Eventually there will be an update and reevaluation of all the 8/31
sightings.
HAVE A GOOD HOLIDAY!

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 745, "chars": 4557, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
THURS — MAY 4
UFO sightings reported;
Kaolian's unconvinced
By MIKE PATRICK
Post-Telegram staff writer
Fairfield County residents re-
ported seeing a large, unidentified
ning me sky sours day rough the
But Sikorsky Memorial Airport
Manager Morgan Kaolian blamed it
on a group of nearby pilots playing
Easton resident Brian Dumas
said he saw a UFO flying near his
home between 9:30 and 10 p.m.
Thursday.
"It looked
• like a flying-wing-
type shape with lights in the back,"
said Dumas.
"It flew over the tree-
line in back of our house."
Dumas said the craft resembled
the U.S. Military's new Stealth
bomber, with red, yellow and blue
lights in the back and a blinking red
sightings,
airplanes.
In he West, hester proup have
flown in circular formation and on
cue have turned their landing lights
on and off, giving the impression of
one mammoth craft, he said.
It is suspected this group then
collects the newspaper clippings on
UFO sighting
"They must have a bunch of
belly laughs on the public.
:" Kaolian
said. "They usually pick very clear
nights. I've been trying to catch
them for years but I've never seen it
myse!f."
A Trumbull woman who didn't
want to be identified telephoned the
Post-Telegram Newspapers, saying
the low-fring ubject was as big as a
football field and V-shapea.
A low. mellow hum was amitted
from the UFO, which was adomed
with lights. she added.
Trumbull and Easton pulice de-
partments reported receiving sever.
al calls of UFO sightings Thursday
night.
Ironically, the same night, local
cable television suppliers broadcast
the popular science fiction movie.
"Close Encounters of the Third
Kind."
It is about alien visitors who
land on Earth in brighily lit flying
saucers.
UFO sighted in Trumbull again;
police receive 'numerous calls
By DAVE PELLAND
"I'm not crazy-l called the police, and apparently,
I'm not the first one 10 call in," he said,
If you are one of the many residents unsure about
what you saw in the sky last weck, then someone yants
Tho
Trumbull
Police
Department
reccived
"numerous" calls reporting a UFO flying low and cir-
to compare notes with you.
Douglas Strickland, an engincer with Textron.
cling, according 1o the department's clephone log.
Lycoming,
said he is secking
information
from
"I'm really intorested in pinning this thing down. My
father worked in Sikorsky for 15 years, and he can
residents of the Danicis Farm Road area who may have
spotted some sort of unidentified flying object in the
identify a helicopter by the sound. This time I got him,"
Strickland said.
sky last Thursday night.
Strickland said he is secking help from residents so
Ho said he is discounting the possibility that the
he can compare notes regarding what people saw, as
lights were placed in the sky as part of a hoax.
well as when and where it was spotted.
"'I can't rcally find a feasible answer. It would have
"It was a little bit confusing. I'd like to lalk to other
taken n tremendous amount of moncy and energy lo do
people to see what they sasy," Strickland said.
uhts. I did some triangulation, and it was between 800
"About 10 p.m., l got off the Rl. 25 ramp onto
and 1,300 feet above my hend, The lights changed color
• Daniels Farm Road. I saw a cluster of three con-
and a bluo V formed out of nowlierc. I don't know how
centrated, bright red and white lights. I dismissed it ns a
someone could have pulled this off, or why they would
'helicopter or shatever, but it sas a bit too peculiar.
wind
10.
"It travelled slowly parallel 1o Rl.
25, lowards
"I'm not a crackpot, and I'm not the only one who
Bridgeport, and then turned nong Danicis Farm Road.
sily this. I want to know what the other people saw, " ic
When I got to Stobel Road I pulled over, and the red
said.
and white lights disappeared, and it looked like a bluc
Strickland said he hopes that someone cise who saw
boomerang-kind of like a giant hangglider with soft
the lights contacts him l 732-4988 so he can Icarn
blue lights," Strickland said.
more about possible explanations for what he saw.
Strickland said lie grabbed his lather "lo mako surc
"I'm really interested in talking to pcople and doing
someone else sees this" and the two men followed the additional rescareli. I want to get a better idca about
object to the foriner golf course along Danicis Farm whaterer it was, and sce if tiere is any information or
Road. He said the objce disappeared, and the men pirts of the story I missca. This is what 1 do all day—l
spent more than an four scarching the dark sky in vain.
solve problems. This one is particularly interesting.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 720, "chars": 4229, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
_*==
GREETINGS ONCE AGAIN!
By way of an epilog/prolog to what has already been gone into, I thought I would provide
you all with this report which was originally put together last June.
These sightings
were not investigated in sufficient depth or detail due to the reluctance of most
of the witnesses.
However, I believe the basic information is accurate.
On Thursday, May 4th, 1989, at about 8:55 PM, a married couple were driving up Dewey
St, which runs along
the eastern boundary of Mountain Grove cemetery in Bridgeport.
They were on the way to meet with another couple at the Now Colony Diner located at
the corner of Main and Charles streets for a late dinner. Through a gap in the 20-30
foot tall conifers that border this large, old cemetery where lie the remains of P.T.
Barnum, they spotted a group of bright white lights that appeared to be situated on
• top of
the high rise apartment building
located at 25 Cartright St (8 floors w/
penthouse: approx 100 feet high). At first they both wondered if these lights could
be part of an air-conditioning unit of some sort that might have recently been
installed
on top of the building or if they simply had never noticed it before - they both work
close to this area and frequently drive through it. However, as they arrived at the
North Ave/Dewey St intersection and waited for the traffic light to change, they got
a better look at what now appeared to be a "jet plane coming in for a landing", They
saw a wing-shaped arrangement of evenly spaced white lights that had
one red light.
blinking off and on at its port (left) side wing tip. Apparently at the same time
that they stopped at the light and were observing this object or objects, the wing
began to move towards them, or perhaps it had already been in motion but was not
detected as such until this time.
In any case, slowly and noiselessly it advanced
until it was directly over the intersection where it then made a U-turn, moving "side-
ways" in an extremely tight angle and in one single movement without any variation
between the individual lights.
As this occured, the couple had to crouch down near
the dashboard in order to look up through the front windshield and view what was happen-
ing. Both front side windows were rolled down in order to try and hear any sound
coming from the thing.
They do not recall any other cars or pedestrians being in
the vicinity while this took place (there are two gas stations in this area, one was
certainiy open at the time).
Once the traffic light changed, they crossed North Ave and parked alongside Larson's
Funeral Home at the corner of Briarwood Ave, got out of the car and watched as the
object departed towards the northeast. The husband recalled seeing a string of pale
green lights aligned along the back of the wing furthest from him (starboard):: In
other words, due to the angle they were observing from, he could still see the white
lights that ran along the front of the left wing while noticing the green ones along
the back of the right one.
The altitude was claimed to be very low, something like
that of a helicopter "hovering over your backyard, just above the treetops". A rough
estimate would be somewhere between 200 and 1000 feet, of course, depending on its
size.
After having watched this object for about 5 minutes alltogether, they then proceeded
up Briarwood, to Brooklawn, then went right on Capitol Ave towards Main St.
Meanwhile,
over at the diner which is about 2 miles northeast of where this took place, the second
couple was waiting outside in the parking lot when they noticed this very same wing-
shaped thing slowiy heading north, roughly in the vicinity of Kennedy Stadium. Remarking
to each other that this looked just like the thing they had seen about a year earlier
over Milford reservoir, near exit 34 on I 95, the wing then made what looked to be
a sudden change of course in their direction.
As it passed overhead it either slowed
down or stopped briefly, surprising this couple as well as a few others who were out
in the street.
After less than a minute the object continued bearing north, in the
direction of Trumbull Shopping Park. Needless to say, the four of them had something
different to talk about that night.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3018, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Secondary witnesses to the first couple's sighting were a teenage couple who were
parked at Tunxis Hill Park, which overlooks the Rooster River/Mountain Grove area.
They noticed odd, stationary lights over the cemetary but, since they were otherwise
occupied, they did not take too much notice of whatever it was up in the sky and
thought it was an "eclipse or something". Another fellow claimed to have seen the
wing passing over his house, which is located a couple hundred yards northwest of
the park, heading down in the direction of the cemetary. (This axeaj area is close
to exit 25 on 195, where a similar object was seen hovering at about the same time
of the evening on March 24, 1985. It eventually moved east along the interstate up
to New Haven, causing many people to stop along the side of the highway in order to
watch it. Many others phoned in their sightings to the Tiny Markel, WICC program.)
The next person to spot this, wing was the young fellow mentioned in the Post article.
His backyard faces east towards where the Easton reservoir dam is. In a phone
conversation with him he claimed to have heard from people who sighted it passing
over Canoe Brook Lake, east of the reservoir, and also hovering over the GE corporate
headquarters building, alongside of exit 46 on the Merritt Pkwy, which is just south-
west of the dam location.
Finally it was reported by Mr.)
Xd. Evidently the wing (or possibly a second
one operating at the same time as the othero had changed direction again since it
was heading south when he sighted it driving up Daniel's Farm Rd off Rt 25 south.
And once again, seemingly simultaneous with its being detected, it veered off,
paralelling Daniel's Farm until it disappeared over the field behind Trumbull
High.
Sighting duration was something like 10 minutes.
Mr. Strickland has proven (along
with Mr. Dumas) to be very difficult person to
network with. During our only phone
conversation he claimed to have contacted over 4 dozen witnesses to that night's
activity, yet he failed to reciprocate in an exchange of information. Evidently he
believes that anyone with an interest in this stuff is motivated by a desire to
somehow profit from it and doesn't like competition.
In any boring event, I wish
him luck in his attempt to "solve" this particular problem, although I suspect that
he has taken an early retirement from the project.
Weather conditions for May 4th:
Sunset at 7:56 PM
New moon on the 5th;
moonset at 8:44 PM
Temperature about 60 degrees
High tide at 11:12 PM
Wind from the Southwest to South by Southwest at 11-14 knots
Sky was clear to partially cloudy later in evening
Notable news on that day:
Space Shuttle Atlantis launched from Cape Canaveral at 2:47 with payload of Magellan
spacecraft bound for Venus to take radar mapping of planet.
First U.S. planetary
expedition in 11 years.
Defense Secretary
announced temporary continuation of development of HAXXXX
Bell/Textron experimental Vertical Take Off and Landing (VIOL) helicopter, V-22 Osprey.
