{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T20:11:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1882231, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126035-cash-landrum-case-huffman-tx-december-29-1980-report-2.pdf", "source_sha256": "2005594d0527489de8150fbe5da1aa0f9352a8e81d2ec7cb3a0bc9395d4b0240"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 355, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
00
CUF
CENTER FOR UFO: STUDIES
a nor-lor-profit illinois carporation
I falle
Only.
A PRELIMINARY REPORT ON THE CASH/LANDRUM NEW CANEY CEII CASE
:
by Allan Hendry for the Fund for UFO Research
* Betty. Cash
* The Automobile
* Vicky Landrum
* Additional Witnesses
* Medical Follow-up
* The Microwave Hypothesis
* Attempt to Confirm Helicopters
NEWCANET, EX

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2448, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTER FOR UFO: STUDIES
a nal-for-profit Illinois corporation
NOTES ON AN INTERVIEW WITH BETTY CASH
On the evening of April 2, I spoke with Betty Cash at her parents' home
at 209 48 Street, Fairfield, Alabama (2X
The phone call lasted
about 40 minutes.
In that time, she recounted essentially the same story
she had told John Schuessler, with one odd discrepancy. I found her to be
a pleasant and cooperative witness.
Betty Cash, 52, was running a truck stop restaurant/grocery store (night
shift) until this incident took place.
Now, she is convalescing at her
mother's.
Her UFO background before December, 1980: "I never did believe
in UFO's.
In fact, I hadn't even heard of one in years. The first one I
heard about, I laughed and I thought, 'Oh, well, they're having hallucina-
tions,' you know. I'll be the last one to laugh any more."
Indeed, she
was "afraid" to go to the hospital afterwards, for fear that she would be
dismissed as "crazy".
The incident happened around 9-9:15 PM on December 29, 1980. Betty was
driving her 1980 Oldsmobile Cutlass
Supreme in the company of neighbor
Vicky Landrum, 57, and her grandson Colby, 7. They were en route to Huffman
from New Caney, Texas on the "Farm Market" road (148F) that connects the two,
closer to New Caney.
This is a rural road lined with pine trees and some oak
trees which John Schuessler notes is in bad condition.
Though Huffman is
south ot New caney, both women thought they were headed "east" at this point
(check the detailed maps to be submitted by Schuessler). The whole sky
seemed bright ahead of them, somewhat to their right.
Then the witnesses
became aware that a vertically oblong form was suspended over the road.
The discrepancy in the story as presented to me (vs. to John Schuessler)
occurs here, pertaining to the reason the car came to a stop. Cash has
been telling others that she stopped the car rather than attempt to drive
under the flames being emitted down toward the ground from the blindingly
luminous form. Inquiring about the "roughness" noted in her car's performance
after the event, as noted to Schuessler, I was surprised at her new portrayal
as follows:
Hendry: "... Did the car start acting rough from that moment on?"
Cash: "Yes, it sure did."
Hendry: "From that moment on?"
Cash: 'It sure did. It killed the motor in the car!"
Hendry: "It killed the motor?"
Cash: "Yes!"
Hendry: "So, when you stopped the car, you had the motor running?"
Cash: "Yes."

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2704, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GURS
CENTER FOR UFO: STUDIES
= not-for-profi! Illinois corporation
-2-
Hendry: "But you, yourself, didn't shut it off?"
Cash: "No."
Hendry: "The motor just stalled out there at the time."
Cash: "It just quit on its own, and that's what... one of those things
here? Then what do we dozeginning to wonder, 'what if we can't get out of
Hend had suar aed rising up did you try starting up the car? After it (the
Cash: "After that thing had started getting out of the way."
Interviewed separately, Vicky Landrum recalled Betty restarting the car,
but was unaware why the engine shut down. John Schuessler acknowledges
being disturbed about this discrepancy; I am sending him a brief copy of
my tape recording of the conversation.
Still, it was the only possible glitch
in this recent retelling of the event.
the company of Vicky and Colby Landrum,. Alan Holt paced off the distance
• the witnesses
felt the UFO was from their car when they all went back to the
scene of the sighting in daylight conditions. It turned out to be about
130 feet (not the "yards" stated in the Weekly World News). It hovered about
60-80 feet above that point at treetop level. Its actual size seemed as big
as a water tower.
Both Cash and Landrum told me that its angular size woulč
not begin to be matched by one's hand outstretched at arm's length.
The uniformly blinding light made it difficult to resolve the exact shape
of the oblong form. It may have had four points like a diamond. Flames
intermittently "whooshed" downwards toward the road; later examination
showed no marks on the pavement. Additionally, a "roar" like a "freight
train" permeated the area, and a beeping sound could be heard. The sheer
brightness made it difficult for them to regain their night vision afterwards.
Betty Cash got out of the car and walked a few paces toward the mysterious
sight. Vicky Landrum stood up on the right side of the car behind the door,
exposing the fingers of one hand to the UFO's light.
lash was exposed to the
Tight the longest: about 5-7 minutes. Landrum got back into the car after
2-3 minutes because Colby was screaming for her to return. The religious Mrs.
Landrum thought the sky was going to split and the world was coming to an end.
Telling Colby that Jesus would emerge from the light had the effect of calming
him down. Colby never left the car.
Everyone felt considerable heat from the UFO, yet Betty was still surprised
when the metal door handle was too hot ot touch.
She was wearing a leather
jacket as it was cool outside; she took it off to use as a "pot holder" and
grabbed the handle. They had
been using the car heater on low, but switched
to the air conditioner later to cool down the car's interior.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 3086, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CUFIS
CENTER FOR UFO / STUDIES
a not-for-profit Illinois corporation
-3-
Once the UFO started retreating toward the west (in the direction of
the Houston Intercontinental Airport, according to the witnesses), Betty
and Vicky became aware of many helicopters in the area.
They flew toward
the uFo, surrounded it
and "escorted" it away! The brilliance of the UFO
assisted the witnesses' view of the choppers, allowing them to see that
there were different types - including single and double (tandem) rotor
craft.
Betty Cash counted "23".
Vicky Landrum stated that there were at
least 10-12.
Colby asserted that he saw the helicopters throughout the
entire incident.
Betty would later draw one of the large helicopters and
send it to her brother, who was in the Air Force for 30 years. He sama 1t
was an Air Force carrier. The sketch was done before pictures of helicopters
were sent to Betty by John Schuessler.
As they drove down the road and turned toward Huffman, they got to see
the UFO plus helicopters fly off into the distance from 3 ditterent vantage
points.
This aspect of the event took some 5-10 minutes.
Total duration
of the incident then: 10-17 minutes.
The witnesses do not profess to have
Tost any memory of time in their trip.
After dropping off the Landrums, Betty Cash arrived home about 9:50 PM,
where she met Wilma Emert, her niece and her grandson. Physiological symp-
toms started appearing within hours; her skin was beet red "as if they had
been on the beach all day in August"; her eyes were burning and tearing.
She had felt great during the day and ate a lot at the restaurant that
night - sausage, eggs, etc. Yet by morning she couldn't eat a bite without
feeling sick and vomiting.
She was too weak with pain to stray from bed and
call for help. Her hair was coming out in patches, her head wracked with
a powerful headache.
Half-dollar size blisters with clear fluid covered her
face and scalp.
Betty's neck, ears and eyes were severely swollen; her
pierced earrings had to be removed and her eyes were swollen closed. She
was blinded by this until she was hospitalized. Like the other witnesses,
she experienced some diarrhea. Even her Tips had swollen to three times
their normal size.
Vicky Landrum talked her into going to the hospitaT after four days of
suffering at home. She was at the Parkway General Hospital in Houston for
fifteen days. Since she had undergone a heart bypass operation two years
earlier, the examining physician was her cardiologist, Dr. B. B. Shenoy
(150 l. Parker. Ra.
as "no complainani» Houston - ›
Shenoy has described Betty Cash
• She only came to the hospital when it was necessary.
This time, however, the nurses asked if she was being admitted as a "burn
patient"
The nurses put salve on her eyes which opened up a week later.
cream was placed on her face to prevent scarring. Large patches of tissue
peeled away from her face. Uninformed about the UFO, Dr. Shenoy called in
specialists who couldn't explain the swellings, burns or hair loss. All
tests performed (white blood cell counts, eye examination, skin tests, a

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTER FOR UFO / STUDIES
& not-for-prolit Illinois corporation
30088
-4-
a biopsy, etc.) showed nothing. Her heart was fine.
Betty was sent home with prescriptions for drugs aimed at providing
comfort. After several days elapsed, though, she realized
she wasn't im-
proving. The vomiting had stopped, but her appetite was not back. She still
had the crushing headaches and was constantly tired.
So she returned to the
hospital. Dermatologist Dr. Louis Burman (spelling?) (508 Herman Professional
XX put cortisone on her skin with a needle.
with a second hospital visit lasting 7 days, her medical bill had
amounted to $10,000. Landrum visited Shenoy on a casual basis (not as a
Bee news.
patient) and told him of the UFO experience. Shenoy seemed relieved to hear
the news, and entered the allegation into her medical record. Oddly, he told
Betty a story about the government working on "something" in Morth or South
Carolina that is being transported across the U.S. He also strongly recommended
that she go see the movie "Hangar 18"!
As of April 2, Betty still had 75% hair loss and wore a wig to go out of
her mother's house.
She is visiting the university hospital in Birmingham,
Alabama, but claims they are only treating her for comfort. She still pro-
duces new water blisters, and has bad headaches. The swelling is down and her
•family tells her she is looking better each day. The only conclusionthe
Houston doctors reached about her eyes was to prescribe reading glasses. She
is now dissatisfied with their performance.
Interestingly, Betty does not think she had a "UFO" experience, and
blames the government instead. She has not worked since the event.
THE AUTOMOBILE
After the sighting,
the hospital.
Thus, before heading for Alabama, she had a service station check out
routine things like her oil and radiator. A new air filter was installed,
but no immediate mechanical attention to the compalints was effected. Ir
Birmingham on April 1, she called the local Olds service facility and made
an appointment for the following Monday.
Schuessler noted that a plastic lens cover appeared to have been affected
by heat and this was removed for further testing.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3082, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
G
CENTER FOR UFO / STUDIES
a not-lor-profit Illinois corporation
5-
VICKY LANDRUM
I also spoke by phone with Vicky Landrum, 57, waitress.
Her grandson,
Colby, 7, lives with her.
She placed the time that they left the restaurant
in New Caney as 8-8:15 PM.
Her description of the UFO was "oblong" with a
pointed bottom. Colby made it "diamond-shaped".
Both agreed that the
angular size was greater than a hand outstretched at arm's length.
Mrs. Landrum's religious convictions led her to assume that this was
a religious event.
She now appears to share Betty Cash's conclusion that
it was a government/military exercise., noting the "roar" of the helicopters
pursuing the UFO. She stopped counting at "14-15"
Vicky's symptoms were similar to Betty's: red skin, burning eyes,
diarrhea for three days, bad stomach aches.
She suffered 50% hair loss
on the side of her head favoring the UFO.
Remember, she only stayed out
of the car half as long as Betty Cash.
The fingernails on the one hand
that was exposed to the UFO show a side-to-side linear damage. Vicky notes
that new tissue is now growing in, replacing the old. Her eye problems
. seem more serious than Betty's, though. She used to wear glasses for read-
ing only; now she has a full-time pair, prescribed by Dr. Chandler of
Liberty, Texas.
Furthermore, her vision is filmy.
"I don't know whether
my eyes are playing tricks on me or not, but at times it's just like people...
I'll be looking right at them and they'll turn into a film, like. Then I'I1
rub my eyes and it'll go away."
Dr. Chandler speculated to her about
radiation-induced cataracts in six to twelve months.
These vision problems started the very next day for her. As of my
conversation with her in April, her eyes have stopped tearing.
sunburned-looking complexion has completely healed (she used three bottles
of baby oil on both her and her son's face).
Colby seems to have undergone the least severe effects, as if staying in
the car afforded him some protection.
His face was also sunburned in
appearance after the event; as of April, there was only a rough complexion
in his cheeks. His diarrhea was so bad
that he had to be cleaned for three
days like a baby. He also had stomach ache and slight eye problems. The
skin on his cheeks came into a watery blister which was knocked off. Mrs.
Landrum said that it looks like it will heal well.
Colby's worst problems were psychological: He had nightmares for 2-3
weeks and wet his bed because he was afraid to get up at night. He didn't
.. want to drive
in a car at night.
He also routinely slept in his own bed
unti! the incident; it wasn't until February that he could sleep without
his mother's company. His grade's had fallen off at school, but are back
to normal (A's) now.
Betty Cash was mad at the World Weekly News stating
that the child "wasn't hurt" because of these problems.
Mrs. Landrum didn't seek medical help because she didn't have the money.
She told a Dr.Wilson about the UFO and claims that the doctor didn't want to
deal with her... presumably, she feels, because of the UFO aspect. "The

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 2986, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CENTER FOR UFO / STUDIES
a nor-for-profit Illinois corporation
-6-
:*
reason I've been kind of skeptical about the others is because it had
taken me four days of trying everywhere - Liberty, Dayton, anyhere - .
that they would take Betty in.. and she was a heart patient, you know?"
Afraid that Betty was going to die at her own house, and Betty unable to
even tell her who her doctor was, Vicky called Betty's drug store to get
Dr. Shenoy's number. Vicky recently attended a health clinic, which
her that her blood pressure is varying.
They also arranged for a radiologist
in Galveston to attend to her. At the time of this writing, I have not yet
heard the results of this visit.
One puzzling feature, potentially -
Vicky agreed that her health insurance would cover the costs of her examina».
tion, yet she continued to use the excuse of money, (not wanting to dip into
her credit union, etc.) as her excuse for not seeking medical care, even
though she is wearing a wig to cover her hair loss.
It was Vicky who got the phone number for Bob Gribble's UFO Reporting
Center in Seattle, Washington from a police department. She grumbled
about having to spend $9 talking with them on the phone, but getting no
assistance.
She also had to call APRO's Bill English back, which cost her
another $7.
It wasn't until February - after the tabloid press published
her story - that she got in touch with Schuessler.
ADDITIONAL WITNESSES
The tabloid coverage of the event mentioned one seemingly independent
witness to the event - Nellie Zitick, 52, at 713-336-5632. She was in
the company of her son, John and his wife Toni (they apparently don't
want to talk about it, but their number is 713-336-9753). They saw a
UFO of similar description a half-hour before Cash/Landrum some 20 miles
east of them. Additionally, a news broadcast arranged by MUFON over
nine Texas radio stations has netted at least one other witness. Dave
Kissinger is dealing with these people at this time.
MEDICAL FOLLOW-UP
Dr. Peter Rank in Madison, Wisconsin has the medical records from
Betty Cash's stay at the hospital, and has spoken with Dr. Shenoy to ask
additional questions.
He is certain that all of the damage that took place
- diarrhea notwithstanding - was superficial, that no systemic injury
He was intrigued about the prospect of microwaves, but had
little acquaintance with the interature. At the time of this writing, I
am about to meet with an expert in non-ionizing radiation (including
microwaves)at the Georgia Institute of Technology. I have told Dr.
Rank about him in the hope that he would phone him and describe the
symptoms over the phone to see whether the Georgia Tech experts would be
interested in pursuing the matter. Betty Cash is only a three-hour drive
from Atlanta, after all. Dr. Pank preferred that I secure for him some
contemporary medical literature on microwave pathology first before dealing
with them, however. I hope that this delay does not hold up matters un-
necessarily.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
-7-
NOTES ON THE ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE WITNESSES' CLAIMS OF MULTIPLE
HELICOPTERS IN THE AREA AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING:
On April 2 and 3, several inquiries were made to civilian and
military organizations regarding the alleged presence of one to two
dozen single and tandem rotor helicopters in the area of the sighting:
HOUSTON AIR ROUTE TRAFFIC CONTROL CENTER - (Intercontinental Airport)
Keith Rogers, military liaison and security officer: X m sure
"There wasn't anything of any significance back then.
I would have been aware of it because I'm also pretty heavily into the
helicopter operations in this area."
Rogers noted that the holiday
season "kind of rules out the military because every year they shut down
their operations over the holidays."
When asked if a special event would have prompted such an exercise,
he said,
"anything special I would have been aware of, too, because I'm
also the military coordinator here, too... I was here at the time, on
duty, so 1 can't think of any way it could have slipped by..."
When asked about a base likely to use the Dayton area for helicopter
flights, Rogers suggested the Army airfield at Ft. Polk.
"If they were
VFR, we would have had no knowledge of it at the Center. We only deal with
IFR-type operations, or operations that would affect airspace, and there
was nothing here in that time-frame." Commuter helicopters usually fly
off-shore and not in large numbers.
HOUSTON - WILLIAM HOBBY AIRPORT: (
XX>
The watch supervisor on duty noted that the Dayton-Huffman area is
outside of that airport's jurisdiction. He was not aware of any large
operation of helicopters in Houston at that time.
ELLINGTON AIR FORCE BASE, HOUSTON: 0
XXXX - ext. 2332
Army Guard unit, Mr: Nidever - (unit commander not available)
"I checked around with a couple of the pilots here, and they don't
remember flying anything about New Year's Eve.... we had a joint exercise
with the Marines (in January) but we don't fly that close to Christmas."
Their routine troop insertion exercises are flown on weekends, not on
Mondays, with the Marines.
"Usually, at that time of year, half of the
people are gone on leave, so it would not be us. I haven't heard anything
about this.
Does the base have double rotor helicopters? "Right. We've got CH-47's
and we've got UH-1's. We have OH-58's. The Marines have got 'Jolly Greens'
Would the Army Guard unit. fly around the Huffman/Dayton area? "Oh, no,
no, we never fly up around there.
All of ours is done to the northwest of
Houston which is up around Addicks Reservation. We don't fly up around Dayton
hardly at all.
Addicks is within the city limits." Nor would they fly through
the area on
their way to Addicks.
"I don't think we could even get. up there
with the 47's and do a troop insertion and come back for fuel.
We'd be out
of fuel." "I feel certain that we weren't up there at nighttime because that

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2685, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ite
-3-
would be on a Monday, and the only overnights we have are on Friday or
Saturday nights." (I'm puzzled about the fuel capacity comment - A.H.)
Nidever referred me to the Naval Air Station in New Orleans as a
possible alternative. An Army Reserve Unit in New Orleans has UH-1's,
but no tandem rotors.
"We're the only tandem rotor aircraft in this area
(emphasis added - A.H.)"
- An interesting note: "We had a UFO sighting down here earlier, about two
years ago.
We were called out on this by the sheriff's department of
Montgomery County.
They had spotted one about two or three times. They
had a helicopter out there, we were supposed to go out when they saw it
and go chase it down because Mir. Culverson (with the Army Guard) was
involved in that."
FT. POLK ARMY AIR FIELD - LEESVILLE, LOUISIANA
(318) 537-2722: Sgt. Marsh
"No, sir, everybody was gone. I handle all the leaves and I was
swamped.
We had just about 50% of the people gone or off at that time, sir."
MARINE AIR CRAFT GROUP 46 - NEW ORLEANS, LOUISIANA
(504) 393-3130
"We weren't there then. We had an aircraft accident in the last part
of November and didn't fly any in December.
:
FT. HOOD ARMY AIR FIELD - KILLEEN, TEXAS
(817) 685-7241
"We had absolutely nothing flying during those days because we were
shut down during the holidays.
" Would it be within Ft. Hood's capability
to bring helicopter's into the Dayton area? "I don't think it would."
WORLD WEEKLY NEWS - Dick Donovan - LANTANA, FLORIDA
(800) 327-9490
Reporter Donovan who covered the story confirmed that he could not
He did relate a clai
locate any bases in central Texas that would take credit for the helicopters.
He did relate a claim made by an individual whose identity he could not divulge
that the "UFO" was actually in contact with the local military! The crew
indicated that it was experiencing difficulty with the craft and required
air assistance. Donovan could not elaborate if this meant that the UFO was
actually a man-made craft of some sort. But then, why would two dozen choppers
be required for an escort?
CLOSING COMMENTS: All of the individuals with whom I spoke seemed quite
sincere in their efforts to assist me.
I did not feel that any of them
were handing me a preplanned denial in a brusk manner. Donovan made the
same remark.
The ARTCC military liaison spent some time on the phone with
me, for example.
The Ellington AFB spokesman put me on hold to go out and
ask pilots and flight engineers if they were up at that time without his
knowing it.
He also told me about that earlier "UFO chase" quite freely.
Sgt. Marsh at ft. Polk hollered in the people around him, asking if a large:
exercise could have occurred.
i...

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 842, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-9-
John Schuessler has done some additional work in this direction.
One of his seemingly independent witnesses of the UFO itself (some 30
minutes earlier :than Cash/Landrum) claimed to have heard helicopters.
None of the additional witnesses claimed to have seen them.
Betty Cash was shown diagrams of different types of helicopters
by Schuessler.
She picked out a large Air Force carrier... the type one
would expect from Ellington AFB.
In closing, the claim made by all three witnesses in the Cash/Landrum
group implicitly incorporates a large number of helicopters. This claim
cannot be "objectified" independently. Yet physiological symptoms such as
"75% hair loss" certainly indicate an
"objective" experience.
For additional comments on a possible helicopter scenario, see the
report describing the suggested "ECM mission" hypothesis.
