{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T20:16:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 726572, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126039-edwards-air-force-base-october-7-1965-encounter-newspaper-article-3.pdf", "source_sha256": "72859a3b98683c2ddb54ea01445f5a9482dbc9938b063b06330434f1e1b2e8fe"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3457, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANYTHING
WORTH
HAVING IS
WORTH
PAYING FOR
A lasting relationship with the
world's best and most compre-
hensive source of UFO-related
study material is worth having,
from your point of view.
So-you pay to get one started.
Our current Catalogue and Back-
list combination, covering over
500 titles, is $2.00 to U.S. appli-
cants, and $3.00 to applicants out-
side the U.S.
Go ahead, it's worth having!
ARCTURUS BOOKS INC.
1443 SE PORT ST. LUCIE BLVD.
PORT SAINT LUCIE, FL 34952
U.S.A.
OFFICIAL
1996-97 Alien World Tour
T-Shirt is now availiable
for a limited time!
The Edwards Air
Force Base
Encounter
Audiotape from Independent Interna-
tional Pictures Corp., 400 Perrine
Rd., Old Bridge, NJ 09957, 1996.
$14.95 plus $2 s/h
an October 7, 1965, a number
of luminous objects
appeared in the sky near Edwards
Air Force Base, near
Lancaster in northern
Los Angeles County.
For six hours, radar
technicians and other
military personnel at
Edwards and four
other bases discussed
what they saw. Now
declassified, the tapes
of those conversations
have been electronical-
The U.S:
Air Forcel
ly cleaned up and skill-
fully edited into a 54-
minute audiotape.
The officers reported
AUDIO DOCUMENTARY
THE EDWARDS AIR FORCE BAGE
THE AMAZING LEVITRON
ANTI-GRAVITY TOP
witnessing unidentified objects
changing colors, sitting stationary
in the sky and then shooting
straight up very fast. The actual
conversations are appropriately
broken up with narration to
describe what is going on, since
considerable jargon sometimes
renders segments unintelligible,
even when you can hear the
words. One of the primary voices
during the original event, which
was code-named
"The Incident," was
of Tech. Sgt.
Charles Sorrels,
who summarizes
for listeners what
he and his col-
leagues witnessed
that night. They
knew all kinds of
aircraft and natural
phenomena, and
the UFOs did not fit
anything they were
Sounds!
familiar with.
Finally, they
decide to get the
"UFO officer" out of bed, who
makes the decision to scramble
some jets. The pilots went up for a
closer look and made radar contact
with solid objects, and there the
mystery ends. What they actually
found is still classified. The tapes
offer yet more compelling evi-
dence that whatever the phenome-
non is, it is not a product of human
imagination.
—Scott S. Smith
This one of a kind multi color
front and back design is like...
SOMETHING YOU'VE
ALREADY SEEN!!
Only $19.95* each plus $3.00 S&H for
1st shirt, $1.00each additional shirt.
Sizes available: M - L - XL
• FL residents add 6% sales tax
Please allow 4 - 6 weeks for delivery
Send check or money order and size to:
Alien
World
Tour
PO Box 3246
Ormond Beach, FL 32175
38 Vol. 12, No. 1 1997
A CHALLENGE TO MASTER
A MIRACLE TO BEHOLD!
Called the best new science toy
in a generation by the American
Association of Physics Teachers
COMES COMPLETE WITH AN
ACCESSORY "FLIGHT KIT" &
24-MIN INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO
Unconditional moneyback guarantee
$35 + $5 S&H
1 (800) 275-2877
UFO MAGAZINE- Feb. 1997
continued from previous page
"support groups," or build a book
around, but certainly not enough to
prove the claims.
Personally, it is my hope that
Hughe's often thought-provoking
comments, which bracket the alien
observation anecdotes, will
encourage at least some readers to
make a more realistic assessment
of their own beliefs in reports of
alien encounters. If that happens,
this book will have made a useful
contribution to saucerian literature.
-George W. Earley

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 873, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEPENDENT
INTERNATIONAL
PICTURES CORP
From :
Sam Sherman
Steven Greer MD
To:
400 Perrine Road, Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857 - USA
Phone: (908) 727-8500 • Fax: (908) 727-8881
5, 0 Ede
wards
Tape.
April 22, 1997
Dear Steven,
I have enclosed 12 copies of the "EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE ENCOUNTER" for your use
with my compliments.
As we discussed by phone, this is a unique copyrighted program, and you will
note the attached background information on it.
I am currently working on a book and 2 hour TV documentary on the same subject.
I would appreciate proper credit being given for this work anytime it is used.
I will be glad to help you out with additional copies in the future if requested.
When you are next in New York City, please call me and we can get together.
I have other visual materials which may be of help to you as well.
Best regards.
Cordially,
Sam Sherman

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2864, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Independent-International Pictures Corp.
400 Perrine Road, Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857
Phone: (908) 727-8500 FAX: (908) 727-8881
BACKGROUND STORY on "THE EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE ENCOUNTER"
"THE EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE ENCOUNTER" is a 54 minute Audio Documentary
constructed from original research, de-classified official Department of the
Air Force audio recordings, newly recorded interview recordings plus special
editing, computer
'enchacement of archival materials and descriptive narration.
The story this documentary tells is of an actual UFO Military Alert at
Edwards Air Force Base in California on the night of October 7, 1965. Also
involved were the following Air Force Bases - GEORGE, NORTON, HAMILTON and MARCH,
plus the Western Air Defense Command and NORAD.
During this event, strange luminous objects flew low over the runway at
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE and planes were sent up after them. The objects were no
known objects to the military personnel
at Edwards, where exotic classified military
aircraft fly. The people there were well aware of
government projects and known
phenomena. The luminous objects exhibited Aerial Technology beyond any knowr
lechnology of the time. Recordings of voice transmissions from BASE TO BASE COMMUNICATIONS,
GROUND TO AIR, TOWER TO AIR and PHONE PATCHES were made under order of Major Struble
of LOS ANGLES AIR DEFENSE SECTOR. These recordings archived the conversations which
documented this event of UFO visitation of a Highly Secure Military Base.
The
recordings were made on an extra track on the Radar Tapes, used to record radar
signals and saved when accidents took place.
recording positions - six hours of materials were made available by the Department
with additional noise overlayed and much key material deleted. Those historians
hearing the six hours of tape as de-classified could make no sense out of them at all.
During the research phase of a film project on the UFO phenomenon, film producer
Samuel M. Sherman obtained the six hours of tapes. He felt there was a story buried
in the confusing audio jumble. For eight months he analyzed the tapes, learned about
Air Force history and identified most of the voices on the tapes, and where they
were located. With the help of Tech Sgt. Charles Sorrels (ret.) the tower operator
on the original recordings, who started the alert, he pieced the story together.
TISE
Reearch from 12 military agencies, plus retired Air Force Intelligence officers helped
clarify the event and Sherman put
about an hour of the original tapes together in
chronological order, with narration by vetaran announcer Jackson Beck to explain what
was happening to the listener. With the addition of newly composed music by Harry Barber
and signal processing the archival materials in computer a new, clear story emerged,
which became a unique and exclusive copyrighted project.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 853, "chars": 5319, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEPENDENT
INTERNATIONAL
PICTURES CORP
00 Perrine Road, Old Bridge, Now Jaraey 09857 - US
hono: (908) 727-8500 - Fax: (908) 727-888
MUFON JOURNAL - November 1995
.. •
The Edwards Air Force Base Encounter: The
U.S. Alr Force vs. UFOS
Audiodocumentary produced by Samuel M.
Sherman, Independent International Pictures
Corp., N.)., 1995; 54' mins.
Reviewed by Elaine Douglass
To one reading this needs further proof of the reality
\ of UFOs—but perhaps your friends do? If so, pay
attention to the newly issued audio documentary. "The
Edwards Air Force Base Encounter."
'"'Come over to my place." you tell your friends. "I've
got something to play for you." You know the friends I
mean—the ones who get a pained expression on their
faces everytime you bring up the subject of UFOS.
"What's that?" they want to know.
You answer nonchalantly. "Oh, just a tape of some
Edwards Air Force Base guys, 1965. wondering what
they're going to do about the 12 UFOs that have been
sitting over the base for the last five hours.
"Air traffic people, officers, pilots, people like that,"
you add. "talking about objects they're seeing on three
kinds of radar, that military people from 50 miles around
Edwards are on roof tops watching, objects with red,
green, and white flashing lights about 5,000 feet over the
runway at Edwards. They're saying the objects ure 'def-
initely not moving fast enough or constant enough to be
aircraft," and they're asking each other. 'Should we
send up a fighter jet to have a closer look?"
"Just Edwards' guys." you tell your friends. "on the
see what I see? Is it birds, planes, weather balloons?
What the hell is that. anyway!"
"Real military guys!?" your friends ask.
"Sounds like a genuine Air Force tape to me." you
answer. "Your tax dollars at work. It certainly wasn't
recorded by a 'yoo-fologist.""
Next night your friends show up. They've got the
same smirk on their faces they always have. same con-
descending smile. But this time you're ready.
Adjust the dials on your stereo surround sound with
the fancy woofers and tweeters, or just drag out your
boom box, turn the lights down, play this 54-minute
tape for your friends, and watch their jaws drop. No
more smirks now. They'll be stunned and so will you
when you hear "The Edwards Air Force Base
Encounter: the U.S. Air Force vs. UFOs," just released
by independent Intemational Pictures Corp. of New
Jersey. This tape is dynamite. and at $17 it's a "must
have."
Remenber the UFO incursions over military bases
documented in Clear Intent by Fawcert & Greenwood?
This tape is of an event like that — October 7, 1965,
over Edwards AF Base in California, 1:30 AM 10 7
AM. The Air Force called it "The Incident," and
recorded all the phone and radio calls associated with the
event. New Jersey film maker Sam Sherman found the
tape in the open literature.
Sherman, who owns Independent Intl., spent nearly a
year turning the original six hours of raw audio into a
documentary, complete with music and narration.
Sherman also had the sound digitally enhanced. His
biggest enhancement, however, was locating Chuck
Sorrels, the air traffic controller on duty at Edwards
during the 1965 event. and heavily involved in it.
In 1965. Sorrels (now retired) was a tech sergeant/air
controller attached so the 1925th Communications
Squadron at Edwards. He vectored the F106-fighter
launched that morning about 5 AM. By then the UFOS
had ascended to 40,000 feet and Sorrels directed the pi-
lot from the images on his radar screen. You can hear
him on the 1965 portion talking to the pilos, and also in
the documentary portion making a statement recorded
May 1995 in which he confirms the reality of the
Edwards UFO incident and the authenticity of the tapes.
If there was any doubt about the bona fides of the
Edward's tape, Sorrels" statement resolves it.
A number of other personnel on the tape are identified
by name, and various elements of the AF command are
also identified. Indeed, it's clear from the tape that the
upper levels of command are familiar with UFOs. And
that's interesting. but it's not what's important about
this tape. What's important about the Edwards tape is its
dramatic and undeniably real audio. We already had
paper (documentary) proof of such incidents from Clear
Inten. But with this tape we now have the sound of the
live, actual military response to a UFO incursion and if
that's not proof that UFOs are real and the military
knows it, I don't know what is.
Listen. to the tape and it's obvious the Air Force isn't
chasing geese. You hear the guys rule out every known
object. one by one. The radar returns show the UFOs are
solid. physical objects. and when they get visual and
radar confirmation of objects hovering at 5.000 feet
and taking off at enormous speeds, they classify the
UFOs as "Special 13 —Unsafe targets."
What about your father-in-law? He's the one who
always makes fun of you at family gatherings because
you're a "UFO nut." If he's a veteran, he's going to
have a very hard time dismissing this compelling tape.
The "Edwards Air Force Base Encounter" is $14.95
plus 52 s&h, and can be ordered from Independent Int'l
Pictures Corp.. Mail Order Div., Dept. T. PO Box 565.
Old Bridge, N.J. 08857. Listen up and — watch their
jaws drop!
•Elaine Douglass is MUFON State Director for
Washington, D.C.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1566, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEPENDENT
INTERNATIONAL
PICTURES
CORP
From:
To:
400 Perrine Road, Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857 - USA
Phone: (908) 727-8500 • Fax: (908) 727-8881
From -
LOS ANGELES MAGAZINE - December 1996
EDWARDS AFB
If the chupacabra came north, it
would
probably land at
Edwards. The familiar double
boom means a space shurele,
diverted from Florida because
of bad weather, is returning
home io chis Mojave Desert
base, which is built on a dry lake
I Insriedaled landings are commonplace
ar Edeards Air Force Base.
bed, the world's largest naturally
occurring flat area. Chuck
Yeager first broke the sound bar-
rier here in 1947, and experi-
mental aircraft known only by
-
their alphanumeric designa-
tions—YF-12A, XB-70A, X-
15-laced che skies. Then
things gor weird. Declassified
recordings of a six-hour interac-
cion in 1965 berween Edwards
pilors and what some described
as extraterrestrials became the
basis for a cult-classic audiocas-
sette, The Edwards Air Force Base
Encounser (Independens-Inter-
national Pictures Corporation).
A. former commanding general
at Edwards privately told a con-
fidant that President Dwight
Eisenhower had mer with aliens
there, though skeptics have
undercut that account. Next
came repors of a dead Bigfoot
found in the vicinity of a crashed
saucer. Could it have been look-
ing for Area 51? Established as a
practice range in 1933, the base
was first called Muroc Bombing
and Gunnery Range. Later
renamed for rest pilot Glen W.
Edwards, who died there in
1948, it is locared 100 miles-as
almost anyching flies-from
Los Angeles. ~S.5.5.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 1143, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEPENDENT
INTERNATIONAL
PICTURES CORP.
FROM:
TO:
FAX- (908) 249-6550
223 Roule Eighleen, East Brunswick, New Jersey 08816 (908) 249-8982
Review of "THE EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE ENCOUNTER"
from BABY BOOMER COLLECTIBLES Magazine -- October 1995
Army Air Defense Command.
NEWS
«REVIEWS
by JohnKoenig
Audio Evidence of UFOs!
On the evening of
October 7, 1965, while a large
number of scientists were gath-
•
sified Air Force audio recordings
of the eveni. Woven into narra.
tion and confirming inierviews
by personnel on-site at the time,
including Tech 5gr. Charles
Sorrels who was in the lower
and witnessed the UFO, The
Edwards Air Force
Base
Encounter - The U.S. Air Force
vs. UFOs is a gripping listening
experience.
recommend a per-
sonal stereo with headphones for
the besi experience, because
even though the tapes have been
enhanced, they're still radio
transmissions. Listen to the pilos,
the lower, and the Air Force.
Whether you buy into UFOs or
not, this rape will grip your imag
ination. $14.95 + $2.00 ship-
Pictures Corp. thel Order
Mail Order
Division - B8, P.O. Box 565, Old
Bridge, NI 08857, credit card
orders: (800) 227-1015.
