{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T00:41:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3235112, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126055-mansfield-oh-october-18-1973-cigar-shaped-ufo-newspaper-article.pdf", "source_sha256": "9ae69d489710a75ac3032c1374cc52cf0795e0951d7fa498fcb471a6effac4c1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 889, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FATE, Aug. '78
MAJOR COYNE
AND THE
UFO
THE TRUE STORY
"It's going to ram
us!" the pilot
thought - then sud-
denly it stopped...
By Jennie Zeidman
Illustration by Allan Hendry. CUFOS
F'SE YEARS Vater the controved in
still rages over what happened in
the sky over Mansfield, Ohio, on the
night of October 18, 1973, when the
four-man crew of an army reserve
UH-1H helicopter encountered a dark
gray, metallic, cigar-shaped lighted
object.
The crew won the National En-
quirer Blue Ribbon Scientific Panel's
$5000 award for "the most scien-
tifically valuable report of 1973."
And not long afterwards Aviation
Week & Space Technology editor
Philip Klass (who declares flatly that
he never has found a UFO case he
couldn't solve) announced that his
"rigorous investigation" of the case
had determined that the object was
merely "a fireball of the Orionid
meteor shower." Klass insinuated that

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 481, "chars": 3068, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
68
FATE
the crew should return the money.*
"Those are bold statements," Hynek
It is well known that approximately
went on, "but they aren't documented
90 percent of all reported UFOs have
nor are they very scientific. The time
a conventional explanation. Klass'
analysis is crucial."
meteor explanation could easily have
He suggested I start from the begin-
ended the matter but it did not.
ning and try to establish what was tak-
Dr. J. Allen Hynek, professor of
ing place during each second of the
astronomy at Northwestern Univer-
event. Average meteor showers, he
sity, 21-year scientific consultant to
pointed out, are visible for only about
the air force's Project Bluebook and
two seconds; bright fireballs and
now director of the Center for UFO
bolides (exploding meteors) average
Studies (CUFOS), spent the afternoon
about 10 seconds. Under the very best
and evening of January 24, 1974, with
i of conditions a meteor might con-
the crew and with Federal Aviation
ceivably remain visible for up to 30 or
Agency officials at the Cleveland air-
40 seconds although he had never
port. The evening meeting took place
heard of such a case.
at dinner and afforded the crew the op-
Hynek pulled his calculator toward
portunity to talk in an open relaxed
him across the desk and worked it for a
manner. Hynek, a professional
moment. "Theoretically," he said, "a
astronomer for over 40 years, came
meteor in a perfectly circular orbit at
away convinced that the object could
an altitude of 50 kilometers could re-
not have been a meteor. And he asked
main visible, horizon-to-horizon, for
me (I was his technical assistant in the
110 seconds. But of course that simply
early days of Project Bluebook) to
couldn't happen — it would be falling
reopen the case.
and burning the entire time."
"We already have several hours of
Hynek described the Orionid mete-
taped interviews," Hynek told me,
or shower, seen every October, as "a
"beginning with the excellent one with
piddling little meteor shower of swift
Sgt.
John Healey, the helicopter
streaks traveling 66 kilometers a sec-
medic, cut only 15 hours after the
ond, which does not produce fireballs
event. But we have never had a sec-
at all."
ond-by-second analysis of what hap-
I knew from my own reading that
pened. Even Klass never came up with
glowing meteor trains may last many
a total time that the object was in view
minutes and resemble jet contrails in
but had only stated that there must
the upper atmosphere.
have been a three-or-four fold distor-
*
* *
tion of time' and that 'the whole inci-
dent must have consumed a somewhat
MAJ. LAWRENCE J. Coyne, pilot
of the helicopter and the one
longer time than the crew later esti-
whose name is usually associated with
mated.***
the incident, was 36 in October 1973
and had 19 years of flying experience.
*See "Phil Klass Debunks UFOs, Part Two" by George
W. Earley, July 1975 FATE
**Philip J
Klass,
UFOs Explained (Random House,
1974), pp. 333-346.
He is a big man with close-cropped
hair and a rough complexion. A no-
nonsense type and a military profes-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3054, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAJOR COYNE AND THE UFO
69
sional, he was frankly tired of the con- with Coyne, Healey and Yanacsek.
tinuing publicity but since | repre-
I researched meteors in Ohio State
sented Dr. Hynek he consented, albeit University's astronomy library and at
reluctantly, to see me. The tension be-
Perkins Observatory and Ohio Wes-
tween us eased when he learned I have
leyan University (Delaware, Ohio). I
been involved in ufology since 1953, consulted Dr. William M. Protheroe,
have had some experience as a private protessor of astronomy at Ohio State,
pilot and am familiar with northeast-
on several occasions. Afterwards I
ern Ohio where he had his UFO expe- reread Klass' meteor explanation and
rience.
was appalled. Not only had he not
The first thing I learned was that talked with the witnesses, it was begin-
Coyne and Klass have never met! •
ning to look as if he had never even
"When Klass first called me," Coyne
cracked a junior high school astron-
said, I thought, 'Fine, this guy seems
omy text.
to know what he's talking about,' and
* * *
he had an engineer on the line. I ac-
cepted his explanation because I had
G
RADUALLY THE pieces of the
puzzle fell into place. The story
been scared and he offered an ex-
did not differ from the original news-
planation. But when he sent me his
paper reports nor from Healey's tape-
book and we all read his explanation,
recorded account on the day after but
we all said, This guy is full of
the details were filling in.
beans.'"
As far as we now know, this is what
Klass had had a brief talk-show chat
happened:
with Sergeant Healey but never had
Jezzi was at the controls. The hel-
even attempted to contact the other
icopter was about seven miles south of
two crewmen.
Mansfield, cruising toward Cleveland
Coyne and I met privately three
at 2500 feet above sea level (1200 feet
times and talked by phone frequently.
above Ohio's rolling hills and farm-
On two occasions we sat for more than
land), when John Healey, in the left
an hour in a UH-1H helicopter
rear seat, noticed a single red light off
reenacting the event. Every moment to the west. It was moving south, was
was taped. I also talked at length with brighter than a standard port-wing
the other three crewmen. Dr. Hynek navigation light and carried none of
was present during part of my five- the other lights, strobe or rotating
hour session with copilot Lt. Arrigo beacon which FAA regulations re-
Jezzi and my interview with John quire. But since the light was not rele-
Healey took place in the presence of vant to traffic, he did not mention it.
CUFOS consultant Dr. Tom Evans, The light continued in level flight and
protessor of psychology at John Car- disappeared out of his sight behind the
roll University in Cleveland. Crew helicopter.
chief Robert Yanacsek and I met pri-
Approximately two minutes later
vately at the army reserve facility at Yanacsek, in the right rear seat,
Port Columbus and I spent another noticed a single bright red light on the
two hours reviewing the final report eastern horizon. The red light seemed

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 3058, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
70
to be pacing the helicopter.
"I looked at it for some time before
I mentioned it. It wasn't that impor-
tant, it was so far away," Yanacsek re-
ported. "It was too high, in my estima-
tion, to be a radio tower but it was
either that or an aircraft. I figured it
was an aircraft. I must have watched it
for a minute — oh, a minute and a half
— before I said anything. A long
time.* There was no question in my
mind that it was man-made, whether it
was a tower or a plane. It wasn't a star
or anything. It was a red light and it
was kind of hard to miss it."
Yanacsek finally mentioned the
light. Coyne spotted it still on the
horizon and told Yanacsek casually to
"keep an eye on it."
After an estimated additional 30
seconds, Yanacsek reported that the
light seemed to have turned and now
was heading toward the helicopter. By
that time the light had been in contin-
nous view for at least 90 seconds.
Coyne looked again and agreed that
the light was getting brighter. Because
Jezzi's view was obstructed, Coyne
took over the controls, immediately
putting the helicopter into a "normal"
descent at the rate of 500 feet per
minute. They were fairly close to the
ground; no need — yet - to take any
drastic action.
Almost
simultaneously Coyne
pressed either his heel or his control-
stick mike. They were already tuned
into Mansfield.
"Mansfield Approach, this is army
one-five-triple-four."
The response was immediate. "Go
ahead, army triple-four."
"Mansfield Approach, do you have
*Emphasis in Yanacsek's voice, not editorialty added.
FATE
any high-performance aircraft in your
area at 2500 feet?"
There was no reply. The light was
getting brighter and seemed to be
following them down as they de-
scended. Coyne estimated its speed at
over 600 knots (684 mph).
"Call them," Coyne told Jezzi.
There was a national guard F-100
base at Mansfield airport, eight miles
northwest of their position. Probably
one of the jets was coming in on a low
approach. But at such high speed?
FAA regulations specify that no
aircraft shall fly faster than 250 knots
(285 mph) under 10,000 feet above
sea level. Within five miles of an air-
port the speed must be reduced to 200
knots.
Jezzi tried first to reach Mansfield
Approach Control, then Mansfield
Tower, on both UHF and VHF fre-
quencies. There was no acknowledg-
ment. The channel-change and mike-
keying sounds were heard and then
stopped, indicating that the stations
were properly tuned in and that the
equipment was transmitting correctly,
yet when Coyne checked later with
personnel at Mansfield, they said that
although they remembered the initial
transmission, they had no record of it
on tape and that the last F-100 had
landed at 10:47 P.M.
The red light continued to ap-
proach. Healey got out of his seat and
stooped in the aisle next to Coyne and
Yanacsek. "It was getting brighter and
brighter," Healey said. "It was as
bright as the approach lights of a 727
we had just seen at Port Columbus."
Coyne glanced at the altimeter
They were descending through 2200
feet now. He threw the collective pitch

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3111, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAJOR COYNE AND THE UFO
71
all the way down. The rate of descent
"Everything turned green," Coyne
increased to an indicated 2000 feet per
said. "These red instrument lights -
minute. The last altitude he noticed
everything. It was a pyramid-shaped
was 1700 feet. (The encounter took
beam that cut through the night. The
place at exactly 1000 feet above sea
farther it went, the wider it got. It
level; the helicopter was about 650
shone down at right angles from the
feet above the treetops, not 400 feet as
aircraft" - i.e., the UFO.
Klass guessed.)
The light was green as it entered the
By now the light had been in con- front windshield but achieved max-
tinuous view for about 160 seconds.
imum effect and brightness when it en-
"It's going to ram us right by the
tered the tinted Plexiglas. Healey,
door," Coyne thought. "Oh God, this
Coyne and Yanacsek all agree that the
is it!"
beam was triangular or pyramid-
Suddenly the light was there.
shaped and that the object was dark,
"This thing came out of nowhere oval or cigar-shaped, and featureless
and just stopped," Yanacsek reported. — it had no engine pods, no numbers
"It was like the hull of a dark sub- or logo, no wings, no tail structure.
marine. It was just stopped, and I Jezzi who was looking through the
mean stopped, for maybe 10 or 12 sec-
"greenhouse" reported that from his
onds. I really didn't expect us to col-
angle, three feet to the left of the
lide because the object was obviously others, he could see only an intense
in control of the situation. The edges
white light which hovered briefly,
were sharp because it was an ex-
then continued westward.
ceedingly bright starry night and the
The object accelerated slowly until
solid part of it blotted out the stars
only the white "tail" light was visible.
right behind it in an oval shape."
Coyne and Healey insist that as it
Now they could see that the red
neared the northwest horizon it made a
light was actually the nose light of a
decisive 45-degree turn to the right.
cigar-shaped or oval, slightly domed,
Neither Jezzi nor Yanacsek reported
gray, apparently metallic object. A
this turn.
white light was now visible at a
Finally, still very bright, the white
slightly indented stern, and aft and
light "snapped out" near or over the
below a bright green light became
horizon. "I watched it for a couple
visible. All three lights were precisely
minutes," Healey said, "and over the
positioned on the structure and all
edge of the world it went." There had
three cast reflections on the dark oval
been no noise or turbulence from the
shape. (Klass said the entire object
object at any time.
was glowing; Coyne, Healey and
"My God, what's happening?"
Yanacsek say it was not.)
Coyne exclaimed as he glanced back
The green light, like a maneuver-
at his instruments and found that the
able spotlight, swung upward, over the
helicopter was at 3500 feet and climb-
helicopter nose and into the cockpit,
ing 1000 feet a minute.
then entered the upper tinted "green-
The collective, Coyne insists, was
house" windows of the helicopter roof. still in the full-down position; in other

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3027, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
72
FATE
words, the craft should have been de- Columbus,
, the Civil Commission on
scending. As he stared in amazement,
Aerial Phenomena, approached the
the altimeter registered almost 3800
problem from another angle.
feet. The magnetic compass was spin-
On August 19, 1976, CCAP di-
ning: 90, 180, 270, zero, 90. Coyne
rector Warren Nicholson published a
said it was still spinning the next day
brief recap of the Coyne case in the
as Triple-Four sat on the flight line.
Mansfield News Journal and appealed
The instrument had to be replaced.
to possible ground witnesses to come
Gingerly Coyne lifted the collec-
forward. On two previous occasions I
tive. Just the opposite of what he
had talked with such potential wit-
should do to stop the climb but there
nesses but had had to rule them out.
was no alternative; if you come to a
That same evening Nicholson re-
door marked push and the door won't
ceived a call from Charles C., a youth
open, you instinctively try for a pull.
who claimed that he, his mother and
"I lifted the collective, pushed it
siblings possibly had witnessed the en-
back down, and the helicopter seemed
counter between helicopter and UFO.
to bump, like we hit turbulence then,"
(Mrs. C. requested anonymity.) Sev-
Coyne said. "But the thing was already
eral days later Nicholson and his asso-
way to the west. It was already in the
ciate William E. Jones conducted the
Mansfield area when we began to set-
first of two extensive interviews with
tle."
the family. Two hours of those inter-
Jezzi's recollection differs. He
views took place at the exact site of
believes they did not notice the climb
the family's observation. Later I spent
until immediately after the object had
an hour at the site with these wit-
disappeared. Either way the UFO was
nesses.
visible during the entire climb and if
At approximately 10:40 P.M. on
the helicopter was operating normally
October 18, 1973, Mrs. C. left the
the 1800-foot, 1000-foot-per-minute
Mansfield home of her mother-in-law
climb must have taken 108 seconds.
to return to her rural home southeast
Of course, if the UFO had affected the
of the city. With her were her three
helicopter, then the climb could have
children: Charles, then 13, Camille,
taken any length of time, from instan-
11, and Curt, 10, as well as a cousin
taneous levitation on up.
Karen, 13.
The various segments of the event
As they drove south on Laver Road
add up to between 270 and 330 (or
they saw a steady bright red light fly-
more) seconds, depending upon when
ing south "like a jet at medium
the object was actually no longer visi-
altitude." The light attracted their at-
ble. A safe estimate of the time would
tention because of its unusual shade of
be 300 seconds, plus or minus 10 per-
red and the fact that no other lights or
cent.
colors were visible. Wondering why
Five minutes. Some meteor!
* *
*
WHILE I WAS talking with the
crew, a small UFO group in
the aircraft had such unconventional
lighting, they watched it continue
southward and disappear over the
trees.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3031, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MAJOR COYNE AND THE UFO
73
Five minutes later (it was now just
"There was a whole bunch of noise,
past 11 o'clock) they were driving east a big bunch of racket, a sort of rat-
on Route 430 toward the Charles Mill
tling," Charlie recalled. "It was like
Reservoir. The area is sparsely in-
beating the air." Charlie's words de-
habited and the last 1500 feet of the
scribe perfectly the very distinctive
approach to the bridge drops down
sound of a Huey helicopter.
from the hills into a desolate, flat and
"It looked like a blimp," Charlie
swampy area - a tangled, uninviting
said. "It was a big ol' thing. Bigger
terrain. There was no other traffic. On
than the helicopter. The ship was
the road ahead they saw - in their
green. Then the green flared up. The
"one o' clock" position — a red and a
helicopter was below the light. It
green light, moving as a unit and seem- looked like rays coming down. It lit up
ing to descend toward them rapidly the helicopter and the car and the road
from the east. A small Cessna, and the trees. Everything turned
perhaps, flying in the dark over the green."
lake? No. The red light seemed to be
1, Karen believe they
leading; there was no noise and no
were outside the car less than a
shape was discernible. Mrs. C. slowed
minute. When the green light flared up
the car and finally pulled over onto
they became terrified and scrambled
the shoulder. Except for the car over each other to get back into the
headlights the road was black as pitch.
car.
The two lights slowed and moved
Meanwhile, watching through the
along the right side of the car at a
rear window, Curt reported that the
"low" altitude. They thought the ob-
object crossed the road from south to
ject was less than 1000 feet high and north. Mrs. C. drove the car on across
about 500 feet south of them, over the
the bridge "to get out of there." Ac-
swamp.
cording to Curt, the object, now ap-
Suddenly the family saw another set parently disassociated from the heli-
of lights, some of them flashing, ap-
copter, paced the car eastward for a
proaching from the southwest, at the
few seconds, then reversed its di-
car's "five o' clock" position. There
rection and climbed to the northwest,
was also "a thumping, a beating noise"
while the helicopter flew off in an ap-
from that direction. Mrs. C. thought
parently normal manner, climbing out
the two sets of lights were helicopters
over the lake to the northeast.
about to crash. The two objects came
* *
*
together and the one with the steady
lights assumed a position over the one
WHAT DID Coyne and his crew
with the blinking lights. They moved
We don't know. We do know, how-
together slowly westward parallel with ever, what they did not see. The evi-
the road
dence clearly shows that the object
Everyone in the car started yelling
was neither a meteor nor a high-per-
at once. Over Mrs. C.'s protests Karen
formance aircraft. At the same time it
and Charles piled out and stood by the
seems very likely that the C. family
right rear fender.
did witness the encounter.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2241, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
74
Klass concluded that the event took
• 85 seconds. But he should have known
that meteors do not remain visible for
even 85 seconds, nor do meteors look
and move as did the object described
by both air and ground witnesses.
Has the controversy been laid to
rest? I doubt it. Klass, as a much-
publicized UFO foe, has a vested in-
terest in "solving" all cases. In all
FATE
likelihood he will hold tenaciously to
his meteor theory despite the fact that
the evidence makes it untenable.
But this fact remains: the Coyne en-
counter not only has stood up to the
most searching scrutiny but actually
has been strengthened by it. It is, in
short, one of the best-documented
high-strangeness cases in the history of
UFO research.
PERIL AT HOME
LT. COL. Thomas Fizpatrick of Detroit, Mich, served in the Michigan Air
National Guard for 21 years and after two years on active duty in the
Korean conflict, returned unscathed to his base, the 127th Tactical Reconnais-
sance Wing in Inkster, Mich. In October 1968, getting out of his car in the drive-
way of his home, he was electrocuted when he stepped on a live wire that had
fallen across his driveway. - M.E. Sheffer.
LONG JOHN NEBEL DIES. . •
LONG JOHN NEBEL, whose all-
another Long John Nebel. It is an era
• night radio talk shows enter- that went away."
tained thousands of "night people" for
Long John, so-called because of his
20 years, died of complications from
slender six-foot three-inch frame, got
cancer April 10, 1978, at New York
his start on all-night radio on WOR in
City's Sheraton Hotel. He was 66.
1956 and his show was almost an im-
"He was the first to do an all-night
talk show on radio and the first to
mediate success. His biographer Don-
ald Bain attributed Nebel's popularity
have a network talk show," said Den-
in part to his involvement in the oc-
nis Israel, vice-president and general
cult. He invited persons who claimed
manager of WMCA, the station which
to have come from outer space to ap-
carried Nebel's nightly program from
pear on his show. Bain insists, how-
midnight to 5:30 A.M. "His show was
ever, that Nebel was not a believer.
controversial, intelligent and a great
"He was one of the great put-ons of all
part of history. There will never be
time.
