{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:04:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 608950, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126032-edwards-air-force-base-october-7-1965-encounter-publication.pdf", "source_sha256": "3cb2fb92cd9596c6d7a4e0bff26ef88b5fac915195e5b394b47bcaf73ca700fa"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2908, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Now - For the first time on a commercial Audio Cassette - Actual De-classified Air
Force audio recordings of a startling real life event, which took place on the night of
October 7, 1965 at Edwards Air Force Base in California. Important highlights
selected from over 6 hours of original recordings, which indicate that a squadron
from another planet was overflying one of our nation's most important military air
bases. The same time hundreds of important scientists were at Edwards to see
demonstrations of advanced rocket aircraft for possible space flight. Were other
observers there for those demonstrations too?
During the night time event - code name: "The Incident", a jet fighter interceptor
was launched after what are commonly called UFOs - Unidentified Flying Objects.
Air Force personnel, skilled at target identification, were not chasing the Planet
Venus, Stars, Satellites, Planes, Helicopters or Weather Balloons. The military men
in the area of Edwards Air Force Base and the related bases knew that something
out of the normal was flying in their air space.
They saw luminous objects emitting white, red and green light. Findings from
Radar, Heightfinders and visual observation from the towers and interceptor plane
indicated that the performance of these flying objects was definitely beyond our
capability at that time - and possibly out of this world.
A recent poll indicated that 50% of the American public believes that UFOs are real
interplanetary craft operating on and above the Earth. Everybody from the curious
general public to science fiction fans will want to own this amazing recording and
play it for friends and family many times over. This is a recording that will meet
buyer demand today and will be a valuable item to own in permanent collections
for the future.
The one - the only - the original
Edwards Air Force Base Encounter
The U.S. Air Force vs. UFOs
AUDIO
CASSETTE
A581
AUDIO DOCUMENTARY
THE
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE
A COUNTER
WHERE THE EVENT TOOK PLACE
Red Mountain
6.501
4,604
FORT IRWI
The U.S. Air Force vs. UFOs™
EDWARDS
REÓWAROS
E93
AIR FORCE BAS
Narrated by:
JACKSON BECK
ine Valley
The U.S.
Air Force
VS.
HB
LOS ANGE:
adena
Bernardin
Unlande
Collar
Terranc
7) Perris:
Exclusive Copyrighted Recording:
Adapted from Authentic De-classified Air Force Recordings.
Edited from over 6 hours of random materials into original chronology with
dramatic construct techniques employed. Special electronic audio enhancement.
All Duplicating, Broadcast and other rights reserved.
Produced and Distributed by Independent-International Pictures Corp.,
East Brunswick, New Jersey • Made in U.S.A.
Dean of Announcers
ENDENT
ERNATIONAL
The True Life Event -
Hear The Actual Sounds!
Authentic U.S. Military Audio Recordings
Code Name:
"The Incident" - October 7, 1965
A Samuel M. Sherman presentation© MCMCV Independent-International Pictures Corp.
INDEPENDENT
INTERNATIONT
