{"created_utc": "2026-08-10T01:43:38Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4952384, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126198-macdill-afb-jack-pickett-emails.pdf", "source_sha256": "2385f4f0ee769801f7e8b91f65ab12078ee357cea1d84469ef1c7f790b20f94b"}

AOL.COM Message View         //                               http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder SUSCTlg=&uid=10689690

                    7
            Date(2/3/2005 5:40:07 PM Eastern Standard Time
            From: "                "<
            To:      "                  "<                 >
            Sent from the Internet (Details)
               -Hello Again!

           Thanks for what you sent. No, I don't have any info about reported sighting at Maxwell. No, I don't recall
           the different scrap yard location. May have been there years before I was at MacDill, but area he shows is
           one of heavy traffic entrance to base. Appears to me he possibly transposed location on whatever photo
           he was using.

           I don't do much researctftanymore at all, and have retained nothing I, haven't already sent you long ago.


           Best Regards,

                        -Publisher -Retired


                           I


 0


f 1 of 1                                                                                                         2/3/2005 5:08 Plvl
                                                                                                           r ~
    AOL.COM j Message View                                                                                   Page 1 of 1


     Subj:
     Date:
0    From
     To:
     Sent from the Internet (Details)
     just found this site: yes sir, I do remeber seeing such aircraft. I was a salesman calling on the base at that time
    and thought it was fascinating that the Air Force had "flying saucers" and was also denying they existed.


0


O

    http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT1g=&uid=8612301                                             3/9/2004
V   AOL.COM Message View                                                http://dtassic.webmai1.ao1.com/fmsgview.adp?foldefSU5CT1r \


             Date: 3
             From:
    O        To:
             Sent from the Internet (Details)

            Mike, limitations to try to correct computerized illustrations serve no good purpose at all. Nor does
            rehashing same stuff over and over. As far as the discs at MacDill- the illustrations of cockpit, fuselage,
            air intakes and exhaust, etc. are concerned, they have never yet been corrected as I have tried to show
            you so many times. Any knowledgeable pilot, engineer, researcher, etc. can make obvious challenge of
            your entire effort to show reality as close as possible.
                The VTOL flown from Avon Park had no wheels or control flaps around it as you depict. It was AIR
            FLOW CONTROL,
            Mike, AIR FLOW! You obviously ignored Project Silver Bug
            I sent you complete copy of so long ago. It also contains quite specific flight capability. They were
            specifically designed to eliminate the need for conventional runways for use at any location selected for
            flight. They were also built with multiple crew capability. They also had supplemental ground and
            air control capability.
                As I voiced on the phone, I don't think further research on this subject is going to succeed any time
            soon.
                Another gross error to eliminate should be your notations on all of your illustrations concerning type,
            diameter, power plant, range,crew, first flight, contractor. All such as you presently use are mostly
            guesses.
                In spite of your stated qualifications you still neglected to ever mention the possibility that those circles
            on the photo could be caused by discs having been parked there. I must remind you that 38 years is
            considerably longer than the 2 or 3 you spent on this subject. Plus, I personally walked around, touched
            and was briefed on these aircraft by the USAF itself on base where they were parked. Also briefed
    O       elsewhere officially. Unfortunately your own research effort has not produced much more than I have
            already furnished you.
                Mike, I regret that your continuing errors in attempted illustrations are so difficult and erroneous.
            However, the result is that I will no longer assist in this project. Sorry about that.

            Best regards anyway,
            Jack D. Pickett, Publisher Retired 3/04/05


    O


    1 of!                                                                                                             3/4/2005 12:16 PM
AOL.COM Message View                                            http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?foldeitsUSCTlg=&uid=10813659


           Date:
           From:
O          To:
           Sent from the Internet (Details)
         Mike, the photo copies of MacDill you sent are in the mail back to you. I've really been thinking about
         them even though I'm not very knowledgeable about overflight photos. I don't know exactly how stuff on
         the ground might show. I don't think these were of the highest quality so I can't really see what those light
         colored perfect circles actually showing on that disc parking area are. There is a circle right on the edge of
         that scrap pile sort of overlapping the pile itself. That circle is in the exact position as the largest disc was
         parked. Near the North end of one of the lines running from the scrap heap on down to the perimeter
         fence by the road is another tiny perfect light colored circle in almost the exact position of the 20' or 40'
         disc was parked. There are at least two other light colored perfect circles closer to the big disc. Whatever
         was there when the photos were taken seem to be perfectly round circles not like any other image shown.
         Frankly there is good possibility those circles are disc aircraft. I don't think what is shown is a fault in the
         film negative or print out. Nor do I think the average researcher would be looking for something as faint
         and unclear as those perfect small light colored circles parked exactly the same as the actual aircraft. You
         don't have a 1967 copy with them all lined up, but who knows when perhaps moved a little. They were
         flown in and parked and were never flown again that I know of. No test flights of any "black project"
         aircraft either. As I told you, the officer briefing me stated flatly that he would say nothing about what may
         or may not have been in that close-by building to the west. He mentioned Avon Park as I've told you
         previously. I don't believe anyone was allowed on any of those aircraft except to have perhaps moved the
         smaller ones to where I saw them. The 20' disc closest to the perimeter fence had the cockpit cover still
         open when I saw it so I think that small circle is it. Reiterating, I don't know why those small light colored
         perfect circles aren't easily identifiable, but it seems certain something caused them to be photographed in
         the exact area they are.

O Regards, Jack D. Pickett-Publisher, retired


C

1 of 1                                                                                                            2/2872605 3:14 PM
AOL.COM j Message View                                               http:/%classic.webmaiLaol.com/frnsgview.adp?folder=UICVBRA=&u...


           Date: 3/5/2005 10:40:32 AM Eastern Standard Time
           From: "
0          To:         "Michael Schratt" <
           Sent from the Internet (Details)
         Mike, regrettably it seems to me that you and most other researchers have completely ignored the entire
         Project Silver
         Bug (one of the top secret projects initially ordered personally by President Eisenhower). Preconceived
         ideas have made thousands of researchers blind to reality.
              Silver Bug also emphatically states: "This project should in no way be associated with any science
         fiction or "FlyingSaucer" stories because of it's external appearance."
                  "configuration was a result of engineering investigation into the solution of a particular problem."
             Project Silver Bug specifically mentions on page 25 that on 29 December 1954 the order to proceed
         with this project was issued, and that "the proposed statement dated 8 November 1954 will be
         incorporated           "
             "SUMMARY" - PG. iii         "the ultimate purpose      to correct distorted picture         in both classified
         and unclassified and to acquaint         intelligence  with  current  state - of - the - arts facts, thereby alerting
         them to any AIR INTELLIGENCE indicating SOVIET               interest in this
              Mike, again, most researchers completely ignored even official record, even though page iv also states,
         "The simplicity of airframe construction should alleviate many..
              problems normally associated with new aircraft developments." and again in "b." A collection should
         be initiated to determine whether the Soviet Bloc is or has been conducting research efforts on a similar
         project, when
         ...began, and the present state of Soviet development."
             In spite of this declassified release most, even knowledgeable researchers , including especially pilots,
         loudly proclaim disc shaped air craft could not fly, and would be impossible to land, and etc. They also
         wonder and question how in the hell 1 get the information I have. As you know, I don't have much respect
0        for most researchers on this subject in spite of their otherwise high qualifications.
             Page 4 (air intake) continued on page 10 specifies how
         "take - off air" is supplied and several paragraphs more concerning flight. Page 16 Fig.11 illustrates
         Through Flow (air) at Low Forward Speed. Page 17 - Control Systems for
         pitch and roll control) claims use of this "jet control" at all times eliminates the difficulty associated with
         hinge control surfaces in supersonic flight.
              All of this in approximately 1954, and Mike, 13 years later in 1967 a supersonic VTOL with flight
         capabilities exceeding those of the horizontal take off jet flying wing discs discontinued and parked on
         MacDill AFB in Tampa.
         And, Project Silver Bug was not even declassified until 1995.
             Reiterating: Mike, I truly regret that you somehow chose to ignore Project Silver Bug. I also regret that
         I have lost any confidence in your succeeding in your own research on this subject at this late date.

         Best regards anyway.
         Jack


1 of 1   \                                                                                                             3/7/2005 1:14 PM
                                                                                                              Page 1 of 1


 Subj:       (no subject)
 Date:       3/5/2005 9:40:47 AM Central Standard Time
 From:       f
 To:         a

Mike, regrettably it seems to me that you and most other researchers have completely ignored the entire Project
Silver
Bug (one of the top secret projects initially ordered personally by President Eisenhower). Preconceived ideas
have made thousands of researchers blind to reality.
     Silver Bug also emphatically states: "This project should in no way be associated with any science fiction or
"FlyingSaucer" stories because of it's external appearance."
         "configuration was a result of engineering investigation into the solution of a particular problem."
    Project Silver Bug specifically mentions on page 25 that on 29 December 1954 the order to proceed with this
project was issued, and that "the proposed statement dated 8 November 1954 will be incorporated                    "
    "SUMMARY" - PG. iii          "the ultimate purpose      to correct distorted picture       in   both classified and
unclassified       and to acquaint intelligence    with current state - of - the - arts facts, thereby alerting them to any
AIR INTELLIGENCE            indicating SOVIET interest in this
    Mike, again, most researchers completely ignored even official record; even though page iv also states, "The
simplicity of airframe construction should alleviate many..
    problems normally associated with new aircraft developments."            and again in "b." A collection should be
initiated to determine whether the Soviet Bloc is or has been conducting research efforts on a similar project,
when
  began, and the present state of Soviet development."
    In spite of this declassified release most, even knowledgeable researchers , including especially pilots, loudly
proclaim disc shaped air craft could not fly, and would be impossible to land, and etc. They also wonder and
question how in the hell I get the information I have. As you know, I don't have much respect for most
researchers on this subject in spite of their otherwise high qualifications.
    Page 4 (air intake) continued on page 10 specifies how
"take - off air" is supplied and several paragraphs more concerning flight. Page 16 - Fig.11 illustrates Through
Flow (air) at Low Forward Speed. Page 17 - Control Systems for
pitch and roll control) claims use of this "jet control" at all times eliminates the difficulty associated with hinge
control surfaces in supersonic flight.
    All of this in approximately 1954, and Mike; 13 years later in 1967 a supersonic VTOL with flight capabilities
exceeding those of the horizontal take off jet flying wing discs discontinued and parked on MacDill AFB in Tampa.
And, Project Silver Bug was not even declassified until 1995.
    Reiterating: Mike, I truly regret that you somehow chose to ignore Project Silver Bug. I also regret that I have
lost any confidence in your succeeding in your own research on this subject at this late date.

Best regards anyway.
Jack


                         Saturday, March 05, 2005          t. ii   C4        AURORACAD5
                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1


 Subj:       Aircraft Reasearch
 Date:       3/13/2005 3:07:14 PM Central Standard Time
 From:       f
 To:         a

Mike, Thanks for your explanation about Silverbug. Approx. 10 years ago when even Smithsonian Institute.- -
NASM could not obtain official USAF copy, (even one of the major news media investigative reporters told me
that USAF denied everything including the name Silverbug when he tried to get a copy.) I sent NASM a copy and
talked via telephone to the head guy in their aircraft research dept. Later he sent me the copies you mention and
also numerous copies of research reports written by various researchers including devek;pmental ideas which
have never been built. Some of these had been written in total error by UFO researchers. That phona
conversation convinced me that only the two declassification copies sent to me were all that the USAF ever
released at that time. I sent copies of Silverbug to many researchers and also had it entered on the Internet.
He told me that if I ever visited NASM he would personally take me to a couple of their restricted storage areas to
view some of the never before seen in public domain, German flying wings they had obtained, including one they
obtained in Europe, finding the jet engines approx. 75 miles from the aircraft itself. Very few knew Smithsonian
even had these aircraft. One such, the Northrup Aircraft people were the first in this country able to see and study
it. What ever they found helped develop jet flying wings and ultimately the B2. As you know Mr. Northrup was
shown a model just before he died. The head guy at NASM I talked to, said some of those German flying wings
were still classified and he had no idea if they would ever be publicly shown. I mentioned to you long ago that if
you ever visited the AVRO
section of the museum, to ask for the head man in charge and tell him you know me and request to see those
restricted aircraft they have( National Air and Space Museum).
    Reiterating, I have no official copy of reasons so many jet disc flying wing designs were kept so secret. I did
hear and read about the General who headed the entire airforce and was perhaps even Chief Of Staff who
ordered the contract for the Northrup flying wing bomber cancelled and all of them destroyed at the Northrup
plant. He had considerable interest in other aircraft manufactures and ordered those giant B36 bombers rather
than the Northrop flying wing bomber which is now known to have been far superior to the B36 including bomb
carrying capabilities and round trip flights back and forth to Europe to bomb Germany in case England was
defeated and we had to go it alone. All of which doesn't mean much at this late date, that absolute secrecy still is
in place for whatever the reasons.
    It is still rather intriguing that it now known the Germans were building their Amerika bomber with planned
nuclear attack against the USA 8/15/45. A copy of the runway for it and who knows what else was built in
Savannah, Ga. and The Soviet Union built the first operational nuclear power plant on this planet. Germany was
within 3 days of launching what would have been accurate missle attacks against the entire east coast of the USA
and shortly thereafter the entire west coast. Intriguing and probability of top secret "skunks in the woodpile".
Perhaps also causing continuing secrecy of even obsolete jet disc aircraft on MacDill. Perhaps obsolete due to
less maneuverability problems due to "airflow" flight control rather than control flaps. Flaps causing considerable
flight control problem at supersonic speed. The VTOL in 1967 outflew those obsolete jet discs at MacDill.
    Mike, it is truly a sad commentary that so few otherwise knowledgeable and educated people know anything
about the aircraft you and I discuss so openly. It seems to be a fact of reality that you and I are about the onl;i
two people who even have the limited knowledge of the true facts of reality about USAF jet disc flying wing aircraft
we do, and continually have to cope with so much seemingly unnecessary blind alleys of research efforts.

Regards, Jack


                         Sunday, March 13, 2005 America Online: AURORACADS
                                                                                                      Pagt.


 Subj:      File #9248
 Date:      3/29/2005 4:20:18 PM Central Standard Time
 From:                     t
 To:

Mike - concerning my File #9248 in Wyoming, even though they did have one of the largest UFO seminars and
doubt if they have anything else which brought 133,000 internet inquiries as result of a simple night talk show
media, you saw for yourself how my file is kept.

So I suggest they give it all to you where it may be of some possible future research use. Hopefully they will send
it all to you. Rick Ewig is name to contact there if you wish.

Regards, Jack


                       Tuesday, March 9, X005 America Online: AURORACAD5
AOL.COM Message View                                           http://webmail.ao1.com/frnsgview.adp?folder SU5CTlg=&uid=10725634


          Date:
          From:
          To:
          Sent from the Internet (Details
         Mike, another "Keep It Simple" P.S. Hal


             • George Filers remark about scrap heap gone, and memory having a way of popping up, reminds
               me---- Immediately to the right of that area with the light marks I call taxi strips, is a totally clear
               area before getting to the curved road to the left of the main runway. Perhaps the scrap area and
               the runway where aircraft were parked on, is slightly to the right of where I thought. I remember most
               of that area from when the NCO club mgr. drove me there in his car. I mention only because some
               have disputed that exact location, but it was very near the outside fence and perimeter road and to
               the West of the main runway.


         In answer to fishing area question, it was not close to the perimeter road where Harold and I parked. It
         was quite a bit West and also a number of blocks South towards where one of your photos shows a larger
         dark area of water at the edge of Tampa Bay. That whole area was patrolled on land and on the water
         quite frequently each day.

         Regards, Jack


0

1 of 1                                                                                                         2/10/2005 5:23 PM
AOL.COM Message View                                            hup://webmail.aoLconifrnsgview.adp?folder=SU5CTlg=&uid=10725422


           Date:
           From:
C          To:
           Sent from the Internet (Details)
         Mike, I will start this hoping to "keep it simple". Ha! The air photos have at least narrowed those still
         needed from Nov. & Dec. 1966 thru at least Oct. 1967 and maybe Jan.& Feb. 1968. There has to bean
         actual reason why you cannot secure 1967. You've contacted at least two witnesses who saw the jet disc
         aircraft parked on MacDill. They both saw more than the last 4 I saw. The NCO club mgr. told me he was
         sure at least 7 or 8 had flown in at one time. The OIC told me quite a few had arrived, including a number
         of 10 ft.drones and all had been scrapped except those last remaining 4. None remained anywhere else
         having already been scrapped. The only other areas he mentioned was Del -Rio, Tx.. and Australia as
         already scrapped, but that he was not going to go into all that. He told me that in all probability the last
         remaining 4 would be moved to a govt location for storage for later museum to be shown to the public
         including USAF movies so that the wondrous flight capabilities would finally be known and seen. He told
         me that these last 4 could quickly be returned to full flight condition and flown anywhere — or if necessary
         any could quickly be made ready for transport in covered military vehicle. He emphasized "quickly"
         and "easily made flyable". Except for flat tires, they all looked like that and he said what he did after I
         asked him about those flat tires and the big discs left main landing gear which was obviously not all the
          way up for setting on the runway level .That main big runway had not been ccompleted long either and
         your photos don't show another very close to that area at all. It appears that for years no flyer or anyone
         else would see much of that area, and one of your witnesses about scrap heap location remembers it
         being in a different location. There was no other type aircraft cut up or dismantled in the scrap pile next to
         those discs! I have no knowledge of any other except there were some regular aircraft type fuselage etc.
         near the other big entrance to the base close to the east side of Tampa Bay near one of the main Tampa
         streets going on downtown.            As far as "library" location, it has to be along side that street over by
         where the jets are shown parked. (I think there were at least two in a row with quite a large parking lot

C        immediately in front turning right off the street heading towards that new runway. The street curves up
         soda "north". Who knows where now? When I last wrote requesting copy of the photos the OIC had
         shown me [about 5 yrs. later] you have copy of the answer which included the closing remark that it might
         take a lengthy time before I ever obtained what I requested.                       Mike, it seems quite probable
         that those photos over MacDill for the time period herein, especially air photos of MacDill during 1967
         were put under some sort national security restriction. But it may also be probable that more than one
         photo is still on file in newspaper files etc. I reiterate! Toss out all the opinions and preconceived notions•
         any others have tossed at you, and for certain,KEEP IT SIMPLE! Do this and you might just find the
         photos --and more! best regards. Jack


0

1 of 1                                                                                                          2/10/2005 4:50 PM
A0L.00M Message View                                             http://webmai1.aol.com/&nsgview.adp?folder—SU5CT1g=&uid=10813997


           Date:
           From:

O          To:
           Sent from the Internet (Details)
         Mike, The photo copies of MacDill you sent are in the mail back to you, I've been giving them a lot of
         thought, and am sending this additionally. I don't know what those light colored small perfect circles are,
         which are actually showing on that disc parking area next to what looks like the scrap heap I saw from the
         ground, but there is a perfect circle on the edge of that pile sort of overlapping the pile itself. That circle is
         in the exact position the largest disc was parked. At the North end of the line running from the pile to the
         perimeter fence is another light colored small perfect circle in the exact position where the 20' disc was
         parked. It's cockpit cover was left up and open so I doubt it had been moved either. There are two other
         light colored perfect circles which are not lined up in the order they all were when I saw them in 1967. Why
         they didn't show up as clear images I don't know, but whatever is shown was there in both copies of the
         photos of 1966 and 1968. I don't believe they are the result of a fault in the negatives or print outs and I
         don't think the average researcher would pay much attention to those perfect small light colored circles
         even though parked exactly the same as the actual aircraft. Yes, they were all lined up in a row in 1967
         but who knows when or why moved at all. They were flown in and parked and never FLOWN again while I
         was there. NO TEST FLIGHTS off MacDill of any BLACK-PROJECTS during all that time either. That
         officer briefing me stated, in answer to one of my questions about that,that he was not going to discuss it
         further. The only flight of any top secret aircraft he mentioned in the entire Florida area was that new
         V.T.O.L. version flying from Avon Park and he wouldn't say much except what I have told you about
         previously. That flight, of course, resulted in the Official USAF release about jet disc flying wings being
         cancelled. t'4eke, the light colored small perfect circles I noticed in your photos from such a high altitude
         just may very well be the discs. So I'm sending you this email.

         Regards, Jack D. Pickett-Publisher Retired

O


0

I of 1                                                                                                            2/28/20054:07 PM
AOL.COM I Message View                               http://webmail.ao1.com/finsgview.adp?folder—SU5CT1r&uid=10826005


          Subj:
          Date:

0         From:
          To:
          Sent from the Internet (Details)


         Mike, Your VTOL illustration should be closer to Research aircraft on page
         2 and 3, and 5 and 6 (two separate aircraft) in Project Silver Bug.
         Project no.9961, 15 February, 1955:   Declassified 29 March, 95, Air
         Technical Intelligence Center, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. One of
         these is the aircraft Sect. Quarels (AF and DOD) released in a national news
         story you have copy of. One of these aircraft (maybe both) were test flown
         successfully at the area known as Murock or Edwards (I'm not sure of year of
         flights or year name was changed from Murock to Edwards). The military
         person who told me why Edwards was named, also mentioned successful
         flights of the type mentioned by Quarles. He told me that not much, if any,
         news releases were ever made of either. In my own research during approx.
         1990's I heard reports of successful VTOL test flights during the 1950's.
         Reiterating, these reports concerned VTOL jets Quarles was talking about and
         not anything other than jet flying wing disc design.
             Your corrected illustration of upper part of 40' disc will have to
         show, when you do it, the much larger air intakes and increased height of
         cabin / cockpit
              There was absolutely no mention of 20' or 40' sizes and actually
         carried at least a 2 man crew. I was briefed that "the crew " regained
         control successfully. There was absolutley no mention of speed, power
       —plant, range, ceiling, first flight, contractor and etc. These aircraft
         were specifically designed for VTOL and not horizontal take off, though they

Q        could be flown that way. My understanding of the briefing was that they
         too, could be flown high and fast enough to achieve initial space flight and
         reentry.
              The VTOL would not have control flaps around outer edge of disc.
         Please double check design as shown in Project Silver Bug. Any other guess
         about design will only further complicate and make this subject even more
         exceedingly difficult. Any knowledgeable aircraft designer or researcher
         or pilot can easily challeinge any possible loop holes.

         Regards, Jack


         al Message
         From: <                  >
         To: <f              >
         Sent: Wednesday, March 02, 2005 2:33 PM
         Subject: 40 foot disc illustration (Mike)


         Dear Jack


            Attached, please find a revised illustration of the 40 foot disc showing
         the bottom surface. I minimized the visibility of the control surfaces,
         added the landing gear wheel well doors, and changed the configuration of
         the exhaust ports.

                Regards,
                            Mike


1of1
