{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T15:06:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1580180, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126254-letter-to-michael-schratt-from-dave-menard-comments-on-disc-shaped-craft-at-macdill-afb.pdf", "source_sha256": "4ada769f39ad39cb97561fe07ddfacbc054d3aabee30c47d60747c1cf2a23fe1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 2707, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
When I dealt with him back when he was gleaning AFM files for
gen on the Roswell event, it became apparent to me that he really did
not know aircraft that well. He had no aeronautical rating at all, and
I recall IDing several AF types for him, including units when known.
I am not going to bother him over in Burma. I am going to wait until
I contact the Canadian who is genned up on Avro Canada however.
You state that x
* got the impression from XX that these
craft were put back into a "top secret" catagory while down in the
salvage yard. If this were true, there there was no way in hell they
would have stayed there and there were no transports that could
carry them anywhere(smallest was how many feet in diameter?)
To repeat, the USAF/DoD does not dispose of highly classified aircraft
in semi-public salvage yards at bases like MacDill. If they had crashed
locally and were really broken up, these pieces would probably have
been places there, but that might even be doubtful.
Why did not XXXX take down any names of the AF members
that assisted him, or even recall them, and write them down after
leaving the site? Why did he not take his own photos? If these were
"unclassified," what was an "armed guard" doing there? The idea of
an real LtCol or Col briefing an uncleared civilian to the extent that
XXXXX says he was boggles the mind if that officer wanted to
keep his job/retirement! I have talked to other retired AF people
I know, both NCOs and officers, including a few full colonels, and
like me, they have never heard the term "adjutant general" on any
AFB. So this "AG library" mentioned is very suspect.
I have a roster here of Sect of the AF, and XXX is not listed.
I suspect he might have been an under Sect of the AF, however, and
I will be checking that out also.
As for Aviation Week, I meant that you and X
<XXgo to
back issues from 1966/67/68 and look for articles on these "Avro
Canada" craft, as if the wraps had come off of them, they would
have been mentioned. Same for books like AVIATION YEARBOOK,
and general aviation magazines of the period. There are also many
Candian aviation magazines and they also have an aviation museum
up there with a research division, am sure. Have either you or Mr
XXX even thought of contacting these sources, as as they are
very proud of their aviation industry! The CF-105 Arrow buffs
would love to assist you with this one.
To repeat, no way 32 nose wheels in tandem on any real aircraft.
219/08
WAS FALSELY
WHAT HE DEEMS FACT
At simply LIED TO
YOU, CHANGING ANY
facts HE WISHED, TO
Soit His OwN
PRECONCEIVEO NOTIONS
BUT of COURSE
You KNow ThAT for
YoURsELf Now, As
DOING THE SAME. THE
Simply CANNOT
COmpREHEND THAT
THE DET DISCS EXISTED
