{"created_utc": "2026-10-06T14:37:37Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 11317415, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304367780190948, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126361-deep-black-deep-underground-military-bases-dumb-and-facilities-report.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541175360000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/126361-deep-black-deep-underground-military-bases-dumb-and-facilities-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "c191c1b3f7c81af220a90d12e867b99288e1693accacf205ba7e4249e96f2560"}

DEEP BLACK
           (The secret underground world of the elite)


    For decades, rumors of Deep Underground Military Bases (DUMB) and an extensive series of
underground tunnels crossing north America have circulated within both the aerospace
literature, as well as Department of Defense trade publications. What has been uncovered
within public domain sources, reveal a fantastic world of unacknowledged programs designed
to support plans for the so called “Continuity of Government” aka COG. Could this
underground world also serve as a staging area for the military industrial complex, which run
programs that are exempt from congressional oversight? Have billions of un-accounted for
funding from the governments own black budget been filtered into these programs without
public scrutiny? Blueprints, reports, and patents from the Air Force, Navy, and the Atomic
Energy commission, indicate that such plans have already been accomplished.
  (Mount Weather)


(NORAD Entrance)
     Facilities for protecting the national security of the United States have been constructed at
Mt Weather in Bluemont Virginia, as well as the command center for the North American
Aerospace Defense Command NORAD inside Cheyenne mountain, located in Colorado Springs.
Built in 1959, Mt. Weather was specifically designed to be a major relocation facility for both
high level civilian and military personnel in the event of a national emergency. Known as the
“Doomsday Hideaway” Mt. Weather is comprised of a massive underground facility containing
provisions to ensure the “Continuity of Government” during a nuclear attack.
   In a December 9th 1991 article published in Time magazine titled: Civil Defense Doomsday
Hideaway, Mount Weather was confirmed to contain private apartments, dormitories, streets,
sidewalks, cafeterias, water purification systems, and its own power-plant, complete with a
transit system and satellite communications. 1,500 miles to the west, the Cheyenne mountain
complex houses a vast computer network system charged with providing early warning data to
military officials in North America, and features 25 ton blast doors specifically designed to
sustain a direct hit. However, these two facilities have been known for decades, and fail explain
the multiple billions currently being spent on an alleged system of elaborate underground
installations located in the United States.
The proof is in the plans:


   The existence Tunnel Boring Machines (TBM’s) used to create deep underground military
bases in not in doubt. Constructed by companies such as Kawasaki, Okumera, and NFM
technologies, tunnel boring machines are used to excavate tunnels with a circular cross section
through a variety of soil and rock strata layers. They can bore through hard rock, sand, and almost
anything in between. Tunnel diameters can range from three feet, to over 40 feet in diameter.
According to Dr. Richard Sauder, in his book Underground bases and tunnels, there may
currently be as many as 100 deep underground military bases in the United States.
   Additional underground facilities are also located in Britain, Sweden, Switzerland, France,
Germany, and Pine Gap Australia. In fact, an official US Army Corps of engineers report
published in 1985 titled: Literature Survey of Underground Construction Methods for
Application to Hardened Facilities, concludes: “Since adequate technology is available to
construct hardened underground facilities under virtually any ground conditions, the main
constraint in construction projects remains economic viability rather than technical feasibility.”
So, the official position of the US Army Corps of engineers, is that there is technically no
significant hurdles pertaining to the construction of deep underground military bases other
than financial backing.
   An additional significant statement is highlighted in Dr. Sauder’s book which quotes Lloyd A
Duscha (Deputy director of Engineering and Construction for the US Army Corps of Engineers)
in a 1987 speech: “I must deviate a little because several of the most interesting facilities that
have been designed and constructed are classified”. Mr. Duscha continued his discussion with
the comment: “there are other projects of similar scope which I cannot identify, but which
include multiple chambers up to 50 feet wide and 100 feet high using the same excavation
procedures mentioned in the NORAD facility”. Clearly, this is the most revealing admission by a
government official confirming the existence of underground facilities has ever been recorded
in the public domain.
   Extensive underground facilities specifically in the United States are believed to be located at
Edwards AFB CA, Wright Patterson AFB Dayton Ohio, Area 51 NM, Dulce NM, Los Alamos NM,
and Dougway proving ground UT. A number of significant patents have surfaced within the
public domain which may provide hints to how these facilities are constructed. Advances in
nuclear powered tunnel boring machines have been made since the late 1970’s. Additional
rapid excavating devices include laser, and high heat flame jet tunnel boring machines.
   U.S. patent number 3,881,777 issued May 6th 1975, provides significant details regarding a
nuclear powered tunnel boring machine that actually melts rock as it progresses down the
shaft, and directs this liquid molten material to the inner side-walls of the tunnel, creating a
highly polished glass-like lining. These particular TBM’s produce no residual excess rock strata
material out the aft end of the device, and can make over one mile of progress per day.


                            High speed ground transportation system
   Provisions for travelling the vast distance between these TOP SECRET underground facilities
were laid out in a 1967 report by TRW for the office of high speed ground transportation. One
proposal highlighted in the study included futuristic craft tube shuttle craft which would
thunder down underground tunnels at “speeds equal to or greater than present day airliners”.
These high-speed craft were designed to utilize ram-jets or other advanced propulsion systems.
   Possible additional confirmation of the existence of a vast underground tunnel system came
from a retired General Electric engineer. This engineer held a TOP SECRET security clearance,
and stated that he was part of a 1992 operation to tow a B-52 (185 foot wing span) through an
underground tunnel that connected Air Force Plant 42 (Plamdale CA.) to Edwards north base
complex (27 miles away). The engineer remarked that an experimental aircraft was mounted on
a pylon located on the top of the B-52.
   During the transportation process, four additional shafts were observed. Two of these shafts
were seen running north, and the remaining two ran south. Of special interest mentioned by
the engineer, was the fact that one northern shaft was “twice as big as the shaft that I was in,
and that you could tow two B-52’s side-by-side, and still have six feet of clearance on each
wingtip”. If confirmed, this account would prove that indeed, a massive deep black world is
operating autonomously, without public accountability, and may even be above congressional
checks and balances. The specific purpose of these vast underground facilities remain hidden
deep underground, and concealed from view. Are the gigantic sums of funding for these bases
justified solely on the current “terrorist threat”? Does our government know something we
don’t, and are making “contingency plans” to preserve the elite, leaving the general public to
“fend for themselves”. For now, these secrets remain DEEP BLACK.
