{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T06:55:53Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2519813, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126402-little-pudding-river-oregon-2012-ufo-sighting-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "016bd23a0fd4c3b77fb87d84738bbf6f9d54e23502129959a555415badbf6396"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 2992, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Today is March 6* 2014 Thursday afternoon at 1:30pm
My brother and I went to the Marion County Courthouse to keep his appointment for a concealed
hand gun permit.
While waiting in the lobby for my brothers scheduled time for fingerprinting, background checks
and to turn in related paper work, we began talking to a couple also waiting for information from
the Sheriff's office.
The man was in his late forty's or early fifties. He stood about 6 feet one or two and weighed
about 250 pounds. He had short brownish blond, thinning hair and a protruding pot belly. He
said he was a farmer in the Aurora/Hubbard area and farmed all around that area for many years
now.
His demeanor was straight forward and adult like in conversation. He told us the facts as he
knew them. He began to talk and tell us of his UFO experiences when my brother first told him
that he had seen many UFO's using night vision goggles while in California and Nevada, the
man said "So have I!"
Somehow this seemed to relax the big guy and he began to tell about the four different times he
had seen a UFO over a period of several years. He said that it has been about two years since he
has last seen this UFO near the field he was plowing by the Little Pudding River. He guessed it
was the same one he had seen on previous occasions and felt that the UFO had seen him also. It
seemed as though they knew he was no threat to them so they didn't bother him even though he
got fairly close to the craft.
As he related his story there was a sense of urgency and he seemed anxious to get it all out. He
was oblivious to anyone trying to interrupt him or distract him in any way. He began to draw a
picture of what he had seen. He explained every detail of the craft trying to be as accurate as he
could. He was very meticulous and extremely careful not to leave anything out. He answered my
questions without much hesitation which convinced me that he was only relating what he had
seen, without trying to make it up on the spot as he went along. He was very deliberate almost
mechanical as he continued explaining his drawing and filling in more information about the
craft.
It seemed obvious to me that he probably had never told his story to anyone the way he was
doing now. I got the impression that this was the first time he had divulged so much of what he
had witnessed, because it even surprised his lady friend who had known him for many years. I
think he had only given minimal bits and pieces of his story to close friends but never told them
as much as he did with us. His girlfriend was an older woman about mid fifties with white/blond
hair, 5'5" and about 150 pounds. She was there to get a concealed gun permit because she was a
real estate agent and needed protection when showing houses all by herself. She said she lived in
Vancouver, Washington and needed to get an Oregon permit because a lot of her business
appointments were in the Portland area. She was very familiar with "Don' s" UFO sightings and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 657, "chars": 3574, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
had even seen smaller lights that had come out of the main craft although she never saw the main
craft herself. She described three lights that circled around up in the air near the field Don was
working in.
This couple knew absolutely nothing about any UFO information at all, period! They had never
heard of MUFON, or Travis Walton. They were unaware that there were real people who had
been abducted by these crafts and experimented on. Both of them were highly interested in
anything relating to UFOS's so she took notes and said she would look this information up on
the computer when she got home.
The farmer said he wanted to get close to the craft and was hoping to get onboard to see for
himself what it was all about. My brother warned him that most of the UFO experiences had not
been pleasant for the abductees and many physical and mental problems haunted them
afterwords. He told Don that the aliens did many examinations that were related to all parts of
the body trying to create human hybrids with themselves. Don said he wasn't afraid and that it
didn't scare him because he had the armor of God all around his body and that he wouldn't get
hurt. He said it as though he was absolutely convinced he would be OK and wasn't at all
worried, so would try to get on board next time he saw the craft again. I told him to contact
MUFON and talk to the investigators. I said that many people would want to talk to him and that
they would check out his story forwards and backwards. He didn't react as though this would be
a bad thing or a good thing if he would be so thoroughly scrutinized. Somehow I felt that he may
even welcome this intrusion. I advised him to see a hypnotist who had experience with UFO
encounters and who could help him recall information he had forgotten or maybe remember
details that would be helpful. I told him this is especially true if he had difficulty sleeping at
night or if his moods had changed or if he had suddenly become more irritable lately. It was at
this point that he and his girlfriend looked at each other acknowledging that this may well be true
for them. It was as though I had just struck a nerve. As they exchanged telling glances I felt as if
this was exactly what was happening to them right now.
His face was expressionless and stoic as he told his story. He didn't laugh or smile or show any
facial movements at all. He appeared to be entirely credible and didn't miss a beat as he drew his
sketch of the craft and explained how it worked and what he saw. His girlfriend was just as
excited as I was because she said she had never seen him draw such a complete picture of the
craft before and strained her neck to get a glimpse of what he was drawing. Even though he had
told her of his encounters he never had drawn the full picture of what he had seen like the one he
drew for us.
Here is his story as nearly as I can remember it. He states that he has seen this craft on at least 4
occasions over a period of many years.
The craft was triangular in shape but didn't come to a point at the corners. They were rounded
off but still kept the triangle shape. Don insisted that it was not the typical saucer shape. It was
about 180 feet long and wide but not as big as a football field. It hovered about 10 to 15 feet
above the ground right over the Little Pudding River. A long tube like device, about 8-10 feet in
diameter, came out from underneath the craft and extended into the river. Here it would suck up
water from the river and take it into the craft. Water then would return back to the river alongside

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 624, "chars": 3509, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the tube on the outside. It also returned from out of the three pod-like feet that were lowered
from beneath the craft. It looked as though these were landing pods that they used when setting
the craft on the ground. Now they were being used to shoot water out of like an overflow safety
valve. While the craft was sucking up water Don could hear a back and forth swooshing sound
much like you would hear when a washing machine was running.
The craft would hover over the river for about 10-12 minutes until the process was complete. It
would then slowly lift off rising higher and higher as it gently rocked smoothly into space.
Finally, when it was high enough, it would zip off at an incredible speed and disappear from
view.
While hovering above the river Don observed a band of brightly colored lights about 10-15 feet
wide completely surrounding the middle of the craft. These multi colored lights were moving
rapidly from right to left and left to right. They seemed to be pulsating at the same time. The
lights were mostly a reddish/orange color and very bright. The upper part of the craft was more
dome shaped with what appeared to be windows going around the craft. On top of this main
dome was a smaller dome and Don wondered out loud what it was for. Underneath the craft was
a pale blue light similar to a spotlight that shined down on the area around the craft. Don didn't
say if the light shined directly on him or not and he had no sensation of being lifted off the
ground. In response to my question he said he never had any gaps in his memory or missing time
when he checked his watch. He insisted that the sighting was uneventful without any effect on
him personally except to arouse his curiosity.
Don said that as he got nearer to the craft he could feel the electro-magnetic force surrounding
the machine. He said the hairs on his arm and head would begin to stand up. He knew there was
some kind of electro-magnetic force field that shut off his tractor and made the alternator quit
working until the craft had gone. He recalled that there was a hand pump that would start part of
his machinery and it worked fine and wasn't affected by the electro-magnetic field at all. He said
his cell phone failed to work when he tried to use it. It was about this time that he remembered
that there was a cattle field nearby and the farmer said some of his cows were missing. Don
wondered if there was possibly any connection between the two incidents.
I asked if he had gotten any pictures of the craft and this prompted another unusual recall. Don
said that on one of his sightings he literally drove over to the police commissioner's house and
got him to come and see the craft for himself. The commissioner brought his camera and begin to
take many pictures. When the film was developed none of the pictures turned out, it was all
blank. Don also remembered a story his grandmother had told him about seeing something
similar nearly 60 years ago in the same place as Don had seen this craft. His girlfriend recalled
Don's grandmother telling her the same story several years back.
Don mentioned seeing three smaller lights come out of the main craft and hover nearby as
though watching what was going on. Don felt they were more than merely lights as it would
seem at first glance. These appeared to be crafts themselves since they operated independently of
the main craft. When the main craft was ready to leave the three smaller lights would merge with
it and all would disappear together.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1726, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Don wouldn't give us his name nor did we ask him for it. Likewise he was vague about where
these incidents actually occurred; generally being satisfied to let me keep guessing about the
location and he would agree or not agree with my suggestions. I knew the area he was talking
about and was able to zero in on the approximate location using the intersection of the Pudding
River, the Aurora airport, Fobert road and a nearby Dairy which he said were all close to where
these sightings occurred.
On Sunday March 9th
'my brother and I tried to find the intersection point as best we could. We
drove for a few hours in the area we thought it could be. Finally we found one place in the North
Willamette Valley that seemed to fit all the clues. I am convinced that there are a couple of other
spots along the Pudding River that could be likely candidates for such an incidence to occur.
They were far back from the main roads and secluded among groves of trees that would obstruct
anyone's view of the area. One spot in particular would be ideal for such a huge craft to hover
and not be detected until it was finished. It abutted the farmer's field right on the river not far
from some high voltage power lines. The only thing that didn't match up was the location of
Fobert road. It was nowhere near this particular spot. Probably about 6-8 miles further south
from the triangulation of the other areas.
Footnote: I remember asking Don if he could tell if there was any radiation either in the water
or in the area around the craft. He seemed a little indignant that I would ask such a ridiculous
question; he said "I didn't have a Geiger counter" implying that whoever carries a Geiger
counter around with them all the time?
