{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-10T20:18:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13985239, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304379175888997, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126447-long-island-new-york-ufo-illustrations-and-report-from-witnesses-october-9-1972.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541184440000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/126447-long-island-new-york-ufo-illustrations-and-report-from-witnesses-october-9-1972.pdf", "source_sha256": "e966385cc4085dd339469370973176a16e6c5ffe13a6b10d17900a86fb2d76fb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
dhyjec? GS S<CEX My
an Cer wind) J
(Ab af care 7. 53 AM.

lovk-rig Upwersl
an ally

ez

DBIECT AZ MWe or DEL get ee ‘AOD
sitguyfiy 7a

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 879, "chars": 5387, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page 2
UFO INVESTIGATOR/FEBRUARY 1973
Flyover Reported From Long Island
Further investigation has been made of
the UFO sighting reported Oct. 9, 1972,
at approximately 7:30 p.m. on a lonely
stretch of road between Smithtown and
Coram, Long Island (UFO Investigator,
Dec. 1972). The observation and subse-
quent descriptions of the sighting were
provided by a husband and wife who
claim to have observed the object for
more than ten minutes before it disap-
peared from sight.
A thorough investigation of the sight-
ing
was conducted by NICAP's Ted
Bloecher and
Like so
many cases investgated by TUTCAP, the
facts revealed during the ensuing investi-
gation raised as many new questions as
those that were answered. Nonetheless,
the sighting, as reported by the couple,
merits reporting to the NICAP member-
When First Observed
The couple had just left their home in
Smithtown on an errand in Coram, ap-
proximately 20 miles away. Driving east,
the couple had reached the midpoint of
the journey when they both noticed "a
bright, white light, similar to the bright
landing light of an airplane, low in the
sky to the east and just slightly to the
left," noted the investigators' report.
They drove several more blocks before
noticing that, unlike a plane, the light did
not appear to be moving. "Its brightness
considerably exceeded that of a star...
It was just so obvious... it was so much
brighter, so much bigger," recalled the
Witness made this sketch of flying platform he and his wife observed.
apparently was temporarily blocking the
expected line of view.
Midway along the dark and deserted
stretch of highway, the light suddenly
came into view above the treetops at an
angle high overhead and a little forward
of their position, according to the report.
Ạỗạ looked up and I'm suddenly looking
trom the two posterior points of the
triangular-shaped body. Stretching be-
tween these two 'antennas appeared to
be a thinner "pole" or "wire"
Asked by investigators about how she
had been able to distinguish this feature,
she replied: "Whatever the body was
(See Long Island Sighting, page 4)
right under the belly of the thing, and
that's when I yelled to him (her husband)
'Pull off the road, that's no airplane!
Author of Exorcist
There are windows, with lights, under
Tells of UFO Sighting
The car was parked at the side of the
Approximately one mile from where
the object was first observed one of the
witnesses, the wife, exclaimed,
thing is moving!" "Suddenly it was closer
o us, and then we could see it was
road and the wife jumped out of the car
author of the best
to get a better look. Despite his own
seller The Exorcist, has been a witness to
fascination with the object, the husband
a number of unexplained events, at least
admitted he did not get out of the vehicle
one of which involved an alleged UFO in
himself because he was on a very narrow
the sky over Mexico.
shoulder at a dangeous curve in the
Blatty, in a recently published inter-
With the couple now concentrating to
highway. Forced to remain inside the car,
view, said he was on a flight over Mexico
a greater extent than before, they began
the husband opened the window and
when a UFO was sighted. "My God, there
to detect one or more colored lights
leaned his head out to observe the object
it was. I mean there was something there,
seemingly attached to the object. The
as best he could.
bright flaming
orange apparently
white light continued to dominate the
During the next one to two minutes,
spheroid object which was cruising below
scene and, according to the wite, ap-
both individuals claimed to have made
peared to be pulsating "like a heartbeat."
some startling close-hand observations of
The object, according to Blatty, had to
After observing what seemed to be red
be moving at 450 miles per hour to keep
and green lights, the couple concluded, as
they did initially, that "it must be an
airplane." Nonetheless, they continued to
observe the UFO because of the intensity
of the white light. At this point they had
traveled through Seldon, L.I. and were
continuing on their journey.
Both generally agreed the object ap-
peared as an elongated ellipse with a
single row of lights (five or six) running
along the bottom outer edge. Remarking
later about the lights, the husband com-
mented they were "of a highly geometric
shape... they appeared like elongated
up with the plane. The pilot, when
questioned later by Blatty, said that it
had been nothing more than a "burning
a theory that inturiated Blatty
ship/gather than accept something con-
trary to the cultural bias, he reached out
most incredible naturalistic
phenomenon," commented Blatty. 'We
Leaving Seldon, the couple began their
Watching the UFO from a nearby
can't always resort to calling these things
approach to a small hill that lies between
embankment, the wife observed several
[UFOs] the superstitious beliefs of the
Seldon and Coram, their destination. The
things the husband could not observe
light was soon lost to view.
from inside the car. As the object passed
Arriving at the top of the hill, the
overhead and continued in a south-
witnesses admitted they expected to once
westerly direction, she observed what
"And unknown causes is another reach
that absolutely drives me crazy. It's the
ultimate resort of these scientific idiots!
again observe the light, but a treeline
appeared to be two vertical antennas rising

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 285, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
No. 3
Brieut
цінте
PULSATING
Cries H
на віваня
- OBJECT AS IT WAS LEAVING - FLYING VERT
SLOWLY FRAM EAST NE TO WESE S.W.
EJECT APPEARED APPY 8I LANY FE"WIDE IF
HELD AT ARMS LENIn+ wHEN DIRECTLY OUELHEAD.
3FT OF ARC AT ARMS LENSTL
IN SIX SECONDS.
SALL' STANDING
OUTSIDE CAR AT
7:55 PM.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2048, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Transoript of taped interview with
at their home
interviewed by
on November 19, 1972,
XXXXX
Transcribed 11/19/72, by 1B.
Statement by Mrs.
bus east on Jericho Turnpike.
each, my husband and I both noticed a very bright light in the sky. He noticed it,
I noticed it, without saying anything; at the next traffic light he mentioned it
to me, "Did you see the bright light out there?"
I said yes, and he said "well,
keep watching itạẠỊ
just so obvious.
Sylvia - Was it dark?
We kept watching it.
think the paratchag it ving does if you're wang the lay id ador dog's
coming the other, you're gonna get--you know--oloser together.
Then after watching it for a few minutes due to the trees or a turn in the
road we lost sight of it/ for a couple seconds.
Ae we came around the bend, or
And, of course,
light--a steady red light, normal size, normal everything like you would see on an
airplane, the red light portion.
and then he
And then (in) a couple seconds
distance and size in the world, probably the worst--like if it was the wingtips of
a plane, you know, with a red light on one side and a green light on the other.
The
lighte stayed stationary, they did not go on and off, though the white light, you
could see, was pulsating--it never went off, but sort of beat, like a heartbeat,
a simulated heart beat.
I can see why: this thing must be maneuvering in the sky and as l explained it my
lar shape. So as this thing maneuvere, if it goes down, or this way or that way,
naturally you're gonna see only one light, It's only in certain positions you're
gonna see both lights, the red and the green together.
plane. • but we keep watching it because this white light is so outstanding, we're
still wondering. Then as we're driving along I said to my husband, "You know," l
this (Gesture indicates a curve or arc), like sometimes you see a ring around the
moon but you have to look. .some nights it's olear and distinct, other nights
knowe what you're looking at, and we continue watching this... I see the green
bright light, and we're watching it.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2383, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2 -
And then, as ve got to the top of thie hill before you come down into this
place where the rug--the carpet place is, what is the name of that town, un-Corum--
we must have lost sight of it for a minute because there are trees there; how I
know there are trees there, we ran the route last night just, um--to sea. The
trees there're driving here and there are trees and stuff here, I never saw it
wings, I just saw this body there. At this point, looking up, you know, the excite-
If you'd like to drive out there, we could.. • He pulled up as fast as he could,
hill, and Ixges with weeds and such on it, and I ran up that embankment and looked
and by that time, with him pulling forward, you know, stopping the car, and this
thing going this way (the opposite direction), because it was, so, you know, we
under here (the bottom), you see it's not up this high to me (there is much gesturing
vith arme as to heights and angles at this point--15/, in relationship, it's like
this (looking at the pad approximately end on), I don't really see anymore the--he
can see the lights underneath, because of where he was sitting, lower, sticking his
very dark, this thing, as I said if it was advertising it was wackkagakkaamamax the
worst piece of advertising in the world, because it had everything faxkharmanks to
route--TB). You didn't know what you were looking at, then you thought it was an air-
would be considerably narrower in diameter going acroes the top. If it would be
poles it would be in relationship to wire, or a fat poles taxasiatiem to a skinny
pole, that was connected soross the top.
That gave it a very home-made appearance,
the way that rear, with the poles, cause i said to myself., •it looks like someone
made it in their garage.
an added thing.
IS - Van I interrupt you here?
I want to get an idea of the size of the object,
as you were standing on the top of the bluff. Can you hold your hands apart as if
you vere measuring the distanee at arn's length?
Mrs 0
- Examexthatautds Oh, I'd say it was that wide.
Mrs C
say I am not a very good judge of height or distance -- but looking at it in the spot
again last night-the first time we've been back--it must have been lower than I, lover
than what I said in the letter than what you were saying, it might have been higher,
because I judged it, you knox, the telephone poles running along the side of the road

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1718, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
patam--I mean it waen't khaamandaze&x@estzkhatzzitxamsahizthakxmack by the telephone
this thing was like--
Mrs C - leah, but what interested me was that it was so well camoilaged, whatevex
it was, it didn't want to be seen anymore than was absolutely necessary, obviously,
it was
IB - And yet the light was very noticeable--
Mre O - The light on the front, yes, and yet you could only, and however this
darn thing was designed, you could only be in certain positions to see the lighta
in the windows underneath.
TB - was the object darker than the background of the sky?
Are 0 - Les.
Mrs C - (Shakes no)
Xxoe.that night!
Mr C - 0lear sky.
TB - Clear вку.
Mrs. C - I don't think- I think it was pitch dark. What time was it now? It
was far; it was after dinner- He vent to golf (otc. ). ..
Kre. C - It was after supper
Mr 0 - It was 7:55
IS - And what was the duration, when you first saw the light to the point - it -
20 minutes 7
Mr 0 - 15 to 20 minutes --
Mrs. C - You mean from where we first saw it, or from home?
Mr O - From where we firet saw it?
Mrs. 0 - Well then, that's it, because I'm not much judge on-- No--
Mr. O - ·6666666ý Oh, no, I'n sorry - from home --
the light, so maybe the whole deal was ten minutes -
Mr 3 - From 5 to ten minutes.
IB - From 5 to 10 minutes, good.
exoept he made me get back in the car. Afterwards you think what you should have
IB - How long were you on the embankment, would you say?
Mrs O - Several minutes.
TB - Then you did see it -
Wre C - and it kept going -
TB - from two to four minutes on the um-- em--
Mra C - leah, and it didn't go, like, Pffft!, like that.--
1B - Very slowly?
Mre C - Just kept going, yeah.
TB - All right, that's fipe. That's very good
thank you.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 1763, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 4 -
Statement by Mr
My name 18
On November 9--uh, October 9 at, uh, around 7
We were traveling east on Route 25. Along about two-thirds of the way through
light, low down.
I had the feeling thxenaxabankxtemxhimas maybe it was about
ten times a star, uh, ten times the size of a normal star, maybe half the size
of a full moon, but looking like a star and very bright. And our thoughts were
big hill in Corum - the big hill before Corum - starting up it, my wife mentioned
he hill, going up the hill, we lost sight of it completely for awhile. At the
op of the hill, my wife said something to the effect of, "That is no airplane.
hill, and was in a dangerous pésition, so I did not get out. She got out immediately
front light, a slight curvature, but the main impression was a big arc of lighte
underneath this dark body, curming backward.
TB - Square lighta?
lights going around in an elliptical
TB - In a single row?
Mr O - In a double row, in like an elipse, going backwarde
Sylvia - How many, would you say?
or six on a side - could have been more.
TB - Pive or six double?
Mr C - Ies, on either side, going around.
Sylvia - In a single row, going around -
shoe;
and we left--we left to go down to the rug works.
TB - About how much time bad elapeed at that point?
Mr C - I yould eay we were at the top of the hill looking maybe a minute, saybe s
minute and a half, could have been twe minutes.
TB - On the *exxe@x*ke hil1?
I had the feeling it was of a very large object, it was low down and I'd thought it
tas maybe a thousand feet overhead. But going back, it was going axtremely slow
nd soon as we got home I thought about it and I would say that it, again at arm's
hend, in a 90 degrse are.
TB - You mean it was six seconds, sic seconde to go--
Mr C -

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2208, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 5-
upapy - Right.
would have said, I had the feeling
sisable thing.
TB - And your estimate (Mrs. C'a) 1a more to 30 inches, so it varies betveen 8 to
30.
Mrs C - well, maybe you should go by him rather than me because (laughing) I admit
on not being a good judge.
steadily, while I just cramped my neck upward from time to time.
moving, when I firat noticed this overhead, all I know is that I saw windows under-
neath the body. It wean't, like, on the aides, it was underneath the body, and I
couldn't really tell you if I saw eight or ten or five or six and I couldn't tell you,
like, 1f they were in a row. All I know is that suddenly I got, you know, you get so
all of a sudden I look up and atkik it's right over me and I kaox just know I suddenly
TB - Is it possible these lights come on at a point between your last having seen
it through the vindshield and the point of getting out and viewing it from the outaide
of the car? (Ho ho--trick question #l!)
Are C - Oh, I was in the oar when I first eaw the lights, that's how
TE - You yere in the oar?
no on do 2n to hole
sere they square, round, octagonal, triangular, just globe?
impression i vould say they were rectangular shape, not too big, any individual one.
pay and that the wooh walletely a hore time drier sung in thingn
doing
we were both thinking, and we got home here, we refreined from diseussing it until
we both wrote our individual impressions.
We purposefully refrained from discussing
it so we wouldn't - influence each other.
outaide:
Mre 0 -
THad And he would draw something what I saw and I'd say, No that's not
what I saw, and the only thing I let him leave was the windows. • «because the windows
that it was because of the elevation from where I was standing, the relation to where
I was standing when I was out of the car I no longer saw the windows because it must
have been in relation to, life, this eye level (gestures), ratner than to this eye
level, because then I'm looking up, it's not at my eye level, but I'm looking at a -=a -
TB - Mich angle.
Mre 0 - Yeah.
The thing had no sides, no sides. Like it didn't have a top, a
bottom and sides. It's true when they say-
TB - It'a two dimensional, in other vords, flat?

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2426, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
because
Mr 0 - I can't be sure theixitx
TE - You couldn't be sure.
how about you?
it was the sane light, I felt that night it was the same night it was the same light--
TB - But there is some question in your mind?
there isn't a question in my mind is, I know I saw this thing from the car and when I
know you actually see an object.
13 - I'm thinking that Venus would have been-
Mr 3 - Venus--
(TS reached down here to be sure it was on and turned it off)
TB - I didn't nean to interrupt you,
Tell un about Yenue.
the same object, going
and bot, she toot hate intuithat sar,
that venue wes off in that direction, altho it was a very bright Venus, and looked a
little larger, it could very well have been--
Mrs G - However, though, when I went into the store, and looked up, and you looked
most five minutes, cause I had to walk way in the back to return the sample that the
salesman, and back-- um, and I came out, I still see it but it was further away from
when I seen it when I Zirak got out of the car at the rug works-- does Venue move that fa
73 - Wall, can you identify Venus when you see it?
Mre C - No.
Mr G - I can.
Mre C - Did you conaciously look for Venus?
Mr C - I didn't conscioualy look for Venus
look
up--
- Can you compare the brightness of the windowa to the original light?
was it as bright as the original bright light?
Mes o - No. No, it was like, as I say, if you were here and you looked over to
the next block and the lady had the light lit in her room, you know there's a light
lit in that room, but light doeen't come out of the building--
Sylvia - You said this took place in the dark--
Mrs 0 - Us hmm-
antenna-like objects, by what light did you see those?
Mr C - We were looking west -
Mrs 0 - I don't know what light I saw, as I say, you hadda-- it was- everything
about the thing was that you shouldn't see it, because those thinge were dark, too.
Sylvis - Were thoee things darker than the sky?
Mre C - Yee, the object was darker than the sky.
Mr C - The sky was a very blaok-blue, not black on as a cloudy, a late cloudy
night, but uh, a real dark blue, as after sunset, there was still a tiny bit of
light, but it's real dark.
I think, I think, uh, maybe these, uh, sketches would
help identify what-
- How did you feel when you saw this object?
It happene and you're upasked that. Uh, different than I thought I would. It all-
"prepared for it, you think you're prepared for iaxamixyzakme

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2041, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
not gonna have sides.
You know, no-- no--
TB - No rim.
Mra C - No rim.
Strange voice - Callavee, we'l! just file it.
Mrs C - The back was flat.
The back went right like that, straight, and then
these antennas up, and whatever connected it, of course, at the top of the antennas,
#ere they as tall ga the object was wide? Taller, or shorter?
Mrs C - At least as tall ga the object was wide, across the back, possibly taller.
Bre C - Right, which is just a very short distance away --
13 - And it was still visible at the drug-- uh, rug store?
carpet place, after all, it's going the other way, right?
TB - Yeah --
Mre 3 - It's visible, but only that big white
light is visible again. How the
TB - Uh huh--
Mre C - I mean ite, it'e fem*--
white light.
Mra O - (Shakes head, yes.)
TB - And you could see nothing of the red or green light at this point, or nothing
of the darker silhouette of the object.
you have a triangle like this (holding up pad), and this is the rear section (the
back of the pad,
ith the point of a triangle moving forward--IB) and (these are)the
coints (the twoP9F
terior angles), the lights were, like, not on the back, they were
TS - The red and green lighte?
TB - At the rear
TB - Uh him.
Mr G - She kept pointing to this a, this um-- what looked like a very large atar
It may have picked
up speed or been a considerable distance away by that time. I personally couldn't,
uh-- ouldn't have sworn that it was the game object, at the Corum rug warks-- she
was in there about five minutes, and came out--
Mrs O - All I did was return a sample -
Mr C - We, uh - already
TB - You saw it, you saw it twice then!
you saw it when you got aut of the oar
at the rug work, as the bright light you saw originally--
Mrs. O - I did, he stayed'in the car. I juet ran in to return a sample piece that
we had borrowed.
TB - All right, did you keep it in--in sight,
then, while you were out
was imritanside the
Ixmk was facing the opposite way, so I didn't keep sight of it--
Mrs C - He was just anxious to get home again (laughs)--

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 2788, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
uh - you're thinking of watching the light and all, but still in your mind
you're still thinking of the carpet you bought that day, and this sort of thing--
sikky always--l know it sounds silly, but i alwaye said if l ever saw one i was
going to jump up and down and wave, Let them know i was glad to see them, but i
never even thought of doing it, I mean, I was so busy pointing (laughe), I said
maybe they thought I was waving at them--
Sylvia - Did you have any fearfulness?
Mrs 0 - No.
Mre C - No, none whatsoever.
Sylvia - what about
- Well, 1 can't believe that he didn't get out of the car.
And neither
can he.
I kept uh, thinking in terms of airplanes.
It wasn't until the last minute I gaw
the›
uh, the large mass and the lights that I-- dispelled the notion of an airplane.
And I think I said well, I'm glad Gracie finally saw one of these UFOe. Previously
she said I can't get excited until one lands on the lawn and Rats "I am a flying saucer..
amee for a figi contest once, for a kite thing, and he did, he made a like a flying
cause I used to always kid, cause we are well read on the subject and in my heart
I de believe in such things, but you always have the element of doubt, you know, you
figgure, Well
by and says, Yes, lady, I'm a flying saucer, go it was sort of like a family joke,
and that's why I thought I'd be, you know -
IB - wall, there was sorething in thie sighting, then, that said to you, "Yee,
lady, I am a flying saucer--
Mrs C- Oh, yes-- to me it was-
79 - without spelling it out --
Mrs C - Without spelling it out, yes, definitely.
All I, -- if you wanna be--
I mean, very scientific, and everything, you always have to leave room for doubt,
I mean -- it was something, in my knowledge, that does not fly -- 1s not, you know,
as far as public knowledge goes, it was not a helicopter, it was not an airplane,
it was not a blimp, it was not anything the average person knowe that flies. I mean,
if you could prove to me that there's someWhagtif af experimental-- which there
very xexixaigasxamams likely may be, uh -- going on, and this is there experimental
thing, they sure didn't want anybody to know about their experiment, that's all I
can say, becsuse as 1 say, thin thing was -- they did everything so you really
But this was not
an airplane, was not a helicopter, was not a blimp, was not not a-- awamp grass, or
gas orwhatever it is, it wasn't air pollution, or anything else, you know, like that.
TB - Start that again.
ed,
and, un,
could be scaled, smom
hundred feet high and we were sitting on the beach front, um, with a-- clear viey
of the lake, and either gide was bounded by very very think pines, extending maybe
about the ga i rees dod held atsuddenly saw thie extremely bright light. Itva:
It was about
brigh
mestylane toxei,
Alae

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2026, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
11ke
went the 00 degrees of arc in a second or lese, extremely fuet, and lerge,
sort of elongated. And, ub, it was in front of the hills, so it wae over the
to lie implit tie the unter into the later e
in dismeter, if it were a half mile away,
and, uh, maybe trevling from twoo
have been an unknown, a UNO.
TB - Had you considered the poseibility of a fireball meteor?
lake, maybe a hundred over the lake, and traveling so perfectly parallel, that, uh,
it wae extremely unlikely, in my mind, that it was
Mr C - I was-- it wae -- (over above)
Mrs
-
Hie
re
looking up there--
Mr C - You could see it againet the background of the --
TB - But you didn't see it?
(laughing) and it was go-
TE - Is there any way you can, uh, establish the date more precisely, cause if
other reports.
interest in the subject of UPOs--TB)
Are 0 - Oh, no -- wait a minute--
Mr C - Oh, no, it must have been before that.
We got the, uh, Volkewagon in --
this_was before we got the Volkewagon, wean't it? No, after--
Mrs C - I don't remember-.
up there.
Nre. C - Long Lake, now which one was Long Lake?
Mr C - Maine--
Arcadia, or back from Baxter, where-- when did we etop et Long Hake
Ron 0 - Could yo& look it up in the albun?
when did we for
Mre D - Yeah, bicycle built for two.
Do we have any pictures of that? You
can judge by the age of the kids.
Daughter - We wont to Colorado in '56.
Mrs 0 - But we went up north, before that, then.
We made ao many trips up to
and I struggled with them.
(Ic out this short, it was determined that they had spent the first week of
July, 1960, up on Prince Edward Island, "July 4th weekend," and came south to Long
Lake, Maine, about the second week in July, 1900--TB.)
to her last view--the poseible spurious sighting-- of the object; it is amusing,
but adds little data to the report.,
"Two classmen are sittin' there like globe,
ya know, just sittin' there.
It establishee that she spent about five minutes
in the store, before she caue back outeide. She had put the object out of her mind,
at this point.)

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1844, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
about the object?
Jesh --
You put it out of your mind, so that you--
the afternoon we wand up we went to another store and ordered this carpeting (indicates
he
rpet they just finished laying in the living room).
Then you disposed of the sample and you walked out of the carpet store--
Mrs
Then I
what was the first thing you did?
wooked up in the sky
(laughing) and i eeld the damn thing's still there,
but it was
further away again, the light.
at that point it
was furtber away.
hrs
Further away.
TB -
At that point can you be sure you weren't seeing Venue?
Mrs -
IB - l'm not even sure Venus was an evening star at that point--it may have been &
morning
xx, but this can be checked
- What day of the weak was :
are
- Monday.
That I know, cause it
was the holiday.
that ends the
recorded
statement
Sone of thie me clarified later, as we drove
ofer the route the
somewhere between 7:30
and 8 p.
(the sighting ocourred closer to 9 p.m.--[BQ.
had a map with me during the ride and carefully marked of? the following pointat
1•
east, along Route 25 (Middle County Road, and exteneion of Jerioho Turnpike), about
2.
The point where the light appeared to be approaching, or getting Larger.
The point at the top of
the Will where the object auddenly reappeared over
the trees lining the left of the road, and crossed Route 25 at a narrow angle in the
direction toward
out to watch.
On the hilltop, the north side of Route 25 is Milled with large trees, and a few
abandoned cabins; the south side of the hi jaway is lined with telephone poles, and
is wide open, with fielda extending of? into the distance. It le sparsely settled,
until you got down to the foot of the hill, a quarter of a mile away, toward the Coram
crosaroade, where there are a number of houses and commercial establiahments.
(See map for more detaila.)
Trenecribed 11/19-20/72
