{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:23:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2084057, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126432-anderson-south-carolina-dome-shaped-craft-drawing-and-report-september-11-1980.pdf", "source_sha256": "b63e1f38c9e1d23ceefe9cc70ba064782ba19ab5dc67ee2a7ca0e7f978a551fc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 518, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANDERSON SOUTH CAROLINA
(SEPTEMBER 11, 1980)
CONFIDENTIAL
- 8'X 6' "WINDOWS"
(VIOLET LIGHT)
CRAFT EMITTED A SOUND
SIMILAR TO A HONDA
MOTORCYCLE
BOTTOM OF SHIP LOOKED
PERFECTLY FLAT AND SMOOTH
CRAFT MEASURED
40 FEET HIGH
SMOOTH METALLIC
ROLL ABOVE THE
WINDOW LINE
LOOKED LIKE A
LARGE WELD SEAM
3 FEET WIDE
PIPE-LIKE PROJECTION
LOOKED LIKE A 2-1/2 FOOT
DIAMETER TUBE WITH A RED
LIGHT AT THE END
ROUND BRIGHT LIGHTS LIKE
QUARTZ-HALOGEN HEADLIGHTS
WERE SPACED COMPLETELY
AROUND THE BOTTOM
- 100 FEET IN DIAMETER
SIDE VIEW

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 635, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANDERSON, SOUTH CAROLINA
11 September 1980
Top
Large hemi-sphere
metallic object
Measured 100'
feet diameter
from ground
reference
points
Bottom
Made sound
like honda
motorcycle
40 feet
top
i to
bottom
Flat finish
metallic
silver
Clean
lines
Bottom devoid of detail
Smoothe metallic
roll above the
window line
looked like
large weld
seam 3 feet
wide
8' high by
6' wide
"windows"
Bottom of ship
looked
perfectly
flat and
smoothe
Violet
light
came
from
windows
Round bright lights like quartz-
halogen headlights were spaced
completely around the bottom
Pipe-like projection looked like
2 1/21 diameter tube with a
red light attithe end

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1415, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the early morning hours of September 11, 1980 Mr.
: (resident of Anderson
South Carolina) was awakened by a brilliant light. He quickly jumped out of bed, and witnessed
a large luminous object hovering in a horizontal position. Mr.
also alerted his wife,
and urged her to view the object as well. The craft was no more than 150 feet away, and
approximately forty feet above the tree-tops. The object was completely surrounded with
multiple halogen-like headlights which lit up the surrounding area like day, and it emitted an ear-
shattering noise. Above the lights were a row of rectangular shaped windows which emanated a
deep purple colored light, and measured 6' X 8'. There was a smooth raised "seam" located
immediately above the windows, which ran along the entire circumference of the object. The
bottom surface of the craft was flat and dark in color. A small red light was connected to a
curved pipe-like structure that was located on the bottom of the craft. Mr.
contacted the
Anderson County Sheriff's Office, and Deputy
< arrived at the scene in time to
witness the UFO's departure. Residual effects on the witnesses from the craft included: eye
irritation, ringing in the ears, and headaches. Evidence of dangerous radiation was found in the
nearby soil where the craft had hovered, and also on pine needles. A recommendation was made
that the area under the ship's hovering position be roped off.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 2833, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO sighted in Easley (SC) - Easley, South Carolina, United States - September 9, 1980 -... Page 2 of 3
It was unlike anything has ever seen before. It left him almost transfixed, in i
a state of awe and exhilaration, The euphoria lasted 24 hours before
said he
felt normal again.
saw the strange fly-, tag object at Sa.m. About three hours earlier X
Road in Anderson had seen something similar. XXX also
described a feeling of excitement and exhilaration after the sighting.
The object has not been identified.
But that does not make it any less real to
The Progress.
He related his experience to
"I had gone out in the yard to work on my wife's car," he said. "She works on the
second shift and was still asleep. I heard a buzzing sound, sort of like a big swarm
of bees. Or like a Honda, way off In the distance. I looked down the driveway to see
if a car was turning around, but I didn't see anything. As I turned back, toward my
wife's car I got a glimpse of something over the top of the trees."
"That's the Goodyear blimp!" was my first thought. Then I realized it wasn't a blimp.
It was something a lot bigger. I couldn't see it very good, so I walked around to the
front of the house. And there it was, out in the clear, right up over me. It was big.
Real big. "How big?" he was asked. "Oh, it was as big as Belk's store. But a whole
lot taller," he said.
He staunchly stands by his estimate of the size of the object. He says when he
looked at it, the object reminded him of a large battleship he had seen once in the
Norfolk, Va. harbor.
He described the windows as being very long, and totally black, except for one
window that shone with a blinding, glaring light. X
> said this could have been
the sun reflecting off the window, but he couldn't tell for sure. The glare was too
bright.
He was specific about the color. He said it appeared to be a metallic, purplish-gray.
He was sure the bottom side of the object was metal, of an exceptional
smoothness. He saw no seams, although he said there was what appeared to be a
metal pipe protruding from the underside.
XXXcould not see the entire shape of the object. He said It appeared to be tilted
backward, so that what he saw, primarily, was the bottom of the "saucer." However,
he saw enough of the upper part to be sure that it was dome shaped.
"It was shaped sort of like the big water tank up town," he said, "Except a whole lot
bigger."
The description given by XXX in Anderson matched X
X in most respects
except for the lights. X
. who saw the object in full daylight, said there were no
lights on it. XXX saw the object before daylight, and said it carried blinding
lights all around its perimeter.
Both men described the object to artist XXXX of the Pickens County Sheriffs
Department. Neither man conferred with the other, but the sketches drew from
1/14/2009

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2158, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- UFO sighted in Easley (SC) - Easley, South Carolina, United States - September 9, 1980 -... Page 3 of 3
their description were very similar except for the protruding lights reported by
XXXX•
The sheriff's deputy theorte-ed that the lights could have been retractable, to be
pulled into the fuselage of the craft when not in use.
Although several people were reported to have seen the "flying saucer" in
Anderson, no one else, apparently, saw the big object in Easley. XX said his
next door neighbor was not at home at the time, and the neighbor across the street
was probably busy with her children inside the house.
After he had watched the strange object for a minute said he ran into the
house to call his wife. But when he got inside he stopped, thinking to himself that
his wife would say he was crazy if he told her what he had seen. He hesitated a
moment in the kitchen, then ran back outside to reassure himself that the object
was still up there above the trees. When he got outside it was gone.
Later in the morning >
X wife convinced him that he should report ^he sighting
to someone. He called the Pickens County Sheriff's Department, and it was then
that he heard for the first time that a UFO had been sighted in Anderson, also.
Many theories nave been advanced as to the origin and the identity of the strange
object. The Easlej Progresi called the Greenvllle-Spartanburg Airport's cantrol tower
to ask if an unidentified craft had been picked up on radar.
The individual contacted at the tower said the object did not show up on radar. He
expressed considerable skepticism that there actually had been an unidentified
flying object in the area.
Some persons believe the flying object might have something to do with a
Government project of some sort, possibly a weather balloon. Others wonder If it
was something sent over from Russia or some other unfriendly country. And then
there are those who fear that it was an interplanetary space craft.
Whatever it was, it was not a figment of XXXX imagination. He saw
something very big and beautiful in his front yard last Thursday. He convinces you,
when you talk to him about it
XXX
1/14/2009

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1383, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO
Report
Perks
Interest
By The Associated Press
ANDERSON, S.C. — Two men
who investigate sightings of
unidentified flying objects say
they want to determine if some
Anderson County residents
really saw what they think they
saw.
"I feel like this is a credible,
believable sighting," said Pete
Mazzola. "We want to see if there
is any trace of a UFO."
Mazzola, a New York City
policeman, and Jim Fillow, a
former New Jersey policeman,
came to Anderson Friday as
members of the New York-based
Scientific Bureau of In-
vestigation, which probes UFO
sightings.
Four Anderson County
deputies and some residents of
the Broadway Lake area of
Anderson County reported they
watched a brightly lit object in
the sky for a couple of hours
early Thursday morning.
Some of the residents said
before the deputies arrived, the
disc-shaped object hovered over
their homes, lighting the area
and making a humming noise
before it zoomed away.
Mazzola said they will take soil
and make radiation tests in the
area to determine if there was an
unusual amount of radioactivity.
He said the U.S. Air Force is
not helpful with his
organization's investigations.
"They tell us the same thing
every time," he said. "There was
nothing on their radar and they
do not investigate unidentified
flying objects."
He said SBI is a private,
nonprofit organization which
probes about 1,500 UFO sightings
each year.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2805, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sheriff's Deputies Confirm Sighting
Noisy UFO Wakes Anderson Residents, Streaks Off
By The Associated Press
no report of a UFO. He said the Air Force "closed
and sped off like a streak of lightning at treetop
McAlister said. "They apologized to me. We wat-
its investigation of UFOs back in the 1960s. " Radar
level."
ANDERSON, S.C. — A disc-shaped unidentified
operators at Greenville-Spartanburg Airport did
ched it for two hours."
The object stayed within view, however, and a
Finally, he said, "it went straight up out of
flying object awakened some Anderson County
not record the object, an airport official said.
neighbor, Steve Partain, brought out a telescope.
residents on Thursday with a humming noise and
McAlister, 40, said he woke up at 4:20 a.m. when
McAlister's wife, Faye, said the UFO's windows
sight."
A spokesman for the Anderson County Sheriff's
bright lights before speeding away, they said.
he heard a loud humming noise. "I thought it was a
The UFO was also spotted at a distance by
helicopter crashing in my backyard," he said.
were easier to see through the telescope.
Department said the object was spotted at a great
several Anderson County deputies and residents of
McAlister said he
went to the window after
"It was beautiful, just beautiful," she said. "It
distance by deputies.
Powdersville and Williamstown who telephoned
hearing the noise and saw the UFO. He awoke his
was just like a glant star. But it wasn't a star and it
local radio stations.
wife, and she awoke one of their daughters.
wasn't a weather balloon."
McAlister said he reported the object to the
Jerry McAlister said he saw the object up close
The object was about 70 feet long, about two
for about three minutes as it hovered over his home
stories high and had two rows of windows, all so
sheriff's department. A short time later, he said, he
overheard deputies on his police radio monitor
near Broadway Lake. "I couldn't see anyone, just
brightly lit that it was impossible to see anything
saying they believed the sighting was a prank. He
all those windows lit up, " he said.
Inside, he said.
Lt. Keith Larner, a spokesman at Shaw Air Force
"It hovered over the same area for about three
called again and told them to come to his home.
Then the officers saw it, he said.
Base near Sumter, said the Air Force had received
minutes," he said. "Then It turned up on its side
"It was so bright it could hurt the naked eye,"
The spokesman, who refused to identify himself,
said the department's dispatcher quoted a deputy
as saying he saw "some sort of light that was a
great deal brighter than anything around it."
Asked about a possible
investigation, the
spokesman replied: "What is there to investigate?
An object was seen. An object left. We couldn't get a
tag number on it so we couldn't investigate."

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 513, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ANDERSON SOUTH CAROLINA
(SEPTEMBER 11, 1980)
CONFIDENTIAL
-8'6 WINDOWS"
(VIOLET LIGHT)
CRAFT EMITTED A SOUND
SIMILAR TO A HONDA
MOTORCYCLE
BOTTOM OF SHIP LOOKED
PERFECTLY FLAT AND SMOOTH
CRAFT MEASURED
40 FEET HIGH
SMOOTH METALLIC
ROLL ABOVE THE
WINDOW LINE
LOOKED LIKE A
LARGE WELD SEAN
3 FEET WIDE
PIPE-LIKE PROJECTION
LOOKED LIKE A 2-1/2 FOOT
DIAMETER TUBE WITH A RED
LIGHT AT THE END
ROUND BRIGHT LIGHTS LIKE
QUARTZ-HALOGEN HEADLIGHTS
WERE SPACED COMPLETELY
AROUND THE BOTTOM
- 100 FEET IN DIAMETER
SIDE VIEW
