{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:29:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2283963, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126574-livingston-scotland-sphere-encounter-in-the-forest-full-report-november-9-1979.pdf", "source_sha256": "46131413529f7323eb6a220b40457fb897ec044d56a7bcd3c3e76ce92caeba3f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 38, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
= tip "a if “AG; ou Oe“
aha ‘ *Cto «

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1367, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Assault by strange spheres reported in Scotland
On November 9, 1979 Robert Taylor (forester with the Livingston Development
Corporation), left his house in the morning around 10:30 AM to inspect a few young trees within
the vicinity of Livingston Scotland (United Kingdom). He was riding in an official Forestry
Department van, and eventually parked on the side of the road due to the heavy tree growth in
the area. Proceeding on foot (with his dog), Mr. Taylor turned a nearby corner and caught sight
of an unusual craft. The object appeared to be spherical in shape, with a strange collar running
along the outer circumference. The UFO was hovering a few feet above the ground, and made no
sound. Its exterior was dark grey metallic in color, and its texture resembled that of sandpaper.
On some areas of the craft, it appeared to be transparent. There were also a series of portholes
running along the outside. Mr. Taylor estimated its size to be approximately twenty feet in
diameter.
Then, Taylor was shocked and amazed to see two smaller sphere shaped objects (measuring
three feet in diameter), exit the bottom of the UFO. They quickly approached him, and appeared
to have the same exterior texture of the larger craft. However, the smaller objects had "spikes" or
appendages sticking out (similar to war-time naval mines). As they rolled across the ground in

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1015, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
his direction, they made a strange "plopping" noise. Upon reaching him, the objects attached
themselves (one on each trouser leg below the pockets). Then, Taylor felt that the small spheres
were tugging him in the direction of the larger craft. He also noticed a strange smell emanated
from the objects that resembled "burnt automobile brake linings". He was now being dragged on
the ground towards the craft, and eventually lost consciousness. When he woke up, the objects
were gone, and he noticed that he had lost his voice. He also tried to stand, but lost the use of his
legs. Eventually, Mr. Taylor crawled the 300 feet back to his van, and tried without success to
use his two-way radio to alert the authorities. Attempting to drive back to safety, Mr. Taylor got
caught in soft soil and could not drive out. Somewhat recovering after the incident, Taylor was
then forced to stagger the mile back to his home. Source: APRO Bulletin July 1980, Journal of
Transient Aerial Phenomena Vol. 1, No. 2, March 1980.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 4074, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the apro bulletin
VOL. 29, NO. 1
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
JULY, 1980
THE SCOTTISH LANDING CASE
I-
(See Story at Right)
71 guro Is
The appearance of the UP and 'aines',
as described by
the
CREES.
but dram
I-X Indicates the exis of rotation of the
UFOS INSPIRE
WELL DRILLING?
Almost every night for the last 7 years, Pat
McGuire believes his farm, located 30 miles north of
Laramie, has been visited by humanoid beings travel-
ing in multi-colored UFOs. His sightings are confirmed
by his wife and eight children, as well as Dan and
Ruth Grover who also live on the farm. McGuire
describes the UFOs as about 300 feet wide and 60 feet
tall and capable of amazing speed.
McGuire's relationship with the UFO beings began
in 1971, he believes, with a compulsion to dig a well in
the prairie basin that is now his home. He was told by
geologists that there wasn't enough water in the basin
for an irrigation well, and several drilling companies
refused to drill the well for him, saying that it was a
waste of time. He started making plans to drill the
well on his own and everyone was surprised when he
tapped into an underground river at 350 feet.
McGuire's well can now pump 8,000 gallons of water
per minute and has turned his sagebrush desert into
5,100 acres of irrigated grassland. Drillers who have
since tried to tap the underground river in other
locations have all failed.
It wasn't until 1978 that McGuire began to under-
(See Drilling, Page 4)
The February 1980 (Vol. 28, #8) issue of the Bulletin
contained a preliminary report on the alleged encounter
of a West Lothian, Scotland forester with a strange
object and equally strange smaller objects or "enti-
ties". The "happening" took place on November 9,
1979, and the following is the information gleaned
from additional clippings and mainly from the Journal
of Transient Aerial Phenomena, Vol.1, No.2, March,
1980. Strangely enough, the article was written by
Stuart Campbell, the architect who initially identified
y dented
the objects) as manifestation(s) of ball lightning.
However, it does seem that Mr. Campbell is being
fairly objective, and the following are the "gleanings"
We refer the readers to the February, 1980 (Vol. 28,
#8) issue of the Bulletin to save space and repetition.
Robert Taylor, forester, (sixteen years tenure with
the Livingston Development Corporation) and now a
foreman, left his home in Lothian at 1000 GMT in a
Forestry Department van, to inspect young trees to
the North of the town near highway M8. As he could
not drive the van all the way due to the density of
trees, he left it on the side of the roadway and
proceeded on foot.
Mr. Taylor, accompanied by his dog-walked the
rest of the way, and at about 10:15 he rounded a
corner in the forest path ( 100 meters from the road
but out of sight of it) and came upon a strange sight.
Before him was a rounded object with a rim-like
appendage (according to Journal of Transient Aerial
Phenomena) not unlike a circular platform (see draw-
ing, reproduced from JTAP, artist not identified).
At first the smaller objects were not in evidence,
according to Taylor. The larger object was hovering
above the ground, neither moving nor making any
sound. The "thing" was dark grey with a texture
similar to that of sand-paper. It appeared to become
transparent in one area or another, seemingly, to
Taylor, to "camouflage" itself. The "craft" was esti-
mated to be twenty feet (six meters) in diameter.
Taylor said he stood, amazed, and stared at the
object, then two small objects (apparently coming
from under the large object) "rushed" toward him.
They had a color and texture similar to that of the
"parent" object, but were outfitted with appendages
(see figure 1). They rolled on a horizontal axis and
made a "plopping" noise as the "legs" made contact
with the ground.
Upon reaching him, these objects each attached
itself to one (each) of his trouser legs, just below the
pockets on the sides. Taylor felt them tug him toward
the large object and at the same time, he said, he was
nearly suffocated by a strong acrid
smell which he

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 638, "chars": 4414, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 2
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
Copyright © 1981 by the
AERIAL PHENOMENA
RESEARCH ORGANIZATION, INC.
3910 E. Kleindale Road
Tucson, Arizona 85712
Phone: 602-323-1825 and 602-323-7363
Coral E. Lorenzen, Editor
Richard Heiden, Assistant Editor
Lance P. Johnson, Robert Gonzales, Artists
A.P.R.O. STAFF
International Director.
Director of Research.
Secretary-Treasurer
Membership Secretary
Staff Librarian..
Office Manager.
L.J. Lorenzen
James A. Harder, Ph.D.
Coral E. Lorenzen
Madeleine H. Cooper
Allen Benz
Christine Panter
A.P.R.O. MEMBERSHIP including BULLETIN:
United States
Canada & Mexico.
• $12.00/yr.
..$13.00/yr.
(Canadian Currency will be accepted)
All other countries
$15.00/yr.
Overseas Airmail
..$17.50/yr.
SUBSCRIPTION to BULLETIN: Same as Above.
Anthropology
Physiology
Zoology.
Zoology
Medicine
Medicine.
Medicine
Psychiatry
Psychiatry
Aeronautics
Astronomy
Astrophysics.
Civil Engineering
Computer Technology
Electrical Engineering
Geology
Geophysics
Mechanical Engineering
Metallurgy
Physics
Physics
Physics
Plasma Research
Seismology
CONSULTING PANELS
Biological Sciences
Peter W. Van Arsdale, Ph.D.
Harold A. Cahn, Ph.D.
Richard Etheridge, Ph.D.
EE:
Burt L. Monroe, Jr., Ph.D.
Medical Science
Louis E. Daugherty, M.D.
Richard Niemtzow, Ph.D.
R. Donald Woodson, M.D.
•Jule Eisenbud, M.D.
Berthold E. Schwarz, M.D.
Physical Sciences
Rayford R. Sanders, M.S.M.E.
Daniel H. Harris, Ph.D
Richard C. Henry, Ph.D.
James A. Harder, Ph.D.
Vlastimil Vysin, Ph.D.
Brian W. Johnson, Ph.D.
Philip Seff, Ph.D.
L.K. Lepley, Ph.D.
Arlan K. Andrews, Sc.D.
Walter W. Walker, Ph.D.
Richard F. Haines, Ph.D.
Gerhard H. Wolter, Ph.D
Robert M. Wood, Ph.D
Peter A. Sturrock, Ph.D.
. John S. Derr, Ph.D.
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
JULY, 1980
History
Philosophy
Philosophy
Psychology
Psychology
Sociology
Social Sciences
David M. Jacobs, Ph.D.
..Robert F. Creegan, Ph.D.
Emerson W. Shideler, Ph.D.
Ronald Neman, Ph.D.
R. Leo Sprinkle, Ph.D.
•Ron Westrum, Ph.D.
compared with that of burning automobile brake
linings and which he felt came from the "things"
Taylor became aware that he was being dragged
forward and his boots were scraping on the ground,
before he lost consciousness, and fell forward and laid
face downwards.
When Taylor
regained consciousness, the objects
were gone, but his dog was with him. He tried to
speak to her but found he had lost his voice. He tried
to stand but his legs would not support him, so he
crawled approximately 90 meters (300 ft.) back up the
trail toward his van, and then unsteadily half crawled
and half staggered the rest of the 430 meters to his
van. There, he attempted to contact his headquarters
via two-way radio but was unsuccessful because of his
Taylor then attempted to back the van up the track
but unfortunately he ran off the track onto soft ground
and could not get it out. Using short cuts through
woods and fields, he walked the remaining 1600 meters
back to his home, arriving at 11:30 a.m. During his
walk between his van and his home his voice returned.
Upon seeing her husband's state when he arrived
home, Mrs. Taylor assumed he had been attacked and
started to call the police, but Taylor stopped her and
had her call Mr. Malcolm Drummond, the head of the
Forestry Department and his superior. Drummond
immediately went to the Taylor residence and he and
Taylor went back to the scene of the encounter where
they found strange holes in the ground which Taylor
said had not been there before that morning. Mrs.
Taylor had noticed some unaccountable tears in his
trousers in the areas where Taylor claimed the small
objects had attached themselves.
Mr. Taylor was later examined by his Doctor who
found only a "grase" (scrape?) on his chin and on his
thigh. The Doctor sent him to the Bangour hospital
for a skull X-ray but Taylor checked himself out before
this was accomplished. (Editor's note: This may strike
some readers as odd, but if Scottish hospitals are
anything like American ones, any tests except for
those required in dire emergencies, are only undertaken
on weekdays and it is possible Taylor didn't relish a
hospital stay over the weekend for an X-ray, especially
if he had no pain in his head, and so far the reports do
not indicate that he did).
The following excerpts were taken from the "Journal
of Transient Aerial Phenomena" with their permission:
"The ground marks (see Figure 3) were of two
types. First, there were two isolated ladder type

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 1943, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JULY, 1980
aprace
lov
young
spruce
posit100
s1s0
UPO
gentle
slope of
V round
downh11]
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN
PAGE 3
thin
"Secondly there were 40 holes surrounding the
"tracks"
, as shown in Figure 3. These holes all
exposed fresh earth and were tapered from a maximum
width of about 10cm, but at an angle as shown, The
angle was fairly shallow; about 30° to the horizontal. A
remarkable feature was the fact that the direction of
the angle of the holes was consistent and always in
line with the next hole in line. Two distinct and related
sets of holes can be detected, and it is clear that one
set of holes proceeds clock-wise, while the other
proceeds anticlock-wise, and that they are in tandem
between the "tracks". In some cases, blades of grass
surrounding the edge of a hole were sheared off."
"No grass was scorched. The marks were measured
and recorded by the local police the same day, and the
area fenced off by the Forestry Department. The
marks were photographed by Alastair Sutherland (a
friend of a member of the Forestry Department) and
by me, the following day."
deciduous
Figure 21 Plan of alte and eurrounding area
"tracks" about 2.5 m long and the same distance
apart. Each "rung" of the ladder (see Photograph 1),
seam
they would have done if subjected to a heavy weight.
The grass blades were each folded and formed to follow
the outline of a rectangular indentations."
111111111
=
Pigure 43
Datere of feat to
of trousers.
(85% of full size)
-Chole
71gure 3:
Plan of site markinge from Police measurements.
assumed poaition
as show
on Figure 2.
"Robert Taylor's clothes (including the trousers)
were taken by the police for forensic examination. Only
the trousers and his long underpants showed anything
unusual. Figure 4 and 5 show the tears on each leg of
the trousers, which are made of navy blue serge. The
right leg tear is about 65cm up from the bottom of the
leg, while the left tear is about 76cm up."
* * ******
