{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:59:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2143063, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126587-valensol-france-1965-ufo-landed-in-field-color-illustration-only-july-1-1965.pdf", "source_sha256": "ac2c0cde2d03a3941980ec72d0e0c1cbc3c1a45d7367ca539bfd963cff2b710e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2298, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"UFO'S A SECRET
GOVERNMENT
PROJECT?"
by Robert A. Stiff,
IUFOB Director
ВАє СкАнрВо
One of the most popular 'explanations' used to dis-credit the authenticity of
ufo sightings is the belief of many that the objects are, in reality, 'top-secret'
government projects and that no connection with alien life forms exists between
them.
This belief has freed many minds from pondering just what is really there
and what it may represent to our future.
On July 1st, 1965, Maurice Masse, a farmer of Valensole, France,
sighted a beetle'
shaped object resting on the ground not far from his home.
The French government
explained
the object as a new type of helicopter being developed under secret
conditions'. However, the facts of the case tend to remove the chance that the
object Masse sighted and any new helicopter the French might have been developing
were one and the same.
There is also the striking similarity between the Masse
sighting and that of Eddie Laxton on March 23, 1966 near Temple, Oklahoma, USA.
Both Laxton and Masse recieved the 'project' explanation despite the fact that
no new prototype has yet been introduced by either government since these alledged
"tests were conducted.
If we are to consider the possibility that these objects are in fact government
projects there remains many questions that must be answered. For instance, why
are tests of un-proven craft being conducted over highly populated cities,
cluding the capitol of the United States, without any precautions being taken to
protect the populace ? If the objects are 'top-secret why are they placed before
the public in such an open manner instead of being tested on the vast government-
owned test ranges of Nevada and New Mexico ? Also, does it not state somewhere
that nations are not supposed to fly craft over other countries without permission ?
Ufo sightings are reported from around the world which would mean that we, or some
other power, have test vehicles over the territorial domain of every nation in
the world.
The truth of the matter
is this: Ufos are not government projects, nor are they
top secret.
They are as much
a mystery to the various governments as they are to
persons using this 'explanation' are merely grasping at any theory that
will eliminate the chance that they might have to think.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 18, "chars": 113, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
it FF | 4 THT?! im,

a ug Fi)

7).

tors pointed a tube at the farmer which paralized h

*

VIS!

=

One of the

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1122, "chars": 6928, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
about 4 feet in height and was wearing a diving suit:
"His head was large with respect to the rest of the body,
and he had two enormous eyes. The suit was bright and
shiny like glass." The craft was surrounded by a sort of
glow. One of the witnesses approached within 20 metres
of it, but was paralysed. The craft took off throwing him
on the ground, and it rose very fast.
Case 186 (Vallee) - In Isola (near La Spezia, northern
Italy), a farmer saw a bright cigar-shaped craft land near
him and hid himself. From the machine came three
dwarfs dressed in metallic diving suits, who centered
their attention on the farmer's caged
rabbits while
speaking among themselves in an unknown tongue.
Thinking they planned to steal the animals, the farmer
slipped away, returned with his rifle, and aimed at the
dwarfs. Then two things happened: first the rifle failed,
and at the same time it became so heavy that the farmer
had to drop it. He also found that he was unable to
move or speak, while the intruders took the rabbits and
left, their craft leaving a bright trail.
The bizarre encounter in Ohio was investigated by the
Flying Saucer Investigating Committee of Akron, Ohio
(3): the witness has requested anonymith, although his
name and verbal testimony are on
finished his shift at 2:00 a.m., March 28, 1967, and was
travelling a road near Akron still wet and slick from an
early morning thunder shower. As he passed over a hill,
his attention was attracted to a red glow nearby and as
the man glanced to his left, he saw a large cone-shaped
object, about 25 to 30 yards from the roadside.
With his car window down, the witness discerned an
odor which he described as resembling "hot brass." The
UFO, hovering 2 feet above the ground, was roughly 25
feet in height with a base of about 12 feet. Suddenly,
the man noticed 4 or 5 figures scurrying back and forth
across the road in front of him. The figures were 3½ to 4
feet tall with short stocky legs, long arms and large
heads. Each was surrounded by an orange glow. The
driver applied his brakes, but the slippery road prevented
him from stopping before he collided with one of the
strange creatures. Instinctively, the man opened his door
to investigate the accident, but not knowing what he
faced with, returned to his car and left the
scratches and dents on
headlight of his car indicated the young man had struck
something but no evidence could be found at the landing
site of the object or of the impact.
To be sure, there are many differences in these
reports, but these differences could be the
result
interpretations
stimulations by the various witnesses. This is the prime
reason
scientists are
far more interested in
multi-witness sightings where they can compare and
assess events involving more than one observer. On the
other hand, by looking at some very obvious analogies in
the four cases from France, Italy, Australia
U.S.A., one must conclude
describing parallel
situations. Fanciful falsehoods simply would not reflect
such similarities even on a localized scale, and we are
dealing with a global phenomen!
Yet another
account of occupants comes from the
town of Rinkerode, Germany. A movie projectionist,
Herr Hoge,
was returning home on the evening of
October 9, 1954, when he saw what he first thought to
be an aircraft making an emergency landing. About 250
feet from the road, Hoge noticed a blue light that
emanated from a cigar-shaped object sitting on the
ground. Beneath the craft were four figures dressed in
rubber-like coveralls busily
engaged in some
sort of
work. The figures were each 4 feet tall and had large
chests and heads.
Again in France, an intensive investigation followed a
fascinating report that took place near Valensole on July
Coral and Jim Lorenzen, co-founders of the
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (4), outlined
the particulars of the case in their book Flying Saucer
Occupants (Signet, The New American Library of
Canada Ltd.,
Toronto, Ontario). Maurice Masse was
working in his lavender field early in the morning when
he heard a high-pitched whistling sound. As he rounded
a pile of stones he saw a football-shaped craft resting on
six "legs" in the field. Masse started toward the object
and suddenly noticed two beings apparently examining
one of the lavendar plants. When Masse was about 25 or
30 feet from his visitors, one of them pointed a tube at
him which immediately had the effect of paralyzing the
farmer in his tracks. Masse was still congnizant of what
was happening and later described the two individuals
who invaded his field. They were "little men",
of an eight-year-old child, dressed in coverall
garments. They had huge heads and their skin was white
smooth. The sounds
unintelligible and, according to Masse, did not originate
from their lipless mouths. Moments later, the two
re-entered their ship and sped away at a 45-degree angle.
The occupant reports from Miss Doreen Kendall, the
Cowichan District Hospital nurse, and Fred Yoos of
Olds, Alta. outlined in issue no. 7, are merely further
evidence of the UFO-ETI idea. Readers will recall Miss
Kendall had been on duty January 1, 1970, when she
saw a huge, silvery UFO through a ward window at 5:00
a.m. The bowl-like object was topped by a translucent
dome through which the nurse saw two figures clothed
in tight-fitting suits. One of the occupants seemed intent
on manipulating the controls of the craft while the other
watched Miss Kendall. After circling slowly in
an
anti-clockwise direction for a few moments, the UFO
moved away from the hospital and receded in the
distance. Mrs. Frieda Wilson, a nurse working with Miss
Kendall, arrived in time to see the object hovering near
the children's ward just prior to its departure.
Fred Yoos was performing his watchman duties July
1, 1969, when a 20-foot elliptical machine landed not 50
feet away. Through openings in the side of the strange
object, Yoos detected the movement of two figures.
Apparently the visitors noticed Yoos, too, because they
abruptly stopped their activity to take note of the
starled gentleman. As suddenly as it arrived the craft
rose swiftly into the air and vanished. Yoos later said the
green coloured UFO was about 14 to 16 feet through
the middle and roughly 10 feet deep.
We urge you to read the detailed accounts of these
sightings in Volume 1, No. 7 and then compare them
with the following reports, each of which took place
of miles away. Mrs. Eileen Moreland,
farmer's wife from Blenheim on the South Island of New
Zealand, had risen early one morning, during the latter
part of 1968, to attend to her cows. A mist hung over
the paddock as she proceeded to set about her tasks.
Unexpectedly two green lights appeared through the
Mrs. Moreland's immediately thought
observing the moon
conditions, but as the "lights" appeared to move toward
her, the woman became aware of a shape behind them.
Soon, the saucer-shaped object was only 15 feet above

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1763, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO landing in France
On July 1, 1965 Maurice Masse (local farmer of Valensole France) sighted a strange "beetle"
shaped UFO which had landed near his home. The craft had an elliptical egg shaped body, with
what appeared to be a streamlined crew compartment on the top. The outline of a door was seen
on the left side of the UFO. At least four landing gear legs were visible, with a strange center
column which extended down to the ground. Officials from the French government claimed that
the object was a new type of experimental helicopter undergoing test flights. Source: July/August
1968. This particular sighting bears a striking similarity to a case reported in Temple Oklahoma
on March 23, 1966 (confirmed by NICAP). Eddie Laxton (electronics instructor at Sheppard
AFB) was driving to work west on U.S. highway 70 at 5:05 AM when he noticed a "fish shaped"
UFO land on the road 300 feet ahead of him. The object measured approximately 75 feet long,
eight feet high, and twelve feet long. It had a clear Plexiglas bubble canopy on top, with bright
lights on both the forward and aft ends. Mr. Laxton got out of his vehicle, and walked to within
50 feet of the craft when he noticed the label/designation "TLA138" or "TLA738" written along
the side. He also saw a man wearing a "mechanics hat" and military fatigues climb a set of stairs
into the vehicle which departed with a strange "hissing" sound towards the southeast at an
estimated speed of 700 mph. Additional confirmation on this sighting came from the Hynek
UFO Report pages 208-210. The fact that no rotor blades were reported in either case rules out
conventional helicopters, and appears to lend credibility to the craft reported by author Nick
Cook in his book Hunt for Zero Point on page 3.
