{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T23:08:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2074698, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126646-mobile-al-february-3-1983-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "e03ad685750ab9f9af82ba13fb9238496553474cda57328cb953db340edf8366"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1251, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Encounter in Alabama
Illustration by Jim MacNeill
The following case is the result of a lead furnished to APRO by
of the
Phenomena Research Hot Line. The follow up investigation was completed by field investigator
Ed O. Brown. The name of the witness and some identifying names of the exact location have
been changed to protect the principle, as requested. In an effort to preserve an important part of'
our national history, this report has been reproduced in its entirety for publication in OpenMinds
magazine. (Original report published in the APRO Bulletin 1984 Vol. 32 No. 2)
Mrs. "
' 28, lives with her husband, "Carl", and three children in a suburb of
Mobile, Alabama. On the evening of February 3, 1983 she had visited a friend in Mobile and
when the friend's husband arrived from work, Mrs. Norris left and headed home on Highway 90.
She had turned off the Highway and when about a 90 minutes' ride from her home she heard an
explosion. At this point, her car began to vibrate and continued to do so, making it difficult for
her to steer. She negotiated another turn off the road she was on, brought the car to a halt, opened
the car door and leaned out and looked down to ascertain if the transmission could have been
causing the trouble.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 984, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Illustration by John MacNeill)
Object Seen
continued driving and the vibrating stopped. She executed another turn onto
another road and saw that the woods ahead were brilliantly illuminated. At first she thought that
there was a helicopter search in progress because of the lights and she was very frightened. She
again stopped the car, and at this point sighted a huge object about ½ mile west of her. She now
feels the explosion she had heard earlier was the object coming down over a clay and gravel pit
in the vicinity.
The thing was huge - later estimated to be seven to eight stories (70 to 80 feet) high and "six
telephone poles" (210 feet) wide, and appeared to be moving toward her at 4-5 miles per hour.
The evening had been clear and cool and she had driven with the car windows closed. After the
explosion, she noted a "chopping wind, a high pitched sound and a roaring sound" as well as the
vibration. She particularly noted the "whipping of the wind - like a tornado."

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 520, "chars": 2995, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fear Gone
When the object reached a point fairly close it stopped, and all of the noise stopped as well. It
was completely silent and Mrs. Norris lost all the fear she had felt before. She then got out of the
car to get a better look. She strained to take in every detail - feeling like a child with
"unbelievable happiness." Mr. Norris said that although Pat told him of her sighting after it
happened, he didn't realize how important it was to her until she started checking books out of
the local library pertaining to UFOs and "related subjects."
She estimates the time duration of the sighting as five minutes. As the craft appeared Mrs.
Norris' attention was drawn to a top deck with a long window she estimates 53 feet and through
which she viewed 20 to 30 persons, apparently oblivious of her presence, walking about as if
they were changing shift. The wall behind them was curved and white. There were no
instruments. The people did not give appearance of looking out. The beings were pale skinned,
dressed in white one piece suits. She judged them to be about our height, five feet ten inches tall,
quite slender, but with chests larger than ours. The tops of their heads were more prominent, no
hair, and having the lower half only of ears similar to our own. She noticed nothing out of the
ordinary about the eyes. What did draw her attention was the great grace of their movements.
The atmosphere seemed "sterile."
Details Observed
Below this top deck window was an opaque window. The area around it was all white. This
window was in sections, and was inset. The glass was tinted. Below the center of the craft, a door
was closing from right to left, and she looked onto a street (inside the craft) that was dark as if
made of asphalt or possible concrete. Off to the side off this street was tubular rectangular
equipment. All across the craft she saw rivets and portholes. She said she could see the portholes
"inside out" as she peered into the craft. She saw some construction that included "huge I beams
like they put ships together with and beams holding the glass in there." The bottom side was
tiered upwards. The construction reminded her of a ship or submarine. She said it seemed
possible, very likely, it could have been constructed here on Earth.
The very bottom of the craft was formed into a cross made with one foot square mirrors, and
an observation deck hung down and around the bottom with beings in it. In this case, unlike the
top deck, the people were peering out, while overhead she heard a very low pitched but clearly
audible (almost like a growl) "announcing" coming from the area of the observation deck now
closest to her.
I said she believes they didn't realize she was there until directly over
her position. As shown in the above illustrations, she saw four pipes projecting six to eight feet
out from the craft set in three or four foot square boxes. They had a hollow flange on the end like
a tank cannon and she believes "it looked like a weapon".

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 705, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The craft took a southerly turn as it went on from where she was parked. She said it was
staying in the wooded area and did not cross Highway 90 again. It was possible that it was
doubling back towards Irvington and Pascagoula. It lit up the wooded area and all beneath it as it
moved on. It had white spotlights and to the side blue and red lights that intermingled, pointing
up to the clouds and then down to Earth. She told XXX she had prayed she might have
such a sighting. She had extensive dreams both prior to and after the February 4 incident. The
late dreams contain a detailed examination and scan of her emotions. After the object was out of
sight, Pat continued on home, arriving at 1:10 A.M.
