{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T02:42:13Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4087474, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126684-montreal-canada-1967-sighting-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "ceb3c25e883d64641d9d12bff227b207389f3801ed2aa8c4a13ea205abc0dbab"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2631, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U, L
NOrth 7-9434
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (S)
251967 L
AUG
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly
issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible.
Should you need additional room,
please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.
2.
3.
7.
9.
10.
11.
12.
Place of Employment Me Gill Uriaresty
Occupation
Education Bi
Rissarch Assister l
Special Training
Military Service
- Date of Observation u
-Timell: 30 AM.
PM
Time Zone
Locality of Observation hakeshor
Montural
Eastern
How long did you see the object? approx. 2
Hours
Minutes 2 Seconds
min.
Please describe weathe conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, ote, clean nighting?
Position of the Sun or Moop in relation to the object and to you. SE
If seen at night, twilight, or down, were the stars or moon visible? Yes.
Were there more than one object? No
direction of movement, if any.
If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
Pleone peace use dina) in demif for inface, did i (ther) aper solid, or only as a poure of light, was it revolving,
band which
Was the objects) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Dim headlights
Did the objects) -
(Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
a.
b.
C.
d.
e.
f.
g.
h.
i.
Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - toy appros 10 seconds
Break up into parts or explode? No
Give off smoke?
Leave any visible trail? No
Drop anything? No.
Change brightness? Wo
Change shape? No
Change color? Wo
13.
14.
Was there any wind?
Did the bie bey ide as infront i r behind of, anything? if so, pleasa elaborate giving distance, size, etc, if posible.
Yes-
If so, plete give direction ald speed.
to desappeas behind some other trees later
15.
Did you observe the objects) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening,
What?
windshield
16. Did the objects) have any sound? No -closed car.
What kind?
How loud?
17. Please tell if the objects) was (were) -
a.
b.
C.
Fuzzy or blurred.
Like a bright star.
Sharply outlined.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1412, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Canada
August 22, 1967
AUG 25 1967 L
su
National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.
U.S.A.
Gentlemen:
I have anologed the UFO report made by Miss
I drew the sketch according to
sible the positions of car, UFO, and airport.
works as a research assistant
in the psychology department at McGill University.
She has done some work under my supervision. I
have favorably recommended her for graduate work in
psychology, and she will be enrolled for a MoSc. In
Educational Psychology at Harvard in September.
I will certainly attent to her rellability, Intelligence
and caution as an observer: she is an excellent exper-
imentalist.
Additional information, not included on the form,
is that the object at its nearest approach was seen
about one hundred and fifty feet ahead of the car
occupied by X
and her companion; she estim-
a tes its diametor as ten feet and Its height as six
feet; and that the object came towards them from across
the water, at just above oje level, rose as it crossed
the road, then manuvered as described behind the trees.
I am an assistant professor of psychology at MeGIll.
My specialty is visual perception. I know of no reason
to suggest that X
* and her companion did not
really see an object such as the one she described.
Yours trult.
a.
b.
C.
Fuzzy or blurred.
Like a bright star.
Sharply outlined.
, L
tern
and.
Yes-
ater
on.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2589, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18.
Was the object —
19.
20.
a.
Self-luminous? V
b.
Dull finish?
Reflecting?
d.
Transparent?
Did the objects) rise or fall while in motion? Both.
Tell the apparent size of the objects) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a.
b.
Pinhead
Pea
Dime
Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21.
How did you happen to notice the objecrs)? Driving beside river over which it was moving.
22.
Where were you and what were you doing at the time? In a car driving
23. How did the object diaper from view? Moved behind a dump of trees.
24. Compare the speed of the objects) with a piston or jet aireraft at the same apparent altitude. Much slower:
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
What was the elevation of the objects) in the sky?
Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position; the direction from which the objects)
appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
landmarks within a mile.
N
ARLES.
i-appeared i disappeared tires
TREES
HOUSES
30.
le there an airport, millery, poement, red installation in the ra?
Airport
31.
Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.
No
32.
Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings,
notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and
date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.
33.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state
the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please
elaborate carefully.
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report.
This action will encourage other responsible
citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note
your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential
files. Thank you for your cooperation.
You may use my name.
(V,
Please keep my name confidential.
()
Date of filling out this report:
August 14/67.
P.S. Athough I have Men several

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 167, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
De Ce Re eed

as Pa noo eee ee

2 GREEN OPAQVE DULL
1 RED ~ GRAY Body

PINK ———?
GLOW

/-——/o'

MonTIteAL , QuEeGec
Cjone il, 1%67
\l\. 30 FM.

V0 SORT

ee ee Re ee a
