{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-07T10:18:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 26308774, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304387735777604, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126716-british-columbia-canada-sighting-near-hospital-illustrations-report-and-articles-january-1-1970.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541191770000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/126716-british-columbia-canada-sighting-near-hospital-illustrations-report-and-articles-january-1-1970.pdf", "source_sha256": "a168a7ceff1e9b1324291b1ab5a96064302d085a33edb3b0f130c31aa2b9d4b1"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 908, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
A window full of surprises

Photo of Cowichan District Hospital

In the early morning hour (5:00 am), of January 1, 1970 (a nurse at Cowichan
District Hospital on Vancouver Island) noticed that one of her patients seemed restless.
Attempting to let some fresh air into the room, she walked over to the nearby window, and drew
open the curtains. As she did, et oticed a bright light no further than sixty feet away which
illuminated the surrounding area. escribed the object as being circular in shape,
approximately fifty feet in diameter, with a transparent dome on top. The bottom appeared to be
silver/metallic in color, and the craft seemed to be lit from within. Inside the craft, Mis
could clearly see the outline of two humanoid looking figures. One of the beings appeared to be
slightly taller than the other, and they both wore dark colored tight fitting material which covered
their bodies/heads.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2544, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CRAFT 'HOVERS 50 FEET' FROM COWICHAN HOSPITAL
Human-Like Pair in Saucer
By ED GOULD
The Cowichan Valley has been the scene of
half a dozen sightings of unidentified flying objects
within the last six weeks-the most remarkable of
which was reported Sunday.
Mrs.
RN, of Nanaimo
reported she saw a bright, circular object about 50
feet in diameter containing two human-like
occupants and which hovered only 40 feet away
from the Cowichan District Hospital where she
works as a nurse.
*
Mrs
a woman in her 50s who has
commuted daily the last nine years to Duncan to
work, said the two male-type figures were inside a
brightly-lit dome on the saucer-shaped craft.
She described her experience to
of Maple Bay who edits and publishes the
Canadian UFO Report, a journal of aerial
phenomena, who later verified a description of the
craft by five other witnesses in the hospital.
Only
saw the occupants.
She said she had gone into the extended-care
wing on the second storey of the hospital to
examine an elderly patient around 5 a.m. on New
Year's Day,
*
Concer
sleeping patient might be
too warm,
pulled back a curtain by
the bed and found herself looking at the glowing
• cockpit of an object, stationary in the ail opposite
the children's ward, one storey above her. It was
slightly tipped downwards towards her, 40 feet
away, and 60 feet off the ground.
At first she could only see the upper halves of
the figures inside, but, later, when the craft tilted
more, she said she got an even better look.
She said the vehicle was silvery, metallic and
had a "necklace of lights" around the middle. The
two figures inside the dome had "strikingly good-
looking physiques" and were clothed in tight-
fitting uniforms of a soft-looking material.
One stood before a glowing, chrome-colored
instrument panel while the other, either shorter or
standing in a recessed spot, stood behind him. Both
had stools to sit on, she said.
The craft gave off no sound and she soon
realized that her first impression that it was a
helicopter was incorrect.
After a few moments, the second man, sensing
he was being watched, turned to look directly at
her, Mrs, Kendall said. She said he was wearing a
darkish fabric, similar to his uniform and
headgear, which obscured his facial features.
He touched the pilot with his ungloved hand,
which was flesh-toned and human like. The pilot
pulled back, forward and then back again on a
control lever "like the joystick of an old aircraft
craft tilted sideways affording Mrs.
n exceilent view of the interior.
Continued on Page 2

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 665, "chars": 3717, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Miss
The total sight was so absorbing that at first
thoughts were lost to everything
eise, and for a moment she forgot Mrs. Wilson
was in the same room.
"Then when I did think of it, I guess I
hesitated," she explained. "I felt I mustn't
make a noise or do anything that would break
the trend of what was happeningạẠạ
At this point, almost as if her thoughts were
being read, she saw the figure in the rear turn
slowly and face squarely in her direction.
"He seemed to look right at me but I couldn't
see his face. It was covered by a darkish
material that looked softer than the rest of his
suit. I'm sure he saw me because then he
touched the other man on the backạẠạ
said that what followed, again
розетту
cause of her interest in mechanics,
made a sharper impression on her than
anything else in the entire incident.
"When the man in back did this, the one in
front reached down and took
hold of
something like a lever beside him. Ill never
forget how deliberately he did it. He pushed it
back and forth and the saucer, or whatever
you'd call it, started to circle slowly, still close
to the building, in an anticlockwise direction."
The motion seemed to break the spell for
for then she remembered Mrs.
was there and called her over.
Later we spoke separately to
who continued the story from that point.
ẠI noticed Miss
standing at the
window and wondered what she was looking at.
In fact, I was just going to see when she
beckoned to me, and then I saw this great big
light over the patio outside the children's ward.
I'd say it was quite a bit larger than a car. (By
the estimate of both witnesses, the object
spanned a width of about five windows of the
children's ward. This gave it a diameter of at
least 50 feet.) It looked circular in shape and
the far side seemed to be higher than the side
near us. It was moving around slowly and then
it started to move away. I didn't really see any
top or bottom to it. It was all just tremendously
bright. Some people say we were looking at a
plastic bag with candles in it, put there as a
joke. But it would take a million candles to
make it as bright as that."
did not see the "necklace" of
lights described by
nor could
she see inside the object and consequently saw
no human-like figures. Since this appeared to
be a serious difference in the two reports, we
asked
in a second interview how
she might account for it.
"I think
must have come just a
bit too late,
she said.
After the thing circled
four or five times, it started going away, farther
along by the roof of the children's ward, and I
couldn't see inside it eitheri
Not being precisely sure how close the object
was when
first observed it, Mrs.
could not say whether or not this did
explain her failure to see the occupants. But
the fact that she came to the window in time to
see the craft circling, and then saw it move.
away, suggests the explanation of distance does
not quite fill the bill. So without intending to
add anything to the narrative that the witnesses
themselves did not observe, we offer another
possible explanation merely for the sake of
conjecture.
It has been noticed in UFO sightings that the
object when stationary gives out less light than
when in motion. This rule, of course, is not
invariable. UFOs emanating no light at all have
been seen moving at high speed, while others
glowing brightly have been seen to hover and
even to land.
But the increase of light with motion does
appear to be a general characteristic, and it is
one that may have prevented Mrs.
seeing the interior of the craft outside the
hospital. All of Miss Kendall's observations in
detail were made before the craft started to
move. After that she, like
was
conscious only of the light and motion of the

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1691, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
... SAUCER
Continued from Page 1
she sald the dome appeared
to be lit from below rather
the
object
circle
a
Later that same day a UFO
was sighted by members of
the Drummond family at Mill
Mrs. Bea Drummond
said she spotted a bright
orange and yellow object in
the sky about 7 p.m.
It was also seen by her son
Jim and his wife Dianna who
were aboard
a tugboat
anchored nearby. Drummond
watched the object through a
telescope and counted four
distinet
lights
that looked
"like the tips of candles only
biggeriẠi
He was unable to estimate
its size but said it was below
cloud level at about 900 feet.
In December, a Duncan
minutes.
Two Lady-
smith men sat in their car
and watched an object fly by
at four miles a minute. The
same object was spotted by a
Ladysmith furniture store
owner and his wife.
Magor, a professional skep-
et
tic and longtime newspaper-
man whose journal sells
throughout
the
world,
has
never seen an object that he
himself could not identify.
He admitted Sunday, how-
ever, that he was excited over
the report of the human-like
figures in a space craft as
described by Mrs. Kendall.
.26-MONTH CYCLE
He noted that the flurry of
Cowichan V a 11e y sightings
corresponded
in
frequency
with reports in the Cariboo
which began and ended in a 26-
month cycle. He believes a
ew 26-month cycle has begur
ere andỗẠwe may be in for
4 pete is compsing a survey to
see if there is definite evi-
dence of a cross-Canada pat-
tern for the next issue of his
nagazine
lthough Drummond said he
felt the
"hair on my head
stand on end" when the UFO
seemed to circle his boat,
Mrs. Kendall said she felt no
panic at all. ¿ẠỌI would have
one aboard for a ride if the
ad asked me, she sal
..

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 725, "chars": 4222, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Occupants
Seen Near Hospital
Miss
a practical nurse, and
Mrs. Frieda Wilson, a registered nurse, are
employed together on the night shift in the
extended-care ward for elderly patients at the
Cowichan District Hospital at Duncan on
Vancouver Island.
Theirs is a position that requires a special
degree of tact, maturity and gentleness of
manner for it is at night that their patients,
often unable to sleep, have long lonely hours in
which to contemplate the little that remains for
them in life. A word or gesture of comfort from
the nurses on duty is all they have in their
fading world until the routine of morning
helps them into another day.
It is immediately apparent on meeting them
that
and
both in late
middle-age, were assigned to their particular
work with these qualifications in mind. In
addition to what training obviously has given
them, they have an inborn quality that invites
trust, and it was no surprise, after we in-
terviewed them, that friends and former
patients of each told us they would accept their
word under any circumstance. Coming from
several who had doubted the existence of
UFOs, this was a significant tribute in light of
what the two nurses (with partial confirmation
by two others who arrived seconds later) said
they observed outside the hospital just as 1970
was dawning on the Pacific Coast.
It was turning five in the morning of Jan. 1
when
concerned that one of her
women panents was restless, switched on a
light to attend to her. Deciding the patient was
too warm, she went to a window near the bed
and parted the drapes to let in a little fresh air.
"Just as I pulled the drapes a brilliant light
hit me in the eyes," she said. 'It was still dark
outside, but about 60 feet away right above the
children's ward, there was this object so big
and bright I could see everything clearlyạẠại
Immediately to the left of where Miss
was standing, a wing of the hospital
juts out at right angles. The children's ward is
on the third floor of that wing. With Miss
on the second floor of her wing, this
meant the object was hovering above her by
slightly more than the height of one storey and
a little to her left.)
"The object was circular and had what I
guess you would call a top and bottom. The
bottom was silvery, like metal, and was shaped
like a bowl. There was a string of bright lights
around it like a necklace. The top was a dome
made of something like glass. It was lit up from
inside and I could see right into itiẠại
Continuing her account in question-and-
said there were two
male-like figures in the craft, one behind the
other, facing to her right away from the
hospital. The one in front appeared taller, or
perhaps was positioned higher, than the other.
Their heads were encased in close-fitting dark
material.
As she watched with intense curiosity, yet
completely unfrightened - "I never felt so
peaceful in all my life. I wish I could have
talked to themằi - she became aware of seeing
more of the interior of the craft and realized it
was tilting. In a moment she could see to a
point just below their knees and noticed they
were standing in front of what looked like
stools.
"They looked like fine, tall, well-built men,"
she said. "They were dressed in tight-fitting
suits of the same material that covered their
heads but their hands were bare and I noticed
how human they looked. Their flesh seemed
just like oursạẠạ
Intrigued as she was by the appearance of
the two figures,
terest mainly centred on what looked like an
instrument panel facing the one in front. One
reason for this, she thought, was that she comes
from a family of racing-car enthusiasts and
automotive mechanics have always held a
special interest for her.
"The man in front was staring at the panel as
if something very important was going on, and
I wondered if they might have had mechanical
trouble," she said. "I even thought they might
have landed on the roof of the hospital and
then had trouble taking off.
She described the panel as a very large one,
taking up almost half the interior of the object
and reaching nearly to the top of the dome. The
instruments, if that is what they were, seemed
to be inset in the chrome-like metal of the
panel and there was a variety of sizes.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2317, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
craft. In other words, by the time
reached the window the brightness of the
object may have increased to an extent that all
details were obscured. It would have been like
staring at the headlights of a car. All one could
have said about the car itself was that its lights
were bright.
This in turn may account for the fact that,
unlike
Mrs.
felt only
alarm when she looked at the object. Some
maintain that at times through some kind of
chemistry UFOs are able to exert a calming
influence. But in this case it appears to have
been the peaceful manner of the two occupants
that dispelled any fear Miss Kendall might
have felt.
At this point two other nurses on the floor,
and Mrs
hearing the
excited comments of the first two, rushed to
another window of the ward but could only see
what they agreed was a bright light" receding
in the distance. Seconds later two other nurses
also looked out a window but saw nothing.
Apparently by that time the object had moved
behind trees that border the hospital.
A significant factor of this sighting is that
none of the witnesses made any effort to
publicize it, yet at the same time made no
pretence of being secretive. Knowing of our
interest in the subject, another nurse at the
hospital who is a friend of ours phoned us a
little later the same morning and it was through
this connection that we arranged the interview
which was later reported in the Victoria press.
Immediately the story appeared, the two
witnesses, like ourselves, started to receive
phone calls by persons who were legitimately
and intelligently interested and by others who
professed to have exclusive private in-
formation about the incident. It was here that
we acquired information of our own about
people who, for some reason that escapes us.
want to establish that they have the inside
dope. We heard about half a dozen different
versions of the incident being a put-up job. We
were told by some it was a bunch of school kids
having fun and by others it was a bunch of
drunks. In two or three cases names were even
mentioned but in no case did the names agree,
and in no case did our callers explain how so
As nurses watched from window out of sight on left
UFO with two occupants was seen outside children's
ward on top storey of this hospital wing. It spanned five
windows, starting from left.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 2634, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
much rowdyism was going on at the hospital
grounds without the police being called.
Also none of our callers mentioned another
extraordinary sighting that occurred at
Duncan within seconds of the hospital in-
cident, obviously because this one was not
reported in the press and therefore offered no
one a chance to give us "exclusive" in-
formation about it.
But the authenticity of the incident is un-
deniable because it was reported to authorities
before the hospital case had received any
publicity whatever.
In other words, completely unknown to each
other, two sets of witnesses were observing a
UFO in the vicinity of Duncan early that New
Year's morning.
The second set of witnesses was a truck-
driver and his wife whose names and report,
like the nursesằ_ are officially on record.
Although admitting he had a few drinks, the
husband said the experience made him feel
cold sober and he was sufficiently affected by
it to make his report though it meant disclosing
his condition while driving.
The man said he and his wife had just
returned home from a party about five o'clock
that morning when their attention was attracted
by a huge white light "as big as a house?
hovering low over their place. The witness
described the light as somewhat oval or rec-
tangular in shape (it will be noted the UFO at
the hospital was circular but, if seen at an angle
by these other two witnesses, it might have
appeared oval) and said that three or four
shafts of light extended down at an angle
beneath it, converging to form a single shaft.
This gave the object the appearance of a top. As
they watched in amazement for a few seconds,
the light suddenly shot up and either blinked
out or disappeared in the distance at an in-
credible speed.
"I may have had a few drinks," the man said,
"but I know perfectly well that had nothing to
do with what I saw, and my wife saw it, too."
Back at the hospital Miss Kendall, deciding
to put her experience on record, made this
entry in the hospital working schedule:
"At 5 a.m. I saw a flying saucer as low as the
third floor of the hospital when I pulled the
curtains. There were two men or figures in the
dome flying towards Victoria. (Miss Kendall,
who admits having an uncertain sense of
.. When !
(opposite) parted drapes she saw
brightly lit object containing two human-appearing
Yet strangely it was
who was
any way.
nesses could see it several miles
observers in this case were Mr. and
ad friends who were having dinner at
the Deer Lodge restaurant just off the Island
highway south of Mill Bay. To them the object
males. Apparently knowing they were observed, one
touched other on back.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 616, "chars": 3487, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
seemed to be over the Saanich Peninsula, about
10 miles to the east, and was headed in a
northeasterly direction.
"All we could see was a large ball of light
moving quite slowly, much slower than an
airplane,
aid. "It must have been very
bright for us to see it from that distance. I don't
think a helicopter would have been that
brightiẠạẠ
Any thought that the object might have been
a helicopter was removed by the comments of
two other sets of witnesses who saw the light, or
another of the same general description, much
closer at hand.
One of these groups was Judge
is wife and three dinner guests who,
at abour 7 p.m. that New Year's Day, saw a huge
orange-colored light passing slowly along the
home at Mill
Bay. Reconstruction of the scene placed the
distance of the light at about half a mile. Since
the object, travelling south at the time, was
staying close to shore, it appears the Halletts'
sighting preceded that of the Gillams who saw
the light, if it was the same, moving off in the
distance.
"This was no ordinary aircraft, and it was no
plastic-bag trick eitheriại
said.ẠồIt
was making no sound that we could detect, it
was moving very slowly and it was enormous.
I'm quite sure no one could play a trick with
Judge & Mrs. George Hallett
such a large apparatus without being spotted.
We watched it for about five minutes until it
seemed to disappear into the cloudsiẠạ
Then right on the waterfront we talked to the
Drummond family who for once and all
eliminated any idea the incident was a prank or
a normal flying occurrence.
Their startling experience occurred while
Jim Drummond, a shipwright, and his wife,
Dianna, aboard the tugboat which they have
converted into a comfortable home, were
making a New Year's visit to Jim's mother who
has a house immediately overlooking the shore
at Mill Bay. It was she who had the first hint of
what was to happen.
"It was about seven o'clock and Jim and
Dianna were still on the boat, anchored close
to shere whe said The de to ted a in it to
the sky moving over the bay. I couldn't tell how
big it was, it was so bright, and it had a yellow-
orangey glow like sunlight.
"I got so excited I yelled to my son to look. I
ran out to the other side of my house but I
couldn't see over the trees. I tried to phone
some of the neighbors but I couldn't get
through on the party line."
But on deck Jim had received the message.
"I looked up and saw this light coming in
from the north, just about in line with our boat.
It was skimming right under the overcast
which was about 900 feet. I ran into the cabin
and grabbed my telescope and camera, and my
wife came out with me to look. We were really
excitedẠạẠi
Guessing that on film the object would
merely look like a blob against a black
background, Jim did not bother with the
camera but studied the thing carefully through
his telescope.
"It was sort of egg-shaped, in a vertical
position, but the top and bottom were in-
distinct, he said. "It seemed to be transparent
on top, and inside it I thought I could see a set
of lights but I couldn't really make out any
detailsiẠạỊ
To make it easier for her son to bring his
wife and little boy ashore, Mrs. Drummond had
switched on a flood light on the porch of her
house. Whether this had anything to do with
what followed is impossible to say, but for
some reason the object dropped about 300 feet
as it passed between the house and the tugboat.
It was almost as if it was curious about the
strong light shining from the dark shore.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1584, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mrs.
Then something happened that on Jim made
the sharpest impression of all.
"Just at that point something came out of
Seen in front of tugboat
which they have converted
into
comfortable home, Jim
and
were
treated to spectacular New
Year's display when
giant
UFO flew close to vessel. Jim's
mother, whom they
were-
visiting, was first to sight
object.
that thing which by then had slowed down
almost to a stop, he said. It was a ray of light
like a very thin neon tube, and it was in pieces,
something like the dots and dashes of morse
code. It came down in a curve and then it
flashed right out, all of it at the same time. My
hair just stood up on end. I couldn't imagine
anything like it."
After this weird performance the object
climbed back to its former height and passed
out of sight to the south. It was at this stage that
the
might have seen it, their house
being in that direction. Significantly the wind
was blowing from the southwest at the time. If
the object had been a balloon this would have
driven it in the opposite direction.
Like other people in the Maple Bay area near
Duncan where he normally keeps his boat, Jim
Drummond a few days later had another
sighting. But this time it was obviously some
part of a game that pranksters had started to
play, perhaps stimulated by the UFO publicity
which by then had swarmed into the local
press.
"The second one wasn't the same thing at
all," he said. "You could see it was a kids' job,
not a fraction as bright, and it was just bobbing
around without really going anywhereại
The rash of reports that cropped up for the

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 412, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
noticed that
the craft was slightly tilted, which allowed her to determine that the beings were standing near
what looked like stools within the interior of the craft. She also noticed that there was a chrome-
shoulder of the one in front, who proceeded to reach down and pull something that looked like a
lever or handle. As soon as he did, the craft began to rotate in a counter-clockwise direction, and
1970)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 23, "chars": 126, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
REE wir M;,

roe a tee PN

ye
ae vet 4",

ao: me “Inga, —
Se A ra —-° t
2 ~~ ca salt 2. eg?
*

at A at veh ow
so ee #

Seger

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 776, "chars": 4583, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the same date as the APRO Bulletin (Sept.-Oct.
1971) there is an account of an incident in Finland
that occurred April 4, 1971, just five months before
the Brazilian episode.
In the Finnish instance a young woodsman, Petter
Aliranta, in company with another who at first
did not see what was happening, watched a saucer-
and a small being emerge from it in a gliding
manner.
The FSR report, written by Tapani Kuningas,
Helsinki, and translated by Elis W. Grahn, continued:
"After this, the being started approaching Aliranta.
Its movements were very stiff and the steps short.
The being looked like a space-man or robot, and
was less than 1 metre tall, perhaps 90 cms. The
body was covered with a one-piece suit of a green
colour. The head had the same cover, and in the
middle of it was a sort of lens facing forwards.
The hands were round at the tips and no fingers
could be seen. The 'boots' at the feet were a uni-
form part of the dress, and green as well.
"The humanoid seemed to move in a strange way
on top of the snow surface; it did not go down into
the deep snow as one would have expected...
Within the saucer,
entities were now
visible... and through one (window) on the right
like, although no features or details could be seen."
Outside, the figure approaching Aliranta suddenly
reversed direction and started back toward the
saucer. This encouraged the youth to make a grab
for it, whereupon the figure simply rose in the
air and reentered the saucer, which then flew off.
Without splitting hairs over blue or green uni-
forms and a slight difference in height (in both
incidents the figures were no more than three
feet tall), the similarities in these two cases are
unmistakable. Some sort of levitating force was
involved in each case, the uniforms were of the
case the headpiece closely resembles a "Roman
helmet"), the figures' movement were stiff and
mechanical (in the FSR drawing the arms are
stretched out at right angles, exactly as described
in the Brazilian case), and hands were either finger-
less or transparent. Although it is not clear what
total number of occupants was involved in each
instance, there is mention of a group of three in
both cases.
With matching details like these, we cannot over-
look this stiff little figure with outstretched arms
as another likely member of the UFO fraternity.
EXAMPLE FOUR
In contrast to the elfin types and the robot
types who are distinctly strange to us are those
ufoccupants who, for better or worse, seem very
much like ourselves.
One case involving such beings that we came to
know particularly well occurred New Year's morn-
ing, 1970, outside the Cowichan District Hospital
on Vancouver Island (vol. 1, no. 7). Readers may
recall how Miss Doreen Kendall, a nurse in the
elderly patients' ward, saw a strange bright light
as she was opening the curtains of a window.
Looking out, she saw a luminous circular object
in mid-air with two human-like figures sitting in-
side under a transparent dome. As she watched,
the object tilted so she could see most of the in-
terior and was able to study an instrument panel
facing the occupants.
In light of the matching case that follows, this
quote from our report becomes especially sign-
ificant:
"At this point, almost as if her thoughts were
being read, she saw the figure in the rear (they
were seated one behind the other) turn slowly and
face squarely in her direction.
"He seemed to look right at me but I couldn't
see his face. It was covered by a darkish mat-
erial •
. I'm sure he saw me because then he
touched the other man on the back.'
"Miss Kendall said that what followed, possibly
because
of her interest in mechanics, made a
sharper impression on her than anything else in
the entire incident.
"When the man in back did this, the one in
front reached down and took hold of something like
a lever beside him. I'll never forget how deliberately
he did it. He pushed it back and forth and the saucer,
or whatever you'd call it, started
to circle
As other nurses came to the window, the object
moved away and disappeared.
Now, for
a striking example of similarity in
occupants' behavior, let's look at a case reported
in Phenomenes Spatiaux. While this fine publica-
tion is on our exchange list, so that in the normal
course of events we would have read the article
anyway, its director, Rene Fouere, kindly made a
special note of the page for us because he too
was impressed by the matching details.
The article is reprinted in French from the
Argentinian journal La Voz del Pueblo, with com-
ments by ufologist Christian Vogt, and concerns an

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 46, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Two ufoccupants seemed to know I
as watching.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 773, "chars": 4705, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(coincidentally close to New Year's!) 1972, in the
town of Tres Arroyos near Buenos Aires. There
were two reported witnesses: a domestic servant,
Ventura Maceiras, 73, and his nephew. However, the
boy fled as soon as the object appeared and he did
not join in the testimony.
According to Maceiras, he was close to the muni-
cipal park when he heard a loud humming and,
looking up, saw a large, illuminated circular ob-
ject apparently touching the tops of the eucalyptus
trees about 50 feet in height. (See illustration in
Letters section). It had a rotating ring around
the bottom which was giving off sparks, and tubes
underneath also throwing, sparks. Through the
struments and a blue curtain with yellow designs.
(Note this description of the UFO does not tally
closely with that of the Cowichan hospital inci-
dent where the interior was visible through a trans-
parent dome. But was there a folding canopy to
explain that major difference?)
Now for the witness' key words:
"All at once as I was shouting and waving, the
'saucer' began to tip and I could see it held two
persons dressed as if in diving suits. There was
backs (not mentioned at Cowichan). I saw them for
just an instant, a minute or maybe less, but the
light all around - it was like the middle of day -
enabled me to see everything. There was a smell
of sulphur or arsenic in the air. The 'saucer'
hovered there for a while and the two inside
were watching me and gave me the impression of
communicating with each other and wanting me to
have a good look at them and their machine which,
moment, moved off very slowly toward the
The similarity of this performance to what Miss
Kendall observed thousands miles farther north and
three years earlier is so striking there can be
little doubt the same species of visitors was in-
volved in both cases. Moreover they are visitors
judge from their apparent instinctive understanding
of the witness' curiosity, in mental process as
As Rene Fouere so capably expresses it:
"To explain the reaction of the pilots, a tele-
pathic phenomenon must be involved, as the occu-
pants of the machine observed the witness and could
understand, as
if they knew how to interpret
human behavior, that the witness wished to have a
better look at them and their craft. This condi-
tion which enables them to understand the signi-
ficance of our gestures, would lead us to believe
that the occupants were biologically and psycho-
logically and psychologically akin to ourselves."
Little Men
In Sweden
Thanks to a translation by Mrs. Elin Graeper of
Errington, B.C., we hove the following account OJ
"little men in green" reprinted in part from
UFO INFORMATION published in Motol, Sweden.
(We are indebted also to Christa Franke of Ed-
monton, Alberta, for keeping us advised of this
publication.) While the story might be dismissedas
just another leprechaun-type fantasy, note the re-
ference to a chemical smell, a blue-violet lightand
a surrounding mistiness. These are all mentioned
occasionally in modern UFO reports. It is thought
ufoccupants may have a chemical process, some-
times smelling like sulphur or iodine, to enable
them to breathe our air.
Late one night, just after the New Year 1931 the
farm-worker Helge Erickson, now about 65 years
of age, went home to his place of work after a visit
with a friend on a neighboring farm.
He wasn't far from home when he saw 10-12 very
small men (about three feet tall) coming toward
him. They talked among themselves very loudly
in a strange language and, although they seemed
nearly to float, it sounded as if a whole army was
walking through the snow.
Although he had the feeling they observed him,
close as he was to them, they didn't pay him any
attention. They were about 50 metres away when he
first saw them in the clear moonlit night. The
little men all had beards and were wearing a kind
of dark green uniform, and their heads seemed
abnormally large in contrast to their bodies. There
was a strong kind of chemical smell when they
passed by. The snow was extremely hard (perhaps
that is why there were no tracks) as they went
in goose formation towards a blue-violet light that
was surrounded by a misty cloud.
He heard a strange whining sound, then the light
with the little men disappeared.
In contrast to this Swedish account of little men
reportedly seen more than 40 years ago was an
item in the Swedish newspaper Aftonbldet, also
translated for us by Mrs. Graeper. Headed "Did
• people from Mars celebrate New Year's Eve (1972)
over Scandinavia?ại the item said:
The captain of a jet aircraft filled with
vacationers was coming in for a landing over
Bergen, Norway,
when suddenly through the
cockpit window he saw seven glaring white
9
