{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-14T18:34:44Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7108958, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126702-santa-clarita-valley-ca-summer-1978-color-illustration.pdf", "source_sha256": "44c9e1a928adf3daf82b3a0642afd05bf4668c666dc4261ffdb0c5998c971407"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 471, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EYES ONLY
SWIMMING POOL UFO
(SUMMER 1978 SANTA CLARITA VALLEY CA)
* NO VISIBLE MARKINGS OR INSIGNIAS
* NO VISIBLE SEAMS OR RIVETS
* OBJECT WOBBLED SLIGHTLY
* CRAFT EXHIBITED NO NOISE
* UFO FLEW OVER POOL AT AN
ALTITUDE OF 50-75 FEET
8' X 4'
FORWARD
WINDOW
HIGHLY-
REFLECTIVE
FINISH
RECTAGULAR
SECTION X2
CONCAVE
AREA
- 18 FEET
FULLY INTEGRATED
LIGHTS LOCATED
ALONG LEADING EDGE
2 FOOT DIA.
PORT-HOLES
(10 TOTAL)
15 FEET
- 50 FEET -
"S" SHAPED ELECTRICAL
DISCHARGE PROBE?

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1312, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Oct 31 10 03:34a
1wj1RS
760-941-5696
P. 1
1/21/11 12:59 PM
Attention: Mr. Michael Schratt, for the sole purpose of Openminds.tv
Subject: Sketches
Dear Michael,
It was very interesting for me to hear your questions because each one triggered a
more vivid recollection. My wife and I always wished to be hypnotized for even
better recall of details, time involved, reactions, sequence of etc, your questions
came close to it. After you and I spoke I discussed my descriptions with my Gloria,
my wife, and she agreed with what I told you. She also had the opportunity to view
and agree to sketches.
I could not find a pencil in the house so I could not make the proper dimensional
relations or angles. I think from your questions and answers I provided you can
mentally imagine the craft and specifications. Perhaps you can do a better sketch.
The reason 1 approached Openminds.tv is that very few internet sites present the
subject as serious as your site and because our sighting seems to be much close than
the many who state they saw lights at a distance. Our desire is to get the close-
minded public to "open their minds."
If you need to communicate with me call
hy cell phone is
Please send me what you plan to publish in hard or digital format for my review and
approval prior to doing so. Thanks.
Regards,

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1416, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO hovers over home in Santa Clarita Valley, CA
28 Jan. 2011
Note: This UFO sighting is being reproduced exactly as it was reported by the primary eyewitness who sent this
sighting to Open Minds via email. Source:
X
Illustration of UFO by Michael Schratt
My wife and I had a very close up experience while living in Santa Clarita Valley. This occurred in 1978 but the
memory lives in our minds as it were last night. We feel highly appreciative for the experience and are not afraid to
openly discuss it without any intentions of financial gain. You may publish this account and we would be most willing
to discuss it in public.
It was the summer of 1978. Santa Clarita Valley is located north of the San Fernando Valley and north of Los
Angeles. Santa Clarita was a small and laid-back community mostly referred to as Valencia. We recently relocated
back from a two-year international management assignment followed by a two-year management assignment in
Arizona. We then were transferred to California and chose Santa Clarita because of the open spacious country living,
low crime statistics, no smog, and nice neighborhoods. I purchased a two-story corner house with a swimming pool.
One Friday evening, I was using a long pole with an attached brush designed to sweep the walls of the pool. Our
children would probably swim early the following morning and I wanted the pool to be clean. As I reached upwards on

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 363, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MULTI COLORED
LIGHT VISIBLE
BUT NO CONTROGS
OR BEINGS
WINDOW ANGLED
FORWARO (1)
APPROXIMATELY
3F1 IN HQ6H1
5 FRETT IN
LENGTH
TWO RECTANGULAR
OBJECTS CENTERED
WITHIN CONCAVE
BOTTOM
Tud
SKILIKE
DEVICES
• SHAPED
LIHE EL (S SIDEWAYS)
WITH MORE DETAILS
Oct
31
10
03:34a
1wj1RS
CONCAVE CENTERED
BOTTOM OF CRAFT
EQUAL DISTANCES IN
RELATION TO DIAMETER
760-941-5696
p. 3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 310, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
p. 2
SIDE VIEW PROUECTION
BASED ON PARTIAL VIEWS
FROM UNDERSIDE OF CRAFT
760-941-5696
IN
CENTER
OF CRAFT
4-5 WINDoWs
1w j1RS
LIGHTS VISIBLE
ON APPROACH
BUT NO VISIBLE
LIGHTING HARWARE
SEEN WHEN CLOSE
Oct
31
10
03: 34a
ENTIRE CRAFT
LUMINOUS AS IF L1G47
CAME FROM WITHIN SHIN.
NO RIVERS- MADE IN ONE SOLID PIECE

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 589, "chars": 3458, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the pole to push downwards I saw a craft approaching. The craft was at a distance equivalent one or two short blocks
away and not flying parallel to streets but at an angle on a southeastern direction. It was immediately obvious to me
that the craft was not a helicopter nor airplane since these would not normally fly that low and the physical
characteristics did not match these. At that distance the craft seemed wider, with luminous lights in the circumference
area of the frontal section (referred to as leading edge). I stared at it for a brief perplexed moment. After realizing that
it was something out of the ordinary, I ran down the steps from the poolside deck platform where I had been standing.
The platform was about four to five feet higher than the pool water and the opposite surrounding pool deck area. It
was about 15 fast running steps from there to the backyard entry to the family room. My wife and two children were
watching television there. I yelled for them to come outside and see, but only my wife Gloria came out. We both
walked fast towards the side of the pool opposite the platform side where I had been standing. By that time the craft
was right over our pool area at an altitude of no more than 50-75 feet and perhaps even less.
The craft had come to a stop in proximity to our pool area as we stood bellow it. The craft made no sound
whatsoever. It wobbled slightly as if it were moved by the wind, but there was no noticeable wind at that moment. The
craft leaned forward and downwards and then we saw a large forward angled window, located bellow the leading
edge that was perhaps 8 feet in length and 3-4 feet in height. We could see an orange bluish gloy from inside but no
occupants or controls. As the craft leaned forward I could see light emanating from its upper section and not from the
pool lights reflection since the pool lights would be unable to reflect on the upper section. The craft seemed to be
manufactured as one solid piece. There were no visible seams or rivets. The bottom of the craft was concave towards
the center. In the deepest section of the concave center two rectangular objects were visible, which ran the length of
the deep concaved section and seemed to be a few feet apart from each other. The craft had an upper dome with
porthole like windows but no internal visibility. The upper dome was round and centered in relation to the lower part of
the craft with no visible seams. The total height of the craft appeared to be the equivalent of a one and half story
typical track residence or less. I calculated the height by comparing it to our two-story house. The diameter was
approximately 50-75 feet or less. There were no visible markings, insignias or identification on the craft.
Under the front leading edge of the circular craft was some ski like devices with two side-by-side configurations. The
design | cannot replicate even though I always scored high in I.Q, tests where design progressions (similar to
mathematical progressions) had to be decided from multiple drawing choices. I also remember thinking they were too
far forward from the crafts center of gravity something we studied in Group Propulsion in relation to the length and
loading of aircraft. The ski-like devices were similar to the letter "S" with the top of the S facing forward but with more
elaborate details filling the gaps. At the time my conclusion was they were some type of hanging or anchoring device.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2367, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(EYES ONLY
SWIMMING POOL UFO
(SUMMER 1978 SANTA CLARITA VALLEY CA)
*NO VISIBLE MARKINGS OR INSANIAS
* NO VISIBLE SEAMS OR RIVETS
•OBJECT WOBBLED SLIGHTLY
*CRAFT EXHIBITED NO NOISE
* UFO FLEW OVER POOL AT AN
ALTITUDE OF 50-75 FEET
RECTAGULAR
-FULLY INTEGRATED
- 18 FEET
15 FEET
S SHAPED ELECTRICA
ASCHARGE PROBI
Diagram of UFO description by Michael Schratt (click image to enlarge)
During the entire experience lasting some 45 seconds or a bit longer, my wife kept repeating "Oh my God!" over and
over again. I tried to concentrate on details and in my mind kept repeating "take me with you." We were both frozen in
awe and disbelief. It was like seeing a large bus that I previously described as a Greyhound bus floating over your
house. Both of us looked upwards and did not speak to each other during the sighting. There was no fear, an
unprompted paralysis, and a high respect to what we were seeing. We both had the sensation of being watched
primarily because the craft maneuvered downwards at an angle towards us, and then regained a level position
parallel to the ground. As a part of my analysis during the experience I listened for other engines, other craft, or the
possibility that this craft was being suspended from another craft as a hoax but concluded there were no other man-
made craft in the vicinity. The craft then began to move at a very slow speed of around 20 miles per hour. I jumped
on a wall that surrounded our backyard so that I could see the trajectory. I saw it between houses as it continued at
that speed for at least 7 miles from our house, and heading in a southeast direction from Santa Clarita over a
mountainous section of eastward Los Angeles County. I instructed my wife not to discuss it but to try to draw what
she saw and then we would compare drawings. My drawings had more details. Then we began comparing the
experience and both had seen the very same details.
My conclusion is that the craft wanted us to observe it or perhaps was examining us. I am 100% sure this was not a
man-made craft or technology. I am also convinced by the event that U.S. Government intelligence agencies know
we are being visited by extra-terrestrials and are hiding facts. To me, the only rationale reason is because they lied
once about their existence (perhaps Roswell and others) and the complex structured secretive system is not able to

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2404, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
reverse course, or that disclosure may cause the loss of statutory governmental powers as citizens realize that
borders, religions and global federal governments are meaningless and helpless. My conclusion leads me to think
that the visitors do not wish to work with a single government as they are roaming global skies making their presence
known. There were lingering questions in my mind after the sighting. Since the craft must originate from an advanced
civilization why do they need windows? My technical assumption is that an advanced civilization would have cameras
on the exterior which are able to duplicate exactly what is visible outside of the craft. Why were we allowed to see the
interior through the large window but not the occupants? After reporting the experience to the local Sheriff, he said
they had no additional reports. Years later after writing the experience on the internet, someone who claimed he was
with NASA automated airport sciences called me and said that his call was unofficial.
The only somewhat related experience was during a father daughter overnight camping event. The event was prior to
our sighting experience. Several of my neighbors were FBI agents. During the outing two of the agents who had
daughters were standing close to each other looking at the visible stars. One of them whispered to the other that he
heard that strange crafts were often visible in the area. I was standing a few feet away from them and could hear
them. During my earlier education, I graduated and was certified in Group Propulsion Systems and had a choice to
either continue studies as a Flight Engineer or Aeronautical Engineering. I selected Aeronautical Engineering and
attended Northrop Institute of Technology. In Group Propulsion Systems we became highly familiar with aircraft,
mechanical and electrical systems and all flight disciplines, flight and design configurations and propulsion sciences. I
am still more familiar with aircraft functions than an automobile. After two years of study I switched to business
management at another university, was an early participant in IT as a systems analyst followed by executive positions
in the computer and software industry eventually forming my own international management consulting and
international business services integration organization. I am now an active portfolio investor and international
business but retired

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 424, "chars": 2564, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Michael,
A few grammatical corrections and issues that upon you asking questions became
more visible from my memories.
Subject: Very close view of UFO
My wife and I had a very close up experience while living in Santa Clarita Valley.
This occurred in 1978 but the memory lives in our minds as it were last night. We
feel highly appreciative for the experience and are not afraid to openly discuss it
without any intentions of financial gain. You may publish this account and we would
be most willing to discuss it in public.
It was the summer of 1978. Santa Clarita Valley is located north of the San Fernando
Valley and north of Los Angeles. Santa Clarita was a small and laid-back community
mostly referred to as Valencia. We recently relocated back from a two-year
international management assignment followed by a two-year management
assignment in Arizona. We then were transferred to California and chose Santa
Clarita because of the open spacious country living, low crime statistics, no smog,
and nice neighborhoods. I purchased a two-story corner house with a swimming
pool.
One Friday evening, I was using a long pole with an attached brush designed to
sweep the walls of the pool. Our children would probably swim early the following
morning and I wanted the pool to be clean.
As I reached upwards on the pole to push downwards I saw a craft approaching. The
craft was at a distance equivalent one or two short blocks away and not flying
parallel to streets but at an angle on a southeastern direction. It was immediately
obvious to me that the craft was not a helicopter nor airplane since these would not
normally fly that low and the physical characteristics did not match these. At that
distance the craft seemed wider, luminous with lights in circumference to the
frontal section (referred to as leading edge). I stared at it for a brief perplexed
moment.
After realizing that it was something out of the ordinary, I ran down the steps from
the poolside deck platform where I had been standing. The platform was about four
to five feet higher than the pool water and the opposite surrounding pool deck area.
It was about 15 fast running steps from there to the backyard entry to the family
room. My wife and two children were watching television there.
I yelled for them to come outside and see but only my wife Gloria came out. We both
walked fast towards the side of the pool opposite the platform side where I had
been standing. By that time the craft was right over our pool area at an altitude of no
more than 50-75 feet and perhaps even less.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 513, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The craft had come to a stop in proximity to our pool area as we stood bellow it. The
craft made no sound whatsoever. It wobbled slightly as it were moved by the wind
but there was no noticeable wind at that moment. The craft leaned forward and
downwards and then we saw a large forward angled window, located bellow the
leading edge that was perhaps 8 feet in length and 3-4 feet in height. We could see
an orange bluish glow from inside but no occupants or controls.
As the craft leaned forward I could see light emanating from its upper section and
not from the pool lights reflection since the pool lights would be unable to reflect on
the upper section. The craft seemed to be manufactured as one solid piece. There
were no visible seams or rivets. The bottom of the craft was concave towards the
center. In the deepest section of the concave center two rectangular objects were
visible and ran the length of the deep concaved section and seemed to be a few feet
apart from each other.
The craft had an upper dome with porthole like windows but no internal visibility.
The upper dome was round and centered in relation to the lower part of the craft
with no visible seams. The total height of the craft appeared to be the equivalent of a
one and half story typical track residence or less. I calculated the height by
comparing it to our two-story house. The diameter was approximately 50-75 feet or
less. There were no visible markings, insignias or identification on the craft.
Under the front leading edge of the circular craft was some ski like devices with two
side-by-side configurations. The design I cannot replicate even though I always
scored high in I.Q, tests where design progressions (similar to mathematical
progressions) had to be decided from multiple drawing choices. I also remember
thinking they were too far forward from the crafts center of gravity something we
studied in Group Propulsion in relation to the length and loading of aircraft. The ski
like devices were similar to the letter S with the top of the S facing forward but with
more elaborate details filling the gaps. At the time my conclusion was they were
some type of hanging or anchoring device.
During the entire experience lasting some 45 seconds or a bit longer, my wife kept
repeating "Oh my God!" over and over again. I tried to concentrate on details and in
my mind kept repeating "take me with you." We were both frozen in awe and
disbelief. It was like seeing a large bus that I previously described as a Greyhound
bus floating over your house. Both of us look upwards and did not speak to each
other during the sighting.
There was no fear, an unprompted paralysis, and a high respect to what we were
seeing. We both had the sensation of being watched primarily because the craft
maneuvered downwards at an angle towards us and then regained a level position
parallel to the ground. As a part of my analysis during the experience I listened for
other engines, other crafts, the possibility that this craft was being suspended from

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3055, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
another craft as a hoax but concluded there were no other man-made craft in the
vicinity.
The craft then began to move at a very slow speed of around 20 miles per hour. I
jumped on a wall that surrounded our backyard so that I could see the trajectory. I
saw between houses as it continued at that speed for at least 7 miles from our house
and heading in a southeast direction from Santa Clarita over a mountainous section
of eastward Los Angeles County. I instructed my wife not to discuss it but to try to
draw what she saw and then we would compare drawings. My drawings had more
details. Then we began comparing the experience and both had seen the very same
details.
My conclusion is that the craft wanted us to observe it or perhaps was examining us.
I am 100% sure this was not a man-made craft or technology. I am also convinced by
the event that U.S. Government intelligence agencies know we are being visited by
extra-terrestrials and are hiding facts. To me the only rationale reasons is because
they lied once about their existence (perhaps Roswell and others) and the complex
structured secretive system is not able to reverse course or that disclosure may
cause the loss of statutory governmental powers as citizens realize that borders,
religions and global federal governments are meaningless and helpless. My
conclusion leads me to think that visitors do not wish to work with a single
government as they are roaming global skies making their presence known.
There were lingering questions in my mind after the sighting. Since the craft must
originate from an advanced civilization why do they need windows? My technical
assumption is that an advanced civilization would have cameras on the exterior
able to duplicate exactly what is visible outside of the craft. Why were we allowed to
see the interior through the large window but not the occupants?
After reporting the experience to the local Sheriff said they had no reports. Years
later after writing the experience on the Internet someone who claimed he was with
NASA automated airport sciences called me and said that his call was unofficial.
The only somewhat related experience was during a father daughter overnight
camping event. The event was prior to our sighting experience. Several of my
neighbors were FBI agents. During the outing two of the agents who had daughters
were standing close to each other looking at the visible stars. One of them
whispered to the other that he heard that strange crafts were often visible in the
area. I was standing a few feet away from them and could her them.
During my earlier education, I graduated and was certified in Group Propulsion
Systems and had a choice to either continue studies as a Flight Engineer or
Aeronautical Engineering. I selected Aeronautical Engineering and attended
Northrop Institute of Technology. In Group Propulsion Systems we became highly
familiar with aircraft, mechanical and electrical systems and all flight disciplines,
flight and design configurations and propulsion sciences. I am still more familiar

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2090, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
From:
Sent:
To:
Subject:
hursday, January 20, 2011 2:02 PM
Re: 1978 Santa Clarita Valley UFO sighting
Hi Michael,
Yes I could provide a drawing. It will take me a couple of weeks because of scheduled activities. I could then have it
scanned and sent to you in a file. If you want a rough pencil sketch it would be quicker. Provide me a fax
number so that I may send.
Since our sighting we are constantly looking upwards. Most recently, last summer, I was gardening and I heard a jet
fighter. We never hear jet fighters except for one that was sent to intercept a civilian craft flying over the nuclear
plant San Onofre located in Orange County approximately 38 miles away. This was a few year ago. I could not see
the fighter but could hear the sound of the craft at an altitude of no more than 7-10,000 feet. But as I visually tried
to locate the jet, I saw a formation of white dots flying at a very high altitude. So high that if you took your eyes of
them it would difficult to find them again. Absolutely not birds because of the altitude. They were silver shiny
objects inn close formation that suddenly made a complete 90 degree turn westwards towards the ocean. I have
never seen birds make such an abrupt turn and keep the tight formation.
I think that if people continually look upwards they will spot these crafts. The issue then is separating the visions
from other normal objects. Most people do not have the technical or analytical capacity and may assume a visible
planet as a craft.
Let me know your fax number.
On 1/20/11 11:02 AM, Michael Schratt wrote:
Dear Mr. Towers,
Thanks for your great email. I am the military aerospace historian at OpenMinds (John Rao is my boss). I read
with great interest your very detailed account pertaining to your 1978 sighting, and I would be very interested in doing a
full color 3D illustration of your case. Mr. Towers, I just wanted to ask if there would be any way that you could draw a
rough pencil sketch of the craft that you saw. Preferably, a three view drawing including surface texture and lighting
details.
Warm regards,
.--

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 544, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with aircraft functions than an automobile. After two years of study I switched to
business management at another university, was an early participant in IT as a
systems analyst followed by executive positions in the computer and software
industry eventually forming my own international management consulting and
international business services integration organization. I am now an active
portfolio investor and international business but retired.
PLEASE DO NOT PRINT/POST E-MAIL ADDRESS: POSTADDRESS@COX.NET
THIS E-MAIL ADRESS MAY BE POSTED
