{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:12:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2272794, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126868-calgary-alberta-canada-disc-sighting-report-drawing-and-article-august-1967.pdf", "source_sha256": "6d8dcd0919f76b3d8fb6e88b8bf33888019bc3b444ac7b872b061ea076e1ed5a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 0, "chars": 1, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}


===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1201, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO sighted near Calgary
During August of 1967 (exact date unknown), a Calgary area chiropractor was riding his
horse near the Sarcee Indian Reservation. Suddenly, his horse became nervous, and started
violently twisting and turning. Then, the doctor noticed a strange low flying cloud ahead that was
approximately 70 feet across. Seconds later, a solid object slowly started to emerge which
appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter. The primary eyewitness stated that the craft was made
of a material that looked like plastic or fiberglass. The bottom of the UFO resembled a
mushroom, and it had a silvery blue color. There appeared to be two concentric circular vent-like
structures on its lower surface which were rotating in opposite directions. These were separated
by a circular casing which was about two feet wide. The lower surface also contained a ten foot
diameter dome which had tapering beams connected to the outer rim. A brilliant electric blue
light which looked like a "welder's arc" was visible along the leading edge of the craft. Within a
few minutes, the unusual object returned to its cloud, and departed to the southwest. Source:
Canadian UFO Report issue No. 1-2 (Spring 1971)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 27, "chars": 160, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
1

SERS

a tee he
ask. ae
%

a os
7
a

oe
A

anion
wo

ee es

—

He

wr eg a a

_—

wie

tt

.
*
al
—

wl
ait

ig jun

1)
Ww:
Ni /

a

=

AE
as gee erat

/

14

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1304, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lỏ DIAM
SEMI-TRANS-
PARENT DONE:
ROTATED IN
BOTH DIRELT-
IONS
BLUE GLOW
ON
LEADING
EDGE
DISC
ANTENNAE
DULL
WHITE
FINISH
VENTS DARK
(ROTATING OPPOSITELY)
UPPER SURFACE UNCERTAIN
APPROXIMATE
SECTIONAL VIEW
→2
upward and inward.
The bottom part, which he could see clearly,
was generally concave in shape and consisted
essentially of the two concentric sets of vents
already described. The vents were darker than
the plastic-like body of the craft, which he
estimated to be about 40 feet in diameter.
A particularly noticeable feature of the craft
was the appearance and operation of the bottom
central section which he figured was about 10
feet across
and was connected to the outer rim
of the vehicle by tapering beams.
4'
• DOME DOES NOT EXTEND BELOW RIM
"It had three
or four spikes like antennas
sticking out of it," he said,
"and I could see by
the motion of these that the whole thing was
able to revolve. It would turn a bit in one
direction, stop and go on or turn back in the
other direction. These rods or antennas varied
from about four to six feet in length and gave
me the impression they were a searching device.
In fact, that whole central dome seemed to be a
sort of observation station."
Although the object itself had a dull finish the
witness observed a brilliant electric-blue light
16

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 779, "chars": 4571, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HORSE ILL AFTER UFO INCIDENT
Famous in UFO annals is the case of Snippy,
a pet pony on the King Ranch in Colorado who,
one shocking
September,
(''invasion" year, remember?) was found dead
with the flesh stripped with surgical precision
from its neck and head. Strange markings in the
ground nearby and reports of unexplained aerial
sightings led to speculation that UFO visitors
were involved.
The case quickly became a news-headliner and
tourist attraction, with the result that after a
while it was difficult to tell fiction trom tact.
But whatever the truth of it (and unaccountably
scant attention was paid to other livestock
deaths in the same area about the same time),
there is no question that these strangers have a
pronounced interest in our animals, sometimes
with unhappy results. Animals, in turn, often
react with frenzy whenever a UFO is in the
vicinity. Some observers believe this is because
the mysterious craft emit a sound too high (or
too low?) for human ears but audible to animals
who for some reason are maddened by that
particular pitch.
That may be so - or at least part of the story
- but it does little to explain the plight of one
horse (perhaps a second was involved without a
witness present) we heard
about from that
tireless UFO investigator, Bill Allan of Calgary,
that his name be withheld. We have his identity
but respect his wish and will call him "the
doctor."
The doctor said the incident occurred about
of Calgary. The
weather was clear and stars were just beginning
to shine.
"Suddenly, for no apparent reason, my horse,
a mare, became very alert and stiff and started
to pass manure, a sign of nervousness. Then very
quickly it became
extremely violent and
practically uncontrollable, turning and twisting.
I had to be very careful because the river was on
my left and on my right there were trees and a
barbed wire fence."
At that point, the doctor said, what appeared
to be an odd low-flying cloud ahead caught the
top of his vision. It had a billowy contour and
was about 70 feet across.
Trying now to get off his skittish mount, the
doctor did not at first pay close attention to
the "cloud". But seconds later his attention
became rivetted on it when a solid-appearing
object silently started to emerge.
"It came out as if to observe what was
happening below which, I guess, was me on my
horse," he said. "It was made of a material that
looked like a plastic or fiberglass of a bluish steel
color, or a silvery blue. The underpart of it,
which was all I could see, was slightly oval in
shape and contained two circular vent-like
structures, like the bottom of a mushroom,
rotating in opposite directions. | could actually
see them going round, as they were moving quite
slowly."
In his talk with Allan the doctor stressed that
his view of the craft was badly interrupted by
the wild actions of his horse but afterwards he
was able to sort out the details in his mind. He
remembered that the two sets of vents or slats,
moving noiselessly at first, were separated by a
casing of some sort about two feet wide, and the
vents themselves were about four feet wide.
They revolved about a slightly squared central
piece protruding from the bottom of the craft.
"I couldn't hear anything myself but !
wondered if the object was giving off a sound
that hurt my horse's ears because by this time
she was
thrashing her head about very
violently," the doctor said. "I was having so
much trouble with her that I was only able to
catch glimpses of what was happening, but after
a moment I saw the object start to go back into
its cloud and the whole formation began to rise,
veering off toward the southwest. It moved very
slowly, not seeming to be in any hurry, and as it
left, the cloud became more turbulent and began
to disintegrate. It trailed behind as the vehicle
moved off toward the horizon and disappeared."
By this time the doctor had managed to
dismount from
his nervous horse and, in
moment of relative calm as he held her reins, he
detected a soft vibrating noise from the craft as
it started to leave. He imitated the effect by
making a swishing sound through his lips that
sounded somewhat similar to the noise of a stick
whipped back and forth through the air. He
thought the sound had about the same beat as
the rotating vents.
While Allan and ufologist Dr. Max Edwards of
Victoria, B.C., visiting Calgary
questioned him for further details, the doctor
of what he saw see Hal
Crawford's reproduction). He emphasized that
at no time did he see the top of the craft but his
impression was that the upper edges curved
15

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 569, "chars": 3285, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
along its leading edge as it emerged from the
cloud. "It was like a welder's arc,"
he said.
The doctor went on to explain that for two or
three days after the incident his horse was very
head-shy and he suspected that somehow her
ears had been affected by the experience.
Unfortunately, however, worse was to come,
suggesting that more than sound-damage may
have been involved.
The trouble started several weeks later when
the doctor noticed sore-looking spots, as if made
by burning, breaking out on the horse's head. In
a matter of days these had spread down her neck
(the same area of the damage inflicted on
Snippy) and a goiter-like swelling had started to
show.
"It looked like a mass of tumors," in the
opinion of Bill Allan who, with a touring TV
crew from the Ontario department of education,
went to see the horse.
being tested.
To this already mystifying chain of events,
the doctor added one more puzzling incident.
He said that for an hour or so after their
encounter with the strange vehicle, his horse
remained quite nervous and he allowed her time
to graze and calm down.
"But soon after I had mounted her and
started on our way back, she began to stitten up
again and I thought, 'Oh, no, not another one!'
But this time she wasn't quite as uneasy and we
continued along until something lying in the
bush caught my eye. I rode closer and saw it was
a horse on its side, obviously dead. The strange
part was that its exposed side was badly singed,
though there was no sign of a fire having been
there. But whatever had happened must have
occurred very recently as I could still smell
burnt hair, and when I got down and felt the
horse, it was still warm. Also there was no sign
of rigor mortis."
The doctor did not at first connect this
discovery
with his UFO sighting. Instead,
continuing on, he reported it as a matter of
routine to a young man he knew whose family
lived nearby, and they
agreed to look at the
horse next day to see if it could be identified.
But next day, though they had no trouble
finding the imprint where the carcass had lain,
they were unable to find a trace of the horse
itself. To their utter mystification, the heavy
growth surrounding the spot was unbroken and
unmarked even though it was apparent that a
vehicle of considerable weight would have been
needed to travel that far through the bush in the
first place and to carry the carcass in the second.
So unmarred was the scene, it was just as if
somehow the horse had been lifted directly from
the spot and hauled away by air!
Other remarkable UFO photos we received
recently (in addition to Mrs. Jacobson's shot, see
Brian Cannon's earlier story are these two taken
from a helicopter in interior British Columbia.
They were
sent
in by our Cariboo
correspondent,
Mrs.
Myrna Halsall,
who
unfortunately was not given details. All she was
told was they were taken from a helicopter
during a routine mining survey. She hopes to
obtain more information.
Though lacking details, we include the photos
in this issue to point out the similarity between
this object and that described in the following
vivid
story
from Finland,
reprinted from
Britain's Flying Saucer Review. Note in
the
closer shot how the aperture at the bottom
seems to correspond with that observed in the
Finnish incident.
17
