{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T02:34:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4081793, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126851-voronezh-russia-september-27-1989-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "9fffbb88d657bfa2daa79743987bf1c68daf38865a0d58869f3f5072eadb19aa"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 933, "chars": 6040, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
y the fall of 1989, the economic,
political, and social reforms
known as glasnost and perestroika
implemented by the last
Communist premier of the Soviet
Union, Mikhail Gorbachev, were changing
the once monolithic and totalitarian
society of the USSR. Glasnost had
unshackled the Soviet media, which was
now relatively free to cover a wide range
of once-banned subjects including UFOs.
Russian journalists soon discovered that
the public was eager to read and know
more about this topic. There was a general
air of excitement about the changes taking
place in the USSR, as people around the
world felt that the old Cold War regime was
beginning to crumble.
SUVIET
UNIUN
UFOS
The
Controversy.
THE ORIGINAL TASS NEWSWIRES
The now famous October 9 TASS original newswire announced to the
world that, "scientists have confirmed that an unidentified flying object
recently landed in the Russian city of Voronezh. They have also identified the
landing site and found traces of aliens who made a short promenade about
the park." TASS added that there had been at least three incidents that
included the following sight:
A large shining ball or disc was seen hovering above the park, it then
landed, a hatch opened and 1, 2 or 3 creatures similar to humans and
a small robot came out. The aliens were three or even four meters high
(about 9 to 10 feet), but with very small heads, witnesses say.
Apparently, after taking a short stroll in the park and terrifying the local
witnesses, the aliens went back to their craft and took off immediately. At
first glance, the Voronezh affair looked like the ideal UFO case because
TASS noted that the details and landing marks had been confirmed by
Genrikh Silanov, head of the Voronezh Geophysical Laboratory. Silanov was
quoted in the original TASS report stating,
We detected a circle 20 meters in diameter. Four 4-5 centimeter deep
dents, each with a diameter of 14-16 centimeters were clearly visible.
They are situated in the four points of a rhomb. We found two mysterious
pieces of rock. At first glance they looked like a sandstone of a deep-red
color. However, mineralogical analysis has shown that the substance
cannot be found on Earth.
Even official publications of the Soviet Union fea-
tured UFOs on the cover following the 1989 wave.
It is within this context that the world
media went crazy when the official Soviet
news agency, TASS (the Telegraph Agency
of the Soviet Union), put out a newswire
on October 9, 1989 that shocked the
world. The wire discussed a story of giant
aliens landing in a flying saucer right in the
middle of a park in the city of Voronezh.
Hardly anyone in the West had ever heard
about Voronezh before this story, despite
the city's location just three hundred miles
southwest of Moscow.
The furor was so big that even the
New York Times —normally not a UFO-
friendly publication -ran three articles
on consecutive days, making the front
page story on October 10 with the title,
"A TASS Bulletin: Knobby Aliens Were
Here." Another American newspaper,
Newsday, filled its entire front page with
the Voronezh story under the headline,
"Close Encounters of the Soviet Kind!" On
October 14, the New York Times published
an editorial titled "The Voronezh Visitors,"
which although written in a tongue-in-
cheek style, admitted that "skepticism
can be taken too far" and that "TASS has
broken the story of the century."
66 • openminds.tv
1: 43294
E220001
10-09 U361.
43294,
E220001.
43294
• CONFIRMED OF LANDİNG İN DORONEZMA WITNESSES FRIGNTERED.
VORONEZM OCTOBER 9 TASS - SCIENTISTS HAVE CONFIRMED THAT AN
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT RECENTLY LANDED IN A PARK IN THE
RUSSTAN CITY OF VORONEZH.
THEN HAME ALSO IDENTIFIED THE LANDING SITE AND FOUND TRACES OF
ALIENS WMO MADE A SHORT PROMENADE ABOUT THE PARK.
ALIENS VISITED THE PLACE AFTER DARK• AT LEAST THREE TIMES.
LOCALS REPORT.
A LARGE SHINING BALL OR DISK HAS SEEM HOVERING PROVE THE PARK,
IT TEN LANDED, A HATCH OPEMED AND 1• 2 0R 2 CREATURES SIMILAR TO
HUNANS AND A SNALL ROBOT CAME QUT.
THE ALIENS WERE THREE OR EVEN FOUR •STERS MIGH, BUT WITH VERY
SHALL MEADS• WITNESSES SAY.
THEY WALKED MEAR THE BALL OR DISC GND THEN DISAPPEGRED INSIDE.
ONLORERS HERE QUERNMELMED WITH A FERR WHICH LASTED FOR SEVERAL
*HE IRENTIFIED THE LANDING SITE BY MEANS OF BIOLOCATION•+
GENPIKA SLANDU. HERD OF THE VORONEZM GEOPMTSICAL LADORATORT SAID
IN AN INTERDIER.
+KE DETECTED A CIRCLE 20 METERS IN DIAMETRE, FOUR 4-5
CENTINETRE DEEP DENTS, EACH WITH A DIAMETER OF 14-16 CENTIMETRES
WERE CLEARLY VISIBLE.
ARE SITUATED IN THE FOUR POINTS OF A
WE FOUND TWO MYSTERIOUS PIECES OF ROCK.+
+AT FIRST GLANCE THEY LOOKED LIKE SANDSTONE OF A DEEP-RER
COLDUP, HOWEVER:
MINERALOGICAL ANALYSIS HAS SMOAN THAT THE
SARSTANCE CANNOT BE
FOUND ON EARTH.
HOWEVER: RODITIONAL TESTS ARE
NEEDED TO REACH A MORE
DEFINITE CONCLUSION.+
SILANDU USED BIOLOCATION TO TRACE THE EARTHLY TRAILS OF THE
WITNESSES WERE NOT
THE EXPERIMENT, BUT THE
ROUTE ALONG WHICH THE ALIENS WALKED AS DESCRIBED BY THE ONLOOKERS
AND THE ONE ESTABLIBHED SCIENTIFICALLY COINCIDED.
NANY ALSO CLAIM TO HAVE SEEN 9 SHAANA-SHAPED OBVECT IN THE SKY
AND A CHARNCTERISTIC ILLOMINATED SIONS AS DESORIBED
SODA MAGAZINE
IT 1S UNLIKELY THAT RESTDENTO OF VORONDEN CODLD ARUE READ TME
iTEn PNaS ++*
The October 9, 1989 TASS newswire, "Confirmed UFO Landing in Voronezh."
LEFT: Credit: Huneeus Collection/Soviet Union
RIGHT: Credit: Huneeus Collection/TASS
MIDDLE: Credit: Huneeus Collection/Moscow News
Silanov
"additiona
more defil
report ad
a techniqi
(somethir
Additiona
witnesse
object in
illuminate
Saga ma
residents
the maga
will likely
publicati
to be fair
magazın
by 1989.
been ou
years sh
impressi
As th
Voronez
the sec
even sti
newswi
the new
(Soviet
three-e
landed
zappin
Genrikl
been m
with re
allegeo
descrit
a piece
easily!
Silano'
adding
landin
one in
TOP AND BOTTOM: Credit: Huneeus Collection/Voronezh Anomalous Phenomena Research Committee
effects
under
TAS
Vladin
report
Fool's
told th
Weste
incide
than
rocks
were
at lea
the F
that a
Sarot
of Vo
show
of a l
But,
disag
from
Pher

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4646, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the
tified the
e about
nat
then
and
high
ocal
ly. At
Ise
ov was
deep
ole.
terious
ep-red
ce
OF
Ks
RY
DE.
18
ARE
E
(ERS
E SAT
5.
THE
Voronezh."
LEFT: Credit: Huneeus Collection/Soviet Union
RIGHT: Credit: Huneeus Collection/TASS
nalous Phenomena Research Committe
Silanov cautioned, however, that
"additional tests are needed to reach a
more definitive conclusion." The TASS
report added that Silanov had used
a technique known as "biolocation"
(something similar to dowsing).
Additionally, TASS reported that
witnesses had seen "a banana-shaped
object in the sky and a characteristic
illuminated sign, as described in the U.S.
Saga magazine, [but it] is unlikely that
residents of Voronezh could have read
the magazine." Only seasoned ufologists
will likely recall Saga and its sister
publication UFO Report, which used
to be fairly popular newsstand UFO
magazines in the 1970s. The fact that,
by 1989, both American magazines had
been out of circulation for nearly eight
years showed that TASS kept pretty
impressive ufological records.
As the bizarre account of the
Voronezh encounter unfolded on
the second day, the story became
even stranger. An Associated Press
newswire from Moscow stated that
the newspaper Sovetskaya Kultura
(Soviet Culture) had reported that "a
three-eyed alien with a robot sidekick
landed by UFO made a boy vanish by
zapping him with a pistol." Moreover,
Genrikh Silanov claimed that he had
been misquoted by TASS, particularly
with regards to the two red rocks of
alleged alien origin. "The rock they
described as extraterrestrial is in fact
a piece of iron oxide which could
easily have originated on Earth,"
Silanov told the Associated Press,
adding that there was indeed "a
landing site" or something resembling
one in Voronezh, although similar
effects could have been caused by an
underground pipe, cable, or reservoir.
TASS stood by its correspondent
Vladimir Lebedev, who filed the original
report from Voronezh. "It's not April
Fool's today," a TASS duty officer
told the Associated Press. Although
Western reporters tried to ridicule the
incident in the following days, other
than Silanov's retraction of the two red
rocks, the basic details of the incident
were not denied by Soviet authorities,
at least initially. Later, on October 28,
the French Press Agency reported
that a commission chaired by Igor
Sarotsev, vice-rector of the University
of Voronezh, issued a report which
showed "there exists no verifiable proof
of a landing by aliens in Voronezh."
But, as discussed below, there was
disagreement amongst other scientists
from the Voronezh Anomalous
Phenomena Research Committee.
THE VORONEZH WITNESSES
The worldwide media level of interest in Voronezh generated a great deal
of confusion because the great majority of Western reporters were unaware
of the complex and often conflictive history of ufology in the old Soviet
communist society. It soon became apparent that at least half a dozen
UFO cases took
place in 1989
in Voronezh,
all between
September 21
and October
3. The most
famous case was
the landing on
September 27
in Voronezh, in
which the main
witnesses were a
group of children
playing in the
early evening.
The children were
interviewed by
various local and
An artist's rendition of one of the landings, from the Russian book, UFOs in Voronezh.
national TV news
programs, which
KHorot
were later rebroadcast in the West,
Люк
0 070
0000
and their drawings of the aliens and
their craft were published by the
press worldwide. As the children
played in the park, a pink glow
appeared in the sky, circling, then
hovering, and finally landing. The
boys described it as a deep red
ball about 10 meters in diameter.
Свет
One child in particular, Vasya Surin,
would later provide a colorful
description of the 9-to-10-feet-tall,
Eyewitnesses illustrations from the children published by Moscow New
three-eyed alien
wearing silvery
overalls, bronze-
colored boots,
and a disc on
his chest.
Yet, not all of
the witnesses
were children.
The New York
Times quoted
Lieutenant Sergei
A. Matseyev of
the Voronezh
district police
station, stating
that "it was not an
optical illusion."
Matseyev didn't
An artist's rendition of the so-called Voronezh giants, from the Russian book, UFOs in Voronezh.
actually see the
aliens, but he
admitted that there "was certainly a body flying in the sky" at low altitude,
emitting no sound, and moving at high speed. "I thought I must be really
tired," he added, "but I rubbed my eyes and [the UFO] didn't go away. Then
I figured, in this day and age, anything is possible."
The high point of strangeness came when the aliens used some kind
openminds.tv • 67

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 861, "chars": 5596, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Artist's rendition of the main UFO landing of September 27, 1989 in Voronezh's South Park by German artist D. Menningramm.
of device or "pistol." Allegedly, the alien visitors aimed
a long tube at a sixteen-year-old boy and made him
disappear. The tall aliens with small heads went back
into the craft, and the UFO took off at the same time that
the boy reappeared. Perhaps due to the furor caused in
the American and foreign media, Vremya the main Soviet
television newscast, decided to interview Vasya Surin. "We
were scared," said Surin, adding that the UFO "hovered
over the tree. Then the door opened and a tall person of
about three meters looked out. He didn't have a head or
shoulders either. He just had a kind of a hump. There he
had three eyes, two on each side and one in the middle."
The coverage in the Soviet media was uneven, with some
outlets treating it seriously and others ridiculing it. The
official newspaper of the Soviet Communist Party, Pravda,
for instance, chose to have a little fun at the expense of
Voronezh, publishing a parody on December 15, 1989 titled,
"Extraterrestrials in Obradovsk." The parody focused on
a spaceship that appeared showing the letters "U.F.O." in
Cyrillic and Latin alphabets. But the weekly Moscow News,
which had become one of Russia's most freely outspoken
publications in the Gorbachev era, treated the issue seriously
in the article, "Aliens Visit Voronezh," and shed considerable
more light on the flap. The article reported on such details
as the findings of gamma-radiation on the landing traces in
Voronezh and the calculations by local UFO researchers that,
"the approximate mass of the body which exerted pressure
on the ground in this spot was 11 tons."
The Moscow News also reported on the testimony of
Voronezh mayor Viktor Atlasov regarding his support of the
children who were the closest witnesses and who received
much attention and ridicule for their descriptions of the
giant alien beings. "I believe the boys," Mayor Atlasov told
the newspaper.
More details were also later provided by the children,
including Zhenya Blinov, who talked about a three-meter-
tall being who disembarked on the evening of September
27. Zhenya explained, "On his head, I saw two eyes and
slightly above them a red lamp. On his breast there was a
disc with three spots of different colors, and slightly below
it there was a rectangle which started sticking out from the
body." Moscow News also located witnesses to another
UFO sighting over the city on the evening of September 29
Accountant Olga Poludneva described a luminous ball flying
above the houses, a fact confirmed by her friend Lyudmila
Kupriyanova, who also saw the
mysterious object with a luminous tail.
On October 28, skeptical results
of the sighting were issued by a local
commission chaired by Igor Sarotsev,
vice-rector of the University of
Voronezh. His report stated that "there
exists no verifiable proof of a landing
000
000
by aliens in Voronezh." Their tests for
micro-organisms and spectro-chemical
analysis failed to uncover "any anomaly
either in the earth or surrounding
vegetation." Sarotsev acknowledged
"The presence of a larger than normal
quantity of the radioactive isotope
cesium in the area of the alleged
landing," but added that, "after
Chernobyl, this kind of phenomenon
has been found in many areas."
Additional data was gathered by well-
known ufologist and scientist, Dr. Jacques Vallee, who flew
to Moscow in January 1990 with French journalist Martine
Castello. Although they didn't actually travel to Voronezh,
they met with many of the local scientists who investigated
the UFO wave. The results of this trip were published by
Vallee in his 1992 book, UFO Chronicles of the Soviet Union:
A Cosmic Samizdat. Of particular interest were the accounts
of UFO sightings by personnel from Voronezh-Energo,
the Voronezh hydroelectric power station. For example,
employee Inna Nikitina reported that, "Around 9:00 P.M., for
five to ten minutes, I observed a fairly large flattened sphere,
shaped like an orange. This happened in the vicinity of the
mining equipment plant. I experienced a feeling of intense
fear for which I could not account."
More testimony came from Yuli Sviridov, chief engineer
of the Transelectroproject Institute, who described "a big,
bright red sphere move between the houses at an altitude
of a thousand feet, with a crimson halo along the edges,"
on the evening of September 27. Then, in late September,
fifty-six-year-old factory worker M. N. Polyakov was driving
with a friend toward a southern suburb of Voronezh, when
suddenly their car engine stopped. The car lights, radio,
and everything else electronic in the vehicle came to a halt.
Polyakov and his friend then noticed an object hovering
in the sky above their car. "Suddenly a light appeared
from it," he said, and "the beam came down and slowly
moved along the ground toward us... when the beam
approached the car I experienced an unpleasant fear. I felt
constrained. I did not want to move or to do anything."
An artist's rendition of the case of factory worker Polyakov, whose car was stopped
by a beam emitted by a UFO during the Voronezh wave.
68 • openminds.tv
TOD. Prodit. Hungone Collection/D. Menningramm
BOTTOM: Credit: Huneeus Collection/Voronezh Anomalous Phenomena Research Committee
FINDIN
Back ir
USSR ha
UFOs de
The loca
Mosolov
chief eng
the geop
and Dr.
mechan
All-Unio
corresp
This gro
investig
book w
main co
corresp
1990 le
military
the prin
The sc
Credit: Huneeus CollectionNoronezh Anomalous
Phenomena Research Committee
SU
UF
3,
11
de
in
0

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3579, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Anomalous Phenomena Research Committee
FINDINGS OF THE VORONEZH ANOMALOUS PHENOMENA RESEARCH COMMITTEE
Back in the mid-1980s, scientists throughout the
USSR had formed local committees to investigate
UFOs designated officially as anomalous phenomena.
The local Voronezh committee included Alexander
Mosolov, an aviation engineer; Vyacheslav Martynov,
chief engineer at an aeronautical plant; Genrikh Silanov,
the geophysicist quoted in the famous TASS newswire;
and Dr. Yuri Lozovtsev, an associate professor of
4. Spectators reported there were several humanoids and
one artificial mechanical object that was described as a "TV
set on legs." Some children say the humanoids had three eyes
or two eyes and a red lamp between them: had no nose but
one or two holes instead of it. The skin reported to be green or
brown (different landings). Humanoids were dressed in 'blue
raincoats' and bronze-colored heavy boots.
mechanics and specialist in materials science with the
All-Union External Railroad Transport Institute, who later
corresponded extensively with many Western ufologists.
5. Sign "Ж" on the board of some vehicles (different
sightings were also reported).
This group eventually published a 1990 book about their
investigation titled, UFOs in Voronezh. Unfortunately, this
book was never translated into English, but the group's
main conclusions were conveyed by Dr. Lozovtsev in his
6. The major type of UFOs in the skies of Voronezh were the
following: classic saucer, hat-shaped, ball-shaped, egg-shaped,
etc. The colors were metallic, orange, red, blue and others.
correspondence with Western researchers. An April 17,
1990 letter by Dr. Lozovtsev to the Hungarian-American
military ufologist, Colonel Colman von Keviczky, described
the primary conclusions of the investigation:
Dr. Lozotsev added that "UFO activities over Voronezh
are continuing," and that the "last report we have received
was dated April 4, 1990. We go on with our exploration
Credit: Huneeus Collection/Voronezh Anomalous
Phenomena Research Committee
The scientific team from the Voronezh Anomalous Phenomena Research Committee, authors of the book, UFOs in Voronezh.
1. We have found several round tracks (the diameter is 150
mm and the depth is 50 mm) in the South Park in Voronezh. We
suppose there were at least 5 landings and one low hanging of
UFOs over the area in the period from September 22 to October
3, 1989. The weight of one of those vehicles was approximately
11,500 kilograms (this figure was computed according to the
deformation of the soil under the tracks).
2. Magnetic field characteristics had an extreme magnitude
in the centers of the landings.
3. Micro-organisms in the soil were oppressed in the centers
of the landings (the quantity was ten times less than usual).
and hope that our work will be a modest contribution.
in the serious and complex study of the UFO problem."
A little clarification must be added to Dr. Lozotsev's fifth
point regarding the symbol "Ж" seen on the UFO by some
witnesses. This symbol received a great deal of attention
in the press, as it seemed to be almost identical to the
famous and controversial "Ummo" symbol reported in
Spain in the 1960s. The Spanish incident was an extremely
complex affair investigated by well-known Spanish
ufologist and author Antonio Ribera, which involved a
number of fairly technical letters written allegedly by
inhabitants from the planet Ummo who were visiting Earth.
However, before drawing any conclusions, it should be
noted that this symbol is also almost identical to the letter
openminds.tv • 69

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2736, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hold
Участок Южного парка
Места „посадок" и навлюдателей
100.05
The Psy
you to t
conscio
where L
the par
conspir
Reader:
movie
The Ps
a dime
Условные
места „ ПОСАДОМ"
места РасположЕт
Топографический
план
участка
Южного парка.
Места расположения наблюдателей:
Сорокина,
Ю. Шолохова;
2
H.
Крылова,
- A.
Панин;
E.
Блинов: 4
P.
Top-
шин:
C.
Макаров;
A.
Никаноров;
B.
Старцев; 7
H.
Гладкова; 8
B.
Сурин.
Map of the UFO landing site in Voronezh's South Park, from the Russian book, UFOs
in Voronezh.
"zh" in the Russian Cyrillic alphabet, and may not be at all
related to the so-called Ummo affair.
It is also important to note that the Voronezh UFO wave
didn't happen in a vacuum. Although the incidents were
most widely reported in both the Soviet and international
media, they were certainly not the only close encounters
with aliens reported in the Soviet Union in 1989. They
were, in fact, part of a large UFO wave registered all
over the country in that fateful year. Some of the other
significant ET incidents reported that year included a
series of close encounters in the village of Konantsevo
(Harovsk District, Vologda Region) in June. There were
also several abduction or contactee cases in various parts
of the USSR during the month of July 1989, including
Kiev, the capital of Ukraine; Tiblisi, the capital of Georgia;
and Solnechnogorsk in the Moscow Region, in which a
painter was abducted by aliens (his experience was later
reproduced in a series of paintings). Finally, there were
a series of UFO and alien incidents in the Chernyshev
District of the Perm Region, west of the Ural Mountains,
70 • openminds.tv.
One of the very few UFO photographs taken during the Voronezh wave.
which eventually led this area to be known as the "Perm
anomalous zone." This area continues to this day to be
one of Russia's ufological hot spots.
The Voronezh affair receded in time as other intense UFO
waves in Belgium, Mexico, and elsewhere replaced them
in the international media. They are mostly forgotten by
the general public by now, but the level of media intensity
received at the time still marks them as one of the most
highly publicized waves in ufological history. Regardless
of what really transpired in this Russian city, the Voronezh
affair should be considered as highly significant at least
from a sociological point of view. At least for a few days,
the incidents changed the world's perception of the
UFO subject, giving a glimpse of what could happen if
government authorities, scientists, ufologists, and the
media concentrate their efforts in solving, or at least dealing
officially with the topic of alien visitations to Earth.
The UFO landing site in Voronezh's South Park, from the Russian book, UFOs in Voronezh.
