{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T10:05:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 9, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1308456, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126814-cumberland-county-pennsylvania-ufo-sighting-report-june-20-1967.pdf", "source_sha256": "05cdef7cfe221bbdc1edf67bfc754b421c5177ddb3824bce9651d3611da771e9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-Juare zo
JUL 25 1967
NOrth 7-9434
NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.
PN.
stitch
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS)
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
one by a by other Armed Forces.
1.
Name
XXX
Place of Employment Self
Occufation
Arlist
Education Hight Setioor - Art School
Telephone
Special Training Savings * Loan Corres at Uniu.of Gergia
Military Service 3yrs. USMC.-Fo. schosl
2.
Data of Observation
6/20/67
Tine 11:45 AM
(PM)
Time Zone
• EDT
3.
Locality of Observation So. Middleton Top. Cumb.Co. Pa.
4. How long did you see the object?
Hours (30 Minutes
Soconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; ine., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, ote. Clear -crisp visually
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you, directly bellind ine.
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? yes.
8.
Were there more than one object?
Yes. If so, please tell how many, and drow a sketch of what you sow, indicating
direction of movement, if any.
- See separate papers
Please describe the objects) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving.
ate? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary. See Separate papers.
10.
Wes the objects) brighter shan the background of the sky? Yes.
i
1l. If so, compare the brightnes with the Sun, Moon, headlights, ote, larger, brighter than Ist Maquitude stur
Did the objects) -
(Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
1
Appear to stand still at any time? yes:
c.
d.
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes.
Break up into parts or explode? yes.
Give off smoke? no•
Leave any visible trail? M01
Drop anything? MO•
g.
h.
Change brightness? nO.
Change shape? Ufs '
change color? les.
D
13.
14.
15.
Did the objecrs) at any time pass in frantof, or behind of, anything? if so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc, if possible. yes, in
Wes there any wind? No.
If so, please give direction and speed.
Did you observe the objects) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening,
ate? yes.
7X35
Binoculars
16.
17.
Did the objects) have any sound? No.
What kind?
How loud?
Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
Fuzzy or blurred
b.
c.
Like a bright star
Rlnck
Sharply outlined.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2556, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18.
G
Sur
'Cleawood
19.
20.
21.
Was the object —
a.
b.
Self-luminous ?
Duit finish?
Reflecting?
Transparent?
Did the object (s) rise or fall while in motion? Yes.
Tell the apparent size of the objects) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a.
b.
c.
Pinhead
d.
Nickel
9°
Pea
e.
Haif dollar
f.
Silver dollar
i.
Orange
Grapefruit
Larger
Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at am's length.
How did you happen to notice the object)? Was looking for UFO's.
variable - see
separate papers.
24.
Compare the speed of the objecils) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Variable from Vet to Piston
25.
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. No.
26.
Please estimate the distance of the objects). 3 miles closest.
27. What was the elevation of the objects) in the sky?
Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
28.
Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
29.
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position; the direction from which the objects)
appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of Its course over the dogg; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
landmarks within a mile.
• Radio
Towe
Tounship Pd.
-
midury
Bowling
4) My stave
is there an airport, military, govemmental,
30.
31.
32.
33.
3A.
35.
Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, nates of radio or television programs (include time, station and
date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. Wo will retum the material to you.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state
the name and rank or title of the agent, his office; and details as to where, and when the questioning took place.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please
elaborate carefully. No.
We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible
citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidentiai. Please nota
your choice by checking the proper statemant below. In any cose, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidontial
files. Thank you for your cooperation.
You may use my name.
14T
Please keep my name confidential.
{)
Date of filling out this report: 7/12/67
Signature:

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2614, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1461
JUNE 20/21
PA
The Furning News
HARRISBURG, PENNA, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2019
d the Sky's the Limit on Area UFO Reports
midnight
maller one
Lil wai
; State Capital,
Flying downwas
eq from it,
capital - UFO capi-
¡of:
they other-si
MEANWHILE, over in New had, disappeared
he direction
object that
utes before.
well at least a UFO capital was a sighting by, two, 11-year- appeared from Betalso,
me 20 as fled with sky-ga- Breck. Peterson, both of New bureau
a temporary basis, last nightor boys. John Toth of ed Wee based ate ter
SECOND, there's
→ about twicel the pi
Keet Seasines
close to
-red ball
is - some serious, some scot Cumberland MR, observed a red loon last ni
" lined Hanover) Stei and saücer-shaped, aerial object, ap-night. He: said was possible
lled over into apfield behind proximately 100 feet in diame the balloon could have been seen
ca
Il Manor Apartments, where|ter, with blinking red and blue in New Cumberland: and one of
dan
(week1215
Os have been sighted for the lights on' its bottom, hover over the bureau's balloons wás red:
quipped with
cameras, bi-
¡the New Cumberland Army De. He added that between midnight
pot for about 20 minutes.
ulars and a geiger counter or
Thomas said it was observed
and 2 a.m. the bureau had. re-
Iceived
the
many. calls.
and,
other
NICAP
members first
area week
called there by
Len
of 'yesterday tails. The large, red object was at don't know why so many
Angs Bad been reported about fifteen minutes. As the Cook, of Camp, Hill,
200" Separate UFO joined by a' smaller one after sightings are here," said George'
"but. you
¡ghout the city, its suburbs smaller one came near, Thomas have to keep in mind this sort of
surrounding " communities said there was a flash and the thing is going. on all over the
the last fortnight.
smaller one descended. *
Almost immediatel afterl
Cool
right
roma
an
mid.
witt
to.
buesat least for the -
reported one caroccu- as it a hatch opened at the bot-o gO talk. Cook, local chair-
fat of the large Fand a
RING
000000000
miles on
washington
5o0E anda
and a telev
Yörk makin
tying. sauci
YESTERI
calls from t
zona and a
Over, the we
to: duteam ol
LOW THE BOUNCING BALL CA
A drawing
earthe characteristics of an UFO sighted Thars-
night by Karlene Comrey, of the Hall Manor
tments. The aerialiobject was seen
dancing and
ating into vied near Hat Manor and altars
1 another bullet-shaped Uro, also reported in
= *that vicinity.
which Is seen
Py: someone
atithe Hall
Apartments:
¡burg. So far, two mysterious. ae
rial objects have t
The first is
with bright I
threa tim
car light a
icribed it.i On
sionally on its
ous colors: havi

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 1856, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TUESDAT: JUNE 20, 1961 B
XX
Summerdale, Pa. "I first saw the U. F. O. the week of June 12 over our
residence at X
The object was approximately
20 feet from the ground, oblong in shape, I would say the shape of an egg,
16 feet long and 5 feet across. Ift hovered over our house for 12 to 15 min.
then moved slowly toward Harrisburg, east from here. It disappeared. It
came back for three nights over our residence
around 10:15 to 10:30. The
lights on it were a piercing bright light and on each end a red light; On
Tuesday, June 20, I came east on Valloy Road and saw it over Louis Park• I
stopped the car and watched it for 10 minutes. I drove home nad drove back
to Louis Park at 10:45 P. Ma to pick up my son• I again saw it over the
farm house at the Eshlinger Farm at the corner of Valley Road and North Enola
Drive. I had my son in the car and we stopped at the end of North Enola Drive.
He went over to
residence and 2
X
X and her sister
and husband came out and we all watched it move over to the WHP Radio station
towers on Tower Roade It hovered there between the two end towers for at
least 15 minutes. I got in my car with my son and drove out Valley Road to
Töwer Road with no lights on. It was a beautiful warm clear night and no
wind or air moving at all" I stopped at the edge of the road and watched for
about 15 minutes - through the colored glass of my windshield. I could not
state how far it was from the ground, It was between the towers and down
batween the top lights. I. had no lights on my car. A car came down the Iower
Road toward where I was parked" When the car got almost to the spot where it
was, it started to raise slowly and continued to raise slowly to the north-
waste My son nad I watched until it got to the top of the mountain and it
again stopped near the I. V. Towers on the top of the mountain. I then turned
-29-

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1566, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ommy headlights and came home: When I got out of my car in the driveway
and walkediup on the porch it was still at the I. V. Towerse. Jou can see
these towers very clearly from my house day or night• The lights on it I
would say are a reflector type light from what I observedó The lights
imbedded in the ledge and a reflector over the outside: It gives the im-
pression they are blinking but they are reflecting.. My picture of what I.
saw is below, the red lights on both ends, resembling a tail light on a car.
The lights were around the edge on both sides, so it completely is surrounded
by lightso. It moves in a revolving fashion and does not ever seem to stop
moving even when it appears motionless.
TUESDAI: JUNE 20, 1967 11:45 P. Mo Three and a half miles south of Carlisle.
XXXXX reports seeing a brilliant white blinking light over house go-
ing north to south then banked sharply and went behind tree line" When bank-
ing over, round red glow appeared as if this were the botton of the objects
Moments later, brilliant white blinking lights appeared directly east and
at considerable distance - estimated at 7 to 10 miles (unless object was
smaller than I think)ó Blinking light then appeared to change position in a
PAINTING É SKETCH ENCLOSEO
sequence of moves and at a speed to incredibly fast to comprehendón This
flashing, blinking light then moved slowly after being stationary for approx-
5 minutes, south to north for a short time• It then turned west and came to-
ward my house, still at considerable distance, and gaining altitude. All the
-30—

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2017, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
while the light was moving, it continued changing positions at this fantastic
speed!' As it grew closer, a red glow was apparent in the center of this move-
mento The moves were so fast that the Illusion of lightbeing traced in the
pattern was evident. The object continued on a westerly course and leveled
off at considerable height (perhaps as much as 9000 [t*)*. When over Carlisle
proper, the flashing stopped,' and a constant red glow was apparent as the object
continued west and out of sight: At 11:52 P. Mo. another larger object appear-
ad from the east, rising from below the tree line and following the same flight
plan as the first objecto The same speed of flashing white lights occured - and
at times appeared as If these white lightswere moving away: from a central red
glow and then back again at the same terrific:speed. The second object;, as the
first,, stopped Flashing when over Carlisle, except for a brilliant white light
above and in: front of 4 red glowing tubes. (Painting and sketch enclosed) 3:
The second object went due west until out of sighto These sightings: were
made with 7 1:35 binoculars, sky quite and bright. A friend using 10 X 50
binoculars: observed these same objects with me They both crossed approxo. 45
degrees above the horizon at their maximum height,, and the size is hard to
estimate. If each is one object having. a
series of lights:attached,, and yaw-
ing,, and fluttering, then the size of the second objeat would be classed as
huge.! It appeared as if each light was one object changing positions at this:
great speed!. We also had noticed that directly east from my house, there
appeared to be a great glow and bright light visible through the trees? After
the second object was gone, the light was gone from the tree line". I have
since checked the area, and talked with one of the farmers, who tells me that
no one there has any light except one reddy light. (Which is: quite dim and
insignficant in comparison"to the brightness we had previously seerr.)
-31-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 389, "chars": 2655, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V
6/2
Washington 6, D. C.
JUL 10
1967
REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS) mi
This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
ssued magazine or in another publication.
please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.
1.
Place of Employment
Lect
Occupation
Housewife.
Social rantin
GRAdUATe- High School-
Military Service
РАтиінт
2.
3.
Date of Observation QuNE
NC1 274-70-9776=
1967
JuNe.27
PR- 1477
Locality of Observation
June 274
Corespande.
PM
10:20
Time Zone EASTERN
10.20 Till-2pn
9:25P.
= Recherka
7.
8.
How long did you see the object? 277h - 2 has
20-mir.on June 2oTh.
Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. NiTeTime -CLEAR -
Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. IT- WAS- NORTh-WeST-of. The MooN-
If seen at night, twilight, or down, were the stars or moon visible? yES -
Were there more than one object? No - If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
direction of movement, if any.
9.
Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving,
Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.
PAgE-II -
10.
11.
Wes the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes-
If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Noon, headlights, etc. - A. BRighT-PieRcing-LighT.
12. Did the objects) -
(Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
Appear to stand still at any time? Yes-IT-STAyed-in-ONe-SPIT-But -IT-WAS-
d.
b.
c.
d.
e.
f.
g-
h.
i.
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? yes
Rerolving -As-ir.strod-still
Broak up into parts or explode? No
Give off smoke?
Leave any visible trail? No
Drop anything? N
Change brightness? No -
Change shape?
Change color? BLiNKing OFF ON-Lights.
13.
Did theobjects) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc, if possible. ye =
Page -2.
14.
Was there any wind?
If so, please give direction and speed.
15.
16.
No.
Did you observe the objects) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening,
yes.
What? ColoRed- Section -ON-Top-y-My-CAR-Wind shield-
Did the objects) have any sound?
What kind?
How loud?
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
Explained -on-Page-It.
b.
Fuzzy or blurred.
Like a bright star. - BRighTER-ThaN 7- STaR-
Shacalk autlined

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 3069, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Was the object —
b.
Self-luminous?
Dull finish?
Reflecting?
-Ir. seemed-To-RefLECT-ITs-LighTs -
d.
Transparent?
19. Did the objects) rise or fall while in motion? Side-Way-marior-Zig-zAg-Hovered.
20.
Tell the apparent size of the objects) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
a.
Pinhead
b.
Pea
d.
Nickel
Haif dollar
c.
Dime
Silver dollar
h.
i.
Orange
Grapefruit LARGER - 16'×5'-
- EGG-SHAPEO
Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
How did you happen to rice the objecte? My-NeighBeRs-WeRC-All-OuT.iN-The-yARd-Lour.
AT-IT- wher-I-CAne.
Where ware your and what were you doing at the time The PoRch-I-SAW.I.
- AT-Home
How did the object(s) disappear from view?
JUST-LOOKiNg - AT-IT.
see- Moved-slowley. up-ANd-AwAy-
Compare the speed of the objects) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. IT-moved-SLowLey-
Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
1-SAW-PLANeS. PASS OVER-To-The-SOuTh-BuT-IT-STAyEd -IN-The-SAme-'n
Please estimate the distance of the objoct(s).
What was the elevation of the objects) in the sky? n
Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
<-16'
20-20 FeeT.
16'×5
Vamos and addresses of other witnesses, if any.
gg-Shaped
Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position; the diraction from which the obies)
appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
T.V. TOWERS
-L
MOUNTAIN
WESTi
OBJE
WH.P
Radio.
my-House.
X/
TOWER-RIAd
30.
Is there an airport, military, govemmental, or research installation in the area? NoT-ThAT-I-KNow-oF.
31. Have youseonother objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a soperate shast of paper.
Please enciose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and
date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.
33.
Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state
the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.
Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any recsons or official orders mentioned? Please
elaborate carefully. No -
34.
We should like permission to quate your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible
citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, If you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note
your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the farm, for our own confidential
files. Thank you for your cooperation.
You may use my name.
(x)
Please keep my name confidential. ()
35.
Date of filling out this report: June 28-1967
Signature:
M...

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ED LIGHT
WHITE
LIGHTS
JUNE 20,1962
16-
SUMMERDALE, PA SiGHTiNG
Close RAnge SIghTiN9
N.I. C. A. P.
bode 732-9354
• GEORGE B. COOK, Carinos
EMITTED HIGH PITCHED HUM
ESTiMATED WITE TO
20 To 30 Persons
Sat-lavestigation Commitise
Pa. Uni: #4
This obJect CapTured on BMm movie Film
3 Glaracad Dr. o, Corap Hill, Pa. 17011
Film Turned over T.
of versing felt bang
BODY COLOR - SILVER
RED LIG
REFLECTIVE TYPE RIM WITH LIGHTS SHINING DOWNWARD
==
==
