{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T12:01:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5222606, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/126952-michelin-man-case-france-december-12-1977-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "db90fac2e01db97c58812c76a1d8b754344ec4e62bfd920e4c79cc3f4bacae38"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 597, "chars": 3547, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
but be lagn but
4 VANILLU
the ground (he was not in contact with the UFO at any time) he then
noved towards the left side, always in a side-on position,
rose up along
the left side and come back to his original position and then back
inside the craft. No door or any aperture was seen by the witness.
During this slow manoeuver the humanoid's limbs remained
motionless, and he was always in an upright position.
There was no
ladder or staircase visible. A few seconds passed, and then the motor
noise was heard again.
The UFO rose vertically, made a slight curve away
from the original position, travelled across the Secondary Road No.660
and landed again 150 meters away, on the ground after having grazed a
grove of trees at a distance 10 meters from the road and
150 meters from
the house.
The noise of the motor stopped as it landed. Ite colour,
shape and
brightness remained identical.
The UFO stayed in this position
for about two minutes then rose up and disappeared behind a group of trees.
There was no moon in the starry sky, no clouds or wind that
evening.
said, when the craft moved from one spot to the other
it rose to
12 ~ 15 meters above the ground.
The entire sighting
lasted about ten minutes, and there was only one witness.
Her father and
mother didn't arrive home till after the sighting at about 19.00hours.
There was no physical or psychical effects observed by the witness during
the sighting.
The humanoid was seen very distinctly. He had a kind of
diving suit on covering his entire body. There was no other apparatus on
his body, except his head seemed to be a sort of big cube, provided with
a dark pane of glass, placed on a very short neck.
His diving suit was
was grey, while his head or (helmet) was white-
Details of NINE tracks
greyish,
and dented or"rolled". The body or
in second landing.
limbs were"rolled". (see drawing). The legs were
5.00м.
very long in respect. to the body, but the arms
2-40
2:60
were more in proportion to the body. Chantal
thinks when the humanoid rose slightly over his
craft he was no more than a meter away. He seemed
to move within the arua
or the light given off
from the vehicle.
His'diving-suit' was not
bright but appeared to be unpolished. He moved
round his craft in a state of weightlessness.
6м
0%
He remained motionless, his legs didn't walk
like ours as he seemed
to slide in the grass.
The brightness or halo from the craft accord-
1
ing to the investigators did not exceed more than
Ton terned towards the witness however he
When the being rose from the Uro
moved in a profile position down and around the
2:00
2•40
craft, the quarter turn neceggary to acomptien
1•80
1•30
this was not noticed by
but she recalled
5:80
on each hand.
perfectly that she had seen LIVE normal fingers
At the
firat landing spot witnesse's father noticed only
two imprints,
but
the grass was 25 ems high - so thio, would explain that.
Iwo roofing tiles had been placed on these tracko by Chantal's father the
next day, and investigators could see the faded grass under the tiles, as
if this part had undergone intense heat.
At the second landing spot,
NINE prints were noted by Chantal,
her father and mother and other creditable witnesses.
These were 1cm.
deep and 20 x 25 cms., comprised of little squares:
(see Diagm) The follow-
ing sketches and measurements were made by Chantal's father.
Later
investigators made similar calculations and measurements. DETAILS Of' NINE
TURN SIE OrE
MICHELIN 2
TRACKS
MARKInGS
SHAPE CE
CRAFT
TYRE-TYPE
)ne
0022
BEING-
< 0205
IMPRINT
ground ex'essesettin

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 588, "chars": 3560, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ing. It took them 5 minutes walk (maximum) to top of the embankment,
either way.
Assuming it was
about 5 minutes before they left the house
to 1ook for the dog, and 10 minutes watching the craft on the ground (1
think this time factor is questionable, I would say much less time was
involved) this would account for 25 minutes of time.
Assuming they spent about 10 minutes discussing the event
after they returned to the house (again, I think this is over-estimated)
about 30minutes plus or minus!
on vanuary 25tn alter I had been back in Rhodesia for a week
Lindsay phoned to say that Meagan had now agreed to undergo hypnosis, but
only if I was present at the same time.
I phoned through to her
immediately pointing out that it was too expensive for me to fly down
again, but that I could arrange for a reliable psychiatrist to do the
regression, and she has agreed.
I am not sure when
this will be done, but I am hoping to
have a full report of that available in the near future.
looked at the clock at 10 minutes to midnight and at
5 minutes to one,
a total time of 65 minutes.
Time accounted for? 35mins
plus or minus.
Time unaccounted for, 30minutes.?
Quezet as it stands.
In the meantime, I present the case of Meagan and Andre
• more same
CE3K_ IAL ERANCE, NEAR BAMPIEUX DEC.1977.
Translated
cummeniced
ana
SAnT
France. Special permission
Director of LoD.L.N,
from
a report printed
une
Las
Issue
Yunteres Dans La Nuit" Mar. 79
No. 183. Address "Les Pins, 43400, Le Chambon-sur-Lignon, France.
-------
Investigators: MM. Ro & Ph. Darnauguilhem :-
---- " This case occurred Triday
12th. December 1977,
between 18.15hrs and 18.45 hrs, at 'Fontfauret'
, close
to Rampieux Village in the Dordogne Department.
The witness a young 12-year-old school in GEoG. of Beaumont-
du-
Fat
is
family, neighbours and the vicar.
nel
well considers her to be "unable
to hoax her friends"
II It
Is a hoax then all the family would be
involved, and that isn't possible, according to Father Fournel, as they
are all considered to be a serious and sincere family.
When the incident was reported, Gendarmes of Beaumont-du-
Perigord made some enquiries but
soon stated that they were not interested.
Father Fournel who knows the family very well, believed the story and
contacted investigators of "Lumieres Dans La Nuit" who made the investigat-
As the sighting report became known to numerous people in the
area, some who don't believe in UFOs made unfair criticisms of the family
with the result now, Chantel -X, her father and mother have decided not
to mention the incident any more.
However the story is as follows:-
XX-X had finished her homework in her mother and Father's
kitchen, she went to the window which looks out onto a great field to put
up the shutters.
On ki truste window she saw a large object
coming from the south to south-west direction.
The object was about 7m
long, and 2.50 m to 3m high, it was shaped like an egg with the two
extremities
flattened. It
was bright red in colour and moved at a very
slow speed (about 20kms/hr.) and passed over a line of trees at the far
end of the field.
The object landed on the ground near the trees about
75meters away from the house.
Before it landed, l
heard an engine noise like a
normal running 203 Peugeot car, as it landed the noise stopped.
The colour of the object was similar to rear lights of a
truck, - a very vivid red. The constant brightness covered the object
completely in a uniform manner and showed off the
smooth outline of the
craft.
A few minutes later a strange being rose up out of the top of
