{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:59:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 101826, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127175-oklahoma-1961-ufo-sighting-and-landing-report.pdf", "source_sha256": "60102cf85b0d295a8f522ec181419e72f7443095fa35b1381a6e5954f5dfcc28"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 751, "chars": 4344, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Since the letter was unsigned, we could not find
out further particulars of this incident, such
as
the date and whether the witness saw the vehicle
depart. While this may make the whole account
doubtful, it should be noted that the area in question
experienced a rash of sightings in 1965-67 - - HCH.)
"Thank you for putting on the symposium and |
feel if people knew more about this perhaps they
wouldn't be
as scared as I was at the time.
A point of interest: the southeastern part of Okla-
homa is a scenic part of the state with the beautiful
Kiamichi Mountains
and
the Quachita National
Forest, where in 1960 one of the most interesting
UFO
cases reported to the Bureau came from
Stigler.
Mrs. Maxine Hayes and Mrs. Barbara Lewis were
driving their car from Stigler enroute home when
they observed a silver-looking object at very close
range. As the UFO got closer to them, they noticed
that their car was being lifted about 18 inches off
the road, and being moved over to the left side.
"The object descended, looking at first like a star
with a streak of light"
, reported Mrs. Hayes. "But
then we saw it resembled a silver saucer, with
revolving lights around the middle of its round-
shaped body. It
got slower the nearer it got to
earth, and the nearer we got ot it. Then suddenly
it started pulling our car to the left side of the
highway. It seemed we were floating on our tires.
I couldn't do anything to move the car myself but
the speedometer registered up to 110 miles an hour,
so I took my
foot off the accelerator. Then the
car seemed to drop back on the highway.
"When this happened the object was 12 to 18 feet
above a tree, which was near a telephone pole. It
didn't budge at first but then it started to move
slowly away, I'd say at about 20 miles per hour.
It had some sort of legs out and when it went down
behind the trees, it lit up the trees on both sides
of the field: The most beautiful lights I have ever
seen. The place was about three miles from the
tower of McCurtain -- there's an old coal mine
there -- where it landed. And that's the last we
saw of it."
Mrs. Hayes told Bureau officials the time was,
"about one hour before dark. The sky was clear
and a few stars were already out." Describing
the UFO further,
she stated,
"It started to fall
like a star, only it wasn't a star at all.
"I know it sounds impossible, but I really saw
this object."
Five years later and only a few miles from Stigler
on July 26, 1965, five persons observed a UFO at
Hartshorne, Oklahoma. Mrs. Altaclair Morgan told
Bureau officials "the UFO sat hovering over the
trees just about 500 feet from our home." Bureau
investigators in a nationally publicized field investi-
gation found after close scrutiny of the area, that
in all, 104 residents admitted sighting. a UFO in a
nine-month period. Tape interviews were made of
the testimony of 28 of the witnesses, including the
chief of police and the Hartshorne postmaster.
In some instances UFO's were sighted at tree-top
level and flashing red lights.
Six years later on September 4, 1971, R.J. Rankin
was to observe a UFO landing in his field. "I
lay down and looked out and saw a peculiar light.
Then, as it got closer, I saw that it wasn't a plane.
It appeared like a round object, then the thing
came down in this open field. I jumped up, told my
wife as I headed for the front room, 'Look out there!
What is that thing?' We ran outside as the thing
took off. My wife said, That's a funny looking
thing!""
By this time the UFO was approximately 10 feet
off the ground and going up.
Speaking to International UFO Bureau investiga-
tors standing where the craft landed, Rankin said,
"I don't have any idea what it was then, and I
don't know now." He estimated the craft to be
intelligently controlled as it landed softly. "It
didn't come down hard enough to leave any tracks.
"It was a glowing light at first. It looked bluish-
red and had places in it all the way around it
that looked like windows."
Rankin estimated the craft to be approximately
8-10 feet in diameter and about four feet high.
"It was on the ground maybe 15 - 20 seconds. It
didn
whe
Th
70 г
sam
took
Mr
of L
Smil
"It
said
of tl
hour
"Is
east
man
with
over
Bot
light
a boc
lost:
Is
The
over
serv
alien
incid
UFO
the F
the m
It al
In
t
"A Spi
smoot
moon
a con
space
Now,
from l
The
a mi
(Feb.
rock
Soviet
16
