{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T13:44:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1476135, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127372-jack-pickett-interview-transcript-internal.pdf", "source_sha256": "dff9398fe74c7e578b3db4346a7521f7ad343ba722786d975bc478cdb48c9dda"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XXXXXX
Sent from the Internet (DetailS)
Mike
Thanks for the images. This is the transpcript for the inteview with Jack
which we have just had transcribed. This is just for you and not for
going to be available until we have finished the film as we
distribution otherwise half of us will lose our jobs. A vis get all the
NTSC transfers done in bulk when we have finished. I hope you dont mind
Jack mentions a Lt Col. He aslo mentions a sergeant, who I assume is the
master sergeant of the NCO you quote him talking about.
Did you you have the names for any of the titled officer he mentioned to
SAUCERMEN - TAPE 10
Interview - XXXXXXXXX
Note: Audio begins as conversation is underway - beginning of the interview
is missing.
Int: Iell me again what he told you about the capabilities of the craft and
how they took off and landed.
J: What I asked him about the capabilities of the craft, he had told me that
- could ask nim any question 1 want and he would either give me the answer
or he wouldnit. So I asked him how many of these they had built and his
answer was that they had sufficient quality and I said, ëfor what use?i and
he said efor every aircraft we have in the airforce we were designing one of
thesei.
And I said including spyplanes?i he says, ëyes, we overflew(?) Russia with
them but you canit print thatí.
So he began to talk about it, I asked him how fast were these aircraft. He
says, ëwell we achieved space flighti. I said, ewell thatís over fifteen
thousand and five hundred miles an hour to get into space and he says, eyes
youire righti. He says, ewe could have gone into orbit if weid had a
different power source but we didnit. So we didnit achieve that.
Here I am all of a sudden hearing about aircraft that are going fifteen
thousand miles an hour. So I asked him,
*how in the world did you get into
it that fast, back, in?í and he told me have I ever thrown a flat rock
across a body of water and watched it skip? And I said, eyesi. He says,
ëwell thatis how we bring them back in over the atmosphereí. He said, ëthese
take off horizontally and land horizontallyí and are not linited by any
place we fly over the world with. The range was enormous too but you can
imagine an aircraft forty foot across, how much gasoline, water and fuel
weire using. Doug(?) and I asked him about that speed and he said, ewell for
the purpose of this magazine, letis just say it exceeds mark one. I said,
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3301, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• AOL.COM | Message View
Page 2 of 11
ëwell thatís nowhere near what itis doing and he said, ëI know but it will
do for what we need
at this time.i
And he had told me to ask him any kind of a question that I thought of and,
in the
same way you have questions Iím sure, thatís what I asked him.
Int: Did they ever leave you in the room alone, Jack?
J: Yes, one time when I come back in to pick up the article which is another
Int: How many times did you go into that room to 1o0k at the stuff?
J: I went into the room for three days, for interviews and each time we
would go over
what we had discussed the day before and any new questions and
in I kept asking about certain aspects of it and he says ewe wonít go into
that, Iím going to furnish all that information to you in the article that I
will provide for youi. He had me draw up a dummy of the magazine with the
sizes and everything that the space was going to be and the time I was
there, there was military guards right outside the door. He was just
friendly and nice, he wasnit backward at all. He was insistent that these
had been the ultra top secret aircraft ever built and their secrecy exceeded
that of the Manhattan project. I believed him.
Int: Who was going to choose the pictures for the articles?
J: The articles for the pictures he was leaving to my choice. He spread many
many many photographs out there and he let me go through them singly and
pick them all up and I did. It took me a considerable length of time because
that table was full of them. I didnit pick each one of them up but I picked
pictures of these aircraft in flight, pictures of them in formation, I
picked pictures of them parked of them on the runway, of all different
camouflage, plain aluminum looking. Some of them were like the hunter green
of the army and I just kept at it and kept picking them up and he says,
ëwell when you get the pictures you want and the number of pictures of them
you want in the magazine, I will stamp all of themi. He says,
ëyouive got to
identify them as official US Air Force photographs and we will pick the spot
in the magazine where theyire going to be identifiedi He left the choice
entirely up to me.
Except he would not let me have the pictures of the craft
that crashed at Roswell.
Int: Was he prepared to let you take any stuff from the room?
J: As far as taking any of that from the room, I was not allowed to take
anything during those three days. At the end of each interview I had to turn
back everything I had, including the notes that I had made. He says weill
get around letting you have all of this to write this article but in the
meantime we donit want you to take anything out of here. Thatis the way it
was, it was tight security.
Nhen I was finally ready to give him a dummy copy of the magazine I showed
ou, for his section was going to be, he asked mel
As I mentioned they wouldnit let me take anything out of that room and he
asked me to write a dunny of the article that I had proposed and taken this
information from the notes and they would clarify that and letöthey would
cewrite it and then give it back to me to take to the printer. So I couldnit
take anything out of there at all and it wasnit until the article had to go
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SUSCT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3164, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* AOL.COM | Message View
Page 3 of 11
to press that he told me eweill let you take all of this direct to the
printer then bring the magazines back to us and weill go from there.i
Int: He was saying that once the magazine was printed youid have to take it
back for final approval. Was that the case?
J: He told me that the Air Force would have final approval on everything
content, all the advertisements, everything . They would give me a final
back to me to take it to the printer to be
printed, on distribution I had to bring the printed magazine back to them,
they in turn would give me the copies I needed for my advertisers and they
cire hat to mati went distributing coat hai
I had nothing to do with the distribution, the air force controlled it
entirely. So I had to the magazine back to them in its finished form. They
had final editorial approval on all of it.
Int: Did you take the dummy copy of the magazine to them?
J: On the dummy copy of the magazine, I did make one out and I had a dummy
of the article that I was writing too and I presented all of it to him, He
ëok you come back tomorrow and we will have this all readyi. I had
already got the photographs picked and he had them right there in front of
him, he says, éhereís a stamp, weíll stamp them for you and you can goi that
night. And I left the base, anticipating getting all that in the morning
because I was on short deadline, had to get them to the printer and get that
thing printed immediately the next day.
nat night there was a uro over Miamı,
't tight there wa media. happened to see it myself on tV. It really nac
publicity and they were
interviewing the air force and the air force was
denying any knowledge of that type of aircraft.
ore had danted any owl da my such alterate, So tin
my way tot he base to pick up pictures of flying saucers to put on one of
their magazines. Iíve got this newspaper in one hand, and ready to get all
thatÖwhen I got into the office I said, here I brought thisi and he says,
ëyeah weire aware of that, in fact weíve been talking about ití. ëHe says
I
think weite going to have to double check before we release this right nowí..
Because I mentioned that in the article the airforce is denying anything to
these aircraft and within a week youire going to have an NCO
magazine, Flying Saucers
for real all over the front cover - your own flying
He says he knew which aircraft had been seen, that it had taken off
from Avon Park and Avon Park doesnit have regular runways. The discs I was
looking at were all horizontal shaped. That had to be a VTOL, vertical take
off and landing aircraft out of Avon Park of some version I didnit know
anything about. He said he knew what the aircraft was, it was one of their
newer versions and he says ëlím not going to tell you anything about it
except it got down to treetop level and almost lost control and right at the
last minute it regained control and went straight up on side (?)
He says, ewe will never admit that
we will have that aircraft. Those were
his exact words. When he came back in he said, excuse me and he was gone at
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT|g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 676, "chars": 3841, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
* AOL. COM | Message View
Page 4 of 11
least thirty minutes. 1 And he come back in and began picking up the pictures
and I knew that the story was dead right then and there.
Int: In England we have an expression where we say, el was really kicking
myselfi over something that I shouldnit have said. The moment you showed
that to him, showed him the newspaperöwere you thinking eoh no I shouldnit
have said that?i
J: When I mentioned to him that I had this newspaper about this flying
saucers I went through that and asked him the questions he told me about the
other and said ewell excuse me just a minutei and they came back and said,
ëweíve decided that this is not the time and in the best interest of the air
force I kicked myself for having asked that question because I knew that
story was dead right then. But he almost saved it, he said emaybe in a month
or two weill come out with it. I said ëlím happy to publish any information
you want from these aircraft, of any size. He said, ëthe magazine is small,
thatis exactly what we contemplated for this particular releasei. I told
him, ewell my partner and I make our living doing these magazines on base as
rou know and we cannot publish anything in there without your ok or anythin
hat will cause you embarrassment or flap. He had already mentioned every
time there was a UFO incident it tied up their phone lines and everything
else. He called it a flap.
So we donit want to do anything to get our own contract cancelled, so you
let me know if you want this next one and weill be happy to do it. And I
left it at that
didnit realise at the time that shortly thereafter they reclassified them
and the official policy became that this aircraft did not exist. Iíve talked
to a lot of people who are convinced that there never was such a thing as a
flying saucer in America. Yet Iíd touched them, felt the aluminum skin or
whatever it was. I kicked tires on one of them and I saw all those pictures
and he gave me all the information. I knew what flying saucers were. So I
lost interest in following the UFO
stuff because heid also been pretty
emphatic in showing me proof that there was no such things as aliens or
alien spaceships.
That was about
it for that but I did regret saying what I did at the time
because he was ready to hand me those pictures.
Int: why were those craft there?
J: When I asked him where the aircraft had come
from he said eweive brought
them in form the states and this is that last of themi. I think maybe theyid
brought seven aircraft into McDill(?) Theyid scrapped everything except
those four. He told me they were scrapping that particular version and were
replacing it with another one. As I mentioned the reason they were replacing
it when I asked them how come, he said, ewell weive got a better one that
has less maneuverability problems. They brought them into McDill to scap
then. There was a scrap heap right there and when I was down there with that
sergeant I walked around the scrapheap and saw pieces of the ten foot
drums (?) cut up there as well as some
other, I couldnit tell what they were.
They were scrapping and doing away with them and were evidently going to a
different version entirely. I asked him about those and he says, ewell our
intent as far as I know was that they will be taken to the US air force
museum and weill open up so that American people can see what these flying
saucers were really capable of. I said, and they outflew everything and he
says, ëyes there wasnit anything that could touch theseí. At the end when he
decided to kill the article he said that the next time anyone will see these
it will be one of our space vehicles. Conicidentally I happened to go to
Savannah Georgia what was then the Savannah army airfield. They had built
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SUSCT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 3818, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AOL. COM | Message View
Page 5 of 11
the opy that senora patter bad captured at avenget an
showed me Pattenís memoirs and I found out since that there was the American
bomber that they were getting ready to launch against us but I aksed this
guy at Savannah, what kind of aircraft do we have that needs this big a
runway. He says, ewell this is really our first space station facility. This
is where the warehousing and our incoming and outgoing space vehicles will
be and I said ewhere, to the moon? To orbit? Planets? Where are we going?í
He says ëthis is the first facility like that. Itis still there and I think
itís one of the reasons they never closed Savannah. The united states air
force is no longer, itis Hunter army airfield. I think thatis one of the
reasons it didnit close down - because of that runway down there.
E close down -because of
The runway at the end that Patten had captured had a kind of ski jump
sloping up and Russia and Britain both copied that on their aircraft
carriers, we didnit because it allows them to launch heavier and bigger
aircraft off the carriers. It was very interesting that here Iím on a runway
scheduled for our own space vehicles and we didnit have one. He says we
donit have ours yet and to my knowledge they have never flown ofí of there
but itis for horizontal space take off vehicles rather than the shuttle that
we have now.
Int: You were left with a hole in your magazine. What did you do?
he told me that they were going to not release that right then and
he began picking everytning up, 1 oi course, had a magazine ready to go to
press that didnit have filler in it. So I had to go back over to the club
and I had him take polaroid pictures on - Iive got a copy of the substitute
we made of it. It was ok butöhe was very disappointed because heíd been so
proud his club had been selected by the air force to release the story about
our flying saucers. I keep using the term flying saucers because thatís what
Int: When he left that room before he told you that the article was
cancelled, who did he go to - to ask for permission or non permission?
J; When I showed him the copy of the newspaper I had and talked about the
big UFO sighting down in Miami he told me that they were aware of it, what
the aircraft was and where it had taken off from and that they were never
going to admit they had that kind of aircraft. He says, ewe are discussing
that nowöexcuse me Iím going to go in here and talk to some generals and
Iill be backí. And he left me there by myself. Here were all these pictures
in front of me and hereis the ones heis going
to stamp and hereis the copy
of the article heis going to give me and I havenit read any of this. But I
was under strict tight security myself and I did not take any chances ever
with any of that so I just left it sitting there. I was looking but I didnit
touch it. And came back and said, ëwell itis not in our best interests now
to do this. We called Orfan(?) 1, that was strategic air command, ewe called
the Pentagon, we called the department of the defense and we called the
Department of the Airforce, thereís a consensus that weire not going to do
that now. If this quietens down in a month or two, they may go ahead and
release it built for now, noi. And he was picking up everything including,
well he didnit pick up the reels of film because they were on the wall, he
began picking up all those photographs. He didnit ask me did I pick up a
copy of it or anything. They knew security, like I say it was under armed
miltary guard right then. So I didnít have any problem with any of it other
than I was disappointed that, my main thought right then was Iive got to go
get filler for this magazine cause líve got to go to press with this
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 617, "chars": 3350, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
** AOL.COM | Message View
Page 6 of 11
Int: Tell me about the story when you were told if you were ever stopped on
the base, donít do anything?
J: I initially began publishing for the air force and the military, I got a
call, actually a letter from Guarm(?) telling me to contact a base officer
near where I was and that was on the Navy. I went in to the air force base
says, ëyou canít do anything until we get thatí. That particular time I
didnit have a deadline that I had to meet right then. They said, weill get
this real fast and they ran a clearance on me. I found out years later, my
mother said theyid cone to my home town and gone through everything from
when I was born. They said ok, they called me back and says eyouire clear,
now I want to brief you on thisí, he says, you have one of the highest
clearances we have ever granted to a civilian publisher, in fact it is the
highest weíve ever granted to a civilian publisher.í He says, ëthe reason
for it is doing the type of magazine youire doing, youire liable to be
anywhere on this base, sometimes where youire not supposed to bei. He says,
ềwe are under heavy security and weive got this problem with Russia and
everything elsei. He says, eif you happen to be somewhere and one of our
guards sees you,
theyire going to challenge youi. And he says, eif you ever
hear one of them behind you say "jack donit move", because theyíl1 know your
nameÖí
I take that back Iíve used Jack there but he said Mr but I donít want to use
that
He says, estop what youire doing and donit turn around. Donit ask them
nothing, becausei, he says, ehe is under orders to shoot you the very first
move you makeí. He says, ënow what did I tell you?í I says eyouive told me
if líve got some place Iím not supposed to be I could get shoti. He says,
ëno that isnit what I told you, now listen againi and he told me he says,
eif you hear someone tell you to stop you halt where you are and you donit
move. Donit take another step because that guard is under orders to shoot
you the minute you do anything different. The minute you see one of them,
heis got a gun out armed, ready to firei. He says now what did I tell you?í
I says ëwell I could be under armed guard at any time ready to be shot,í he
says ëNo! that isnit what Iím telling you, I told you that if you that if
you made one move you could be shot. Now what did I tell you?i I says eyou
told me I could and would be shoti. He says, eyes and donit you forget it
r anytime youíre on one of our Air Force bases because our security wonít mess
I found out later, I got challenged twice that very way. I knew they werenit
kidding and both times one of those guards with fully cocked weapon was
right there and when they came and got me I got escorted out of that area in
a hurry.
Int: But that didnit happen with the saucers, did it Jack?
•
J: Not with the saucers, no.
They met me with an armed guard when I went over to the building when I was
with that Sergeant. The armed guard at MoDill(?), they called me over to the
office and they met me with an armed guard and escorted me into that office
I was going to.
Int: When you walked around the saucers was that just with the Sergeant or
was there an escort.
J: I didnit have an armed guard when I walked around the saucer. That
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 659, "chars": 3627, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• AOL.COM | Message View
Page 7 of 11
Lieutenant colonel had called someone and the sergeant showed up to take me
around those aircraft and also had a polaroid camera to take pictures of me
because he told me I could kick the tires on one of them. But no, I didnit
have any
armed guard down there.
Int: How long do you think just roughly, I know itis a little hard to say
but how long did you spend around the saucers?
J: The time I spent actually inspecting the saucers was at least two hours
and probably three. Then another day I went down there with that sergeant
and we spent half a day down there looking and he didnit know anything about
them at all. He tld me that as far as he knew no-one had ever been allowed
on those aircraft since the day theyid parked them down there.
I asked the colonel about it and he said theyid been pretty well restricted.
So they were still under security and had been declassified just for that
release theyid planned on doing.
Int: Did he ever say how long theyid been there?
J: As
far as how long theyid been there, the tires on all of them were flat.
When I asked him about how long theyid been there he says well theyive been
there for quite a whilei. The sergeant told me theyid been there for two or
three years. As far as getting into a specific length of time, no. Another
humorous thing, when I asked him how did these aircraft get here? He
laughed, he said, ëwell we flew them in herei. So we had to laugh about
that. But I did get to kick the tires. They were real flying saucers and
they were the most beautiful and awesome aircraft I have ever seen before or
since.
Int: Do you recall seeing any pictures of inside the cockpit?
J: I could look down and the cockpit was
small. Cause I stood up on the top:
of my car outside the fence. Once I was inside I couldnit climb up on any of
them at all. I could see that one of them had, well just like your ordinary
cockpit. I wasnit a flyer, I didnit know about cockpits other than what I
was seeing and this guyis already told me all that kind of stuff, they were
to fill in, so I really wasnit looking for the details of that other
than I did notice that they all had tricycle landing gear. One in the nose,
~ two on each side. Or one on each side and then the next size up had two
pilots or crew members and a double nose wheel and a double wheel on each
„side of the aircraft.
That big one must have had eight giant wheels and tires on either side and
Iím just guessing because I donít have the illustrations and stuff. Iím not
sure of the number but I know on the nose of that big one there were more
wheels than I have ever seen before or since on any aircraft. The closest
Iive ever come to it - I saw a newsreel once about one of our giant cargo
ships that nothing but wheels on the front end of it. This big saucer had
those wheels too. Around the outer edge of the saucers were - they all had
vertical tails and then elevators. And around the outer edge what evidently
would be the twin tubs (?) or whatever they call them and then up front there
was more and all I could do because I hadnit got into that yet, because I
never got the article, it seemed to me like those in the front were for some
kind of technical viewing of the landing field when they were taking off and
landing. It would be very hard to see down on the runways - those things.
Whatever it was, they outflew everything. I didnit get all that information
because
I didnit ask. I was told it would be another article.
Int: How many crew do you think would have flown the big one?
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SUSCT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 650, "chars": 3517, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• _AOL.COM | Message View
Page 8 of 11
J: As far as the crew numbers,
live to sea meenumberate to one and one on tee to smaller one a
But there had to be at least five to seven men. It looked like someone had
ut the fuselage in half of say a DC 6 or 7 and just plumped it down on tog
of that saucer with the cockpit right smack in the middle. It was BIG and it
looked like there was sufficient room in there to be for an isle just like
in an airplane. Because that was one big circle of an aircraft. A hundred
and seventy feet, somebody wants to see the size of aircraft, take your
water hose out and find a vacant lot and mark off fifty five feet about, and
go in a big circle and draw yourself a circle and see how big this thing
was. And to think of that flying!
Int: just to clear up, you didnit see them fly did you Jack?
J: I never saw any of the aircraft flying or even move. I didnít see the
movie reels running. They did unwind them so I could see it was an action
type shot. And I saw photographs of them flying. There was one picture that
had I estimate around fifty of them in formation flyingöthere was a whole
bunch. They were so far away they were just little tinny dots. I had
selected that picture as being one in that magazine.
J: This magazine is Non Conmissioned Officerís Club News. This particular
one is October 1967, thatís when I was going to do it. In it - it has all
the officers and hours of operation, it has the secretaryís article. Hereis
one I did - Fission Faction systemÖa picture of me in 1967! Hereís a picture
of the Sergeant who was supposed to do all the layout but he went on leave
and hereís a picture of my partner and his wife doing something out there at
the club. Hereis the calender that was done by a fourteen year old girl.
Thatis what it is - little articles and stuff as well as the advertising.
This one has twenty eight pages
in it.
Int: Show me the pages you were going to use for the Saucerö
J: The pages I was going to use for the SaucerÖhere we are right here, was
the entire center section of the magazine, a four page spread. Then the
backside of it was this one. That was going to be on it. Here was going to
be the monthly club calender reduced down to one page. That what you wanted
to know?
Int: Yeah thatis good. Show me roughly where the pictures were going to beö
J: The date, October 67 where líve got my disclaimer print. I was going to
move it on the inside. I was going to put in big bold black, FLYING SAUCERS
FOR REAL! Exclamation point. There were going to be eight official flying
saucer photographs there, there were going to be eight more on the inside of
the cover, about six on the back cover eight more on the inside of the cover
chen on the article itself either preceding that page or after like here,
vas goino to be the calendar - if was going to move the calendar over one
Iíd have put the calendar here. Here was going to be some more pictures and
on the, just before the calender was going to be more so there was enough
for a considerable number of pictures - all official. And they let me pick
them all out.
Int: How many words of copy was there going to be?
J: I have no idea because I never saw the finished article and I forget on
he four page spread actually they had three pages and more if they needer
t. Cause I had twenty eight pages here that I could do what I wanted for
them. And because of that article I was willing to give them the space that
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 542, "chars": 3040, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• AOL.COM | Message View
Page 9 of 11
theyid need. Youid have to measure it up. These are eight by tens and they
got inch borders, a half inch on each side.
Int: letis look at the photographs now.
J: These areÖthe officer showed me all kind of pictures. He went to files
and let me go through them. These are computer copies of some of the ones
that I saw. This particular one is that forty foot one that became known as
the Flying Saucer, the first time. Itís also
the one kicked the tires of
back then. Hereís
one of the twenty foot version. Remember these are
computer shots but I saw pictures similar to this. Here is one of the big
ones on the ground. Here is one of the big ones flying. And here it is with
Chase aircraft jets escorting it. Hereis one of the small ones. Then here is
a picture of the hundred foot one. This one had ten foot draums (?) that it
carried. Ihey were radio controlled and air controlled and they were nuclear
capable too. Here are the ones that they could fly the aircraft at over
fifteen thousand miles an hour, so high into space and get to that target;
release those
radio controlled flying bombs with pinpoint accuracy that the
target would never know we were coming and be gone. Here this one is, I
think this is a forty foot one. Itis pictured with jets. The real pictures I
saw inside, there were just hundreds of photographs and these are a few of
Int: Tell me why those photographs were created.
J: The reason these computerised copies were made is I am not an artist, I
canit draw these things so a man who was very interested in this decided he
wanted to get some so he kept, over the period of a year, would send me
letters and drawings and stuff and I would reject all of then - they were
nowhere near what it should be. He finally come up with almost this exact
thing only in his hand drawing and
stuff so he decided to go ahead and make
comptuer images of them and they turned out perfect. Those look exactly like
the aircraft that I walked around and they look like the pictures of the
aircraft. Theyire really significant, same way here. These look like the
aircraft, Iook like the ones in flight. And that one 1o0ks like that little
one, the ten, twenty foot one. And hereis the one that looked like the one I
kicked the tires of. This is where heís depicting how it was declassified.
He computerised it here for this article. Incidentally this whole thing has
been sent to the Air Force, has been sent to Vice President Cheney, sent to
secretary Simpson, itís been to the Department of Defence, everything. Every
bit of this has been sent, including to the historical archives at the
American Heritage center in Wyoming. Ihereis that one I just showed you.
Int: What was the reaction from them?
J: No-one that I have ever met had the experience I had up close with these.
front of the file in the Historical Archives.
Int: Youive been trying for years to try and get the Military to come clean
on their existence.
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SUSCT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 479, "chars": 2870, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
' AOL. COM | Message View
Page 10 ot 11
J: I have tried to get the Government to release the full story about our
flying saucers ever since I found they were still classified or else, and
hell because of National Security. All I knew they had been declassified.
That was in 1967. I did nothing on it until 1982 upon inquiry from UFO
people.
I started to double check and I found out that they were
reclassified or they were seized up on National Security. You couldnit get
anything on them. So gradually piece by piece I began to get certain things
from the government that they would release to be - because they would check
and found out that they had. I was the guy theyid selected to release the
initial story. And of course they doniti lose touch with any of that so I
had to get to the right people. It took time and a lot of telephone calls
and everything else, including I had to get into the Department of Defence
Secretaryís Office, into the Pentagon and into the Department of the
Airforce. I had to get into Offord(?) Airforce base and even had to get into
strategic - this new satellite outfit..
Int: Air Conmand.
J: Yeah. Strategic air, whatever. They didnit want to tell me anything. I
got letters Iron Admiral Charles, theyive since changed that now. But it was
Offord(?) and this secrecy. And when people see this stuff, if theyíre open
minded at all and hear what happened they realise that truth is much more
interesting than fiction and itis awesome - these aircraft, nothing flew
like these and to this day we donit know of anything that flew like it. But
Iím pretty sure some of our Stealth aircraft equal these but theyire not
going to release their maximum stuff either. It took twenty five years
before we found out that we had them!
Int: They gave you an indication that these craft were being scrapped
because they were developing newer and better craft. That was in 1967 and
itís now 2004. Itis been a long time since 1967, who knows what theyive got
flying there.
J: I have no idea what they have developed now. I get hints of what theyire
developing and probably a lot more than
usual because of my background on
these. But I know we are trying for space shuttles with horizontal take off.
I know theyire under development, I know they have a runway for them in
Savannah, Georgiao
In 1967 when I first found out about these aircraft I asked and they told me
that they were being scrapped, that the last four were sitting down thee in
Tampa. And they were being scrapped and when they asked why he told me they
were being scrapped because they had built better ones and with
maneuverability problems. I have no idea what it is weive developed since. I
got the declassification on project Silverbugö.
END OF TAPE
----- Original Message
-----
From: <AURORACAD5@aol.com>
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder=SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 446, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sent: Friday, April 02, 2004 5:59 PM
Subject: X
Xaocuments
…'XXXXXXXXX
>
low are you? I hope all is well. I'm not sure if you copied these
locuments when you interviewed Jack. Attached, please find a few of Jack's
original requests for the photos. This is just a very SMALL sample from my
archives.
>
Looking forward to receiving the video.
>
>
>
VVV
Regards
X
X
xx
XXXXXX
http://webmail.aol.com/fmsgview.adp?folder-SU5CT1g=&uid=8814348
4/4/2004
