{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-09T20:41:20Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 60, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 21116220, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304424519650242, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127374-ufos-over-europe-1943-1948-foo-fighters-by-mark-ian-birdsall.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541207100000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/127374-ufos-over-europe-1943-1948-foo-fighters-by-mark-ian-birdsall.pdf", "source_sha256": "34fa5802a11b863b0c1c591a237725bcdd34b8403baa3e4727f2ff7bfe00a719"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 71, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GHOST
ROCKETS
FOO FIGHTERS
UFO'S OVER EUROPE 1943-48
MARK IAN BIRDSALL

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 429, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
REFERENCES AND NOTES
IT IS ADVISABLE THAT THE REFERENCES AND NOTES CONTAINED IN THIS
RESEARCH PAPER ARE GIVEN YOUR TOTAL ATTENTION WHEN CONSIDERING
IT IS SUGGESTED THEREFORE, THAT THE READER CONTINUALLY UPDATES
INITIAL CONTENT WITH DATA FOUND IN THE REFERENCE/NOTES
SECTION.
ESPECIALLY FROM SERVING
INTERESTED IN THE CONTENT.
MARK IAN BIRDSALL,
QUEST PUBLICATIONS,
RESEARCH SECTION,
12, MILES HILL STREET,
LEEDS, L57 2EQ
ENGLAND

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2327, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
The phenomenon known as 'Foo Fighters' and 'Ghost Rockets' has for many years, been
regarded as the original predecessors to the modern era of the UFO enigma [1]. In
over forty years little has been learned of the true nature or origin of the above
named subject. A few authors have sought emotional explanations, whilst others
simply believe that the pre-1947 observations were merely natural earthly
manifestations; or generally the two categories combined. Predominantly, civilians
working in this specialist field, have for some time ignored relative and
substantiated evidence.
This evidence is without doubt available, both in historical research papers and
captured second world war German military documentation. Many potentials lie behind
these two phenomenon, but it is my contention that most of the reports have indeed
conventional, yet remarkable explanations, based upon the revelations that the
Nazi's had in their possession a variety of airborne 'weaponry' which could
stimulate certain visible features - many of which given they were viewed today,
would fall within the framework regarded as UFO's. This persistence of vision would
During the later part of the Second World War, many Allied and Axis military
personnel (in particular air force pilots and ground anti-aircraft crews) observed
luminous aeroforms many of which were placed in the unidentified category. Towards
the end of the 1940's (1946-1949) hundreds of unusual missile shaped objects were
Belief plays a major role in the research of UFO phenomenon. Cluttered with fantasy
and a gross lack of time and monies this failure has often hindered any kind of real
investigation into these two "mysteries". Persuaded by the void pertaining to no
real study of our own technological capabilities and skills in terms of aviation and
space travel, UFO researchers decided to project a relationship with odd occurrences
in WWII; these are namely unusual airborne sights; and whilst admitting a
paradoxical state of affairs, I cannot help feel that much vital evidence has been
sadly ignored. The study of war is perhaps more complex than most could imagine (or
for that matter would care to imagine); an investigation into rapid developments and
deployments of new born weaponry emerging from desperate war-weary nations, does not
Page 1

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2406, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
compete in terms of the 'magical' nature and concept of unidentified flying objects
(UFO's).
However, it has been noticeable that an acceleration has begun relating to the
analysis of both the Foo Fighter and Ghost Rocket phenomenon, the result being an
the vastness of military/scientific breakthroughs which simply litter that frantic
time period between 1938 - 1947 has not. Identification of the majority of these two
peculiar subjects has often been ignored, and this is extremely unfortunate. For to
allow ourselves the freedom and liberty to 'generate' such sweeping statements as
'advanced alien craft' or natural phenomenon, one must first base that theory or
hypothesis on the understanding of what weaponry and technology had already been
achieved in 1945 [3]. It is simply not scientific to dismiss the suggestion that a
ready answer to these phenomenon, may already have been found by our own military
personnel - way back in 1945.
To establish and determine the nature of these lights and physical forms, particular
emphasis has been given to detailed examination of thousands of official U.S,
German, British and Scandinavian documents relating to the ultra advanced weaponry
and rocketry held by various private covert German scientific organisations prior
and during the war. That situation would be afforded an ever greater complexity-
classification, as analysis, testing and the adoption of such weaponry was now in
the factories of 'friendly nations'.
Some 'UFO' researchers have made unfortunate statements in the past regarding the
reality of such weaponry as non-existent and at design stage only. This is simply
not the case as evidence begins to emerge that towards the end of 1943, German
intelligence [realising that it would now be impossible to win a war fighting on two
fronts and against vast odds] began an intricate re-structuring of many industrial
physical and psychological weaponry and update many existing plans, and secondly -
these reports [Foo Fighter & Ghost Rocket], can be categorized as advanced
technology channelled from various secret German second world war scientific
facilities. Many of these facilities fell into the hands of Western and Eastern
block nations, as one by one, German military component and assembly lines were
overrun. This research paper places much emphasis on reality and the psychological
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 2

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 301, "chars": 1968, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The determination of Allied nations to resist the all too apparent motives of Nazi
Germany in 1939, came to a 'head' when it was learned that the Wehrmacht had entered
a new era of weaponry - some four and a half years into the bloodiest war this
planet had ever seen. By this time of course, German armed forces had overrun,
countries. The German planners and developers had already 'fashioned' many existing
occupied factories, into heavily fortified and working assembly lines. Foreign
institutes and private research centres had fallen into Nazi hands, and many key
research programmes intended to thwart the fast moving armies of Hitler, were now
Churchill and the British war-time intelligence services with a serious problem. For
some eighteen months, he and his advisors had failed to grasp that the bluffs and
the boasts that Germany had indeed developed various attack rockets and radio
controlled pilotless aircraft which could not be intercepted were true. More
The development of the V1 and the V2 (A-4) rockets began in the early 1930's and by
In terms of Germany's overall military research programmes, they formed just a part.
Development of intercept projectiles which functioned incredibly well (under test
It was close to the island of Rugen that the final testing and research facilities
of Germany's rocket programme was based- Peenemunde; yet interestingly, the future
launches of the V-weapons were to account for only a small percentage of 'Foo
Fighter' reports. These weapons were originally designed to strike at all enemy
targets, yet the guidance systems used on the rockets were incredibly poor [6].
virtually un-stoppable weapons were now being moved into France for a frightening
attack on Britain. However, it is worth remembering that the initial tests of the
V-weapons (which emanated from the Northern coastline of Germany) almost coincided
with the first sightings of the unidentified aeroforms. Safe from enemy capture, the
Page 3

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2392, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Germans tested many different types of rocket propelled craft. Yet as we will learn,
it does appear the real stimulus and initial concept, lies elsewhere - beyond the
rocket scientists at this and other related bases.
Peenemunde under the leadership of walter Dornberger housed such notable personnel,
as Werner Von Braun, Professor Oberth and many more leading rocket scientists.
Indeed, on this relatively small island, the seeds of space travel were born; but
not before the genial scientists had led Germany into a chilling new period of the
war.
Peenemunde is probably the most famous of all German secret research installations,
situated on the northern coast over-looking the Baltic sea, it is now just a tiny
part of the Eastern block. It was at this locality that rumours surrounding the
nature of the rocket projects were generated. However, is terms of secrecy,
Peenemunde was perhaps secondary. For all over Europe, German military installations
such facility existed. Deep in the astonishingly beautiful Harz mountains existed a
large underground pre-war constructed facility know to the Allies as - Nordhausen
[7] (Central works). On the 11th September 1943 this facility in conjunction with
the Zeppelin factory at Friedrichshafen and other important contract companies
around Vienna, began assembling V2 components. The race against time to halt the
irresistible advance of the Allies into Europe had begun. Secretly, other - less
known (yet truly more ingenious) projects were also gathering momentum.
On the other side of the Channel the preparation had commenced in Great Britain to
assemble the largest maritime fleet ever to sail; the projected target - Hitler's
Fortress Europe'; and its ultimate plan? - destroy German occupation of this
continent. The effectives of German advanced weaponry was soon to be tested.
Meanwhile a totally new situation had arisen in Germany. Prior the new Allied
community had worked under (in the main) an odd series of commands. In simplistic
desire'. Some of these were totally absurd, whilst others had been built years ago.
New technology was the key, and for the first time since the outbreak of war, it was
the scientists who were coming forward with semi-unofficial plans which given that
the German troops
the High Command, could foresee a time when even more futuristic weapons (which
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1991, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
given the fact that blue-prints were available years ago) would actually turn the
THE REPORTS EMERGE
Any person who is not familiar with the horror that is the theatre of war cannot
ultimately brings. Foo Fighter reports were often generated by pilots and crews
under immense strain, pressure and the constant problem of fatigue. Many of the
pilots - flying several missions per week had survived, whilst others had seen
Hamburg and many, many others were to be the scene of several manifestations of
It is interesting to note, that the main thrust of the Foo Fighter report [sightings
effectiveness had been depleted to such a small, insignificant fighting force that
only a partial defence capability existed in Germany at that time. And more
importantly the mass Allied bombing raids began. Millions of people were to die
horribly in German cities (as previously occurred in early Luftwaffe raids on
just one of a strange series of events, that may hold an important clue into our
investigation.
According to historical wartime documentation, emphasis for the adaptation from
propeller driven craft to already available jet propulsion methods had not yet been
in respect of their own available technology - the reader must really delve into the
non-committed - leading Nazi personnel. It was this failure to adapt quickly in
terms of advanced scientific potentials (especially in the years 1940/41 when
Germany enjoyed total control), that has puzzled military researchers to this day -
and as history would show, it was this non-transfer of available science - into
physical weaponry, that would prove fatal to Hitler's Germany. For the reader to
grasp why this did not occur one must study and evaluate the internal organisational
structure of each and every section of the German war machine; in particular those
sections developing weaponry and surveillance systems years ahead of there time. And
as previously mentioned, that change was first instigated after the 1943 raids.
Page 5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2936, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
After the Second world War had ended, Allied scientific missions were sent to
Germany to try to establish why this strange situation had arisen. After studying
thousands upon thousands of captured documents and the interrogation of many leading
personnel had occurred, it became clear that Germany's three main fighting forces
had continued to work under relative security and secrecy. The work and the
scientific developments of each 'arm' of the armed forces, was in most cases
concealed from other units even in their own branch. Indeed, having analysed several
of these TOP SECRET British technical reports, it was obvious that a disastrous
state of affairs had arisen in Germany. For example: I acquired U.S intelligence
papers giving details of a new army weapon, and although constructed, test flown and
assembly lines begun, this particular airborne weapon required further electrical
modification and parts. Unfortunately, the contract work for this weapon was
afforded to a company (private) who could not find the resources nor the
technological manpower to devise these components. This weapon never flew one
comes to davise thes
mission in anger. What astonished British and American Air Force intelligence
missions (army) was the fact that the Luftwaffe had already constructed an identical
weapon, complete with working electrical components, many months previous. The
Wehrmacht (German army) had no idea that this was the case and in any event, it is
doubtful due to a simple anomaly such as pride, would have offered details of their
construction to the Luftwaffe.
The bureaucracy which surrounded the construction of advanced machinery was not
limited to the heads of the three sections of the German fighting machine. Such a
case had already arisen in the early part of the war. With the evacuation of British
and French troops from Dunkirk, a situation arose whereby Hitler and Field Marshal
Goring had the ideal opportunity to further test the heavy bombers and the
frightening strength of the Luftwaffe; the Battle of Britain was to commence. It is
now clear that even in 1939, concern was shown regarding the ability to strike
effectively using mass heavy bombers. SS (Schutzstaffle) intelligence had warned of
the apparent ability and fighting intent of the Royal Air Force. In the following
months and after the loss of thousands of German bombers, the Luftwaffe raids began
to become incoherent, military and industrial targets had become secondary and the
innocent victims were civilians. An almost identical situation occurred towards the
end of the war, whereby Allied mass bombing (initially begun to wreck German
industrial output and aircraft production) resulted only in the destruction of
cities - German aircraft output increased dramatically towards the end of the war.
And this was due to clever manoeuvering on the part of the Luftwaffe Chiefs of
Staff.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 6

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2276, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Again the year 1943 seems critical; Britain was now aided by America, and the cargo
lines between the biggest aircraft and food producer in the world (America) and
Britain was free of virtually all U-boat attacks. America had covertly shipped
millions of pounds worth of equipment through to the U.K. for the coming assault on
European Germany. Given that the German High Command tried for some five years to
Atlantic to continue the U-boats attack. Since the very first day that Germany
reached the Channel ports of France, the construction companies under Hitler's
guidance had begun its preparation for its [Germany] defence. This major Allied
necessary to move obvious (component installations) and research bases underground.
natural impregnable locations. ULTRA's main concern was of new workings around the
regions of Tharla, Saarbrucken, Dassua and the Harz mountains. Given that
reconnaissance photographs showed aircraft sections (not recognised
as
By 1943 it appears that the Luftwaffe and a number of special research departments
based in several countries [including occupied nations] had entered into a new field
of weaponry - part in conjunction with the rocket industry. It was the Luftwaffe -
heavily depleted of its fighting strength in terms of experienced pilots and re-
sources that quickly staged a recovery in respect of new breakthroughs - given that
it was private contract companies (highly paid) that were pulling the strings.
For example; it has always been rumoured that Germany had constructed circular
planform aircraft: without doubt such an occurrence did take place. It was a long
process to determine which particular company, or for that matter, which research
factory could have developed weaponry to confuse the Allied pilots and illuminate
both day and night skies with totally absurd craft. However earlier this year the
pieces of the jigsaw were almost complete and the very fact that Foo Fighters were
seen even over parts of North Africa and possibly other far-off nations was
coincidental; I acquired a top secret British/U.S. Intelligence briefing paper
outlining ultra concern by both Allied military leaders over new research facilities
(underground) which were also appearing in countries such as Rumania, Yugoslavia and
Page 7

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1705, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
By 1944, 90% of all German front line research into advanced weaponry was under the
but within weeks most of the machinery, weaponry and plans were transfered to Blizna
in Poland (research facilities and component factories at Wiener Neustadt and
Friedrichshafen which supported the research and component supplies that Peenemunde
needed to function properly - were unaffected). And it was here that Allied air
force pilots appeared to have encountered their first Unidentified Flying Objects -
or 'Foo Fighters'.
As Churchill pondered over RAF reconnaissance photographs in his small war room,
several British officials who had previously negated the possibility that Germany
had developed long-range rockets fell into silence. Curious elongated marks were
THE PHENOMENON EMERGES
It has to be said that the characteristics of the so-called Foo Fighter could be
placed under several different categories; However the most frequently reported of
all the variants was the singular glowing and highly manoeuvrable aeroform which
often appeared to pace aircraft and show a distinct characteristic which many would
shortly describe as 'controlled'. Foo Fighters were also seen in numbers primarily
as 1000ft). Once again similar 'in-flight' manoeuvres were performed. Colours varied
intensely, from white to deep red. These strange but benevolent objects showed
little sign of menace and indeed became quite a common event over the skies of
Germany
It was, in my opinion, Bomber Command (Intelligence Bureaux) who first became aware
before.
searchlights appeared from every directions and wave after wave of flak lit up the
sky. This was recognisable, but other airborne 'forms' did not comply to their
Page 8

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2327, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[Allied crews] training. Several bright circular lights which materialised from
nowhere began circling the aircraft. The lights changed colour and appeared to
revolve. British signals officers tracking the bombers every move complained that
transmitters carried a great deal of interference. Another indicator perhaps to the
true identity of the glowing aeroforms? This classic case signalled the beginning of
intense Nazi developments.
In the winter months (1988) I interviewed a number of ex RAF (Pathfinder Units -
personnel), who observed the so-called Foo Fighters over Germany as early as 1942.
As the crew of the Halifax bomber led vast numbers of British aircraft over prime
In all seven fully trained and experienced RAF pilots had seen the targets. They
were convinced that the Nazi's had developed remarkable craft. Like 99% of all Foo
Fighter reports, the unknown targets showed no hostility. As the winter of 44
approached, American intelligence (G-2) spoke of heavy U.S. bombers coning face to
During my researches I was fortunate to meet a former member of the British Army who
related some puzzling data. In this respect, I am aware of a potentially interesting
piece of film footage acquired by American Air Force Intelligence which shows one
Allied aircraft in flight over Germany being intercepted by a so-called 'Foo
Fighter'. The film footage depicts the phenomena closing in on an Allied aircraft
plates joined and spinning vertically) moved furiously alongside the aircraft in a
rolling fashion. This information was supplied from an ex-military person of
what many ill-informed UFO researchers believe was a 'drawing board plan'. We have
without doubt learned of a remarkable weapon which was developed by a research
Many of the so called 'Foo Fighter' reports are not that easy to explain. However,
during the latter part of the Second World war, the Luftwaffe had developed several
highly manoeuvrable aircraft, such as the Me262 and a whole host of strange looking
aeroplanes. I have never heard it said that perhaps a number of Foo Fighter reports
could be identified as the after-burner of such weaponry? Allied pilots (and most of
the German ground forces) were unaware of this form of aircraft until its inception
was generally related to German armed forces badly in need of further stimulus to

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 331, "chars": 2156, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
continue a futile fight. Surely faced with such unusually shaped aircraft and a
impressed with the knowledge of one ex-RAF Officer who I had the privilege to
interview earlier this year. His keen interest and remarkable memory, afforded one
particular weapon which I was simply not aware of.
He informed me that during the last three years of the war, he was working within a
secret branch of the Royal Air Force, often flying perilous missions over key German
installations. His crew were aware of a dangerous new development. The code name for
this weapon is known, but I would like to clarify certain details before releasing
the data. Nevertheless the weapon was launched by a ground detail and was attached
to a rocket which could rise to around 100,000ft. When such an altitude was
consisted of two large metal plates (circular in construction) joined by a large
thin steel chain. A further mechanism would trigger an explosive on its descent and
visual appearance would be that of two highly luminous glowing aeroforms. The
explosive charge was not intended to destroy the plates and I can only imagine that
its purpose (illumination) was psychological. The projected potential was for the
actually 'wrap itself' around propeller shafts and wings.
Several other authors reporting on the subject of Foo Fighters, have realised that
intelligence documentation acquired after the war by Allied nations, offers more
haunting description of 'Top Secret! [12].
important and consistent evidence that as early as 1928, a number of leading Junkers
research personnel had devised a circular machine that when operated, gave the
visible impression [or illusion] of the 'rings of Saturn'. And interestingly, a
number of key personnel from that very same design facility were captured by the
Soviets at the end of the war. Other rockets were timed to explode at a given height
the German 'night fighters'. These 'V' shaped craft were again physical forms and
these aircraft were captured towards the end of the war. Rocket powered and more
manoeuvrable than conventional craft, these 'flying wings' were regarded as
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 10

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 348, "chars": 2306, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
unidentified aeroforms by several pilots unaware of such advances in airborne
Other significant Foo Fighter impostors could well have been the air launched guided
missile, or the high powered rockets which could launch smaller glide aircraft to
released. From this height the glide-attack aircraft would slowly descend in a
circular fashion and strafe numerous advancing aircraft. By 1945, such craft would
be fitted with jet engines, often causing a quite remarkable sight in the night sky
Probably the biggest indicator to solving the Foo Fighter phenomenon, came from the
pilots themselves. Quite often the crews of heavy American bombers and RAF aircraft,
would report glowing aeroforms ascend from below the aircraft. Simple, yet qualified
statements have been proposed regarding the potential that the odd lights were in
fact nothing more than radio-jamming remotely piloted vehicles (R.P.V.s). This may
have been the case. Such an incident was of course recorded over the town of Speyer,
According to the men, an unidentified orange-coloured glowing aeroform moving at a
Although I am satisfied that it was British Intelligence that first became aware of
unknown aeroforms (without doubt the result of stringent de-briefs) [13] it was
American Air Force Intelligence that first hinted (publicly) Allied pilots had
encountered unknown enemy aeroforms over Europe. Quite suddenly - an upsurge of
Quite certainly I am aware of at least one such device and two radio/air research
facilities that were working on such anti-radar jamming systems. After all, the
British had devised a quite unique device to fool the relatively simple German radar
equipment. Having acquired Top Secret documents from a British based researcher, it
is evident that radar tracking's cannot be trusted in the framework of 'general UFO
had constructed and engineered an airborne device affording a radar signal which
would be viewed by German ground radar as an attacking force which numbered
literally dozens of aircraft. That signal did in fact work and was recorded as such
by German radar operatives. The signal would of course be aimed solely to confuse;
for example - Germany's northern defences. Alert and preference of intercept
aircraft would be submitted by Germany's Northern most armies, and leave several
Page 11

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2747, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sou
mass
inde
are
Ameri
Germar
cant. Meanwhile, a gap would be available for the
Germany. Perhaps the 'mysterious' aeroforms were
ter all, the dates and timing of both occurrences
al? It should also be remembered, that it was
Aces who actually conjectured that the 'Foo Fighters' were
r-radar jamming devices.
In my
research papers
concerning the advanced German circular aeroplane, Wiener
Neustadt [14] is mentioned on several occasions. I made a number of conjecturally
important breakthroughs regarding the reality of such craft [circular planform]. I
sought to trace a number of eminent professors who actually worked at this
establishment during the war, and through hefty correspondence it has become clear,
that other important research projects were operated at the same time. In
particularly one - which a number of prominent historians feel, could be directed
towards the 'Foo Fighter'.
Many different weapons (ground and air) were developed by Nazi Germany, to the
extent whereby some 50 million documents were shipped to Britain and America after
the war. The content of these documents, varied from simple leave papers for Army
personnel, to ultra-secret programmes which were conducted at institutes such as
Breslau and Prague. Through the pages of such documents (scientific and
technological) the Allies advanced their own sciences by as much (in some cases), as
twenty five years. And indeed, it was through the scientific departmental research
programmes, that evidence appears to have been found regarding two developments.
Albert Speer was the Minister of Armourments and Slave Labour during the second part
of the war. As an architect by profession (and an ardent Nazi), Hitler sau Speer as
a man with vision and a professionalism to get projects off the ground. According to
U.S. intelligence papers, Speer was present during a frosty morning in Prague
(Czechoslovakia) when a new advanced German aircraft was purportedly test flown
[15]. That aircraft incidentally was circular. Speer was also a key figure behind a
research facility jointly run by his department and the S.S. (who by 1944 trusted
virtually nobody and tended to over-ride many of the conventional German Air Force
projects). This facility (situated in Bavaria) was run by the Luftwaffe, who at that
time were working constantly to provide better air defences. They tested several
electrical machines which had been devised from a series of experiments in relation
to their ability to confuse and interfere with Allied radar. However, based upon
trails, the effectiveness of such machinery was limited to around one hundred feet.
To induce further range, the apparatus was deployed in an airborne structure which
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 12

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 12, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 15, "variant": "clean-vision"}
PENEnI
SLIN

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
resembled a tortoise shell and was circular. This component may well have been
already manufactured in Austria, as the description fits perfectly with data I
acquired on such a 'weapon'. The entire machine was powered by a unique turbojet
engine and was purportedly code-named - 'THE FEUERBALL' (Fireball). That the visual
appearance of the fast moving Remotely Piloted Vehicle (RPV) was that of a circular
halo and illuminated glowing sphere, does in my opinion, indicate great similarities
to the prototype built and conceived at the Junkers research facility in the late
1920's - [the 'rings of Saturn]. The airborne radar jamming-system had greater scope
This un-armed weapon and its potential fits perfectly with Allied pilots
construction, had a menace classification, rather than an ultimately proven hostile
one .
That project was finalised at the Wiener Neustadt facility; many classed the weapon
as a missile, yet sufficient eye-witness accounts exist whereby many would reject
that terminology. Indeed, eye witness accounts suggest that the weapon resembled a
shining disc spinning on its axis. I was fortunate to trace another witness who
tested at the rocket facility - Peenemunde. And this may well be another clue to the
original aeroforms seen over Peenemunde during the Allied raids. American
intelligence also reported [16] that the Foo Fighters have been seen during daylight
hours; the appearance was at times, "that of a shiny silver ball." I was informed by
a highly reliable source, that such airborne weaponry was both cheap to make, in
clue perhaps to the wide area of reported visuals. Indeed, I was fortunate to locate
Top Secret British documents (1944) relating that several launch vehicles had
appeared throughout the war front. This may or may not be applicable to such
weaponry, but it does suggest, adequately in my opinion, that the German High
Command had decided to inject a new - highly transferable system into being, for
Another potential constitutes the fact that Germany was indeed working on various
remarkable weaponry. Those ill-informed researchers and historians of war would of
course dis-agree. However, under the heading of 'Restricted' and released only a few
years ago by government agencies, I found perplexing information regarding two
Page 13

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1964, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
totally puzzling weapons. At one of the Luftwaffe's laboratories German scientists
were actually working on utilising sound as a new weapon. And if this constitutes
data bordering on the futuristic, perhaps adapting the earth's natural 'wind
currents' as a weapon may be just a little too much. Other weapons were being tested
which constitute a level of thinking far advanced than placing an illuminated light
source in the sky. Another clue to the varied and often ill-fated and hurried
Resources by this time were inadequate, yet emphasis was still given regarding
Hitler had hoped that by entrusting much of the secret research programmes to this
documents pertaining to several key Luftwaffe research centre's show that when
with all research programmes - constructed or design stage only, or the S.S. would
not be under-estimated. However, it is my contention that far too much
'generalisation' has been placed on this aspect. The extraordinary ability of the
German scientific establishment working under very unusual conditions, seems to have
coming of the saucers'. Indeed it was - but in potently differing circumstances.
When marking the degree of change in German aviation potential and the 'state of
war' at the time of the first sightings of unidentified aeroforms, it seems too much
of a coincidence. When one considers that at least six previously private aeroplane
company's had already began vast research programmes into unconventional flying
must be prominent on one's mind. For hardly have we mentioned the enormity of the
rocket/guided missile programmes in this research paper, and yet without doubt,
Foo Fighters (like todays UFO phenomenon) could have several explanations; and
the list of potential 'Foo Fighter' impostors is endless. The key towards explaining
this 'mystery' must lie in the hands of both western and Eastern governments and in
the ultra-secret documents pertaining to counter-intelligence. Clearly, much of the
Page 14

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1676, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
available data suggests a physical - yet psychological weapon, other complicated
observations could just as easily be placed in chapters concerning Germany's secret
To counter this argument, 'UFO' researchers have often pointed the finger at other
similar sightings of Foo Fighters over Japan and far-off countries. This is highly
illogical due to the fact that German technology was often related to her ally and
indeed, it does seem probable that Japan, was making headway in terms of similar
'weapons'. Combine such a potential with the fact that the 'theatre of war' was not
following months, countless reports of unidentified objects were recorded. The world
identified was recorded.
As the Top Secret summary I acquired relates, "Western nations learned very little
of the secret facilities east of the river Elbe." It was east of this river that
Allied nations met and eventually Germany capitulated. All technology beyond this
point was captured by the Soviets. The Foo Fighter sightings seem to have appeared
and to some extent 'unknown targets! [unknown in the sense of secret German
aircraft] then we have very little evidence to support an alien hypothesis.
that Germany had various flying wing craft operational (and the testing of circular
exists official reports which conveys doubts on even civilian pilots to mis-identify
under conditions already outlined in this report; and given the fact that major
were deployed in various areas of Europe and that these systems were eventually
modified to counter attacking aircraft; that evidence still exists for such systems
remains doubtful - this doubt could have overtones effecting today's phenomenon. And
Page 15

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 198, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
it is without doubt the Starting point for any investigation regarding the so
Called, 'Ghost Rocket! reports of the 1940's, of which there are so many.

Quest Publications International Ltd Page 16

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2114, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE 'GHOST ROCKET' PHENOMENON
After Hitler's craze for world domination had been so vehemently denied and
ultimately destroyed by western and eastern forces, came the birth of the 'cold
war'. In fact, the seeds of mistrust and caution that still remain to this day
(between Soviet forces and NATO) had been planted way back in 1943/44, as Britain
and American forces began their remarkable plan for the D-Day operation (6th June
1944) •
Germany in terms of land mass is a relatively small country, yet without doubt the
timing of an unusual airborne phenomenon, and the fact that war-torn Europe had
become the epi-centre of such manifestations is perplexing. Unfortunately most
people in the business of tracking UFO's require no answer to a question which
ultimately squash their inner-most feeling for such a mystery to remain.
At the end of the war, the 'Foo Fighter' and the majority of [its] war time
implications were but a memory to Allied governments - governments which were intent
on re-building shattered nations. As this gruesome task began, another sight was
shortly to be reported in numbers over Europe - the phenomenon known today as it
was then - 'Ghost Rocket'.
I have often dwelt on the fact that important and highly relevant facts have been
were overrun by advancing Soviet and Soviet aligned forces. Without delving too much
hundreds) which housed
experimental weaponry, the Russians received an equal part of the 'scientific spoils
Is it coincidence that some ten months after the Second world War had ended, unusual
aeroforms in the general appearance of missiles were seen tracking over a number of
Baltic Sea countries, and in particular Sweden and the Scandinavian nations [19]?
What indeed was this phenomenon?
By 1944, Germany had several established rocket programmes, which for many years had
been under development at various research centres [20]. And unlike the previous
decisions of Adolf Hitler (which at times seemed quite bizarre), emphasis was now
placed heavily on these weapons - weapons which the High Command in Berlin hoped
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 17

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 312, "chars": 2029, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
would turn the tide against Allied forces and press 'enemy' advancing armies into a
hasty retreat.
Rocketry had always attracted many leading German aviation designers, and their work
during the war, did in some cases benefit, especially financially. This however was
not always the case.
were generated by ordinary scientists. Technicians and engineers who found this
science. Rarely did these persons receive large sums of monies and more often than
not, events similar to a 'circus gathering' were advertised and the occasional
rocket launched. The public were invited to attend, thus some monies at least were
of any other nation) did not receive government funding of any real substance. It
As war commenced, a number of these scientists believed that the rocket afforded
Germany with a potential weapon of un-equalled power. Many, many rockets were built
and other areas of interesting research explored. Today, I find it hard to believe
that there still remain people who are not aware of the ominous, and infamous
these two weapons, were designed by two totally independent teams of scientists.
Like much of the secret work carried out by the scientists in the war years, these
THE A ROCKETS
As Germany began to 'buckle' under increasing Allied bombardment, [it] sought to
counter the attacks - not by vast armies (which in any event were becoming
increasingly depleted) but by rocketry and decoy advanced weaponry which included an
array of night fighter aircraft and covert operations from which would emerge the
astonishing stealth programmes of today. Probably one of the most secret weapons
ever devised and nearly constructed was the giant A-9 rocket. This intercontinental
ballistic missile was designed to reach continents such as Africa and ultimately -
America. Much to the annoyance of several top generals, Hitler's High Command had by
1944, converted design ready plans and experimental missiles programmes into reality
- years too late. If the V-rockets were classified secret, then Germany's other
Page 18

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 2082, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
defence projects must have been on the periphery of an equivalent 1988 American
'Black Programme'.
Come May 1945 the secrets of Peenemunde and other an impressive array of research
Like the independent research teams who designed the 'V' weapons [a term given to
building and testing a number of highly important ground and air launched
craft/missiles - complete with ultra sensitive homing devices. Further independent
Luftwaffe contract companies were also making headway into aircraft designs way
ahead of their time - including design features and construction materials which
today are officially recognised as the forerunner to the many U.S. and Soviet
research programmes [21]. American, Russian and British intelligence services were
aware of several developments, and by 1945 the race was on to acquire that
technology
Probably the the most infamous aspect surrounding the 'acquirement' of such
[22]. This involved U.S. Army intelligence operating in a covert fashion behind
enemy lines (whilst the war was taking place), and often securing promises of
assistance once Germany had capitulated. Needless to say, it seems quite clear
today, that similar Soviet advances had already occurred.
Peenemunde was bombed in August 1943, and the main research stations and machinery
both facilities now lie behind the 'Iron Curtain'. Other important research stations
were also overrun by Soviet forces, including Vienna and Prague - the secrets that
many of the bases held, will of course, never be revealed. These highly important
localities offer a significant clue to the shortly-to-appear 'Ghost Rockets'.
APPEARANCE
Unlike the majority of 'Foo Fighter' reports which were often described as luminous
globes or points of light, the 'Ghost Rocket' phenomenon was in the main recorded as
being 'physical' in form. However, authorities and European government departments
were still in the midst of confusion and a very real lack of organisation, when
these 'rockets' started to appear. The mis-trust between east and west which Hitler
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 19

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2168, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
had predicted prior the fall of Berlin, had now set in; fortunately however, no
hostilities occurred as U.S. and British forces met with advancing Russian units.
Tears of joy soon turned to ice as the victorious allied nations (eastern and
records (available today) show, wanted further military progress covering most of
Germany, yet for some reason the Americans halted their advance. The Soviets totally
remain present in much of East Europe [23]. The governments of the war era were
still in charge, and for a while, vast armies had been replaced by vast 'armies' of
military and civilian spies, all vying for the 'spoils of Nazi Germany.
This being the case, one should carefully review the state of politics during the
emergence of 'Ghost Rocket! reports. The Americans - months prior the first of these
reports had defeated Japan, the entire world was in theory, still in a warring state
of mind. In fact, such was the 'whirlwind' which swept across every nation regarding
the war-aftermath, that in my opinion it is difficult to find any particular country
where dis-trust was not evident. Europe was still controlled by the ageing military
commanders; American forces remained in strength to counter any further up-rising by
Germany (and perhaps more because of the Soviet threat). South American governments
were accused of harbouring ex-Nazis, Spain and Portugal were condemned for
as a key escape point for such people [Nazi']. Rumour after rumour surfaced. Did
Hitler die? Were the Soviets planning to march across the hinterland of western
giving more credence to their case that Red Army troops should stay in Europe!
On the 26th
February 1946, Helsinki (Capitol of Finland) radio announced that
"inordinate meteor activity" in northern Finland close to the Arctic Circle had
occurred. This was probably one of the first official press releases on the unusual
phenomenon which was shortly to 'roar' across much of Europe. Unusually, the 'Foo
hostilities had ended [24]! The public had grown weary of airborne menaces across
much of Europe, but now their attention turned to a new and breathtaking situation.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 20

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2065, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Once the Helsinki statement had been released, reports streamed in from civilians
and military authorities alike. Many of the reports described an object which
emitted a long flowing smoke trail which could be clearly seen against a virtual
claimed the 'object! had made a number of hap-hazard turns. But above all I feel, is
the direction which this phenomenon appeared to emanate from. Official government
sources in Finland reported that the object moved towards Finland's southern
coastline from the Baltic Sea, and nearly all the witnesses had heard a tremendous
Other Finnish reports hold various significant and relevant identification
potentials, for instance; several 'Ghost Rocket reports! were described '
as
"eliptical" or missile shaped - objects emitting an illuminated trail of sparks.
Several reports speak of a shining ball or cigar shape which flew horizontally.
Other witnesses informed local authorities that the phenomenon appeared to 'barrel
roll' and then quickly move downwards towards the Earth.
Sweden unlike Finland had remained neutral during the entire second world war.
Germany and had fought several key battles with the Soviets most northerly forces.
Thus it is no small wonder that Finnish authorities remained silent when this
phenomenon began to appear. [AUTHORS NOTE:-This is a highly significant factor
which I find quite relevant to the entire hypothesis of the 'Ghost Rocket'
course not surface. And perhaps the very fact that Finland feared Soviet advances
war independent nations, if further hostile comment was to arise from its
government?]
It was left to the Swedish authorities to first imply that these
'manifestations' were indeed Russian testing of advanced Nazi weaponry which had
been captured at the end of the war, and it was from this country that the term,
'Ghost Rocket' arose.
A SHIFT IN LOCALITY
In the summer of 1946, the internal arguments between western and eastern nations
was still quite evident. It was also in July of that year, that the first reports of
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 21

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2443, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the rockets began to emerge more predominantly over another Scandinavian country -
Sweden.
Several hundreds of reports (primarily from civilians) were submitted to the Swedish
authorities regarding the rocket phenomenon. And unlike its Scandinavian neighbour -
Finland, the Swedish government had little to fear from any adverse comment made
towards the Soviet Union. In fact, I have often wondered if any western pressure
(particularly from the United States and Britain) was placed on the Swedish
government to make such an announcement that was to 'rock' Europe again. The Swedes
vehemently denounced what they saw as blatant testing by the Soviets of military
missiles. Many European countries 'latched' on to the enigma, and it was the western
press (as was the case regarding the term 'flying saucer') who 'nick-named' the
overflights, 'Ghost Rockets'.
Military authorities in Sweden were put on full alert. Western nations such as
Britain and America must have feared Soviet intentions. During these observations
[25], several official investigations were launched after a number of 'Ghost
Rockets' had fallen to earth and exploded. Official press releases from the Swedish
authorities reveal that little or nothing remained of the actual object, other than
[number of] began to fall, and come the winter, they had almost ceased. What
official recognition of the phenomenon was recorded by Swedish authorities?
It is clear that an 'unusual occurrence' had taken place. Many scientists blamed the
phenomenon on meteorite activity, others were convinced that the Soviets were indeed
overflights were of a physical form [26], which immediately negates the often stated
claim, that these recordings were of natural and/or astronomical nature. Several of
are most certainly dealing with a very real and not illusionary phenomena. From
that country
announced, "20% could not be explained" [27].
After an apparent lull in the sightings (sporadic observations however, were still
being made) 1948 saw the Scandinavian reports begin again. This was of course only
months after Kenneth Arnold had reported his unusual 'flying crescents' over Mount
Rainer in Washington State. Norwegian pilots observed them and on occasions actually
photographed them. Having seen one of these photographs, I am in no doubt that this
was indeed a missile; further identification is taking place. Other pilots reported
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 22

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1382, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that the 'missiles' emitted flames and travelled at a height of 30,000ft; other
'ghost rockets" were recorded as moving at an altitude as low as 50ft. And
such as America and the Soviet Union - a few also ended up in Britain [28]. The
majority of these highly trained personnel continued projects that had been designed
plans and entire rockets were shipped to the rocket-range. Tests began almost
The early research programmes of American/German scientists were branded top secret,
and very little was learned by the public in the way of progress. Perhaps the
witnesses to an early American UFO report had actually sighted a V2 - American
style?
report which in my opinion falls within the framework of the 'Ghost Rocket'
phenomenon 29]. The official report reads:-
and reported seeing a large disc or sphere moving horizontally at a high speed and
at an estimated altitude of 10,000ft. It was of uniform shape and had no protruding
surfaces such as wings. The object was in sight for about 60 seconds before it
disappeared to the northeast. The three observers agreed on the details of the
That report taken at face value would receive little interest today in terms of
identification. The very fact that rockets were being tested (almost daily in one
that the 'UFO' was in fact nothing more than the actual launch of a V-2 or perhaps
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 23

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1956, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interestingly, on the previous day, [28th June, 1947] an American Air Force
Lieutenant flying some 30 miles from Lake Meade, Nevada, USA, reported that he had
seen five or six white-coloured circular objects in close formation. The objects
were estimated at travelling in the region of 285 mph [31].
Probably more interesting is the observation made by American pilots and the
distinct relationship with other sightings over the Netherlands on the morning of
July 25th, 1948 - a date which could be looked upon as nearing the end of the 'Ghost
Rocket' reports.
rocket pass their aircraft." The
American intelligence report I acquired
concentrates further on this report;
The object apparently made the same noise as that heard by Allied forces during the
war of a V-2 rocket - final descent. The craft was seen four times through broken
cloud and was travelling at high speed. Interesting to note that American
intelligence note the similarity in detail to the sighting made by other U.S.
officials over Holland just five days previous [20th July 1948]. It was here over
Arnham that an almost identical craft was seen.
The slender shape which many researchers today relate to the 'Ghost Rocket' chapter
in UFO history was making an impression not just over the American and European
circuit. If as I believe these sightings are indicative of advanced weaponry-testing
then we must presume a similar state of affairs stimulated Swedish Government
does indicate a similar test programme was occurring over the hinter-lands of the
Soviet Union and a number of still-occupied countries.
It was an American reporter observations some 25 miles northeast of Moscow, on the
concern.
Travelling with a Russian colleague, the two men noted an identical object as
reported above. However, the reporters colleague identified the craft as a rigid
airship, but doubts remain over his conclusions. The American indicates that
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 24

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2371, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One of the final 'Ghost Rocket' sightings or 'cylindrical objects reported in this
period, was again seen above Moscow. In December, 1948 a number of long fish-shaped
Combine these relatively basic sightings into the hundreds of such observations made
near the Soviet border with Scandinavian countries, then we have an early insight
into the beginning of the 'UFO' phenomenon. Not all such 'period' observations were
of missile or rocket shapes. Indeed, U.S. intelligence indicates several different
shapes, even as early as 1949, yet emphasis can be found in virtually all early U.S.
projects on this subject covering German technology in one form or another [33].
categories'. And I was perplexed when I discovered further evidence of British
interest in the pilotless guided missile and bomber situation as early as 1947.
Clearly an indication that countries such as the U.K. believed that foreign nations
had already begun their researches into futuristic aviation and space programmes.
MISTRUST AND IGNORANCE
Ufology must recognise that nearly every report that is submitted regarding
unidentified flying objects has a valid and relevant explanation [34]. If 'Foo
Fighters' were indeed extraterrestrial manifestations, then I would be extremely
surprised. And furthermore, I cannot accept any fundamental issue which affords me
any particular reason to doubt that 'Ghost Rocket' phenomenon is any different.
Perhaps a significant clue exists regarding this 'quarter' in the 'forty years' of
UFO research. Quite simply nearly every Ufologist alive today has little or zero
knowledge of the breakthroughs being made by our own scientists or the spectacular
developments currently being developed that will no doubt in time, take our race to
other sectors of the Milky way. It is very unfortunate that war often brings new
devices and a clear intent for machinery and weaponry development in respect of a
part of the second world war. And their requirements [German] for an aircraft to
counter the then increasing effectiveness of Allied radar could be seen as the early
experimental breakthroughs regarding the awesome potential of today's stealth
programmes
When Russia overran the research facilities of Germany (and in particular those at
Blizna, Peenemunde and Wiener Neustadt) a variety of total 'alien weaponry' was
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 25

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 313, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
found. I have uncovered hundreds of government papers detailing the potential of
such technology, and it is very revealing. That 'Foo Fighter' reports of yesteryear
would hardly rise an eyebrow today must be recognised, Ufologists do not treat
lights in the sky as seriously as those pilots who feared their own termination. And
in the same breath many researchers clearly ignore the ever increasing movement of
our own western nations towards advanced airborne ability, instead many research
groups continue to spend increasingly valuable time researching 'ET' reports which I
stronger than their 'need to know'.
they truly believed in the potential of German aviation breakthroughs - which may
Royal Air Force was no different. After every single excursion over enemy or
occupied territories, the crew informed a single or dual intelligence branch officer
of their flight. Stories of unidentified encounters with German night fighters often
produced a preempted notion of concern [36]. I am informed that on one such
observation (British bombing raid on Munich), the crew returned with the most
fantastic story to tell. The intelligence briefing Officer (Royal Air Force) took
full details of this and every single such occurrence according to the highly
Furthermore, that Western countries after the war were satisfied that the majority
the 'Ghost Rockets' emerged did America, Britain and to some extent France give any
indication of concern, that the Russians had in fact obtained weaponry far superior
to that of the Western Allies.
I acquired further Top Secret documents [U.S. & British]) giving further details
regarding German Second World War weaponry; from 300 pages of data, I found an
interesting note:- The missiles of Germany were thought to be very unreliable. Even
their inventors voiced concern to superiors that time was needed to perfect such
technology. Problems had occurred throughout hurried German experimentation such as
the 'barrel rolling! of many rockets including both the V-1 and V-2. "Measures to
technical record said.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 26

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 1993, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These notes and data were captured by the Soviets as several key facilities (all
known but as far as I am aware not connected with German rocket production) were
overrun towards the end of March/April and May. Yet perhaps the 1946 eye witnesses
several A-weapons during the spring of '45' [39] ? The 'roaring' and sparks often
seen - reported and associated with such overflights, is surely representative of
high powered cruise and ballistic missiles and a very rich fuel compound. The 'Ghost
remnants of exploding missiles. But probably more important; Is it I wonder, just
coincidence that 'Foo Fighters! and 'Ghost Rocket! reports appeared during and just
What data the U.S. and British governments have released on 'German advanced second
world war weaponry' is non-too helpful. In my researches at various data-holding
various information held by the British government on specific weaponry and
scientists. The files were of course denied. After more intense efforts to secure
hefty documentation, I was told that after 'review' such information may be made
available in the year 2020! Some War Historians and UFO researchers will never of
course be able to study that data - data which may hold significant clues to today's
subject.
However, although much of the Nazi secrets fell into the hands of the Soviets and
emerge, which could ultimately explain further chapters in this awesome period. 'Foo
Fighters' were very real of course, yet when taking a variety of relevant factors in
number of key issues in this category, other more unusual situations did occur
during the war; on the 24th March, 1943, the city of Nürnberg was attacked by
simple system was used for both defensive and offensive means. The result could well
The system was known as 'Mattscheibe! [41] and basically a large number of ground
situated searchlights fired their beams onto low cloud [42], at this point some 2000
flares were sent sky-wards from an array of different locations. Combine the German
Page 27

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2326, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
illuminations with the then present red and blue coloured 'hanging' flares of RAF
of ground anti-aircraft fire and 'hunting packs' of Nazi night fighter units. That
the S.S. [43] did in fact have physical technology to confuse is beyond doubt. And
perhaps this combination of an intense set of circumstances, led to many 'Foo
should discover them all. Everything in historical history indicates the Soviets did
continue the Nazi missile and rocketry projects - like their American counterparts.
And it was not just the secret departments of the German fighting machine that tried
both physical and psychological weaponry/science to counter human intent; Allied
forces dreamed-up numerous different projects - many of them equally bizarre as
America, before the introduction of fully functioning radar, had tried to counter
the German attacking Luftwaffe forces with a simple yet remarkably successful
on the ground. High intensity light bulbs were fitted to the wings of daylight
flying aircraft on both reconnaissance and attack missions. The effect was
devastating when seen at a distance - so devastating in fact, that German defences
could almost see nothing. A slight shape or 'blur' was the visual description often
reported, and when used on ground vehicles or stationary positions, the effect
functioned even better. And given that the weather conditions were suited to the
America's 1988 Stealth programme is extremely successful, and the bomber variant
[45] is regarded as the ultimate fighting machine. Locked away in a remote hanger on
American soil is a part assembled German aircraft. Former U.S. Air Intelligence
officers regard the plywood craft as the forerunner and prototype of the B-2 machine
that many feel - given the vast array of futuristic weapons which were scattered
about war-torn Europe, had several more months grace, the outcome of the Second
Nearly twenty years ago mankind visited another world (regardless of whether or not
the Moon is Earth's satellite), in 1943, several German scientists had begun a
research project (interestingly not Werner Von Braun, Oberth or Dornberger) to send
craft to other planets [48]. When war occurs between nations, developments move
quickly, perhaps we consider the importance our own lives a little more than we
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 28

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 619, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
truly believe. Ufology should back-track immediately and try and re-piece the jig-
saw which could well be given the title of 'early UFO phenomenon' perhaps then we
may have the ability to recognise and respond to - what is truly unidentified and
was is not. In another forty years, that opportunity could well be beyond our
present means and may be unattainable as our own technology surges ahead. Before we
begin to conjecture on aspects which I admit are perplexing, let us please educate
ourselves on historical situations which are all relevant to the study of the UFO.
Quest Publications Intemational Ltd
Page 29

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 291, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VIENNA,
AUSTRIA 1942: THE SCIENTISTS WHO HEADED THE ROCKET
PROGRAMME OF GERMANY.
FROM LEFT TO RIGHT - COLONEL ZANNSEN (CAMP
COMMANDANT OF
PEENEMUNDE)
DORNBERGER,
THIEL (KILLED
DURING
THE RAF
BOMBING RAID 1943 ON PEENEMUNDE, AND WERNER VON BRAUN.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 30

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 561, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Oberkommando des Heeras
12.0011-5565/4)
ve 15 ken
1. chief.
Kittelwarke C.s.U.!..
CX - X 4p 11
Der Aultray No Co ¿$565/43 JE12
• gird an Aufrag der Sonders
Petter
L
Jare Zekhes
Kriegsauftrag
Es verden klermi
Berlin W k
Tirpitiader TL7
19ut.Ys
la Aufras aspoken :
Nr
0011-5565/43
Auftragestauarungs-dr. 1431/48
Einzelperis
1000 600000
fir
THE NAZI DIRECTIVE OF 19th
OCTOBER,
WHICH
REPRESENTS AN ORDER FOR
12,000 A4 (V2) POCKETS FROM THE STATE-
OWNED MITTLEWERK CORPORATION. EACH UNIT
(ROCKET) COST 40,000 REICHMARKS.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 31

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1222, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ZE oteg

THE HARZ MOUNTAINS GERMANY: BENEATH THE HILLS SHOWN IN THIS RARE PHOTOGRAPH,
(MAJOR HILL CENTRE OF PICTURE) GERMANY CONSTRUCTED NEARLY 6000 MISSILES. THE
FOREGROUND IS NOW WEST GERMANY, AND THE MOUNTAINS AND FORMER MITTLEWERK
UNDERGROUND ROCKET ASSEMBLY PLANT IS IN EAST GERMANY. THE COMPONENT FACTORY WAS
SECTIONALISED, WITH JET FIGHTER AND V ROCKET PRODUCTION OCCURRING SIMULTANEOUSLY

IN VARIOUS UNDERGROUND AREAS.

? a" = —™ : esi = git 4 r
ie es we be ees na eh neee ee
~ = : if : i gee re rie Vag oe deal es *
# a hi i xe OEY: i ee ty¥gst ot ad €
Po Pr eiaeamieh ores casrnny konto AL te eee
- : F he = \ Sin =, (3p EM ey i + = peo) i “t> vie eS eet 3 neo ae : : ae + eve ine : ih on if ‘aati, a
Lip tere meted: i iE Bea Seine ee ea eae 2 Dies Bots ae pict crises ee oe Sf shor,
oes Be Fe Cog Seah EE ORE on BE Fes ye 2 ae See SAE SE ;
ula Fo Rick oe 8 Bes See Ry hea ae Stati SS Fre SF Si goon ae
yt tans :

atin a =
7 Fy. 5 eS

fo ee ae a
BY AS ESAs rae torte boi SITS fa ol gerres
' 3 4s "hi? av
Ke Sew are erties

# : we Pat »

_ a £ = ae = .
<<PeS = aot oP Pos ae  - i , ait
Cg fe tthe Game eg *T Satie eat Oe of ate are Sens
PET sheet ga Soa: on AL Yt.
sete Et a*® fee tar aes eee am: ent hema ~~ Se

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 338, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
re
yt tree
sf ae ig ip Dig at fone *

Pe det Tyee a;

NORDHAUSEN —- HARZ MOUNTAINS GERMANY:
PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS THE ‘CENTRAL WERKES'

(WORK) FACTORY IN FULL ROCKET
PRODUCTION.

fae a

NORDHAUSEN: MAIN TUNNEL ENTRANCE TO THE

ULTRA SECRET FACILITY OWNED BY THE
MITTLEWERK CORPORATION OF GERMANY.

Quest Publications International Ltd Page 33

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 114, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
all
ci a es a ee ik ae | Te ae, aa tt | - iP, eal ait dam F = oa ul cal <i a hae al . i el al i = ell i os wed
i

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 379, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KARL
OTTO SAUR: PROMINENT MEMBER OF ALBERT
SUPPORT THE EARLY GERMAN
ROCKET PROGRAMME,
INFLUENCED THE HIGH COMMAND IN BERLIN, TO SUCH
EXTENT,
THAT THE
ENTIRE
PROJECT
WAS
DISASTROUSLY EFFECTED.
GERHARD DEGENKOLB:
MASS PRODUCTION.
REMARKABLE INDUSTRIALIST
SS GENERAL HANS KAMMLER: THIS 'DEDICATED! NAZI
ROCKETS
(V1 & V2)
AND
THEN
THE
INTRICATE
IN THE WEST.
Quest Public
Ltd
Page 34

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 237, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
¢

i. aa eet ‘ Sa

oh

en 7
—— ee a
Li eS

— ee er
_—  ———E

i
‘
|
iH
=f
@
a}
a
i
4
*

Sse@ Reuchen verboten.

Ta

#
I ol nll ona =
s A ab
a Ee oR,
=

nw

AG ROCKETS ASSEMBLED AT PEENEMUNDE

Quest Publications International Ltd ‘Page 35

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 721, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
i j + Sd ole Whe . ora > i
YRS ye AB Rok
4

I t i
at * age r A eke Ae sc
* Pe i

iy hee t
aie
rere

= =) Ay = ae ee, 1 Be: ry "_ * 7 iad Fe
eed ge er ae eh
oat ee peers :* ed Tare es

TT Siatcngee Bafa Ee eS faring to a: ot
LAs ‘= TNs ee Beas ay hie. ib) 5 ue a4 ca i vey
. : a7 A ae oe he ale Pas Se ee ee ie A

yee ey tS i
et Be hadi a re
: me ie” 9

il
tel ta eu-

1p oa?

eet ey |
a.

_=*

‘We ee

. ¥.

ah

avis {Be es ‘. «fs B urek
ae “i lle = * 5 ae

: Pa * oy

AFTER THE BOMBING OF PEENEMUNDE IN 1943, ROCKET

RESEARCH WAS TRANSFERED
FACILITY IN THE HINTERLAND OF OCCUPIED POLAND.

PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS PART OF THE BASE WHICH HOUSED MANY
SS PERSONNEL.

Quest Publications International Ltd

TO THE %|'‘MODEST' BLIZNA

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 64, "chars": 464, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
FOO FIGHTERS WERE SEEN OVER MANY KEY GERMAN CITIES AND

MILITARY AREAS. THE CITY OF SCHWEINFURT WITH ITS

MASSIVE ARRAY OF FACTORIES PRODUCING MILITARY AND.

INDUSTRIAL COMPONENTS WAS 10 SUFFER EXTENSIVE BOMBING
DAMAGE.

U.S. AND RAF BOMBING CREWS REPORTED FOO FIGHTERS WHILST
OVER SCHWEINFURT THROUGHOUT THE WAR.

[PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS SCHWEINFURT UNDER ATTACK FROM U.S.
EIGHTH ARMY/AIR FORCE ON THE 44th OCTOBER, 1945.

Quest Publications International Ltd Page 3/7

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 196, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
we Rees

i, Re us peas

Me 410: THE SPOILS OF WAR AS BRITISH TECHNICAL
PERSONNEL EXAMINE A GERMAN ADVANCED FIGHTER
AIRCRAFT FORCED TO LAND NEAR THE RIVER SANGRO IN
ALLIED OCCUPIED ITALY.

Page 38

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 615, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I M
PAC
ARE
LAS CRUCES
LAUNCHING
AREA
GANTONMENT
AREA & SHOPS
NEW MEXICO
(O) EL PASO
WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUND
LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO
GERMAN ROCKET
SCIENTISTS
IN THE OPERATION KNOWN
'PAPERCLIP'. WEEKS LATER, ENTIRE V2 ROCKETS AND LAUNCHING
THE WHITE SANDS PROVING GROUNDS IN NEW MEXICO.
AMERICAN V2 ROCKET.
MONTHS LATER,
'BACKFIRE'
OPERATION.
'BACKFIRE'
DESIGNATED CODE NAME GIVEN TO THE GERMAN/AMERICAN OPERATION
TO CONTINUE THE FORMER NAZI ROCKET PROGRAMME.
ABOVE
DIAGRAM RIGHT: THE 1945 LAYOUT OF THE NEW MEXICO
FACILITY WHICH AWAITED THE LIKES OF WERNER VON BRAUN.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 39

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 267, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOTOGRAPH
SHOWS
WERNER
VON
BRAUN
(DAMAGED
ARM)
AND
WALTER
DORNBERGER
BEING ARRESTED BY AMERICAN OFFICIALS IN
MAY 1945.
THEIR WORK FOR GERMANY HAD ENDED'PLACE
SOON THEIR TALENTS WERE
USED TO
THE FIRST EARTHMAN ON THE MOON.
Quest Publications Interational Ltd
Page 40

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 57, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
REFERENCES

Quest Publications International Ltd Pane 41

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1608, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
accept that this
'modern era' or reference to post war UFO
prior the
'Ghost Rocket!
and 'Foo Fighter' reports, strange
Based upon literature dealing with this particular subject
variety of probable categories - namely:-
Foo Fighter
F)
a)
b)
c)
Atmospheric phenomenon
St. Elmo's Fire
Earthlights
Ball Lightning
Unconventional German weaponry - radar-counter measures
psychological weaponry
Mis-identification of known defence systems
Mis-identification of aircraft light configurations
An unknown presence - possibly alien
Ghost Racket
Astronomical phenomenon
Soviet testing of captured V-1 V-2 and German rockets
An unknown presence - possibly alien
I find it quite astonishing that UFO researchers have spent
little
time studying
and analysing the vast array of
constituted an enormous leap in terms of futuristic weaponry.
aircraft (glide), which could confuse and produce doubt in many
programmes were also induced in America by the year 1942.
' Black
Programmes!
until the final months of the war.
should in itself be important.
perone teach the lout to ma die,
The rocket programmes were signiticant, but evidence exists which
nas only until recently, been released. This data signifies anc
heralds a new talking
point. Germany, by the year 1941, was
already researching the
Istealth' programme,
and today,
early designs made by Lippisch and the Horten's are recognised by
American Air Force Historians, as the predecessor to the US B-2
venture's, it is my belief, that
the underlying
trend which
researchers of the UFO have displayed, in respect of ignoring
Quest Publications Intemational Ltd
Page 42

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1394, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
themselves
with our
own particular aviation and military
problems, thus the lack of identifying and relating equations.
Adolf Hitler in private conversations with Albert Speer
the newly appointed Minister for Armourments and Slave Labour
leading weapons companies.
"Had such technology la direct
reference to the rocket programme and various aircraft designs.
The winds
of change were becoming reality, as German forward
failures in the Atlantic, had somewhat turned Germany's offensive
programme, into a quickly hurried defensive one.
projects the world had ever kmown had almost been completed, sen
remarkable circular aircraft programme had
divided into three projects.
Further to these special inventions, the Me262 was ready for mass
halt in 1941. Adolf Hitler never funded or ordered the ultimate
nass production of an array of highly advanced weaponry,
that
Jiven orders were issued in 1941, could have been ready in 1943 -
a thought Hitler was to be haunted with for the rest of his short
in Berlin,
when on the 7th July 1943, Werner Von Braun and
Dornberger (head of the rocket LA] programme at Peenemunde, showed
Hitler a short colour film of the testing of an A4 (V2)
rocket.
Hitler watched in amazement as the rocket disappeared into the
sufficient time was available.
[Norman
Longmate 'The Story of the V-2s' 1985 Hutchinson
Australia]
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 43

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1363, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of Military Historyl
Research) - 1954 documentation]
[Private sources]
ULTRA; The British Intelligence Crypt-analysis organisation
responsible for the interception of Germany's ENIGMA signals.
Third Reich's most remarkable aviation programmes.
Peenemunde cost the German tax-payer some £25,000,000 in
numerous breakthroughs
in rocket technology and was regarded by
the British as the most important target in Germany.
a variety of near coast-line batteries. The success or strike rate
was evident when official figures
released by
the British
government at the end of the war showed some
20% had self-
destructed or had missed their designated target totally.
the indications are, that German technology was rushed
It is no secret that Peenemunde was well defended against heavy
'Foo Fighter' reports when studied carefully, displays a marked
the ability to strike anywhere on the European continent.
RAIDS ON KEY GERMAN INDUSTRIAL AND RESEARCH FACILITIES. IN EFFECT,
THE ESSENCE OF THIS ARGUMENT REVEALS A CLOSE LIAISON BETWEEN
GUARDED TO SOME EXTENT IN 1943, BY THE SS.
The Central
Werkes (works) was chosen as the ultimate
location of
the production of V-2 and other smaller rocket
important establishments should be totally secret from the Allies,
and more importantly, not prone to damage by heavy bombing raids.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 44

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1562, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bloodiest battles of the Second world war.
extensive collaboration with several military
historians in Germany, I received an interesting report designated
Intelligence document interpretation
of details acquired by
methods unknown, although within the papers there is every
indication that ground resistance parties were responsible.
Further to this document/paper,
data within the information
concern reported in that paper reads:
"THE PHOTO EVIDENCE SUGGESTS THAT AN UNDERGROUND
ON A CONSIDERABLE SCALE."
German advanced jet and rocket research component and launch sites
were situated throughout the war zone. Researchers who have often
believed in the lack of mobile ability of such weaponry, perhaps
would do well to study this aspect,
as all the facilities
and Heinkel.
An American Air Force
Intelligence
Officer
commenting
components can be identified, and that other interesting details
which the data displays, cannot.
reconnaissance photographs shown to Dr R.V. Jones, - Air Ministry
Scientific
Intelligence
were conjectured
that [they]
represented launch pads or test firing facilities for rockets.
* SEE DIAGRAM - reference - 'PEENEMUNDE!
10J
(including Peenemunde), speak of large scale defences and extreme
night fighter defence forces, often in collaboration on the ground
working with various new weaponry.
programmes,
it became
essential to discover
background of
engineers and relatively unknown research
information exists in Germany yet through various channels, I did
make significant in-roads.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 45

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1728, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hundreds of key projects and the early research into these are
held in the vast chambers of the Public Records Office in London.
my requests pertaining
to personnel and facilities remain un-
are thought to exist in America and Russia.
Clearly, what the Allied pilots of the Second World War observed,
are still designated - 'Top Secret'.
valuable data will never be released.
interest shown by the RAF intelligence officers de-briefs, and the
remarks made by numerous bombing crews.
14]
A covert Austrian aviation and radio facility situated
thirteen miles south of Vienna.
[Author - 'THE ULTIMATE SOLUTION' 1987]
[Author - 'OPERATION BERLIN' 1988]
15J
16]
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) report
New York Times 1945
Germany's hierarchy were taking place daily at Hitler's bunker ir
was mentioned as 'near completion'. Much of
• this revealed in
captured SS
documentation after the war by advancing and
victorious Allied forces.
18]
Tom Bower - 'The Paperclip Conspiracy! 1987 Paladin
191
After studying various accounts of the first sightings of
'Ghost Rocket! reports, I still remain un-convinced
that any
accurate data exists regarding the initial reports/date. However,
for a much further insight into
the early reports
of this
phenomenon, then 'ABOVE TOP SECRET' - Timothy Good - Sidgwick &
Jackson 1987 is recommended reading.
OKW (German Armed Forces High Command), and the enthusiasm of
independent rocket 'schools', it does seem likely that the centres
were indeed scattered around
Germany •
when hostilities started, various organisations were drafted into
University's such as Vienna and all previous projects were taken
monitored by such authorities - the results
of the
Quest Publications Intemational Ltd
Page 46

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1270, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is well known today, that America in particular used
the flying wing and
underwater boats [U-boats] ) and the
to both friendly western nations, and the Soviet Union.
Little has to be said about the scientific brilliance of the
rocket personnel,
suffice to say,
America's NASA benefited
programmes.
For further indications of the scale of this 'technology transfer'
recommend Tom Bower's
carefully researched comments on the
'PAPERCLIP CONSPIRACY'.
Tom Bower - 'The Paperclip Conspiracy' 1987 - Paladin -
Grafton Books, 8, Grafton Street, London, WiX 3LA, England.
'Freed' nations such as Slovakia, Poland and virtually the
military control of Moscow. Formerly 'independent', many of these
formerly free European nations.
1939 international boundaries.
The final Foo Fighter sightings came in the last months of
Germany's fighting capabilities had ceased, did the reports end.
It is most significant and revealing in my opinion.
By August, 1946, Swedish Government officials described
the constant sightings of Ghost Rockets as,
"extremely dangerous."
therefore a surprise to learn that Norway had already imposed a
In October, 1946, the Swedish government released details of its
official inquiry:
as Swedish aeroplanes."
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 47

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 174, "chars": 1234, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26J
very real and physical structure.
The Swedish
and Norwegian governments both revealed information
indeed, radar tracks made of the Ghost Rockets reveal much
important data, including speed references and height factors.
tracked for many miles, and more importantly - photographed. Only
when the serious nature of the situation became apparent, did the
political decision.
the Northern countries of Europe. I find this somewhat strange,
a three stage rocket to hit New York from Germany was in progress.
The speed attained by this rocket would have been around 6000 mph
performance and reliability.
Official Swedish Government figures. 1946/47
Unlike America and the Soviet Union, Britain was extremely
hundreds of former Nazi scientists into their country to begin
projects, did Britain react. Unfortunately the U.K. was far too
slow and in this respect, and was to receive only a limited amount
planning to build a 'moon rocket".
Of 2500 aeronautic experts working in Germany during the war,
1947, 25% were already conducting researches in Russia, 12% in
America, 8% went to France and Britain had acquired 1%.
291
Directorate of United States intelligence - classified
'TOP SECRET'.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 48

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1461, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30J
The V-1 or 'Doodlebug' as it was 'effectionately! known in
projectile known as Wasserfall (Waterfall - English terminology).
Due to financial restrictions the project which were already
that Hitler fully expected the war
to be a short lived affair
further delayed progress.
the jet engines from the
aircraft prototypes into a single
December, 1942.
31 ]
Directorate of United States intelligence/Naval -
classified 'TOP SECRET'.
Directorate of United States intelligence/Naval -
classified 'TOP SECRET'.
33]
American intelligence agencies, primarily military - at
the beginning of the 'modern era' of UFO phenomenon, noted the
and tried
UFO phenomenon,
and in our case, the Ghost Rockets, do serve
According to government (British) agencies (Ministry of
Defence) UFOs do not represent extraterrestrial objects, and state
quite clearly, that most of the reports can be explained. Civilian
drastically reduced.
35J
As revealed by both American Second World War pilots and
details of the unusual aeroforms.
I was informed that throughout the raids on Germany's
flying objects or Foo
Fighters were often believed to have
defences.
British military papers 1946*; details of several visits
Germany by British weaponry
industrial scientists did
believe that the majority of
Germany's top secret research
facilities
construction departments had been secured by
western nations.
* Currently under investigation by author
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 49

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 998, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40]
Official British government papers - Public Records
Office, London
German designated code - 'MATTSCHEIBE'. This inticate
system was designed to confuse and present an unusual and 'alien!
environment for incoming allied bombers.
effective use.
43]
SS = Schutzstaffel.
The YOHUDI! project - an American Army/Air Force
an aircraft.]
and was effective to the point of being confusing.
45]
Northrop Aviation - B2 'Stealth' bomber. circa 1982
46]
The German Horten IX and other flying wing type aircraft.
aircraft were
successful for their
unique style
potential. By early 1945, the jet varient (prototype) of the
including Junkers, Lippisch, Blohm - Voss, Messerschmitt flying
aircraft was very effective in terms of returning a weak radar
signal.
That the Northrop B2 is now regarded as the ultimate aircraft -
goes some way to help us evaluate the state of German aviation
technology in 1945.
48J
American Army/Air Force intelligence papers. circa 1948
Quest Publications Intemational Ltd
Page 50

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1889, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AUTHORS NOTE
That civilian UFO researchers today can comment upon various situations of war-
torn Europe without a hefty concept of military and civilian reports regarding
the many startling airborne sights which existed primarily from 1943 - 1948 in
these areas is perplexing. Further to this statement one must really interject
psychological
aspects and physical situations - most certainly with 'Foo
Fighter! reports and at least in part to the missiles which prevailed over
Scandinavian countries.
According to many former RAF personnel whom I had the privilege to interview and
Fighters' as conventional aircraft and weapons and mis-identification situations
generated by various conditions such as fear, unusual cloud factors and both
friendly and enemy night-time aircraft viewed under abnormal weather conditions.
This doesn't of course answer the intriguing question of whether or not certain
private facilities under the guise of the waffen SS scientific and technical
laboratories had developed unique craft to perform the manoeuvres and interfere
with the controls (radar) of bombing aircraft such as the Halifax's and
Lancasters. However, one must believe that such a potential did exist, due to
However, I now offer a pilots version of entering Germany's airspace for a night
bombing raid, the date is August, 1943, the target - BERLIN:
On the Berlin Approach
"The first thing we have to do is fly through a wall of searchlights; they are
in hundreds - in cones and in clusters. It's a wall of light, with very few
blue. It is pretty obvious as we come through the searchlights cones that it is
going to be hell over the target.
There is one comfort, and it has been a comfort to me all the time we have been
drowns everything else. It is like running straight into the most gigantic
display of soundless fireworks in the world."
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 51

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1669, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That extract was taken from the diary of Sergeant Ferris Newton, a flight
under those or similar conditions as reported by Newton. Yet Counter
intelligence and decoy targets also played an immense part in the horrifying
games of war played over Germany skies. For example, Pathfinder Units of the RAF
BOMBER COMMAND were under certain secret restrictions - and those restrictions
were at times highly complicated. The PU's led the mass bombing raids over
Germany, quite often it was these aircraft that took the brunt of the attack by
their target flares coloured red and green to identify military facilities and
industrial locations, the main thrust of attacking aircraft homed in to drop
confusion aircraft had simulated dummy attacks by dropping a variety of flares
and bombs to try and confuse approaching night fighter aircraft which had been
sent to intercept.
to follow the PU's, they never deviated.
many occasions blinded bomb crews and caused much confusion as they dipped
fighters released an array of brilliant 'hanging' flares so ground flak
batteries could target their aim, and also assisted themselves if a second or
new invention to the Me 110 and other aircraft which were to defend the night
skies over Germany. The weapon was code-named SCHRAGE MUSIK, and allowed the
fighter to travel directly under the in-coming bombers and beneath the cloud
believed that by attacking in bad weather, the bomb crews would find no airborne
resistance, this new German weapon allowed the night fighter relative safety and
would have both confused and caused terror. Hundreds of bombers were lost due to
Schrage Musik.
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 52

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 982, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
That many (or most) of the pilots reported the 'Foo Fighters' ascending is not
surprising to my mind. Already in this paper we have displayed many potentials,
As the bombers approached ground targets, radar had already made contact with
the aircraft. In constant touch with hundreds of 'flak towers' in and around the
their final positions - following often unseen aircraft above cloud. The flak
towers were usually ordered not to fire until the last few seconds, just in case
the bombers (due to their not being fired upon) moved over significant
facilities. Usually however the Pathfinders were spot-on, and dropped their
recognition flares. Seconds later the flak from the gun batteries tore into the
sky. Searchlight concentrations and the sight of hundreds of airborne flares
signalled the beginning of a terrifying period, it was of course much worse on
scene was one of sheer devastation. Is it any wonder I ask, that under these
Quest Publications International Ltd
Page 53

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
fe) ire

—————— ee

ee

he Te ae

'.
1 '
-
=
il '
-
La i '
ia Gl
r
= **
i ¥-
"
=
i‘. t
'
F
ry} ra ’
= kh _
eral Ning
oT = .
af
=e
t
i
'
r
ea
F =
. =
=
r 7
ea
"Ff
=
-
"
4
wr aan
‘we
Fi
a"
if =
= ‘. y 7 +
P J id .
oe i F-4
di ‘ ns —s
gi he
athe -
i a
a sill g
! a —
ro ofl
= cry
i
a |
'
- a
Fem
i

'
e
cal
ul
bs Li
i
‘
‘
=H
| i
™/
ba E satel
- os
2 *
. =
4 ad
—_
- "i
“
=
i
‘ '
é i.
ay
*
=
F
a F eal
®

ail
a .
« “I
= ‘
2
a
a}
ike
| <i
gi
. i.
. i
'
i
i
i .
ot
i“
P ",
* i
ee
ca eo
= 1
'
= i.
1
1
a
ie
rr |
J f
Len ‘
a

a

j 4

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 339, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
MAIN PICTURE.
("WATERFALL")
. (“RHINE DAUGHTER")

5) HENSHEL HS 117 SCHMETTERLING

ALL TO SCALE

MAIN RESEARCH BUILDING, PEENEMUNDE
RHEINBOTE. ("RHINE MESSENGER™)

3) C-2 WASSERFALL.

2) RHEINMETALL
4) RHEINTOCHTER R1

1) A4&.(V-2)

- (“BUITERFLY")

a we tee ;
ii? i

Fi : sai ae a

, "a pe |]
Lj Bey
! se

a ae st Ae eae ced eras He wai

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 8, "chars": 58, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ret:

=! en)

a lf eal

o_o
f

.
il

i a

eer

wy

24

Fi
