{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T08:30:31Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3527432, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127441-project-red-light-article-by-preston-dennett-us-air-force-ufo.pdf", "source_sha256": "ad991fcd0fce49ac69e9e9fe9a98c244f4b3c3b471425dd8deb83d1c234ea06a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2888, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXPOSED!
"PROJECT REDLIGHT"
ARE WE FLYING THE SAUCERS TOO?
by Preston Dennett
Art by Christine Dennett "Kesara"
W
hen the now famous MJ-12 documents
were released, several other documents
were also released. One of them was en-
titled Project Aquarius, and a paragraph
on this document referred to a "Project Snowbird" which
stated that, "Originally established in 1972, it's mission was
o test fly a recovered alien aircraft. This project is contin-
Jing in Nevada...
Project Snowbird may be part of yet another top-secret
›peration called Project Redlight. In the Fall of 1989 issue
of UFO Universe, Milton William Cooper released some
of the results of his research. In the article, CLASSIFIED
ABOVE TOP SECRET: "OPERATION MAJORITY,"
Cooper stated that Project Snowbird was "established as
• COVER for Project Redlight."
About Project Redlight, Cooper said that its "... mis-
sion was to test fly recovered alien craft. This project was
Jostponed after every attempt resulted in the destruction
of the craft and death of the pilots... Project Redlight was
esumed in 1972. This project has been partially success-
ul. UFO sightings of craft accompanied by black helicop-
ers are Project Redlight assets. This project is ongoing
it 'Area 51' in Nevada."
It is interesting that Cooper mentions unmarked helicop-
ers. There is a very famous UFO case known as the Cash/
andrum Radiation case. On December 29, 1980, Betty
sh, Vickie Landrum and Colby Landrum encountered
a UFO on a lonely Texas highway. The UFO, however,
was surrounded by nearly twenty helicopters of definite
Earthly origins. Why would a UFO have twenty helicop-
ters escorting it above a highway?
This case could very well be our best evidence of Pro-
ject Redlight. The unfortunate witnesses, especially Bet-
ty Cash, suffered radiation burns. Betty's eyes swelled
shut, she suffered hair and skin loss, nausea, diarrhea,
stomach cramps and head-aches. She had sores on her
hands that persisted even after eight months.
Other people have witnessed UFOs that don't seem to
be piloted by beings from other planets. One such case
was picked up by Lucius Farish's UFO NEWSCLIPPING
SERVICE. Rick Murry told the story in his article, IS THAT
THING A UFO, OR THE USAF? The incident took place
in the 1960s in New Jersey. According to Murray, his
father saw a typical saucer-shaped UFO while travelling
on Route 70. According to Murray, another man drove
up in a car and witnessed the UFO with his father. As they
were watching it, Air Force personnel drove up in jeeps
and tried to convince the men that what they'd seen was
their imagination.
This case would be just like many other UFO cases ex-
cept for two things. As Murray says, "... the heads my
father saw through the portals were human. And along
the craft's fuselage, in bold print, were the letters USAF."
Again, it seems, the military is in possession of flying
39

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2010, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RESTRIGTEI
saucers and is flying them around.
Another account is told in the Vol. 3, No. 4, 1988 issue
of the California-based magazine, UFO. Bill Hamilton's ar-
ticle, THE MILITARY'S 'SECRET SPACE PROGRAM
contains the story of someone who claimed to actually
work in 'Area 51' of the Redlight Project Area in Nevada.
Writes Bill Hamilton, "In the early 1960s, a radio techni-
cian working at Area 51 reported seeing a saucer on the
ground, some 20 or 30 feet in diameter. He said when it
flew through the air, it was silent. The technician also
claimed to have viewed a number of wooden shipping
crates marked 'Project Redlight.' That project may have
been a forerunner to something called Project Snowbird."
Such stories may seem rare, but they are actually much
more common than most people realize. By pure luck, !
was able to procure two separate accounts that seem to
be evidence of Project Redlight, the alleged Air Force study
to fly UFOs acquired through crash/retrievals.
The information from the first account was told by a
Art work provided by Scotia America Productions
from an unreleased movie poster on crashed UFOs.
friend of my father's who knows one of the central wit-
nesses of the case. The information was gained through
two or three casual conversations, each talk eliciting more
data.
This case involves two people - neither of whom would
give their names. The first person, I shall call Greg Ed-
wards. Greg Edwards had a best friend whom he consid-
ered a blood brother. I shall call his friend Tom Matthews,
as he is the central witness in this case.
Greg and Tom were best buddies, and Greg thought
he knew all there was to know about Tom. Then one day,
Tom approached Greg with a startling revelation. Tom said
that nearly everything he had told Greg about his life
wasn't true - that he lied about his job, where he work-
ed, what he did - everything. All lies.
Tom then told Greg what he really did for a living. What
Tom revealed about his work is the stuff of science-fiction.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1003, "chars": 5974, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
But Tom insisted that it was all true.
Tom's story began in high school. He was very bright
and had received an exceptionally high score on the Schol-
astic Aptitude Test. In fact, his scores were so high, it
caused some attention to be paid to him. It seemed that
the United States Government was very interested in Tom
and wanted him to work for them. He had no idea then
what his high scores were going to cost him.
Government officials first approached Tom's parents,
and asked them if they would allow their son to work for
the government. When Tom's parents gave their consent,
Tom was approached and given an offer he couldn't re-
fuse. In exchange for his services, he would receive a Top
Secret security clearance to match a ridiculously large sal-
ary. His job was to conduct research in a Top Secret un-
derground base in Alaska.
Tom accepted the offer and went directly out of high
school and into government service. He told everyone that
he was stationed at a base in Nevada - but this was only
a cover story. In reality Tom spent only the weekends in
Nevada. On weekdays he flew by private military jet to
a Top Secret Government base in Alaska.
The base was an eight story building located almost
totally underground. The base financed itself by setting
up the world's leading drug smugglers. Officials would ar-
rest the drug smugglers, confiscate all the money and
Authentic Ancient Secrets YOU Can Use!
GENUINE POWERS YOU CAN CONTROL
TO DO YOUR BIDDING!
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. THE SECRETS
FOR YOUR SUCCESS ARE IN THESE REMARKABLE BOOKS.
Famous Voodoo Rituals & Spells $3.50
By H.U. Lampe. Gain the tremendous powers
hat Voodoo can give you. This is the world's
nost complete book of fascinating Voodo
spells and rituals to get money, love, and any-
thing else you want. Hundreds of strange and
wondrous things you have never dreamed of.
Secrets that will change your life to the best.
Black And White Magic
$3.50
of Marie Laveau
Here are the powers of the world. famous Voo.
doo Queen of Old New Orleans. Use her rem-
edies and spells to solve your problems and
have a happy and comfortable life. Marie had
clients from all over the world, and she gave
them a rich life. Her methods are widely used
today, and they will work wonders for you.
Master Book Of Candleburning
$4.00
By H.Gamache. The famous original. Lists rit.
uals, candles, oils used in solving life's many
personal problems. Candle rituals have helped
since Biblical times and will help you today.
Step-by-step instructions to insure your suc-
cess.
There is no guesswork. You are able to
satisfy your needs and desires.
Book Of Magical Talismans
$3.50
By Elbee Wright. Talismans have changed the
lifes of millions and they can change yours.
Learn exactly how they are used to obtain love,
good luck, money, health, and the good things
of life. Fully illustrated with directions on how
to use them. Hundreds of remarkable talismans
from around the world. All are available today.
Also includes the famous ancient treatise of
the BLACK PULLET and its magical seals.
drugs, and then turn around and sell the drugs back to
another smuggler - whom they would then proceed to
arrest and confiscate. It sounds like a strange way to
finance a scientific-military research base, but it is obvious-
ly very profitable. Although not strictly legal, such prac-
tices could be justified in the name of National Security
(at least in some minds.)
Tom reported that the base was mainly a research sta-
tion that nabbed up some of the best scientific minds in
the country, and had the latest technology for advanced
research. There were three major areas of research of
which he was aware.
Firstly, the base researched and developed biological
weapons, which, as Tom said, made all other weapons
seem like childsplay.
Secondly, the base researched and developed electron-
ic sensory and detection devices that allowed telescopic
sight through solid objects, such as walls.
Thirdly - and most importantly - the base research-
ed and developed electromagnetic propulsion devices -
flying crafts which needed no fuel other than the Earth's
magnetic field on which to operate. According to Tom,
the ships look like UFOs, and are able to hover silently,
and move at astonishing speeds. As Tom says in his own
words, "Some of the UFOs seen over Alaska are prob-
(Continued On Page 59)
BRING MIRACULOUS GOOD LUCK,
LOVE, and MONEY INTO YOUR LIFE!
THESE POWERS HAVE WORKED FOR CENTURIES!
THEY CAN WORK FOR YOU!
Mastering Witchcraft by P. Huson
$1.95
Witchcraft is the use of nature's powers that
you can easily learn. You will benefit in get.
ting what you want and need, If you want to
contro! your life, influence others, gain love
and money, here is the way to do it.
All for
good purposes with the best witchcraft book
to be had. All the secrets can be yours!
Modern
Witchcraft Spellbook
$3.50
By Anna Riva, A gold mine of modern witch-
craft spells, use of potions, oils, herbs, pow
Here is a secret and wonderful world where
you can easily learn how to get the riches
of life. You get full instructions that are
easy to use. Here's the way to happiness.
Book Of Legendary Spells
$6.95
By Elbee Wright. Powerful spell rituals of the
BOK OF
LEUK KHAKY
ancient sorcerors. All explained in exact de-
tail and so easy to use. For helping you to ob-
tain anything you need or desire. Mystery and
magie are yours to control when you have this
fascinating book of magical secrets.. The best
book of its kind and famous the world over.
Magical Charms, Potions, Secrets
$3.00
For Love, By C.A.Nagle.
Love for man or woman. Largest collection of
egendary magical methods for obtaining and
keeping love permanently. How to bring back a
lost lover.How to defeat love rivals. Treating
impotence. How to attract the opposite sex,
These secrets can give you the love you want.
Plus $1.00 shipping.
Sorry, No CODs
Satisfaction guar-
anteed, or refund.
MARLAR PUBLISHING CO.
Box 17038- B, Minneapolis, MN 55417

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 492, "chars": 2886, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXPOSED!
(Continued From Page 41)
ably ours."
Tom didn't say exactly what his job at the base entail-
ed, but he did say that the security was extremely high.
Every week he was subjected to a horrible ritual. Due to
the nature of his job, everything about him had to be
known. He would be taken to a special room where he
was dosed with Sodium Pentathol and put into a hypnotic
trance. For a period of a couple hours, he would be inter-
rogated into every aspect of his life for the past week.
Every detail would be laid bare to make sure that there
were no security leaks. This agonizing ritual was repeat-
ed every week as long as he was at the base. There were
no exceptions.
Tom evidently got out of the business after several years
as the lifestyle was too harsh. Since he left the base he
has been, and still is, under close monitoring by the gov-
ernment. After his release from the base, he was offered
several extremely high-paying jobs by some of the coun
try's leading corporations. Tom declined these offers and
pursued a more modest job and lifestyle.
So closes Tom's story, which alone could be easily dis-
missed. But in league with those collected by other re-
searchers, it seems evident that the government is in
possession of UFOs, and are in fact, flying them around!
I received further corroboration of this from a man nam-
ed, Johnathon S., who was at one time employed by the
United States Army. Johnathon S. was employed as a
Flight Commander Trainee at Aniston Air-Force Base in
Alabama when he himself suffered a period of missing time
during a close-up sighting of a metallic disk. The encount-
er occurred in late 1976 on Army base grounds. The sight-
ing left him convinced that UFOs were real. But he never
thought the subject would cross his path again.
Later, after Johnathon had left the Army, he was told
a strange story by a man I shall call Bill. Bill is the brother-
in-law of Johnathon's ex-girlfriend.
Bill was employed by the Central Intelligence Agency.
Johnathon noticed that every winter, Bill would disappear
for the season. When the cold was over, Bill would re-
turn with a deep, dark, tan, and a strange tropical disease
that he had contracted from some exotic unknown
country.
At the time Johnathon knew Bill, Bill was a retired-CIA
agent, (if there is such a thing as Johnathon points out),
and was employed as a private detective. The subject of
UFOs came up one day, and Bill told Johnathon what he
had found out while working for the CIA.
Bill said that he knew first-hand that the Air Force had
in it's possession a crashed UFO, and that alien bodies
had been collected by the military where they were being
studied. Bill told Johnathon that the aliens were pretty
much human-like, but that their organs were all messed
up - that their heart was located in their rectum, the
blood-blood pressure was way off the scale, along with
59

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3506, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
other strange abnormalities. Bill states further that he knew
that one of the aliens was kept alive, though all the others
had died when the UFO crashed.
But that was just the beginning. Bill then stated that
the government was not only holding a number of crash-
ed UFOs, but that they were flying them around. Bill said
that they would fly the UFOs above the interstate high-
ways in New Mexico. They would travel late at night, and
would go from base to base. This was apparently a regular
practice - one which resulted in an inevitable accident.
According to Bill, the UFOs were manned by military
personnel. And one night, a military-owned UFO crashed
directly on an interstate highway in New Mexico. Bill said
that the entire highway was completely cordoned off
around the crash site, and the highway was closed down.
Because it was impossible to keep the event entirely secret,
the media and the public were misinformed that it was
simply the crash of a military aircraft. The UFO
and all
traces of it were quickly recovered.
Johnathon was quite taken aback by Bill's story and
said, "This is dangerous information. Why are you telling
Bill said, "It doesn't matter because nobody will believe
you anyway," and made an insinuation that those who
knew too much mysteriously disappeared.
Johnathon was shocked by the information. Because
he had a previous UFO sighting. Johnathon was certain
UFOs were real, but he had no idea that UFOs had crash-
ed and been recovered, and he wasn't sure if he was hap-
py about knowing it. He asked me if I had heard of any-
thing like this before and was quite surprised that I had.
He kept saying, "Really?!" as I related similar stories to
him. It was obvious that he thought UFO crashes were
unheard of.
UFO crashes are more common than most people real-
ize. The subject first came to attention with Frank Scul-
ly's book, BEHIND THE FLYING SAUCERS. Perhaps the
most well-known and best-documented case was reveal-
ed in Charles Berlitz's and William Moore's book, THE
ROSWELL INCIDENT. Other books that tell of UFO crash/
recoveries are Raymond Fowler's, CASEBOOK OF A UFO
INVESTIGATOR, and William Steinman's, UFO CRASH
AT AZTEC.
The most comprehensive work in UFO crashes has been
done by Leonard Stringfield who began his research with
his book, SITUATION RED: THE UFO SIEGE. When.re-
ports continued, he privately printed his STATUS RE-
PORTS, which tell literally hundreds of cases of UFO
crash/retrievals. If there is a cover-up of UFO evidence,
it definitely has a few leaks.
It should be obvious by now that the United States Gov-
ernment does in fact have in its possession crashed UFOs
and alien bodies. The preceding accounts, if true, indicate
that not only does the government own a few UFOs, but
that they are flying them around. Project Redlight seems
to have been a success.
If this looks to you
like a goose on roller skates,
you could be going blind.
No, there's nothing wrong with your vision.
But there could be something wrong with your eyes
You could have an eye disease serious enough to blind
you, and not even know it. The leading cause of blindness in
adults, glaucoma, has no symptoms in early stages.
There is no cure. But there is hope.
You can stop glaucoma from advancing (and many
other eye diseases from happening in the first place) by
seeing an eye doctor at least every two years.
Remember, no one can save your sight but you.
National Society to Prevent Blindness
Box 2020, Madison Square Station, New York, N.Y. 10159
60

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 471, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PRESS, Atlantic City, NJ
Aug-
29.
1988
- By RICK MURRAY
Is that thing
a UFO, or
the USAF?
On the night of Aug. 21, this
observer saw
his first UFO. It
probably would have been an im-
pressive sight,
It only the thing
had hung around long enough
But as it was, the UFO moved
in and out of view so rapidly, the
mind hardly had a chance to fight
off the imagination. Sometimes.
as we all know, slivers of reality
can be particularly elusive if they
come at us too hard, fast
weird.
and
Your reporter's
best recollec
Lion is that it was a metallic dart
of an object. t was riding hig
enourh to where your eyes could
only track it if the curve of your
skull was braced hard against the
back of your collar.
There was a steady light in the
front
- can't remember
what
color - and you could tell some
thing intelligent was directing the
object because it diant arc
and
fade in the haphazard way of a
shooting star or meteorite.
At one point, the UPD released
a bie putt of exhaust that either
on its own or did so after
getting caught in a
wider-than
asual moon beam. Its line of trav
el was straight and horizontal and
deliberate,
cutting
through
world's worth of sky in a fraction
of a second.
A colleague here at the paper
says the UFO was probably the
Concorde.
Sounds
good,
except
that Federa Aviation Administa-
tion officials report that nothing
unusual showed up
on their local
radar that night. Not a Concorde
Not a wayward piece
of NASA
hardware. Nothing
There's a network of UFO buffs
whose spokesman claims to have
received
plenty of calls on this
latest sighting from as far north
as Vermont and as far south as
Maryland.
The callers all
de-
seribe the phenomenon much the
same way.
Most
nobody's
ever
going to know tor sure what that
thing was, but for the benefit of
those who care, here's some food
for thought:
It comes compliments of a qui-
et, sober gentleman of advanced
middle-are, who never hurt any-
body,
and,
tara
anybody
knows, never told a lie.
He's my
dad.
This was maybe 20 years ago
and be was on
nis way nome to
Cunden from
Toms
River.
The
FORECO
was full and his route of
travel,
Route
mains
70,
was
and re
surrounded by dense
pine
forrest. Por most of the way, the
rattie but dads old Ford Faither
Don't remember where he was
coming from that night, but wher
ever it was, there'd
liquor and no funny business.
there
was " be
recalls even to this day. "A flying
sancer.
WES
hovering
just
above the treeline. 1 could ever
make
out
heads
through
the
saucer's portals."
He
screeched to a halt, and
after a few
minutes.
asing car did the sar
another
This other driver was hyster
cal when be
saw it," be says.
(continued on page 7

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 929, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(continued from page 7 -
PRESS, Atlantic City, NJ
- Aug. 29, 1988)
"Then, out of nowhere, these Air
Force guys came in jeeps. There
was a bunch of 'em. The guy was
babbling by this time, but I just
played it cool."
The Air Force officers told my
father that what he'd seen was a
figment of his imagination.
Dad sized them up. He saw the
guns, the official posturing, and
now, instead of a UFO, he was
seeing handwriting on a wall. And
this handwriting was telling him
that, sure enough, he hadn't seen
a damn thing. The smart move,
he knew, was to shrug sheepishly
and just slink on out of there.
Which is what he did.
"The other guy, he just kept
screaming," he says, shaking his
head. "They put him in a jeep and
took him away."
Before you write this off as just
another crank's yarn, understand
that the heads my father saw
through the portals were human.
And along the craft's fuselage, in
bold print, were the letters USAF.
