{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T17:31:03Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1756934, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127453-russian-general-speaks-out-on-ufos-1997.pdf", "source_sha256": "5526118458f90a3fc8c26b546e87d07c4af0bbd09edcaf1c57be28f29b0135fe"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2686, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Re: Russian General UFO's
A couple of people are networking this around the internet today...so this is
just FYI:
Russian General speaks Out!
Interview with Major-General Vasily Alexeyev of the Russian Air Force.
Space Communications Centre, Moscow, 1997
On behalf of 2000 FILM PRODUCTIONS, I
XXX internationally
active company, our Russian co-worker and correspondent Valery Uvarov
interviewed one of the most knowledgeable Russian/Ex-Soviet Generals,
Major General Vasily Alexeyev, on the subject of UFOs. The text was
released exclusively in the German edition of MAGAZINE 2000plus in May
2000. Here we publish, for the first time, its full text in English. A
video recording of the full interview is available for interested TV
stations.
VU - Valery Uvarov, VA - Major General Vasili Alexejev
VU: As a military man when did you first hear about or have to do with
UFOs?
VA: If we are speaking about my military capacity, it was in the 1980s
when I happened to be serving not in a regular unit, but in the central
staff. Work in the central staff entails close links with the units in
the field and a large amount of travelling. There were many reports from
unit level regarding a large number of observations of unexplained
phenomena. You should bear in mind that at that time much was simply
denied. The subject was to a large extent a closed one. On the ground,
however, people wanted to find out what was what, to separate truth from
fiction. In that period a lot of things were presented in such a way
that you lost the desire to believe. Accordingly an attitude to the
subject became established, where not only was there no desire to
believe, it was even undesirable to believe.
Nevertheless the information coming in from the bases was of interest if
only because it was not merely talk and rumours; there were
eye-witnesses to phenomena and that was reflected in specific documents
and the reports of officials. At times this information was of such a
fascinating nature that it was impossible not to believe it. Later the
question no longer seemed so fantastic and began to be examined at the
level not only of the Defence Ministry, but of other government
departments as well. This interest specifically expressed itself in
certain experts being sent to investigate, especially to those places
where UFOs, let's call them that, appeared quite frequently.
I know a whole number of military bases in that category. As a rule they
are objects of strategic significance, rocket complexes, scientific test
establishments, in other words the places where there is a high
concentration of advanced science and, to some degree, danger. Because
- mann
........n.on...
n.....

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3290, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
every nuclear rocket, every new airforce installation represents a
breakthrough both in science and in military terms; it is first and
oremost a peak, the summit of human achievement. And that is where UFOs
appeared fairly often. Moreover, individual officers and commanders on
the spot who knew about the phenomenon and had no official instructions
on the matter, acted on their own initiative to investigate UFOs,
recording data, and so on. I know that in some places they even leamed
to create a situation which would deliberately provoke the appearance of
a UFO. A UFO would appear where there was increased military activity
connected, say, with the transportation of "special" loads. It was
enough artificially stimulate or schedule such a move for a UFO to
appear. In other words, some kind of conditional relationship emerged.
And they detected it. We're an intelligent nation, nothing escapes us. I
know that at certain testing ranges - I won't name them, although it's
1o longer a secret - they even learnt to make contact of a kind
What did that consists of? First the UFO appeared; in most instances it
was a sphere, but there were other kinds. Contact was achieved with the
help of physical indications of behaviour - pointing your arms in
various directions, say, and the sphere became flattened in the same
direction. If you raised your arms three times, the UFO flattened out in
a verical direction three times as well. In the early 1980s, on the
instructions of the then Soviet leadership, experiments using technical
devices (theodolites, radar stations, and others) were carried out as a
result of which the unidentified objects were firmly recorded as
instrumental data.
VU: Can you say on what level those researches took place? While
studying the material from those observations and the contents of
certain documents I formed the impression that the prime reason for
circulars and orders on this matter in the armed forces was that they
most likely considered UFOs a new sort of weapon belonging to some
hostile country. Isn't that why orders were issued on the rigorous
investigation and examination of the appearance and behaviour of UFOs by
all available ways and means? What was the nature of the recording, on
instruments and in written documents, of the time of appearance,
trajectory and other characteristics?
VA: I think that on the whole there were two reasons. First, a great
deal of information of various kinds was coming in from all over. I know
of a case when workers from one of the research establishments outside
Month ly to Noabiek, thie a teport to in they fate and an encounter
with a UFO that accompanied their plane in the air. Being sensible
people and inclined to scientific analysis, they managed to share out
their roles so that during the observation some watched and dictated,
others sketched, a third group kept track of time. In that way the
real-time experiment. Reports of UFO sightings came in regularly. And
evidently somewhere nearer the core of our leadership in the sphere of
the Defence Ministry, the Academy of Sciences and so on, a lot of this
laymen, but from scientists and professionals as well. Military men in
general are not inclined to fantasise. They only report what they see,
what actually occurs.
a mann
...non....

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3460, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
They are people you can believe. You should not forget that the ams
race was sill going on at this time, a struggle for military and other
priorities. New discoveries in science and technology were being made
all the time. The UFOs were something new and not understood. And there
really was an idea that they might be some means of gathering
intelligence. I don't think that it only happened here. For example, one
of the reports of a state commission that worked on one of the
testing-ranges in Volgograd region proposed several versions for the
origin of the phenomenon. They referred to possible natural processes
that we have failed to recognise, but did not exclude the possibility
that it was a form of reconnaissance.
At that very time, and slightly later, a whole group of disguised
electronic intelligence-gathering devices were in reality discovered on
those testing-ranges. But it is interesting that one of the official
versions from the commission, included among the final points, was the
possibility that UFOs belonged to an extraterrestrial civilisation! That
was very interesting!
VU: At what level was investigation carried out? To what extent was
there a scientific approach, or was it simply recording data?
VA: It was more like recording data. By the nature of my work I
received information from various military units across Russia, the
Soviet Union as it then was. I know that that material was sent on
without any explanations or annotations to the relevant bodies higher
up. I was aware that there were groups engaged in investigating UFOs,
and perhaps something more, but at that time the level of secrecy over
this question was such that all that took place was receiving
information and subsequently sending it on higher up: people came to see
me, but, as we were military men, there were no explanations of any
kind. They simply said they were interested in this or that. Then they
came up with a table with pictures of all the shapes of UFOs that had
ever been recorded - about fifty, ranging from ellipses and spheres
through to something resembling spaceships. Witnesses were asked what it
looked liked, then they pinned down the locality and so on. After which
all the material was passed on. As a result it is hard to say how the
work was continued, to what extent it was scientific.
I knew that some kind of work was going on in the Defence Ministry, the
Academy of Sciences and the intelligence services. But things were such
that those who weren't directly connected with the investigations didn't
know what was going on. We only provided the information. I must admit
that there was an awful lot of information. And here, around Moscow,
above many air-defence sites, testing-ranges and other installations -
those are the places where UFOs appear most often.
VU: You just said that people came to you who were interested on
information about UFO sightings. Then that information was passed on up.
Some intelligence services were engaged in analysing the information
What do you think - as a man of experience who has attained such a higt
position and rank - regarding the interests of humanity as a whole, was
the information you provided gathered and used to positive or negative
ends? In the West the idea is firmly established that when gathering
information about UFOs the intelligence services in America, and in
Russia too, were and are guided not by the interests of humanity as a
whole, but rather the opposite.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 491, "chars": 2917, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VA: I think that politics interfered with science here. Investigation
itself? That was why they had to get to the bottom of it. But I don't
think, in fact I practically exclude the idea that the Russian military
were scheming in some way. It is simply out of the question. The very
structure of the military organisations, the intelligence services and
the Academy of Sciences make it impossible to decide matters of that
kind without the intervention of the government and other state
institutions.
Anyone with common-sense, knowing the structure of the state, will have
to admit that such a thing is simply impossible. The more so as the
work on investigating UFOs was being duplicated by several bodies. Even
if only one department of state had studied the question, and some
maladjusted individual working there tried to conceal information and
use it to his own ends, that too would have been impossible. If, say,
the Defence Ministry had had a monopoly on the question, the
intelligence services would in all tikelihood have known about it,
reports would have been passed by various channels anyway. After all, we
don't have one organisation that does the checking, ours is a system
with lots of facets and lots of channels, which absolutely rules out the
possibility of making selfish use of the results for hidden goals.
VU: Thank you. That is a very important question that worries people
not only in Russia, but around the world.
VA: I agree. It is a global issue, a geopolitical one. I am sure that
the Americans and other countries have built up a large quantity of this
kind of information. I am certain today that there is a great deal of
this information. And anyway, this issue, like thermonuclear weapons, is
a global one. It is a question of the survival of humanity, considering
how poor our conceptions about the environment and energy resources are,
the ecological problems that are emerging. We burn up the oxygen and do
a lot of other things, and in the last resort it is hard to say where we
will end up and to what extent these processes are irreversible. A way
out has to be found; there must be some kind of breakthrough. With those
problems in mind, the study of UFOs may reveal some new forms of energy
to us, or at least bring us closer to a solution. Therefore questions
bound up with UFOs and all the accompanying phenomena are, I believe on
the whole, the concern of all mankind.
And here our leaders at the relevant level should take matters seriously
and find an acceptable solution. Many prominent scientists of world
rank have spoken of the need for such an approach. Why it hasn't come
about yet is hard to say. At the present moment it is probably bound up
vith the formation of a new Russia. At times our funding is irregular
and not very weil organised. Well, God willing, we'll struggle through
Many countries today have reached a certain level in science and in the
Damn. A

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3215, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
study of this question. We have obtained certain results, and at present
the issue is the creation of some single body that would bring together
all our knowledge on this matter. I believe things would be easier then.
The Americans have got something interesting, so have we. Conclusions
have been made and data assembled, for years gone by as well, and now
they have been "shelved" somewhere. Perhaps it would be enough to put
one thing together with another for the whole question to appear in a
completely different light.
VU: How are things today as regards investigation, recording and so on,
in your sphere, for example.
VA: Much worse today than they were before. But that is not due any
decline in interest. What is the chief concern in the armed forces now?
- How to survive! Who's going to bother about UFOs? The question has, I
think, temporarily become secondary purely for economic reasons. We will
resume this work as soon as we get a bit stronger.
VU: Are you personally interested in the question of UFOs?
VA: I have a strong personal interest. While still a schoolboy | dreamt
about extraterrestrial civilisations; I looked for life on Mars and
even on Venus. Sometimes I regret that I have never myself observed a
UFO in an active manifestation like some people - when it was not simply
a glowing sphere but something more intriguing. And there are a great
deal of facts like that, right up to contacts with aliens.
VU: During our last meeting you said a lot about encounters between
military personnel and UFOs.
VA: There was a case with us outside Moscow when two warrant officers
felt an inner urge to go outside. And one of them found himself directly
at the landing site of a flying device. He made mental contact - not at
the level of speech, but telepathically, in thought forms. He was given
a invitation to visit the space-ship, but due to fear or some purely
personal reasons he couldn't accept. Later he made some interesting
drawings of the ship. I saw the their explanatory notes and drawings
depicting what they had seen. Their account was supplemented by the
reports and drawings of the duty officers and their deputies and a whole
number of conscripts who were on guard duty. In all the accounts the
place and time were compatible and the drawings of the ship flying away
had much in common.
VU: After talking to you 1 form an impression I would like to hope is
true - that you are the person who is willing and able to help get to
the bottom of this phenomenon.
VA: Yes, when you have the mass of documentary material which I have
worked with, from specific people, eye-witnesses, and that over a period
of several years, in different regions, then your attitude to the UFO
phenomenon naturally changes. You know I have kept some photographs for
myself. Here they are fixing an object with instruments that determine
the distance to it, measure its angular velocity and so on... They start
to probe it with the locator. As soon as the locator touched it, the
object disappears and the observers see it in a different place. The
object runs away. There are a large number of facts like that,
inexplicable for contemporary science. As if some kind of intelligence
.. ....
_..
•

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 388, "chars": 2310, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
was reacting.
VU: Can I ask your opinion on the question you have probably asked
yourself lots of times? What do you think - are UFOs representatives of
other civlisations?
VA: I think it highly possible.
VU: What in your opinion draws them here?
VA: I think that if their level of civilisation allows them to move in
space across great distances, possibly in other forms of material - and
that is indeed the case - then at their level of development, when it
comes down to it, they are also concerned about normal relations between
people, some sort of progress, ultimately the survival of intelligent
life, if it does exist in the world. And if we look at the Earth from
that point of view, then our whole history is a tale of wars, a tale of
self-destruction, and not creation. Its the history of murders and the
death of whole peoples. Not a single truly civlised society could
tolerate that. Life has a different meaning. No normal person can walk
past if a child is drowning! They will save it, if only because that
child represents their future. And the higher the level of civilisation,
the greater the awareness of that. If that works at the level of the
single individual, then it will also work at the level of civilisations.
But they do not interfere nevertheless, because each civilisation should
develop independently, according to certain laws.
Outside interference in natural processes is always a risky business.
But some sort of correction, not allowing processes of disintegration to
begin when they will bring the history of civlisation to an end, is
evidently included in the plans of the Higher Intelligence.
VU: Thank you for sharing your thoughts with us. I really hope that
this will not be the last time we meet. We will probably think of more
questions for you.
VA: I wish you every success. I hope you find help not only from God,
from your active engagement, but that you encounter people who will help
you to realise what you have conceived, because it is not only important
for the whole of humanity, it also demands serious investment. But it
seems to me that you have sufficient energy and enthusiasm. The main
thing is that you have plenty of people alongside
you who provide moral support. That is very important. All the best.
Interviewer: Valery Uvarov, Moscow, March 1997
