{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T00:53:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 205679, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127491-gordon-cooper-1951-and-1957-sightings-magazine-article-july-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "5d0a34cc942eecea886a3f3d18e722c4d998e715ab6d0ce34c5570dcf5c04c31"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 798, "chars": 4814, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO CHRONICLE
byl. Antonio Huneeus
'Astronaut Gordon Cooper
speaks up about UFOs
After a 14-year silence, legendary
Mercury Seven. astronaur Gordon
Cooper is again talking about UFOs,
things he saw, evidence he collected or
transmitted, and his views about alien
" civilizations visiting Earth.
' Cooper is an American hero and his
credibility is beyond doubt, He granted
at least two interviews with people
working on UFO documentaries in the
past year: received the videotape of
i one of the interviews from Michael
Hesemann, the well-known German.
ufologist; author, and documentarian.
from Düsseldorf
Hesemann explained in an interview
that he interviewed Cooper at his office
in California on December 14; 1993."!
told him I wanted to interview him for a
German TV program and video docu-
mercary, " said Hesemann. "I started with
general conversation about his space
flighis, then asked him about his UN ini-
dative." Cooper's last public comments
about UFOs were made in the late "70s.
during an effort to establish some kind of
UFO "agency or department" at the
United Nations led by the Prime Minis.
ter of Grenada, Sir Eric Gairy, Cooper
supported this initiative with a now-fa-
mous letter dated November 9, 1978, to
Ambassador Griffith of Grenada.
• Cooper disclosed that, "I did have
: occasion in 1951 to have two days of
observation of many flights of them, of.
diferent sizes, flying in fighter forma
tion over Europe." This happened in
the early days of Cooper's military ca-
reer when he was stationed at the Neu-
biberg Air Force Base in Munich: This
•IB FATE /July 1995
was of interest to Heseinann's German
audience, so the first segment in the
edited videotape is about Cooper's UFO:
sighting. The interview was released in
German in Hesemann's latest video,
UFOs: The Secret Evidence, as well as in
his beautifully illustrated, 520-page
book Geheimsache U:FO. A parțial
cranscript of the interview is published
here in English for the first time, with
Hesemann's kind permission,
"Well, we saw", begins Cooper, "the
weathermen in our base saw-this was
in Germany saw these, looked like air-
craft, very high altitude, flying over in
• formation very much like we fly in fight..
er oucfits, and he [weatherman was.
cracking weather balloons with binocu-
lais and saw them and looked like quite
good altitude and pretty soon several
other people on the base had binoculars
and were looking at them, but we could
never even get airborne in our airplanes,
we could never get close to them. They
were well above where we were, but they
were very metallic looking and double:
lenticular shape, flying in formations and..
going primarily from east to westerly di-
rectioni, and we never could determine
what they really were or were not".
Edwards landing film
: In 1956 Cooper traited as an exper
imental rest pilor ar Edwards AFB in
California. While there he applied for
the then ulcimate adventure in flying:
NASAs Mercury program. He became
•one of seven astronauts selected, join-
ing the program in January 1959. Before
that, however, in May 1957, Cooper be-
came involved in an extraordinary UFO
incident at Edwards. A metallic-looking
crafe with tripod gear landed and then
took off right in front of an official film
cren. The whole episode was filmed and
sent to. Washington in a special plane.
This is what Cooper told Michael Hes.
emann on camera:
"Yeş, I had a crew chat was filming an
installation of a precision landing system
we were installing our on the dry lake
bed, and they were chere with stills and
movies and filmed the whole installation
and they came minning in to tell me that
this UFO, a liple saucer, had come down
right over them, put down three gear and
länded abour 50 yands from them, and as
they proceeded to go on over to get a
closer shot of it, it lifted up; put the gear
in, and disappeared in a rapid rare of
speed; and so I had to follow my direc
tions as a military, I had io look up the
regulationis on who I was to call to report
this, which! did, and they ordered me to
immediately have the film developed,
put it in a pouch, and send them by che
Commanding General's plane to Wash-
ingron, whichI did, and that was the last
: I've ever heard of the film. Here we
• have an unimpeachable source stating
that he saw with his own eyes an official
filme of a UFO landing and take-off at
an air force base and that he reported the
incident to his superiors.
The third section, of Hesemann's in-
rerview offers a glimpse of Cooper's feel-
ings about che nature of UFOs and why
chere doesn't seem to be any open con-
tacts "I chink they are a more advanced
civilization; and they are traveling to
here for whatever reason I don't know.
Yes, I think chis is one impression that
¡every astronaut who has flown in space
has come home feeling the fact that it's a

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 692, "chars": 4265, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
shame we can't learn talive in peace, be.
cause you don't see any boundaries up
theie from space, and I am wondering if
maybe that isn't the same impression
that any extraterrestrial vehicles coming,
to Earth might feel, If we can't learn to
live in peace then maybe chey shouldn't
even associate with us."
More revelations
Gondon Cooper granted a second in:
verview to a film crew directed by Sam
Shenan of the Independent-Interna-
canal Pictures Corp. Sherman is pro-
ducing a film titled Beyond This Earch, to
be released in the fall, In a recent inter.
view, Sherman told us that the film is
made for theaters and TV. and that it
combines documentary segments and
footage with "dramatic contents; it will
have some actors and celebrițies for dra-
matic segments with our own conclu-
sions." Although I haven't yer seen this
material, Sain Sherman confirmed that
"we did interview Gordon Cooper, who
did say some strange things. He was ret-
icent to talk at first, he seemed to know
a lot about the subject. Basically he in-
dicared be was under some kind ofoath"'
Sherinan added that Cooper "said he
had worked on a UFO system wich
someorie who had been in touch with
extraterrestrials and was able to gain
¿ some knowledge" This person had made
: a small UPO prototype and was working
on a 50-foot model with financial back-
ing from an Arab country when he died.
Cooper had promised visual and photo.
graphic materiai to back the story, bur
, had not yet delivered it. Nevertheless,
continued Sherman, "Cooper believes
ETs are here....He also talked about the
• Center for Advanced Technology. It no
: longer exists. They were apparently onto
" some kind of alien rechnology." If that's
not enough; "he also talked about a
friend who saw the bodies in Roswell,"
• although Shermari cautioned that we
can't"prove thise stories..
Cooper's recent revelations seein to
follow a pattern of UFO interest dis-
played chroughour his life. He intro
duced the subject in We Seven (1962);
A Must Have for the Enthusiast
Dragon galate -i
100% Clito
mes Butte
bat/Capite
*280
7701
80,1, I, I - $16.95
XXL, XXXL - $17.95
0801
flame
Sooness
§tate/ Drob
Zip: Foot
Counts?
Guaranteed Aniqie Original Desims
Catals
SEND TO DRAGON WARE Cab/Smi
P.O. BoX 1772
CANMORE, ALBERTA, CANADA, TOL OMO •
:1-403-678-3266
written by the Mercury astronauts.
to properly investigate these stories and
where he wrote that"! also had the idea
either refute or prove themn." =
that there might be some interesting
• White Cooper has been outspoken
forms of life out in space for us to disco
about UFOs, he has not endorsed the ac-
ver and get acquainted with I don't be
connies of alleged sighings by astronaurs
lieve in fairy tales, but as far as i am con-
in space, including one that he suppos.
•cerned, there have been far too many
edly had during his rocord-setting 1963
unexplained examples of unidentified
'Mercury-9' flight In his letter co Ambas
objects sighted around this Earth for us
sador Grilith, Cooper wrote that most
to rule out the possibility that some form:
astronauts are very reluczant to even dis-
of life exists beyond our own world."
cușs UFOs dué to the great numbers of
Cooper retired from the air force in
peoplé sho have indiscriminately sold
, 1970 as a colonel. As the 1978 UN int-.
fake stories and forged documents abius.
tative was taking shape: Cooper
ing cheir names and reputations without
dropped a prime time bombshell on the
hesitation. Those few astronauts who
Mero Griffin show. "There is a story go-
: have continied to have a participation
ing arouna, Gordon, that a spaceship
"in the UPO feld have had to do so very
did land somewhere in middle America
•cautiously. There are several of us who
and there were occupants, and members
do believe in UFOs and who have had
of our government were able to keep
occasion to see a 'UFO on the ground, or
one of the occupants alive...is that a.
fromian airplane. There was only one oc-
credible story?" asked Griffin. Cooper
•casion from space which may have beeh
responded: "I think irs fairly credible I
a UFO."Thar probably refers to Jim Mc-
would like to see the time when all qual.
• Divitt's sighting during the Gemini-4
ified people could really work together.
flight in 1965, but thar's anosher story.
