{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T23:55:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 888377, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127493-skywatch-newsletter-ufo-sightings-by-astronauts-may-june-1996.pdf", "source_sha256": "313baa70d1cade5d63ebd823ce7125c4613c81f340b84ca2d6a9504f3a36c0ff"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3627, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OR
SKYWATCH
The Encounters Report o*
May/June 1996 Volume Three, Number Two-53 USA, $4 Canada
SKYWATCH is a bi-monthly collective work of the United States UFO Information and Research Center
FOREWORD
By Stacey A. McGee
Founder and National Director
UNITED STATES UFO INFORMATON
AND RESEARCH CENTER
*74478T
Hello everyone! Inside this edition of Skywatch:
The Encounters Report you'll find "Ten Things You Should
Do if you Encounter a UFO, by Michael G. Curta, Quotes
from American Astronauts found on the internet, and several
new local area and regional sighting reports as well as some
close encounter stories given to us to be released here by
the contactees for the first time ever in print. We sincerely
hope that every issue of Skywatch will be better and better in
providing each of you with the latest information and
developments in the realm of the UFO phanomenon.
Current Events include a recent front page article
about the Center and our future plans and goals, new UFO
paraphenalia offerred from vendors through tha Center, and
an upcoming article to be circulated from coast to coast in
the National Associated Press News and will go to every
major news publishing and broadcasting company in the
United States. It will feature our Research Center and its
mission and some local encounters as well as information
about our upcoming EXPO.
We
need everyone to send in there registration
forms and fees as soon as possible for the conference. I am
extending the $10 discount to anyone who writes, or calls the
Center with there registration before June 15,
HURRY, you don't want to miss out on this exciting event.
For more information, please see the back page of this
newsletter.
Ten Things You Should Do if You
Encounter a UFO
By Michael G. Curta
Every year over 70,000 reports of UFO
sightings come into UFO Research Organizations
around the world. While it is true that 9 out of
People
Helping
People
10 sightings are explainable (possibly more), it
is also true that only 1 in 10 is ever reported
and each year the number of reports increase.
Is this because there are more sightings? Is it
because more people
willing to come
forward and report their sightings to researchers?
Or could it simply be that in the past witnesses
did not know where to report sightings. What
ever the case may be and you could make a case
for all 3, the fact still remains that the number
of reports are going up at an incredible rate.
investigators and that is where the
witnesses
help the investigator.
Think of the
sighting like a crime! Though the only crime
committed is the one our government
commits by
unwillingness
openiy
investigate such sightings. I say think of it as a
crime because you never know what is going to
happen and you need to remember exact details
of the event for recall at a later time. The
information that follows is designed to help you
to help investigators:
1. Remain Calm! Protect yourself from hazards
real or perceived.
Be prepared to take evasive (but not
aggressive) action to get out of its way. Remember you
might be witnessing the event of a life time and will want to
remember every detail and you can't do that if you are
hysterical.
2. Be objective. Not every UFO is extraterrestrial,
eliminate every other possibility (within your neans) first.
Only after that-should you consider the possibility that what
you saw might be a true UFO.
3. Use a camcorder or camera to record the event.
Try to keep reference points in the fieid of view, as this will
aid researchers in analyzing the film. If you do not have a
camera or camcorder then draw pictures of what you saw
TO
Find
the
Truth

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1088, "chars": 6707, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May/June 1996
and the area around it.
have a tape
record your
description of the event as it happens.
Include reference
points on this tape also.
For example..."I am about 10 yards
from the big oak tree and the craft is 30 yards beyond that".
write down your
observations right after the event.
If other winesses are present ask them to also
write or record their observations but do NOT discuss the
event with them (at least until after your observations have
been recored) as investigators want to know what you saw
not what your the re
some trace of its presence
behind do not disturb the area around it and restrict access
to the site (its not a crime any more, its now a crime scene).
Photograph the area around the site before you enter the
area and make notes of the exact position of every thing!
Take close up photos or video tape of the evidence before
Remember you don't know what your touching,
came from, or what type of hazards might be
7. If the sighting is from a distance, at an arms
what would it take to
cover up the object?
quarter? A penny? A dime? An asprin?
Or would it take
something bigger? A golf ball? A baseball, or a tennis ball?
Try to judge the distance from you to the object,
the object's altitude, and its speed. Was it across the street
or was it over the next field? Was it tree top level or was it
a few hundred feet up? Did it cross the sky in 5 seconds or
extraterrestrial being associated with the craft be prepared
to take evasive action to protect yourself. From a safe
distance, in a concealed position photograph or video tape
If you are unable to
safely get photos of the
being, draw and write down a description as soon as it is
safe to do so.
Immediately report the event to a UFO
research organization.
There are several such organizations
around the world.
The United States UFO Information and
Research Center is the third largest networking operation in
the world an it is still growing.
They currently have over
2,300 members worldwide and represent 50 states and 18
different countries.
You can report your sighting or encounter
with alien beings confidentially to the Center by
calling their 24 hour Sightings and Information
Hotline:
(423) 743-2100, or fax to (423) 743-
2115.
• UFO Sightings By Astronauts
Major Gordon Cooper
One of the original Mercury Astronauts and the last
American to fly in space alone.
On May 15, 1963 he shot
into space in a Mercury capsule for a 22 orbit journey around
the world. During the final orbit, Major Gordon Cooper told
the tracking station at Muchea (near Perth, Australia) that he
could see a glowing, greenish object ahead of him quickly
The UFO was real and solid,
because it was picked up by Muchea's tracking radar.
reported by
the National
Broadcast Company,
which was covering the flight step by
step; but when Cooper landed, reporters were told that they
to question him about the UFO
F-86 Sabrejet over Western Germany.
They were metallic,
saucer-shaped discs at considerable altitude and could out
maneuver all American fighter planes.
Cooper also testified before the United
Nations:
→leue - if you dont have these a
ect youd want to
A
T
87
el
wite
Page Tw
*1 believe that these extraterrestrial vehicles and
their crews are visiting this planet from other planets... Most
astronauts were reluctant to discuss UFOs."
*I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of
observation of many flights of them, of different sizes, flying
in fighter formation, generally from east to west over
Europe."
And according to a taped interview by J.L.
Ferrando, Major Cooper said:
"For many years 1 have lived with a secret, in a
secrecy imposed on all specialists in astronautics. I can now
reveal that every day in the USA, our radar instruments
capture objects of form and composition unknown to us. And
there are thousands of witness reports and a quantity of
documents to prove this, but nobody wants to make them
"Why? Because authority is afraid that people may
think of God knows what kind of horrible invaders.
password still is: We have to avoid panic by all means."
*I was furthermore a witness to an extraordinary
phenomenon, here on this planet. It happened a few months
ago in Florida. There I saw with my own eyes a defined
area of ground being consumed by flames, with four
indentions left by a flying object which had descended in the
middle of a field. Beings had left the craft (there were other
prove this).
They seemed to have studied
topography, they had collected soil samples and, eventually,
they returned to where they had come from, disappearing at
enormous speed...! happen to know that authority did just
about everything to keep this incident from the press and TV,
in fear of a panicky reaction from the public."
Ed White and James McDixitt
In June 1965, astronauts Ed White (first American
to walk in space) and James McDivitt were passing over
Hawaii in a Gemini spacecraft when they saw a weird-
looking metallic object.
The UFO had long arms sticking out
McDivitt took pictures with a cine-camera.
pictures have never been released.
James Lovell and Frank Borman
In December 1965, Gemini astronauts James Lovell
and Frank Borman also saw a UFO during the second orbit
of their record-breaking 14 day flight. Borman reported that
he saw an unidentified spacecraft some distance from their
capsule. Gemini Control, at Cape Kennedy told him that he
was seeing the final stage of their own Titan Booster rocket
Borman confirmed that he could see the booster rocket all
right, but that he could also see something completeiy
During James Loveil's flight on Gemini 7: (Lovell in
CAPS and capcom in lower case.)
"BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK HIGH."
"This is Houston. Say again 7:
"SAID WE HAVE A BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK
HIGH."
"Gemini 7, is that the booster or is that an actual
sighting?"
"WE HAVE SEVERAL...ACTUAL SIGHTING."
...Estimated distance or size?
"WE ALSO HAVE THE BOOSTER IN SIGHT..."
Neil Armstrong & Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin
According to NASA astronaut Neil Armstrong the
_aliens have a base on the Moon and told us in no uncertain
terms to get off and stay off the Moon.
According to
hitherto un-confirmed reports, both
Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin saw UFOs shorly
after that historic landing on the Moon in Apollo 11 on July
21, 1969. I remember nearing one of the astronauts refer to
a light in or on a crater during the television transmission,
followed by a request from mission control for further
information. Nothing more was heard.
According to former NASA employee Otto Binder,
unnamed radio hams with their own VHF receiving facilities
that bypassed NASA's broadcasting outlets picked up the
following exchange:
NASA-"What's there?"
...mission control calling Apollo 11...

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 982, "chars": 6132, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
May/June 1996
K
Y
11-"Theso
"babies"
Enormous!.. OH MY GOD! You wouldn't believe it! I'm
telling you there are other spacecraft out there, lined up on
the far side of the crater edge! They're on the moon
watching us!"
anonymous,
eras appared in a discussion with all
Armstrong during a NASA symposium. Their conversation
went like this:
-What REALLY happened out there with Apollo 11?'€
Armstrong-"It was incredible,
of course we had?
always known there was a possibility, the fact is, we were!
warned off! (by the aliens).
There was never any question
then of a space station or a moon city."
"How do you mean "warned off"?"
Armstrong-"I can't go into details, except to say that
their ships were far superior to ours both in size and
technology-Boy, were they bigl..and menacing! No, there is.
no question of a space station."
"But NASA had other misions after Apollo 11?"
Armstrong-"Naturally-NASA was committed at thati
time, and couldn't risk panic on Earth. But it really was af
quick scoop and back again."
According to a Dr. Vladimir Azhazha:
Control that two large, mysterious objects were watching
them after having landed near the moon module. But this
censored it."
Accoring to Dr. Aleksandr Kasantsev, Buzz Aldrint
took color movie films of the UFOs from inside the modulest
and continued filming them after he and Armstrong want
outside.
Armstrong confirmed that ine story was true butf
refused to go into further detail, beyond admitting that thei
ClAwas benind the coverup:,
Donald Slayton a
Donald Slayton, a Mercury astronaut, revealed in an
interview he had seen UFOs in 1951:
I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I
spotted this object.
I was at about 10,000 feet on a nice,
sunny arternoon.
! thought the object was a kite,
then I realized that no kite is gonna fly that high."
"As i got closer it looked like a weather balloon,
gray and about three feet in diameter. But as soon as i got
behind the darn thing it didn't look like a balloon anymore. It
looked like a saucer, a disk."
"About that same time, 1 realized that it was
suddenly going away from mø-and there i was, running at
about 300 miles per hour. I tracked it for a little way, and
then all of a sudden the damn thing just took off. It pulled
about a 45°
disappeared. climbing turn and accelerated and just flat
→ Major Bobert White i*
On July 17,
1962 Major Robert White reported a
UFO during his fifty-eight mile high flight of an X-15:
*I have no idea what it could bo. It was grayish in
color and about thirty to forty feet away."
Then according to a Time Magazine article, Major
White exclaimed over the radio:
There ABE things out there!. There absolutely ist
W
lights, " He had filmedliva: or six UFOs during us record-
breaking fifty-mila-high tight in apri 1862
second time nó had ilmed UFOs in might. During a Jecture
at the second national conference on tha palaful uses of
spac research an seattle, wastington no said.
I dont fool like speculating about them. alknow
is what appeared on the film which was dexaloped. aitar the
» To date none of those tims baye been released to
the public tot. wiewings-
Comander Eugene Carnan*
Eugene" Cernan was commander of Apollo 17. In a
Page Three
Los Angeles Times article in 1973 he said, about UFOs:
...l've
been asked (about UFOs) and I're said
publicly
I thought they (UFOs) were somebody else, some
other civilization."
NASA's Maurica Chatelain d
* in 1979 Maurice Chatelain
former chief of NASA
Communications Systems confirmed that Armstrong had
indeed reported seeing two UFOs on the rim of a crater.
Chatelain believes that some UFOs may come from our own'
solar system--specifically Titan.
"The encounter was common knowledge in NASA,
but nobody has taiked about it until now.
...ali Apollo and Gemini flights were followed, both
at a distance and sometimes also quite closely, by space;
vehicles of extraterrestrial origin-flying saucers, or UFOs, if
you want to call them by that nama.
Every time it occurred, *3
the astronauts informed Mission Control, who then ordered
absolute silence."
the first of the astronauts to use the code name
"I think at alte to use the code name mas
Claus' to indicate the presence of flying saucers next to
space capsules. However, this announcaments were barely
noticed by the general public. It was a little ditterent wnen
James Lovell on board the Apollo 8 command module came
out trom bening the moon and said for everybooy to near:
'PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT THERE IS A SANTA
Even though this happened on Christmas Day
many people sensed a hidden meaning in those
The rumors persist. NASA may well be a civilian
agency, but many of its programs are funded by the defense
budget and most of the astronauts are subject to military
security regulations. Apart from the fact that the National
Security Agency screens all films and probably radio
communications as well. We have the statoments by Otto
Binder, Dr. Garry Henderson and Maurice Chatelain that the
astronauts were under strict orders not to discuss their
sightings and Gordon Cooper has testified to a United
Nations committee that one of the astronauts actually
witnessed a UFO on the ground. If there is no secrecy, why
has this sighting not been made public?
'At no time when the astronauts were in space were
they alone: There was a constant surveillance by UFOs."
Sources:
Great Mysteries: UFOS
by
Robert Jackson / Above Tep Secret by Timothy
Good / The UFO Encyclopedia by John Spencer
/ Genesis Revisited by Zacharia Setchin.
Upcoming Network Events
You me invited
Saturday, May 11-is the date that our
May
Skywatch
has
fallen upon. Those
interested in attending are encourage to meet us
under the
Wal-Mart
sign
in
Greeneville,
Tennessee at 8 PM just off of highway 11-E,
which is the by-pass going through Greeneville.
The Wal-Mart is located
on the North side of
Greeneville on the
invited. Come and join us for a wonderful time
under the night sky looking for UFOs.
Sunday,
May 19-There
international on-line conference with the United
States UFO Information and Research Center
and it's upcoming Int'l Symposium as the topics
of discussion at
7 PM on Compuserve. For

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1537, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Great Smoky Mountains
UFO, Crop Circle and Alien Contact
EXPO
an International Symposium
• **
to be held in famous Gatlinburg, Tennessee-
Gateway, to the Smokies- Saturday, August 10, 1996
There will be talks and workshops by well known speakers and authors. Passes to EXPO workshops, EXPO_T-
Shirts, regional newsletters, and many UFO books, videos and audio tapes will bo on display and available to purchase.
The
EXPO will be presented at the Gallinging Convention Centar from 9 AM to 9 PM. Our confirmed, honored speakers include Mike
Rogers and Travis walton author of Eure in tha Skie The Walton Experienca, Dr. John Hunter Gray from the Department of
insuran Studies at the University of North Dakota,
Peter Geremia of Now Hampshire Mutual UFO Network, and Michelle LaVigne,
editor of Contact Erum pualishad by Wild Flomer Press and author of The Alien Abduction Suryinal Guida, with special tribute to
Mrs. Betty Hill, retired UFO and abduction resaarcher.
This will be
• the
thiro annual conterence and the first intemational symposium sponsored by the UNITED
SLATES UFO INFORMATION AND RESEARCH CENTER in Johnson City, Tennessen. Tickots are $35 per parson if purchasad
befare June 15, 1996, or 545 per person thoreafter. No tickets will be sold at the door. ADVANCE TICKETS ARE A MUSTIL
United States UFO Information
and Research Center,
P.O. Box 3005 CRS, Johnson City: TN 37602
First Class Mail
15
, tr
Jena L. Bartlett
2921 Lime Tree Drive
Edgewater, FL 32141
Exp: 7196
« please renew
1*=
ti:.
I saile
THE
TRUTH
OUT
THERE.
