{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T04:44:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2427935, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127495-cosmonauts-claim-ufos-are-real-report-7-24-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "678fab5a5b5a17af368fc6413d6c3e6495e5855e9d793a8958153a5dcdf820cb"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1480, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
Filer's Files # 30 Cosmonauts Claim ETs Are Here
7/24/2002 12:07:19 PM Eastern Daylight Time
3
UFO SIGHTINGS CONTINUE: Cosmonauts claim extraterrestrials visit Earth, In
1952, alien armada flew over Washington, DC, Flying triangle seen in New
York, Virginia policeman sees UFO, Wisconsin lights, Arizona red strobe
lights, Nevada flying triangle, California cigars and lights, Canadian dark
UFO, Chile UFO, Uruguay and Argentina's mutilations continue, Slovakia crop
circles, Turkey military briefing, South Africa carries these files, and
Philippine sighting. Space Shuttle anomalous images turns out to be
reflections.
PERSEID METEORS HEADED THIS WAY
This weekend Earth will enter the outskirts of a cloud of comet debris
marking the beginning of the annual Perseid meteor shower, which peaks on
August 12th and 13th. The Perseids are one of the year's most inviting shows.
Thanks to NASA http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2002/19jul_perseids.htm
WATCH OUT FOR SPACESHIPS - The International Space Station and friends
continue to fly above Earth and you might get a glimpse. For locations and
time see: http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2002/11jun_spaceship.htm)
CORRECTION TO SHUTTLE CHASED BY DIAMONDS
In Filer's Files #28, we reported that on June 8, 2002, at about 5:35 PM,
CDT, as the STS 111 Shuttle Endeavor was crossing the Atlantic, at the lower
right part of the screen, four to six anomalous lights in a diamond shaped
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Pade: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 531, "chars": 3360, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
moved across the video screen. NASA investigated the lights and announced
International Space Station has highly reflective tape on its grappling
points. Lights shinning on the circular reflective tape combined with camera
movement made it appear that anomalous lights were moving across the video
screen. These reflections at first stumped several of the PROVE experts and
myself. I agree with NASA's assessment that we were looking at the light
our atmosphere.
Jeff Challender, Dr. Oren Swearingen, and David Sereda have put together
videos of hundreds of unidentified anomalous objects in space that astronauts
and cosmonauts have privately acknowledged. Russian cosmonauts are much more
willing to discuss their own sightings than our own astronauts.
COSMONAUTS SAW FLYING XMAS TREE AND SPACE SHIP
GENNADIJ STREKHALOV aboard the MIR Space Station says, "On the last two
flights I saw something. During the flight of 1990, I called Gennadi
Manakov, our commander: "Come to the porthole. Unfortunately, but this is
ypical, we did not manage to put a film in the camera quickly enough to film
it." We looked on Newfoundland and the atmosphere was completely clear. And
suddenly a kind of sphere appeared. I want to compare it with a Christmas
tree decoration, beautiful, shiny, glittering. I saw it for ten seconds. The
sphere appeared in the same way as it disappeared again. What it was, what
size it had, I don't know. There was nothing I could compare it with. I was
like struck by lightning by this phenomenon. It was a perfect sphere,
glittering like a Christmas tree decoration. I reported to the Mission
Control Center, but I did not say that 1 have seen a UFO. I said I saw a kind
of unusual phenomenon. I had to be careful with the choice of my words. I
don't want someone to speculate too much or quote me wrong.
COSMONAUT VICTOR AFANASYEV'S DRAWING of an elongated flying triangle UFO seen
flying formation in April 1979, with his space vehicle website is on my
website. Victor states, "I think we are not alone, something of
extraterrestrial origin has visited Earth." The alien craft turned toward
ours, followed us and flew formation 25 to 29 meters away. We photographed
the metallic engineering structure that was and 40 meters long. The film was
later confiscated. See his drawing at
http://www.filersfiles.com/news/images.php?id=69
ALIEN ARMADA OVER WASHINGTON DC
Washington Post staff writer Peter Carlson reports on Sunday that, In the
control tower at Washington National Airport, Ed Nugent saw seven pale violet
blips on his radar screen. What were they? Not planes - at least not any
planes that were supposed to be there. He summoned his boss, Harry G.
Barnes, the head of National's air traffic controilers. "Here's a fleet of
flying saucers for you," Nugent said, half-joking. Upstairs, in the tower's
glass-enciosed top floor, controiler Joe Zacko saw a strange blip streaking
across his radar screen. It wasn't a bird. It wasn't a plane. What was it? He
looked out the window and spotted a bright light hovering in the sky. He
turned to his partner, Howard Cocklin, who was sitting three feet away.
"Look at that bright light," Zacko said. "If you believe in flying saucers,
that could sure be one." And then the light took off, zooming away at an
incredible speed. "Did you see that?" Cocklin remembers saying. "What the
Dana. ?

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3587, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
hell was that?"
It was Saturday night, July 19, 1952, fifty years ago - one of the most
famous dates in the bizarre history of UFOs. Before the night was over, a
pilot reported seeing unexplained objects, radar at two local Air Force bases
- Andrews and Bolling - picked up the UFOs, and two Air Force F-94 jets
streaked over Washington, searching for flying saucers. Then, a week later,
it happened all over again - more UFOs on the radar screen, more jets
scrambled over Washington. Across America, the story of jets chasing UFOs
over the White House knocked the Korean War and the presidential campaign off
the front pages of newspapers. "'Saucer Outran Jet, Pilot Reveals," read
the banner headline in The Washington Post. "JETS CHASE D.C. SKY GHOSTS,"
screamed the New York Daily News. "AERIAL WHATZITS BUZZ D.C. AGAIN!" shouted
the Washington Daily News. As rumors spread, President Truman demanded to
know what was flying over his house. Soon the federal govemment was fighting
the UFOs with the most powerful weapons in the Washington arsenal -
bureaucracy, obfuscation and gobbledygook. That seemed to work. The UFOs
never returned. Snip.
Dr. Bruce Maccabee isn't laughing. "One thing you have to understand: This is
serious business," he says. "The skeptics like to make fun of us." Maccabee,
60, is a civilian physicist for the Navy and a prominent UFO believer.
Maccabee buttresses his argument with an official government report. It's
called "Quantitative Aspects of Mirages" and it was issued by the Air Force
in 1969. "They proved in their own study that there wasn't enough
temperature inversion to cause this effect," he says. "The Washington
Freedom of Information Act request that led to the release of the FBI's file
says. Maccabee believes there were "solid objects" in the air over
Washington 50 years ago. "And I think those solid objects were not made by
us," he says. "And by us, I mean human beings." After 50 years, the debate
over the Washington UFOs goes on and on. "You have dueling experts and
dueling reports," says Kevin D. Randle, author of "Invasion Washington: UFOs
Over the Capitol," a new book on the 1952 sightings. "One expert says it was
temperature inversion. Another says it wasn't. In that situation, you have
to refer back to the air traffic controllers and the pilots who actually saw
the objects." Former controller Howard Cocklin is still convinced that he saw
an object over National that night. "I saw it on the screen and out the
window," he says. "It was a whitish-blue object. Not a light - a solid
form. An object. A saucer-shaped object." Now 83 and retired, Cocklin says
he never saw anything like that saucer - not before, not since. "It just
went away," he says, sitting in an archair in his Fairfax living room.
"Where did it go? Why don't people see these things today? Why 50 years ago?"
Thanks to Washington Post
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A31625-2002Jul19.html
SETI HEAD SAYS ALIENS COULD BE HERE
SETI director XXXX has told Space.com that she believes
extraterrestrials could be present in our solar system. Her comments were
made in a discussion about Fermi's Paradox, which states that, if there are
extraterrestrials in the galaxy, then they must have colonized it. But there
is no evidence of their presence here, therefore the implication is that they
don't exist. Tartar says, "I would claim that we don't know that. We've so
poorly explored even the local neighborhood of our solar system that there
could well be probes, artifacts, even large, slow ships within our solar
XXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXX 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 557, "chars": 3304, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
system that we wouldn't have detected yet. It's possible that there could
be, in fact, within our solar system some evidence of an extraterrestrial
technology. They may be here." X›
* also said that, she doesn't
believe that they're "abducting XXXX
XX but then makes the surprising
comment that there have been attempts to find ships that might be on
long-term station in our solar system at points of minimal gravity, using
both reflected light and radar observation. There are many places that large
ships could be located that would be very difficult for us to detect, such as
in the asteroid belt or the rings of Saturn. They could be virtually
indistinguishable from local objects if hidden in such places. XXX
comments reflect an increasing openness among astronomers to the idea that ar
extraterrestrial presence in our solar system isn't impossible. This is
because the assumptions in Drake's Equation, which basically says that
extraterrestrial life would be extremely rare, are being called into question
by the large number of planets that are being discovered orbiting other
stars. Thanks to Spacecom. -
Editor's Note:
•was at Los Alamos where UFOs were being sighted
almost daily, when he is said to have asked the question in the late 1940s,
"Where are they? His reasoning was that if technically advanced
extraterrestrial civilizations are prevalent, some of them ought to migrate
to other star systems colonizing new planets as they go. In a million years
they could colonize an entire galaxy.
NEW YORK FLYING TRIANGLE SQUARE SHAPED OBJECTS
SELDEN - On June 27, 2002, at 10:25 PM, the witness went outside to get
• The flying
triangle had four bright lights in the sky. It was maybe a couple of
football fields away on a 90 degree angle. They were moving in a fashion of
a triangle or a square, they were close enough to illuminate the street I was
standing on. I'm still trying to give some kind of reason for this, but I
don't know how they just disappeared after three minutes without a trace.
I'm in shock. My video camera died in middle of taping and it was not the
batteries that were fully charged. I'm scared and shocked. XXXXXXX
VIRGINIA POLICEMAN SEES UFO
BERRYVILLE - The witness was standing on the front porch on June 29, 2002,
talking on the phone when a bright kind of fluorescent light flew over the
house. It flew from the back and it went halfway out to my yard. It was
about 10 PM, dark outside and I really freaked out. It was dead silent -
that's what is so weird. Everything was lit up for about ten seconds and
then it was gone. The light flew in a straight line - really weird! My
house is kind of secluded with lots of land around it. This was like a scene
from a science fiction movie and 1 don't even like those kind of movies! |
know what I saw and i have never believed in UFO's.
MOUNTAINS - On July 15, 2002, my husband a police officer went to check on
our cabin in Westem Virginia. He was on the balcony looking out through the
woods and spotted a very white ball of light clicking on and off and moving
around very fast. It was not a firefly as it was too big, but more the size
of a flashlight. At night out there you can hear every little noise so if it
had been a person he would have seen them moving and heard the crunch of the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX
xXXX

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3084, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
gravel under their feet. Finally the object just went away very fast...maybe
it clicked off. He is not sure about the ending. So since the ending was
vague, I decided to check him and see if there was any new marks on his body.
Sure enough he has a brand new scar, very dark in color shaped like a
boomerang right above his ankle. He can't explain how he got this. He thinks
it is an old injury that has suddenly changed color and become prominent
again? I don't buy that, but that is his story.›
xXXX
SOUTH CAROLINA FAST MOVING LIGHT
TRAVELERS REST - The witnesses walked out on the back porch at 10:00 PM to
watch the thunder storms and heat lighting on June 30, 2002. To the
northwest they could see a bright light reddish in color almost like the
color red star in Orion. The witness states, "I observed it for a while
thinking it maybe was a plane, but after a while I noticed no movement. I
could see local aircraft moving in and out of cloud cover, but this object
was just hovering there. I used our binoculars and the object moved very
fast up and down leaving light trails behind it. My girifriend claims they
retur every summer. It had to be a UFO.
XX
XXXXX
MICHIGAN LIGHT FOLLOWS FAMILY
KALAMAZOO TO MUSKEGON - On June 2,,2002, the witness reports, "We were
driving home and when got to Kalamazoo at 9:30 PM, I noticed a UFO in the
westem sky with lights all over it. Although it was pretty far up, the
lights looked red, orange, white and a bluish-green color. It looked like
other small craft were coming out of it or beams of light were shooting off.
It pretty much stayed with us for about two hours. As we neared Muskegon it
looked as though it was going towards Lake Michigan, it got smaller and
disappeared. The next night from my father's house in North Muskegon, we
spotted the same object near the moon. My father said, "He had seen two of
the same type 30 years ago. One of them shot a laser and hit the other one,
and then they both disappeared." The third night, the UFO just twirled
around and moved a little. Later, we saw four of them through the telescope
that had three circular things undemeath twirling clockwise, almost like
balls of fire. On June 26, we drove to Lake Michigan and saw two lights just
over the water.
XXXXX
WISCONSIN UFO SIGHTINGS CONTINUE
MILWAUKEE - Bruce S says, "I was at a cookout at my friends house on July
14, 2002, and we were helping my buddies daughter track down jets in the sky.
I our to the chi. Mother stated to me eat are coates to be and ented
looked and I figured it was Venus or a new supernova or something. We argued
back and forth whether or not the thing was moving, and eventually it started
to move. I kept track of it for 2-3 min. and watched it slowly fade away.
Now I know well enough that you cannot see "normal" stars in clear daylight,
I know what a plane looks like and it definitely was no bird. There were 3
other witnesses also. The object looked like a normal white star, with no
pulsing. It's distance was very, very high. It's motion was very slow, with a
slow fade.
XXXXXX
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxx

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 593, "chars": 3537, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHOENIX - On June 16, 2002, 2
I walked out side a little after 9
PM, and saw a bright star-like object moving east across the sky. It didn't
appear to be a conventional aircraft as there were no blinking marker lights
isible. It flew along the same flight path and altitude as the commercial
aircraft. At first I thought it could be a satellite but as the object
passed through Orion's belt, its light intensified for a few seconds. The
object continued on for several seconds while becoming dimmer and seemed to
disappear. A minute later a flashing red strobe light appeared in the exact
spot that the original object vanished from. The object reversed its course
and traveled back in the exact flight path it had taken before. Within a few
minutes I lost sight of the object in the smoggy haze. The event lasted 5
minutes. Thanks to XXXX
XXXX
NEVADA FLYING TRIANGLE
RACHEL -X
Xwrites, "The sightings were incredible, we saw the
"Black Triangle" three consecutive nights. The first night the sighting
lasted for 1 1/2 hours, so got a good look at it. I am sure it came from 51
or was destined there as we saw it rise from the area of S-4 on the third
night. The craft looked to be much larger than the reported 600 feet in
width. We estimated it to be closer to a half mile in width as it filled
some of the familiar saddles of the mountains as it passed through. The
thing moved very slowly, each night, and the technology must be incredible as
there is no sound at all. We were three to four miles from the craft. The
silver and blue corona of flashes make it difficult to photograph, but we did
get video, as did the CBS crew I was there with. The other two sightings
were interesting. One was a silver ball 30 to 40 feet in diameter which
moved through the valley in daylight. The other was the so called "fastmover"
which is being tested in the valley. It came directly over our pickup at
about 3000 feet on its approach to land at Groom. It was sort of oval in
shape from the bottom and had a V shaped tail section similar to the
"Pumpkinseed craft." It had an orange glow on the bottom, and a blue flame
from the exhausts. It was quite noisy, similar to the Stealth Fighter. We
have seen it before in the valley at about 35,000 feet or higher but could
see only vapor trail at that point. It is extremely fast. Thanks to Ike
CALIFORNIA CIGARS, DIVING OVOID,
CLAREMONT - Two distant three-sectioned cigar-shaped white UFOs were
observed on June 23, 2002, around sunset. Two witnesses observed two very
distant UFOs about 65 degrees above the northern horizon. They were
cigar-shaped to the naked eye, but with binoculars they could be seen to have
three sections. They were white, as seen in reflected sunlight and were a
little smaller than a high-altitude jet and they drifted very slowly east.
At one point a plane approached one of the objects and flew in its vicinity
for several minutes. Finally the objects themselves became fainter and
disappeared from view.
MARȚINEZ - An exceptionally credible witness observed a large glowing ovoid
at 2:25 AM, that descended rapidly on June 29, 2002. It descended from the
south at a 35 degree angle and disappeared behind the ridge west of town. It
was a glowing yellow in color and was roughly ovoid in shape and the size of
my little finger nail held at arm's length. I got the impression that it was
a large object about tive miles away before disappearing behind the ridge. I
vould be interested in knowing if any other San Francisco Bay Area resident.
saw this object?
2xxxxxxxx

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 472, "chars": 2839, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NAPA - I saw three silver orbs in color apparently reflecting sunlight on
June 29, 2002, moving swiftly across the sky. The first was not as bright
but the second and third ones were very bright but small. They appeared to
be very high in the atmosphere and changed directions very quickly. I did not
see all three orbs at the same time, it may have been one Orb crisscrossing.
LOS ANGELES - An antique dealer was sitting in a friends home on Crestview
Drive at the very top of the Santa Monica Mountain Range on June 29, 2002.
He noticed an orange colored cone shaped object slowly pulsating moving west
hillside that is undeveloped. It moved to the left four car lengths and flew
around for twenty minutes. Thanks to NUFORC
CANADA STINGRAY SPHERE
WEST VANCOUVER, BC - On June 29, 2002, stingray shaped sphere glided in from
the northeast at 7:05 AM. Witnesses said,
"At first, we thought it was a
piece of four feet square plastic in the shape of a white sting ray fish. It
passed in front of our apartment and swooped down over the water to
approximately 100 feet for about ten seconds. Then it climbed towards the
northwest and disappeared into the clouds about 2/3 miles away. While I
watched, my girlfriend saw it through the binoculars, and said it was
gray/black on one side. We called the West Vancouver Police and reported the
object=. There was no wind.
CHILE: UFO BUZZING CAUSES SENSATION
VILLARICA - El "Diario Austral" de La Arucaní reports on July 10, 2002,
dozens of families saw a UFO over the city. In the control booth of Radio
Apumanque, announcerx
& was playing music when at 21:15
hours, when the station's phone began to ring. The radio controller heard
the voice of his coworker X
XX asking him to look out the window
because there was a very strange object in the sky. XXXXsaw the strange
object in the dark and rainy winter night. "I looked and I saw a luminous
object hovering with three red lights and then it made a very swift movement.
I looked away to play a song and it was gone," he explained.
The object was seen from several points of the Lake Region by hundreds of
people. X
Xof Radio Pianisima, while playing ranchero songs
was also notified about the UFOs. He grabbed his camera and managed to film
a luminous sphere.
XX
URUGUAY: SHEEP FOUND WITH MUTILATIONS
SALTO - Diario "El Argentino" (Gualeguaychú-Entre Ríos) Sunday, July 14,
2002, reports A resident of Salto is still astonished after finding mutilated
sheep. Two sheep were found dead on the property ofXXXXXXXXXX
located at X
X The man found a dead sheep with mutilations with
missing an ear, an eye, the tongue and all of the flesh on the left side of
the head. A swath of black fur and a lump of fat were found at its side, and
500 meters away, a second dead sheep was found with similar injuries. There
were no signs of spilled blood.
xXX

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 3261, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BOVINES FOUND IN WATER TANK IN ARGENTINA
SUCO - El Diario News reports, that on June 28, 2002, very near the border
with San Luis Province a well-respected livestock producer found 19 dead
animals within an Australian-type water tank. These tanks are steel-sided,
sheet metal with a conical cap. Nine of the bovines were dead, according to
subsequent medical-veterinanan examinations due to asphyxiation through
immersion. The rest were alive, but affected by the low temperatures and
were near dead due to freezing.
• The news was confirmed by police officials
of Regional Unit 7, headquartered at Rio Cuarto. What no one can explain is
mutilated cow that had given birth to a calf. The cow was stressed showing
burns and precise incisions in different parts of her carcass, as though
experts had deftly used a special scalpel. These cases, according Dr. Cumin,
have been investigated from the onset by veterinarians from the National
University of Rio Cuarto. Ufologists posited the challenging possibility
that teleportation occurred moving the 19 animals of large size and weight
from their cow pen into the tank. Government authorities who have been
blaming red-muzzled mice for the mutilations now must explain how the mice
carried the bovines into the tank.
SALLIQUELO - Headlines announced new animal mutilations, "Mouse nowhere to
be seen." Aniceto Fernández's calf was found with incisions identical to
other mutilations on a farm adjacent to his own? The owner believed that the
animal fied or was carried to the neighboring property. The phenomenon
continues with reports of alien creatures being spotted near mutilations.
MISSION LAISH - Livestock producer Luis Fernandez visited the Colonia Yatai
Police Barracks to report nine more cattle mutilations in his field that
holds 1400 animals bring the total to 21 in the last 60 days. The animals'
hides had a total lack of coloration bordering on the transparent while
normal hides are opaque and hard. The mutilated cows were brought in to feed
the dogs who are used to eating anything but they would not eat the meat.
The meat had turned black, and "not even flies" came close. XXXX
XX
SLOVAKIA CROP CIRCLES AND UFO ABOVE ATOMIC PLANT
NITRA-DRAZOVICE - Pravda reports the discovery of three large crop circles
by glider pilots engaged in an international competition. These are the
tirst pictograms since 2000. According to expert X
XXX these crop
circles are not faked and would not have been found except for the pilots.
"Rings with diameters of 15.5 meters, 7.40 meters, and 6.30 meters connected
via half-meter wide paths were visible only from a bird's eye perspective. No
curious crowds had trampled them, and so they could be examined" said Karlik.
Had it not been, nobody would have seen it. The crop pictogram did not
exhibit any increased radiation, which has been typical of most crop circles
in foreign countries. Ufologists report pictograms are an undeciphered
messages from extraterrestrials. XX> says nearly 80 percent of sightings
are tied to strategic objects, such as power plants. Six eyewitnesses and
the director of the UFO Club of Trava says, "We saw a slow-moving triangle
with red lights that flew to the electrical plant and then returned seven
times. Thanks to y
ana. R

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2722, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TURKEY UFO BRIEFING FOR HIGH RANKING MILITARY OFFICERS
ISTANBUL - On 5 June 2002, Sirius UFO Space Sciences Research Center
Chairman was invited to Foreign Languages Department at Navy Headquarters to
give a lecture to 70+ high ranking officers. During the conference, written
and visual evidence was presented to Navy and Air Force officers. The Turkish
military has been studying the UFO cases for many years, but due to their
secrecy policies, UFO truth had not being disclosed openly to the public.
For this reason, military authorities wanted lecture closed to the news
media. Despite Turkish military secrecy, their cooperation is very positive
for the future of disclosure of the "UFO Reality" in Turkey. Also, an
interview with Haktan Akdogan is due to be published in the army magazine
"Skylight." Thanks to Sirius UFO Space Sciences Research Center and
International UFO Museum. http://www.siriusufo.org.
SOUTH AFRICA WILL SHARE DATA, CARRY FILER'S FILES
writes, "Great day to you! Thanks for the communication and I
definitely do NOT mind sharing info. I live out my passion of sharing
information of how extraterrestrials have always been interacting with us
humans and how we need to become a conscious member in our galactic family.
My motivations are akin to your "Disclosure Project" and to obtain credible
witnesses. You're most welcome to use anything on my site.
PRETORIA - On June 30, 2002, X>
spotted a silver disk
approached at a speed five times faster than commercial jets at 4 PM. XXX
xxXXX
XXXX
PHILIPPINES DAYLIGHT DISC
MINDANAO - On June 28, 2002, at 1:30 PM, 2
XXXX and his fellow
workers at the Dole Plantation in Polomolok, saw a bright gleam and he
reports, "We saw it was coming from the south and was about the size of an
A-320 Airbus without wings, approaching at high speed for at least five
seconds. Then it abruptly backed away at a speed ten times faster until it
was gone." He added that the UFO "was silvery with metal strips along the
back, like a wingless jumbo jet. It was approaching at about 150 miles per
hour and departing at ten times that speed. Thanks to UFO Roundup Vol. 7,
#28, 719/02 XXXXXX
NASA, AND ITS SPACE ENCOUNTERS
has released the new video "What Is the Truth?". The second
video examining NASA and its space encounters with 102 anomalous objects.
These events were culled from 1400+ hours raw footage of ten live Shuttle
flight broadcasts between Oct. 2000 and April 2002. please specify vhs
($25), or dvd ($30). Available in ntsc, or pal. Send orders to: Jeff
Challender 2768 Mendel Way Sacramento, CA 95833-2011
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW WHEN HIRING A REAL ESTATE AGENT!
Leam how you can obtain the best real estate agent for your needs. XXX
XXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXX

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 61, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
oH

Werineeday Jtolud24 98NF ComeanSarves NrCGrear Pane: 1h
