{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T00:52:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 926531, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127497-ufo-sightings-by-astronauts.pdf", "source_sha256": "593c305b4ca16a9bbd5d51c8a580dbb0046c5ffa9618454d83b8db24902bf940"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1183, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO Sightings by Astronauts
From http://www.anomalous-images.com/astroufo
Exclusive Moon Shot Photos on these pages courtesy of Edward Hutchinson
A cigar shaped object with a bright light next to it.
Mercury 1 Mission - Feb.26, 1962 - Photo by John Glenn
afüsig.ips:
SkyWatch
Photo taken by John Glenn, Mercury 1 Mission - February 26, 1962
Contents:
Major Gordon Cooper
Ed White & James McDivitt Photos
James Lovell and Frank Borman Photos
Neil Armstrong & Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin Photos
Donald Slayton
Major Robert White
NASA Pilot Joseph A. Walker
Commander Eugene Cernan
NASA's Maurice Chatelain
NASA Pilot Walter Schirra
NASA Pilot James Lovell
NASA's Scott Carpenter
Pete Conrad and Richard Gordon Photos
Major Gordon Cooper
One of the original Mercury Astronauts and the last American to fly in space alone. On
May 15, 1963 he shot into space in a Mercury capsule for a 22 orbit journey around the
world. During the final orbit, Major Gordon Cooper told the tracking station at Muchea
(near Perth Australia) that he could see a glowing, greenish object ahead of him quickly
approaching his capsule. The UFO was real and solid, because it was picked up by
Muchea's tracking radar.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2479, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cooper's sighting was reported by the National Broadcast Company, which was covering
the flight step by step; but when Cooper landed, reporters were told that they would not
be allowed to question him about the UFO sighting.
Major Cooper was a firm believer in UFOs. Ten years earlier, in 1951 he had sighted a
UFO while piloting an F-86 Sabrejet over Western Germany. They were metallic, saucer-
shaped discs at considerable altitude and could out-maneuver all American fighter planes.
Major Cooper also testified before the United Nations:
"I believe that these extra-terrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting this planet from
other planets... Most astronauts were reluctant to discuss UFOs."
"I did have occasion in 1951 to have two days of observation of many flights of them, of
different sizes, flying in fighter formation, generally from east to west over Europe."
And according to a taped interview by J. L. Ferrando, Major Cooper said:
"For many years I have lived with a secret, in a secrecy imposed on all specialists in
astronautics. I can now reveal that every day, in the USA, our radar instruments capture
objects of form and composition unknown to us. And there are thousands of witness
reports and a quantity of documents to prove this, but nobody wants to make them public.
Why? Because authority is afraid that people may think of God knows what kind of
horrible invaders. So the password still is: We have to avoid panic by all means."
"I was furthermore a witness to an extraordinary phenomenon, here on this planet Earth.
It happened a few months ago in Florida. There I saw with my own eyes a defined area of
ground being consumed by flames, with four indentions left by a flying object which had
descended in the middle of a field. Beings had left the craft (there were other traces to
prove this. They seemed to have studied topography, they had collected soil samples
and, eventually, they returned to where they had come from, disappearing at enormous
speed..I happen to know that authority did just about everything to keep this incident
from the press and TV, in fear of a panicky reaction from the public."
Ed White & James McDivitt
In June 1965, astronauts Ed White (first American to walk in space) and James McDivitt
were passing over Hawaii in a Gemini spacecraft when they saw a weird-looking metallic
object. The UFO had long arms sticking out of it.
McDivitt took pictures with a cine-camera. Those pictures have never been released.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1218, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO showing erratic behavior
Clip from NASA movie film - taken by James MeDivitt
ufodecl.jpg
Sky Watch
Cylinderical object - Upper right hand side of photo
Cylinderical object - Photo by James McDivitt
LyLjpg
SkyWatch
James Lovell and Frank Borman
Gemini 7 space flight - Photo by Frank Borman
Two balls of light similar to those
witnessed by Neil Armstrong & BuzzA
SkyWatch
ufoball.jpg
In December 1965, Gemini astronauts James Lovell and Frank Borman also saw a UFO
during their second orbit of their record-breaking 14 day flight. Borman reported that he
saw an unidentified spacecraft some distance from their capsule. Gemini Control, at Cape
Kennedy told him that he was seeing the final stage of their own Titan booster rocket.
Borman confirmed that he could see the booster rocket all right, but that he could also see
something completely different.
During James Lovell's flight on Gemini 7:
Lovell: BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK HIGH.
Capcom: This is Houston. Say again 7.
Lovell: SAID WE HAVE A BOGEY AT 10 O'CLOCK HIGH.
Capcom: Gemini 7, is that the booster or is that an actual sighting?
Lovell: WE HAVE SEVERAL...ACTUAL SIGHTINGS.
Capcom: ...Estimated distance or size?
Lovell: WE ALSO HAVE THE BOOSTER IN SIGHT...

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 792, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Neil Armstrong & Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin
Cigar-shaped obje
rater taken by Neil Armstrong
SkyWatch
Neit Aastones pegio of Balt of Light on Mow swate
The light to the right was described as huge
He stated a huge ball of light
overed over him for some time
r Watch
SkyWatch
Photo by Neil Armstrong
ufolig.jpe
SkyWatch
ulomoonl.jpe
Photo by Neil Aristrong
Sky Watch
Photo by Neil Armstrong
According to the NASA Astronaut Neil Armstrong the Aliens have a base on the Moon
and told us in no uncertain terms to get off and stay off the Moon.
According to hitherto un-confirmed reports, both Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz"
Aldrin saw UFOs shortly after that historic landing on the Moon in Apollo 11 on 21 July
1969. I remember hearing one of the astronauts refer to a "light" in or on a crater during

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1845, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the television transmission, followed by a request from mission control for further
information. Nothing more was heard.
According to a former NASA employee Otto Binder, unnamed radio hams with their own
VHF receiving facilities that bypassed NASA's broadcasting outlets picked up the
following exchange:
NASA:
Whats there?
Mission Control calling Apollo 11...
Apollo 11: These "Babies" are huge, Sir! Enormous!
OH MY GOD! You wouldn't believe it!
I'm telling you there are other spacecraft out there,
Lined up on the far side of the crater edge!
They're on the Moon watching us!
A certain professor, who wished to remain anonymous, was engaged in a discussion with
Neil Armstrong during a NASA symposium.
Professor:
What REALLY happened out there with Apollo 11?
Armstrong: It was incredible, of course we had always known there was a possibility,
the fact is, we were warned off!(by the Aliens). There was never any
question then of a space station or a moon city.
Professor:
How do you mean "warned off"?
Armstrong: I can't go into details, except to say that their ships were far superior to ours
both in size and technology - Boy, were they big!.. and menacing! No,
there is no question of a space station.
Professor:
But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11?
Armstrong: Naturally - NASA was committed at that time, and couldn't risk panic on
Earth. But it really was a quick scoop and back again.
According to a Dr. Vladimir Azhazha:
"Neil Armstrong relayed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious
objects were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But this message
was never heard by the public -- because NASA censored it."
According to a Dr. Aleksandr Kasantsev, Buzz Aldrin took color movie film of the UFOs
from inside the module, and continued filming them after he and Armstrong went
outside.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 1966, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Armstrong confirmed that the story was true but refused to go into further detail, beyond
admitting that the CIA was behind the cover-up.
Donald Slayton
Donald Slayton, a Mercury astronaut revealed, in an interview he had seen UFOs in
1951:
"I was testing a P-51 fighter in Minneapolis when I spotted this object. I was at about
10,000 feet on a nice, bright, sunny afternoon. I thought the object was a kite, then I
realized that no kite is gonna fly that high."
As I got closer it looked like a weather balloon, gray and about three feet in diameter. But
as soon as I got behind the darn thing it didn't look like a balloon anymore. It looked like
a saucer, a disk.
About the same time, I realized that it was suddenly going away from me -- and there I
was, running at about 300 miles per hour. I tracked it for a little way, and then all of a
sudden the damn thing just took off. It pulled about a 45 degree climbing turn and
accelerated and just flat disappeared."
Major Robert White
On July 17, 1962 Major Robert White reported a UFO during his fifty-eight-mile high
flight of an X-15. Major White reported:
"I have no idea what it could be. It was grayish in color and about thirty to forty feet
away." Then according to a Time Magazine article, Major White exclaimed over the
radio:
"There ARE things out there! There absolutely is!"
NASA Pilot Joseph A. Walker
On May 11, 1962 NASA pilot Joseph Walker said that one of his tasks was to detect
UFOs during his X-15 flights. He had filmed five or six UFOs during his record breaking
fifty-mile-high flight in April, 1962. It was the second time he had filmed UFOs in flight.
During a lecture at the Second National Conference on the Peaceful Uses of Space
Research in Seattle, Washington he said:
"I don't feel like speculating about them. All I know is what appeared on the film which
was developed after the flight." - Joseph Walker
To date none of those films has been released to the public for viewing.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2016, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ai
Commander Eugene Cernan
Eugene Cernan was commander of Apollo 17. In a Los Angeles Times article in 1973 he
said, about UFOs:
"..'ve been asked (about UFOs) and I've said publicly I thought they (UFOs) were
somebody else, some other civilization."
NASA's Maurice Chatelain
In 1979 Maurice Chatelain, former chief of NASA Communications Systems confirmed
that Armstrong had indeed reported seeing two UFOs on the rim of a crater. Chatelain
believes that some UFOs may come from our own solar system -- specifically Titan.
"The encounter was common knowledge in NASA, but nobody has talked about it until
now."
"... all Apollo and Gemini flights were followed, both at a distance and sometimes also
quite closely, by space vehicles of extraterrestrial origin - flying saucers, or UFOs, if you
want to call them by that name. Every time it occurred, the astronauts informed Mission
Control, who then ordered absolute silence."
Pilot Walter Schirra
"I think that Walter Schirra aboard Mercury 8 was the first of the astronauts to use the
code name 'Santa Claus' to indicate the presence of flying saucers next to space capsules.
However, his announcements were barely noticed by the general public.
James Lovell
It was a little different when James Lovell on board the Apollo 8 command module came
out from behind the moon and said for everybody to hear: PLEASE BE INFORMED
THAT THERE IS A SANTA CLAUS! Even though this happened on Christmas Day
1968, many people sensed a hidden meaning in those words."
The rumors persist. NASA may well be a civilian agency, but many of its programs are
funded by the defense budget and most of the astronauts are subject to military security
regulations. Apart from the fact that the National Security Agency screens all films and
probably radio communications as well. We have the statements by Otto Binder, Dr.
Garry Henderson and Maurice Chatelain that the astronauts were under strict orders not
to discuss their sightings. And Gordon Cooper has testified to a United Nations

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 428, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
committee that one of the astronauts actually witnessed a UFO on the ground. If there is
no secrecy, why has this sighting not been made public?
Pete Conrad and Richard Gordon
Photo by Pete Conrad
ufoclus.jpg
A cluster of bright objects SkyWatch
These photos never released and taken on the Gemini 11 Space Flight
September 13, 1966
References:
NASA's Files
Above Top Secret by Timothy Good
The UFO Encyclopedia by John Spencer
