{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T12:21:07Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 11, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1408727, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127433-uss-fdr-guantanomo-bay-late-1958-report-2-supporting-document.pdf", "source_sha256": "8e24d9e231cf49d71ebb249ba0d0ee07354d07ada4b3a15e9eaeacaecdd2068e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 35, "chars": 310, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
•
UFO EYE WITNESS REPORT :
WASHINGTOND.C.JULY 20 - 21, 1952
MEDITERRANEAN SEA ~ USS FDR CVA-42 ~ 1963 -64
DRAKESVILLE, IOWA~ 1991
Prepared for
xxXx
•
XXXXXXX
X
XX
XXXXXX
By
Harry A. Jordan ~ MFA ~ BFA
U.S.S. Franklin D. Roosevelt CVA- 42
USN~Honorable Discharge~ U.S.S. Loeser DE-680 ~ 18 July 1967 ~ OIDiv/PO

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2075, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
WASHINGTON D.C. UFO FLYOVER JULY 20 & 21st 1952
by Harry A. Jordan
In July of 1952, I was a young boy living at XXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX> when I
saw the UFO "fly-over" in Washington D.C. It was a clear night and the UFOs had flown over
DC...it was just not just one night, it was two nights...and I later found out it was July 20, and
21. I was there with my grandmother, my father, brother and two sisters. My father was in the
navy and attached to the Anacosta Naval Air Station Station. We were living there in post WWII
housing up near the Potomac River near Anacosta. It was about 9:30pm in the evening and we
were outside playing in the yard and there were no clouds, no lightning...it was a still night, it
was kind of cool for July. Up the Potomac river came these lights... they were like sparklers,
they were amber, blue, kind of pinkish, and yellowish...and they floated over the trees about 500
yards from our house and up through the gully and around what was at that time, a state park.
They scared my little sister. I was real curious. My dad was on duty at the Naval air station.
These things were all over the sky for two or three hours. Some of them went straight up and
then headed to DC. In about an hour we saw jets...at that time they were silver looking jets with
wing tanks...and they came up the Potomac chasing these things. And they never could get near
them. I was nine years old when I saw the "fly-over." In the late 80's I wanted to speak with
someone who had similar experiences regarding UFO's with first hand knowledge. This matter
had been eating at me for several years. After quite a bit of private investigation, personal research
and phone calls I finally found Jesse Marcel Jr.living in Helena, Montana. After an exchange of
several letters I was able to convince Jesse to fly to Springfield, Missouri for a MUFON
Conference to talk about his experiences and his father. I couldn't make the conference so Dr.
John Carpenter introduced Jesse. It was then people contacted Jesse about consulting on the
Roswell movie. The rest is history ..

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2628, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
USS Franklin D. Roosevelt ~ CVA-42 ~ 1962-1965
by Harry A. Jordan
offiers cindidate Schoo
My second experience was in the Navy. I was a radar operator trained at OCS in Newport RI. I
was trained in air search radar, surface search radar, and how to operate top secret equipment for
electronic counter measures that could listen in on Russian Soviet transmissions and be able to
detect the kind of aircraft or ship that certain radar missions were coming from. In the fall of
1963, I was on mid-watch at about 2:30 am in the morning and we picked up this contact about
360 miles from the ship at about 80,000 feet. And it was moving very slowly, I'd never seen any
thing like it. At first I thought I was on surface search radar which is for ships, and instead it was
air search. Called the commander in and several other people were around. And my CO
Commander Gibson at the time, said, "Jesus, Jordan! What is this?" We checked for
IFF... "Friend or Foe" Code which tells us if its military or civilian. The UFO contact was out of
the normal commercial flight pattern. The minute we turned on our active ECM... this thing started
closing the ship at about 4,000 miles an hour. In less than a minute and a half...it had closed the
ship at least 180 miles. Then it stopped and hovered at about 60,000 feet and then it came down
low and headed right for us. The captain turned the ship into the wind, launched two jet aircraft,
the minute they turned on their conical scan radar, and this thing winked out. And when it
winked out the jets flew around for a bout 20 minutes...then we headed into the wind, and
headed back onto our course, south, southwest of the Coast of Sardinia, and the Straits of
Bonafaccio just north of Sicily. Within ten minutes, this thing came on the scope again, the
signal was even stronger. I detected this thing at about 20,000 feet. In those days, when we had
the new Spa 50 repeater,
the USS Franklin D. Roosevelt, aircraft carrier and there are other
reports from other Navy personnel who were on board, who saw this thing happen. After this
happened, and I remember this very vividly, because when I first saw the movie "Red October"
this Admiral comes in and shows his ID to the guy working on sonar and says, "Now, this never
happened." Some guy came out of nowhere...l'd never seen him before....an intelligence officer
who wasn't attached to our division, he looked at me and he said, "Jordan, this never happened!"
I was told that I couldn't talk about it. I had a classified clearance. I was assigned to the
Operations Intelligence Division.aboard three U.S.Navy ships from 1962 til 1967.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 2782, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
The UFO winked back on my scope, as this thing came straight for us, we went outside to look
at it. It was a clear nigh with stars in the sky. This ufo according to our radar, was hovering ten
miles off our starboard quarter at about 10,000 feet, and we couldn't see a thing. But there was a
very large contact on our radar scope and we couldn't see a thing with our eyes or bonoculars! It
was also part of my job to generate false signals to train new midshipman ...I could generate false
signals...so I know the difference between a real contact and a false one. So 1 know what I'm
talking about. This thing was there but it wasn't there. Our equipment was telling us one thing
and our eyes were telling us something else. And later on, those two scenarios, I have often
wondered... when I saw movies like "Red October" and heard what the Admiral said to that guy
and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and recalled those little light things that were floating
around there were exactly like what I saw back in 1952. When I first saw that movie the first
time I just about came off my chair. That movie brought it all back.
The other thing when I was in INTEL, I met a Navy chief one time who'd been in the
service since WWII and he told me an incredible story that he was on a destroyer and he saw this
thing rise out of the sea off the coast of Cuba in the late 50's. The movie "The Abyss" is about
that scenario which is a matter of record in certain Navy logs in Newport RI. This thing was
about a mile across, rose out of the sea, it had minarets sticking on it, and it just hovered over the
water and then flew straight up and out.
All of these things came together after I gave my Mars lecture. Also when I was in the
Navy, I was a ham radio operator. I had a license then at that time, working then with electronic
equipment. This was in the days when you used to have to climb up the mast and put your
crystals in near the wave guides and all that stuff. Then along came the solid state stuff. This was
in the sixties. One area of the aircraft was Crusaders that had the very first camcorders, the very
first VCRs that were first developed by the Navy, and in the sixties they were top secret. The
video tapes were about 4" wide and they were in these canisters which had black and yellow lines
on them installed in the bays right inside the Crusader aircraft. And they would fly over Israel
and over many different places we were operating with in the MED for INTEL and whenever they
landed the Marine guard would go out and the Commander would go out and they would put this
thing into this room I was working in and put this thing into a big box about the size of one of
those cabinets and get immediate photo INTEL video and the reason it was top secret was that

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2481, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
they didn't want our enemies to know that we had immediate photo reconnaissance turn around
time. We could play it back....didn't have to develop it...and send it to any other
department...and that was in 1962, almost 20 years before the first commercial video equipment
was on the market for the public. Virtually everything that comes out in the commercial market
has been developed by the military.
Drakesville, Iowa
Anyway, all of these things come together. When I did field research for MUFON,
the very first case which proved to me in my mind that ufo's really did exist, not only because
I've seen them but in 1985 XXXXXX asked if I would, mind joining the field operations.
calibrated the first Geiger counters and field instruments for the Iowa incident near Attumwa.
*X had to go to Africa so I had to take a team down there in a rain storm near Drakesville Iowa.
I met a farmer there who had arranged for us to meet other people with the sheriff who had
several other incidents occur south of Attumwa. Incidentally, sightings on the ground were
happening simultaneously while stuff was going on with NASA and the shuttle missions. Every
time they would send up a shuttle something seemed to happen on the ground. In 1991 when the
notorious STS-48 mission occurred , they had another incident in Attumwa, Iowa in a soy bean
field.
When I came to Omaha in 1976 I got back into radios. I would listen to all the
transmissions between the astronauts and the shuttle command center in Johnson Space Center in
Houston, and I first heard the astronauts talk about "alien space craft"in 1988. They actually used
those words. I recorded that and sent it to some friends. About 9 months later it turned up on the
television news and that original recording might very well have come from my ham equipment. I
still have the original. After the STS-48 mission. I had another friend working at Goddard Space
Flight Center who had copied the actual live downfeed from the cargo bay cameras. The actual
frequencies of the audio and video are a matter of public record. The trick is shifting through the
thousands of frequencies. We caught, not only the night time shots that became that scenario on
the national program "Sightings," but there were many daylight shots that we have that were never
shown.
The fifth incident is the one where a oval shaped object passed by the satellite that the
shuttle had just launched. I heard them talking about the "alien space craft" on my ham

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
equipment. Within two days of that incident, I had notified my friend Vince DePietro, who is the
image specialist at Goddard Space Center.
I've interviewed people from age five years old to adults. What would you think if you
heard a little five year old girl say " They looked like silver tents with carnival lights on them in
Mr. Roberts field", who are Amish children, to very elderly Amish people in their 90's and 80's
who have seen these things sit down on the roads in lowa. And when you have people who don't
watch TV or listen to radios or read science fiction books, they have a way of describing
something that is very interesting. So when I see a army general come on the TV and talk about
"ball lightning" and crap like that, after a while, you can really tell who is a straight shooter and
who isn't. It just makes the hair stand up on the back of your neck...all of these people who I've
interviewed with X
we have on video tape and/or audio tape. Some of it is so valid and
real and the physical trace evidence is still visible in these areas where we have done
investigations. I've had persons from the Pentagon, Airforce Intelligence officers...one who
introduced himself to me over the phone after attending Y
X conference several years
ago here in the area at the Oakcrest Institute. He wanted to come to my house and see my ham
equipment soon after the STS-48 mission. I asked him to show me his ID at the door, by law
they are required to do that. He was spit and polish and he showed me his credentials.
Military Surveillance of American Citizens
In late 1989, I employed a professional firm to "sweep" my house for electronics. And a
professional firm to debug my lines...my lines have been tapped. My picture has been taken.
After I started working on the Mars Project, Air Force inter-agency cars would drive by my
house. My photo was taken outside of White's Color Photo. People in civilian clothing have
been taking pictures of me and my wife. When I was in Kansas City at World's of Fun, I saw
the same woman and the same guy we'd seen elsewhere. When I've given conferences anywhere
from Florida to Seattle I've seen some of the same people taking our pictures. So there is NSA
and you name it out there, very well aware of what my work is and other MUFON investigators.
Just to double check, I checked with the FBI on whether there is a file on me and there is a file
about an inch thick on everything I have ever sent to Senator Kerry about all my experiences. He
has a file about an inch thick on my Mars Project research. Given the fact that he is a former

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2773, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Navy man, and he chaired the House and Senate Committees on Intelligence, you can begin to get
an idea here of how this all overlaps. I will give you an example of something of how much of
this is network and you can make of it what you will. I had a phone conversation with Vince
DiPietro after the STS-48 mission and he told me he had locked himself in the vault and he got a
copy of the unedited mission tapes because the one at Johnson Space Center was erased. Within
24 hours, the payload manager of the STS-48 Mission called my house and leaves a message, "Is
this the residence of Harry Jordan who has the tape on the STS-48 mission? This is so and
so...I'd like to talk to you." I called him back and talked to him. And all of a sudden James Oberg
comes into the picture and tries to debunk the whole affair on National television with Tim White
hosting SIGHTINGS. My wife was getting pretty nervous about this time. Anyway.... Vince
called me and said they had flown the astronauts into Washington and had them at a restaurant and
were really giving them the third degree because someone had overheard them talking about "alien
space craft". Well, they have different scramble channels, and they forgot to turn the channel,
you know, we human beings, we make mistakes...so I'm not the only one who overheard
this...there is substantial evidence out there from other people who heard this. Well, the bottom
line is that within one day of my saying on the phone to Vince at Goddard Space Flight Center, "
it would sure be neat to share this with someone who needs to know what's going on," I was
going into Nebraska Furniture Mart Mart on a Sunday after I say this....and I'm coming out of the
pick-up area with a new VCR that I bought to make a copy of this tape...and lo and behold who
is standing in back of me but Senator Kerry with his car who was there to pick up something.
Now you put all of this together, and people don't believe this... and you have something that
couldn't make a better plot for a movie! And he's standing there and he looks at me, and says,"
Do I know you?" And I said, "Yes. You had a son who went to Creighton Prep who was in my
classroom. And I talked to him. It could have been a coincidence...but you put this all together
and if you were me, what would you think? I'm not going to say anything beyond that. So I had
a little talk with him.
Public Conditioning
It's evident there is movement afoot within the intelligence community, both
civilian and military of the US Government that is focused on conditioning the American public
and the world at large about aliens, flying saucers, and everything else that goes behind it. I am
fairly convinced. I've had Pentagon Airforce Intelligence officer....one who introduced himself to

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 2866, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
me over the phone after attending a conference several years at Oakcrest Institute. He wanted to
come to my house and see my ham equipment soon after the STS-48 mission. I asked him to
show me his ID at the door. By law they are required to do that. He was spit and polish and he
showed me his credentials. I took him into my house and showed him my ham equipment and
my Mars Project stuff and all of a sudden, that summer, I got three invitations to go talk at Seattle,
Florida, and Missouri MUFON Conferences. I hooked it all up with this guy who everybody
knows out there who has connections with what I call "INTEL funny money." If you want to
know what is going on in the civilian sector then you can't go out with NASA or NSA on the side
of your trucks. These guys will go out and recruit civilians with expertise who are willing to do
things on their own, unknowingly playing a role with other people. I know for a fact that the stuff
that I've done and XXXXX has definitely been scrutinized in person by people connected with
the federal intelligence community. I have never been paid for my work nor have I been offered
any. I was interviewed by six people in a restaurant after hours in Lincoln, NE in 1986, the year
after my Mars research. ¿
XXXX
X, who was with the Dept of Defense and involved with
Star Wars, I met with him and he asked me how I got involved with the Mars stuff. Before I had
made these models, and I can't tell you who, but they were later identified, but someone had sent
me original negatives that I still have in a safe here in a bank vault in Omaha. These are negatives
from the Viking Missions of the Face on Mars, and the pyramids that are up there. And we
printed these out here in at White's Color Lab here in Omaha. The emulsion and the film
processing was top secret at the time. These people wanted to know why I was so convinced that
there was something up there on Mars. And it was pretty bizarre. I was a little uneasy. John
Brandenburg introduced me to these people and asked me if I wouldn't mind talking to them.
These people were definitely trying to figure out what to do about me...and what I know. The
Mars issues are very real and people would be stunned if they knew the truth.
They asked me definite questions," Have you been on talk shows? Who have you talked to about
this?" XXXXXXX a local hostess of a cable television show like "Unsolved Mysteries" of
her own...they did an hour and a half special on Nebraska Public Television out of the University
of Nebraska in Lincoln. Out of the blue I got this invitation to go there and share my stuff on the
program. Last I saw XXXXXXX she was out at the XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX He
had the biggest private audio/video library in the country. He was a genius for making contacts.
Everybody from Whitley Strieber to Stanton Friedman. He introduced me to Stanton Friedman.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
XX and I, all of a sudden, became known over the world for our work here in little ol' Mid-
America. I've come to the realization that it is more important what happens in your own back
yard than what happens in the White House, because they don't know...they DO NOT KNOW.
And if they do know, they only know so much. When I went to Goddard Space Center in
December of 1988, there was a hearing before 300 some technicians and scientists. This was the
cream of the crop of the planet...people who put people on the moon. They were there to review
data from the Viking missions and everything surrounding it. Richard Hoagland, a former
science advisor to Walter Cronkite, was there to give a presentation on XXXXXXXX work.
(Note: Vince DiPeitro is the image specialist at NASA who started the Face on Mars Project and
investigation.) I was asked if I had ever been contacted by a "Frenchman" who was a personal
friend of XXXXXXXX They were concerned about the Soviet spacecraft and The Observer
spacecraft going to Mars, as having been given the wrong numbers. Someone took his numbers
and reversed them and caused the engines, the rockets, the hydrozine to fire prematurely and then
turn the solar cells away from the planet and effectively killing the satellite. They were telling me
that this thing was being sabotaged. So he (the Frenchman) called me and asked me to call...this
is incredible stuff!...he asked me to call the Soviet Embassy in Washington DC ...he had the
number, and talk to the Science advisor, the President's Science advisor and tell them what was
going on. So I called the embassy to talk to the scientist, and he was not there. Then I called
back to Goddard and talked to Vince and some other people and I said, 'This is getting me a little
nervous! Here I have someone calling me and claiming that the satellites are being sabotaged" and
so I immediately called the FBI. The guy came over here and met me. Our satellite and the
Soviet Satellite would have the same problem. The Soviet satellite was due to arrive several
months before The Observer and the same problem was going happen to the Observer because our
NASA guys gave the wrong numbers on purpose to the Soviets and the same thing was going to
happen to The Observer. He (the Frenchman who called) predicted that over a month ahead of
time. He told me what was going to happen. So I contacted the FBI and turned over all of my
Mars research plus that statement to an FBI agent here in Omaha, who I will not name. But the
FBI does have an extensive file on this. And you don't just do this stuff because you can get
fined $10,000 dollars for making false statements. But I said I can prove these things, and I said
I had hard evidence and then shared it. I want the American people to know the truth.
What I'm trying to say really is that a lot of this money is being wasted for the shear purposes of

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 1107, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3..
facade on things they already know the answers to. There are people working in areas at Goddard
who can't talk about what they are working on with their own associates because they wear a both
civilian and military hats. Why? Because they only want a few people in the know about how the
whole picture comes together. When you have an assistant to the Secretary of Defense walking
up to you at a conference in St. Louis, MO, wearing a baseball cap, a sport shirt, jeans and tennis
shoes and asks to speak with you about the STS-48 mission, you have to ask yourself, "What the
hell is going on here?"
If a UFO landed on a farm in Nebraska and I was fortunate enough to examine the evidence,
I'd think twice before I'd let anyone know it was there and probably protect its occupants from
ever being discoved. I have seen the truth first hand and could care less about convincing those
would rathar obtain their knowledge from second or third hand heresay on the WWW.
UFO's exist and actively fly on station around NASA's shuttle.
We have video tapes in Omaha which clearly show them !
Harry A. Jordan MFA

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 5, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
yy.
