{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T22:23:21Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 16, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 823176, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127528-catherine-austin-fitts-enemy-of-the-state-part-1-tue-feb-5-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "d6d7299151cfa0bc9edfd6de5ff704444e1c093a4f6286a62095597c93be6380"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 319, "chars": 2140, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 1 of 16
News
Features
scoop
My Scoop
...looking for Hawkes Bay wel
About
Scoop
Scoops | Parliament | Politics | Monitor | World | Business | Sci-Tech | Culture | Education | Region
Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Tuesday, 5 February 2002, 11:18 am
Article: Uri Dowbenko
Editors Note: This is part one of an account of the extraordinary story of
Maverick US Banker Catherine Austin Fitts, and new occasional
contributor to Scoop. See also... Enemy Of The State - The Catherine
Fitts Story (2) for an update on what happened next...
BUSHWHACKED
HUD Fraud, Spooks and the Slumlords of Harvard
by Uri Dowbenko
First Published In The Conspiracy Digest
Catherine Austin Fitts is still trying to figure out what happened.
Her company, Hamilton Securities, Inc., was the lead financial advisor to
the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).
Hamilton was hired to manage the sales of $10 billion worth of
mortgages on houses, apartment bulldings and nursing homes.
By all accounts, Hamilton's new program was a resounding success.
In fact, the HUD loan sales program team was even given a Hammer
Award for Excellence in Re-engineering Government by Vice President Al
Gore's Reinventing Government Initiative. By cutting red tape and
improving the resale value of HUD owned mortgages, hamilton
Securities was a case study of a public-private partnership that saved
US taxpayers lots of money.
Until...
The firm was ambushed by a series of lawsuits, audits and
unsubstantiated rumors which destroyed the business.
Catherine Austin Fitts -- Maverick Banker
In the arcane but stodgy world of investment banking, Catherine Austin
Fitts is a revolutionary.
Before founding her own firm, Fitts, a Wharton graduate, was the first
woman to be promoted to managing director of Dillon, Read and Co,
Inc., the prototypical elitist men's club Wall Street investment bank.
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
Search the
Advanced Searcl
orga
espr
coffee
My Scoope
More info
Heading
Survey I
Sure one biter 1
10:59 am Superco
Salons, Cosmo a
10/2/02

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 3267, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
To her credit, Fitts was instrumental in building a new market for Dillon
Read. She began underwriting previously unrated municipal bonds, in
essence, financing large government projects which other Wall Street
firms said couldn't be done.
These novel bond sales helped revive New York City's crumbling subway
system, and they provided funding for the City University of New York
and other major projects.
The market in unrated and low-rated muni bonds took off, earning Fitts
the title of "Wonder Woman of Muni Bonds," in a glowing Business
Week article (February 23, 1987).
In 1989, she was asked to become the Federal Housing Administrator
under HUD Secretary Jack Kemp. Fitts moved to Washington to
undertake the monumental task of reforming the scandal-ridden, fraud-
plagued agency.
After her stint in government, she was invited to be a Governor of the
Federal Reserve Board. She declined.
Instead she founded Hamilton Securities Group, an employee-owned
investment banking firm, which created an innovative system for saving
taxpayers billions of dollars in the sale of government-guaranteed
mortgage-loan sales from HUD.
By promoting open disclosure in the HUD financial transactions, Fitts
undoubtedly, and unknowingly, must have stepped on a lot of toes.
The Crony Capitalists (or Old Boys' Network - or the Octopus) must
have seen Hamilton's program of financial transparency as a major
threat to their system of bid rigging and insider trading.
HUD Cost Savings Lead to Hamilton's Demise
In this extremely complex case, newly disclosed evidence indicates that
powerful forces conspired to destroy the financial equity of employee-
owned Hamilton Securities, as well as the personal life savings of the
firm's president, Catherine Austin Fitts.
Why? Because Hamilton Securities had opened up the market for
defaulted HUD mortgages. In simple terms, the established network of
insiders would be susceptible to -- horrors! - open competition, not to
mention an entire universe of new bidders.
In fact, Hamilton's plan for optimization of sales of defaulted mortgages
resulted in a savings of over $2.2 billion for US taxpayers.
The numbers are staggering. Every year HUD issues about $70 billion of
mortgage insurance which guarantees the mortgages used to finance
homes, apartment buildings, nursing homes, assisted living facilities
and hospitals. HUD then pays out about $6 billion on claims for
defaulted mortgages, which the agency has to then manage at great
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
Page 2 of 16
From Hell
9:47 am Julie Syr
atya Rivas: Tr
reatest Numb
9:20 am Katya Ris
Scoop Feedback:
Science vs Demc
3:44 pm Scoop Fe
Scoop: Top Scoo
Politics
3:08 pm Alastair T
LW: Bush's Ar
hreat Based C
2:29 pm Green Le
Louis Vuitton rar
due to weather
How to Score Rit
Follows US Treni
12:07 pm Barbara
Vife Of Prisone
alls For Fair Tr
11:54 am narcone
www.Unanswere
So Hear & with R
Katya Rivas: I Al
People Together
8:51 am Katya Ri
Scoop: Top Scoo
Politics
4:45 pm Alastair T
Scoop Editorial:
4:37 pm Alastair T
Q Wire: Wilde
elmart "Mike"
11-17 am
www.Unanswere
SRA Commentar
Control People
10:40 am Chris Sa
BTL: Bush's Irac
Linked to Electio
10:21 am Betweer
10/2/02

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•Şcoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 3 of 16
cost to taxpayers.
Prior to Hamilton's involvement, HUD was recovering about 35 cents on
the dollar of mortgage insurance payments made on defaulted
mortgages.
When Hamilton instituted their new program, HUD's recovery rate
soared to about 70 to 90 cents on the dollar. How? Hamilton introduce
a proprietary optimization bidding software and an on-line database o
information, accessible to all investors, 5o that the defaulted portfolio
could be bid upon in an open auction.
In October 1997, the Chairman of one Congressional oversight
committee referred to the Hamilton-based loan sales at HUD as
generating "eye-popping" yields.
In fact from 1994-97, HUD saved about $2.2 billion in HUD's $12 billion
mortgage portfolio. These savings then allowed HUD to issue far more
new mortgage insurance at a lower cost.
When Hamilton's successful loan sales-auction program was suspended
due to the investigation, the old levels of government inefficiency and
¡raud were resumed. Call it "Business As Usual."
That means HUD is now losing about $4 billion per year on its $6 billion
of defaulted mortgages - instead of just $2 billion. That's the
equivalent of 20,000 taxpayers working their whole lives to pay for this
boondoggle for just one year.
Anatomy of a Corporate Murder
Targeted by criminal elements in the Department of Justice (DaJ),
Housing and Urban Development (HUD), as well as a cartel of private
investment companies, Hamilton Securities has undergone an onslaught
of unimaginable harassment and intimidation.
There had been a SWAT-like attack on Hamilton's office in Washington,
19 audits, countless subpoenas as well as ongoing litigation against
HUD to force them to pay monies owed on their contract. It's been a 4-
year long financially and emotionally draining "investigation." To date,
there has been no evidence of any wrongdoing -- just rumors,
innuendo, and lots of character assassination.
First, in June 1996, a sealed qui tam lawsuit, a phoney whistle-blower
suit, as well as a Bivens action was filed by John Ervin of Ervin &
Associates, Inc., a HUD subcontractor, notorious for filing nuisance
lawsuits and "bid protests" -- 37 of them in the recent past. In the
Bivens suit, he sued HUD itself, as well as several former HUD officials
personally.
in fact, Ervin's lawsuits have cost a good-sized fortune in legal fees and
overhead, estimated -- from 1995 to date -- to be as high as $40 to
$50 million. An insider claims that during that time Ervin had up to 17
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2504, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
„Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 4 of 16
in-house personnel working full time on mountains of paperwork
regarding this and other cases.
So who's bankrolling Ervin? Nobody has offered any explanations, but
for a small time HUD sub-contractor like Ervin, this has turned out to be
a serious investment.
Under the False Claims Act, a private party like Ervin, who files suit on
behalf of the government, can receive 15-30% of any recovery, if the
government's claim is successful. That percentage (15-30%) would
have covered asset seizures of up to $4.7 billion of loan sales won by
Goldman Sachs and its partners.
Is somebody just playing the odds? In this version of government
"greenmail", or state-sponsored extortion, any asset seizures could be
part of this 15 to 30% bounty.
The Spooky Life of Stanley Sporkin
Then, it just so happened that the judge presiding over the Hamilton
case was the former CIA Counsel -- Federal Judge Stanley Sporkin
(recently retired).
According to Rodney Stich, author of "Defrauding America," "Sporkin
was involved with the 1980 October Surprise scheme and his judicial
appointment was probably his reward by the Reagan-Bush
administration for helping carry it out, and to block any judicial
exposure or prosecution action."
(The October Surprise was the Reagan-Bush black-ops/covert action to
delay the release of the hostages in Iran, resulting in the electoral
victory of Reagan as US President.)
Sporkin was appointed to the bench by Ronald Reagan in 1985. His
spooky roots, however, go back to the days when he was a director of
the SECS Division of Enforcement, while the infamous Bill Casey was
practicing his Wall Street shakedown techniques as Chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sporkin's other claim to fame was to encourage Casey to go after the
infamous scamster Robert Vesco. Was Vesco more competition -- or
just another freelancer?
Casey, who like George H. W. Bush, neglected or "forgot" to put his
assets in a blind trust later also became director of CIA. His shares --
controlling stock in Capitol Cities Communications -- were eventually
used to take over ABC in a $3.5 billion merger deal.
In the words of Joseph Persico, author of "Casey", "the director of the
Central Intelligence Agency was soon to be a substantial shareholder in
one of the country's major forums of free expression, with wondrous
opportunity for managing the news."
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2727, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 5 of 16
Also according to Persico, Casey further employed Sporkin's specious
reasoning by claiming that killing "suspected terrorists" was not
murder.
Reagan's infamous Executive Order 12333 which privatized US National
Security State dirty tricks was ostensibly the reason.
"Striking at terrorists planning to strike at you was not assassination,"
wrote Persico referring to Sporkin's logic, "it was 'preemptive self-
defense."
Then Sporkin became the general counsel for the CIA (1981-86) and his
mastery of coverup skills increased dramatically. For instance, in
keeping the Oliver North Cocaine Trafficking Operation under wraps, it
was Sporkin who invented another ingenious method of lying by
omission.
Persico writes that "North's insistence that the oversight committees be
cut out troubled the CIA people. But the adroit Sporkin found a
loophole. The President was required to inform the oversight
committees of a covert action presumably in advance of the action,
except when the urgency of the situation required that notification be
delayed." Result? Everybody was notified 48 hours after the operation.
According to Persico, Sporkin also perfected the techniques of writing
retroactive "findings" for Congress, so that CIA criminality could always
be disguised or covered up -- after the fact.
Stich concludes that "to protect the incoming Reagan-Bush teams and
many of the federal officials and others who took part in October
Surprise, the Reagan-Bush team placed people, including those
implicated in the activities, in control of key federal agencies and the
federal courts. Some, like attorneys Stanley Sporkin, Lawrence
Silberman, and Lowell Jensen were appointed to the federal bench
defusing any litigation arising from the October Surprise or its many
tentacles... Organized crime never had it so good."
Ironic Postscript Dept.: In Feb. 2000, retired spooky judge Stanley
Sporkin (Yale Law School, 1957) joined the global powerhouse law firm
Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The company, which boasts 750 attorneys
in 12 offices worldwide, is considered one of the leading law firms in the
country on bankruptcy.
The Hamilton Bushwhack
In the Hamilton Securities case, Sporkin's claim to fame is that he
managed to illegally keep a qui tam lawsuit sealed for almost 4 years.
That could be a "judicial" record.
In August 1996, an investigation against Hamilton was initiated by HUD
Inspector General Susan Gaffney, serving two subpoenas on the
company -- and incidentally failing to tell Hamilton about the existence
of the qui tam as required by law. The subpoenas demanded hundreds
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2627, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
„Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 6 of 16
-*
of thousands of documents, mostly HUD documents that HUD already
had, or that had been supplied to them as part of the ongoing work -- a
clear case of burying Hamilton in paperwork as more ongoing
harassment.
At the same time, a HUD audit team from Denver had completed a
favorable audit of Hamilton's program. When Fitts asked HUD IG
Gaffney whether she intended to "bury the Denver audit," Gaffney
huffed back, "How dare you suggest that I would do any such thing?
That would be unethical."
In fact, she did exactly that. Susan Gaffney never allowed the
publication of the Denver Audit team's report which exonerated all of
Hamilton's methodology and results.
Then, at the same time, a smear campalgn against Hamilton was being
waged through a "US News and World Report" hatchet-job article about
HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros and the loan sales program.
According to Fitts, the lead reporter had been assured "at the highest
levels" of the HUD Inspector General's office that Hamilton Securities
and Fitts were the subject of a criminal investigation and were guilty of
criminal violations.
There was no evidence, however, either offered by HUD or published by
the magazine, and these false allegation also died with the passage of
time.
In a bizarre double-bind mentality, HUD and DoJ -- in a separate court
and with a different judge - had taken the position that the Ervin
lawsuit was without merit -- even while Hamilton's legal costs climbed
into the millions of dollars.
The Dirty Fingerprints of Lee Radek
In December 1997, Hamilton wrote a letter to the President's Council on
Integrity & Efficiency (PCIE), a committee in the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), to investigate HUD IG Susan Gaffney's conduct.
Hamilton's four-page highly detailed letter to Neil J. Gallagher, Acting
Assistant Director of the FBI's Criminal Investigative Division and
Chairperson of PCIE was blunt.
"The HUD IG has crossed the line in its investigation of Hamilton, which
aisgruntled HUD contractor," wrote Fitts.
wag runtled he contractor rate fiftee is eates ng and
unfocused "fishing expedition" against Hamilton has failed to produce
findings of wrongdoing and threatens the survival of the firm. The
repeated leaking to the press of proprietary and confidential information
that only the HUD IG could know and the intervention of other Federal
Agencies [IRS, FDIC] into Hamilton's affairs constitute a campaign of
smear, slander and intimidation that should be investigated and
stopped."
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2846, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 7 of 16
Fitts wrote about many incidents of intimidation and harassment which
"demonstrate or suggest that the HUD IG is deliberately leaking
information to the press about its investigation of Hamilton. These leaks
represent serious and persistent breaches of confidentiality, unethical
and unlawful behavior and violations of Hamilton's constitutional
PCIE declined to investigate. In her next letter to Gallagher in February
1998, Fitts wrote that "since the filing of our complaint, the Hamilton
Securities Group Inc. and all of its subsidiaries have been rendered
insolvent... In the face of eighteen months of Inspector General 'lynch
mobbing' we have exhausted our reserves and have no means to
continue an investigation that has no end..."
After another refusal by PCIE to investigate, Hamilton filed a Freedom
of Information Action (FOIA) for the files.
The files revealed a heavily redacted letter signed by the Lead Coverup
Meister himself -- Lee Radek, head of the Department of Justice's
Ironically named "Office of Public Integrity."
In a letter dated April 3, 1998 addressed to Thomas 3. Piccard,
Chairman of the Integrity Committee of the PCIE, Radek wrote "C.
Austin Fitts, President of the Hamilton Securities Group, Inc, sent the IC
a copy of a civil complaint filed by Hamilton Securities against HUD
Secretary Andrew Cuomo, Assistant Secretary Nicolas Retsinas and
Inspector General Susan Gaffney. The complaint alleged that HUD's OIG
investigation of Hamilton and improper media leaks by the OIG about
the investigation was causing Hamilton to go out of business... After
reviewing the letter and the attachments, the Public Integrity Section
concludes that the allegations in the complaint do not provide sufficient
information to warrant a criminal investigation."
The rest of the page -- seven inches of what used to be text -- is
blacked out.
For the record, US Department of Justice apparatchik Lee Radek has
held a virtual stranglehold on DoJ "investigations," consistently covering
up the criminal activities of the Clinton Administration. As a linchpin in
the corrupt DoJ, he has had many opportunities to coverup crimes and
block inquiries -- and he has taken full advantage of his position as a
Federal-Mob "enforcer."
It's an ironic twist of fate, then, that Neil Gallagher -- the FBI staff
member of PCIE, whose job it was to investigate allegations against
Susan Gaffney -- and Lee Radek appeared together in May 2000 before
a Congressional hearing -- as antagonists.
Gallagher affirmed in public testimony that Radek was indeed under
pressure from US Attorney General Janet Reno to stall any investigation
into the Clinton-Gore campaign fund raising scandals.
Unsealing the Lawsuit
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2567, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Finally in May 2000, US District Judge Louis F. Oberdorfer unsealed the
qui tam lawsuit against Hamilton - and surprise! -- the DoJ decided not
to pursue the groundless claims.
The suit was filed in June 1996, and Dol's decision not to intervene in
this case came after a 1,400 day so-called "investigation" - or 1,340
days longer than the 60 days mandated by the Federal False Claims
Act.
Hamilton Securities maintained that the allegations in the complaint
were not true, and there was no evidence to support the false
allegations.
In fact, HUD security procedures and overlapping levels of review
associated with the open bidding process made the alleged bid rigging
and insider trading impossible. This was corroborated by HUD's own
audits.
The sources for the alleged bid rigging in Ervin's complaint, kept under
court seal for almost four years, included Jeff Parker of the Cargill
Group, Terry R. Dewitt of J-Hawk (First City Financial Corporation of
Waco, Texas, and a Cargill investment and joint venture partner), and
Michael Nathans of Penn Capital Corporation.
The Waco-Cargill Connection
In retrospect, Hamilton must have been a major threat to the nation-
wide money laundering and financial fraud network which uses
government-guaranteed mortgages and other programs to scam US
taxpayers. The formerly secret sources of the false allegations against
Hamilton have some interesting connections.
SEC documents state that First City Financial Corporation (FCFC) of
Waco, Texas started business in 1986 "purchasing distressed assets
from FDIC and RTC."
nother subsidiary, First City Commercial Corp. was used to "acquir
ortfolios of distressed loans" - another hallmark of the standar
money laundry operation.
According to the Houston Business Journal (Sept. 24, 1999), "First City
Bancorporation, once one of Houston's largest bank holding companies,
was acquired out of bankruptcy in 1995 by J-Hawk Corp of Waco and
renamed First City Financial Corp."
"FCFC began its relationship with Cargill Financial Services Corp. in
1991," according to the company's SEC filings. "Since that time, the
Company and Cargill Financial have formed a series of Acquisition
Partnerships through which they have jointly acquired over $3.2 billior
in Face Value of distressed assets. By the end of 1994, the Company
had grown to nine offices with over 180 professionals and had acquired
portfolios with assets in virtually every state."
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
Page 8 of 16
10/2/02

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2693, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 9 of 16
But then -- and now comes the sad part - - the mortgage banking
subsidiary of First City Financial Corporation, Harbor Financial Group
InC., filed for bankruptcy (Oct., 1999), just as the notorious Denver-
based money laundry, M&L Business Machines, had done years before.
The corporate shell game of mergers, acquisitions and liquidation is
obviously in full play in this scenario.
The other false accuser listed -. Cargill Financial Services Corp., - on
the other hand, is a subsidiary of Cargill, the Minneapolis-based global
agribusiness cartel and the worid's largest privately-heid company.
Cargill is a mega-corporate international merchant of agricultural,
industrial and financial commodities, and it operates in 59 countries,
has 82,000 employees, and about $50 billion in annual sales.
The financial subsidiary, Access Financial Holdings Corp., was formed to
"manage the housing finance business" and "provide residential real
estate mortgages," an unregulated arena in which money laundering is
often the real business.
And here's the punch line in this revolving-door-syndrome joke of the
Criminal Big Government-Big Business Syndicate.
The lead law firm listed on First City Financial's 1998 registration
statement is Weil Gotshal -- former spooky judge Stanley Sporkin's new
employer.
Whistle-Blower Stew Webb's Perspective
Federal whistle-blower Stewart Webb thinks he knows why Catherine
Austin Fitts and her company, Hamilton Securities, were bushwhacked.
In fact, he believes that her operation was a direct threat to the
"Denver Boys" -- the Bush Crime Family's money laundering operation
based in Denver.
Why was she targeted? "Because she had set up a company which was
showing the government how to save money through competitive loan
sales programs," explains Webb. "It was a threat to [Leonard] Millman
in Denver. Because they were in control of the mortgage program."
Webb is referring to the many HUD low-income housing-based frauds
and scandals in Denver. He claims that one of their proxies was John
Ervin himself. "He had his own office in Denver," says Webb. "One of
the biggest supplies of money to these boys is the money they're
stealing from HUD. They are still robbing HUD like nobody's business."
"That's a massive covert revenue stream for them," continues Webb.
"As of last year, they became the largest apartment owner in the United
States. AIMCO. That's Millman and Company in Denver."
Apartment Investment and Management Co. (AIMCO) is one of the
largest real estate investment trusts, or REITs, in the the US with
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2343, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 10 of 16
›perates about 1,834 properties,
units nationwide in every state except Vermont.
AIMCO is the successor to the Considine Co,. founded in 1975, by Terry
Considine, It was then re-organized as a real estate investment trust
and became a public company through an initial stock offering in July
In an article called "HUD, AIMCO Clash Over Housing" (Denver Business
Journal, May 8, 1998), AIMCO was excoriated by affordable-housing
dvocates for taking 90,000 low-income ("affordable housing"
partments -- bought from HUD at below market rates -- anc
converting them into higher end properties, thereby displacing poor
renters.
According to the article, "the revamping also involves upgrading bare-
bones properties built with federal funds two decades ago which will
allow AIMCO to boost rents."
AIMCO has also gobbled up Washington DC-based apartment manager
YHP, Inc., Ambassador Apartments, a Chicago-based REIT, and the
apartment portion of Insignia Financial Group.
sole provider of such homes in many markets, the implications are
ominous,
More homeless people on the streets are a sure bet.
The Harvard-Bush Connection
Since historically the Chinese Opium Trade and the African Slave Trade
have provided the financial foundation for the Boston "Bluebloods," it
should come as no surprise that the Harvard Endowment Fund and the
Harvard Management Corporation are involved in what can be
characterized as shady enterprise at best -- or criminal activity at
worst.
In 1989, the Harvard Endowment Fund, became the 50% owner of HUD
subsidy (Section 8) and non-subsidy apartment buildings through its
purchase of NHP, an apartment management firm, headed by Roderick
Heller III.
Since their plan was to do an Initial Public Offering (IPO) or a merger
or NHP, they tried to run up the value by aggressive acquisition of
more apartments, preferably with HUD issued mortgage insurance
which could be defaulted on -- with little or no consequence.
Unfortunately for Harvard, HUD had initiated its new open-disclosure
and performance-based auction under the direction of Hamilton
Securities. When the private market firms battled it out, Harvard was
outbid by GE, Goldman Sachs and Black Rock and its sour grapes
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
, Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 11 of 16
apparently turned to vengeance.
In 1996, according to Fitts, Rod Heller told her that the government had
a "moral obligation" to him and his investors (Harvard Endowment) to
renew or roll over the subsidies with them to maintain their profits.
In other words, an open auction-free marketplace was not acceptable to
the Harvard Boys, since they were operating their business of HUD-
backed corporate welfare-subsidies under what Heller claimed was "an
understood handshake."
The HUD portfolio of distressed properties had traditionally been
managed to derive profits for private business -- like Harvard
Endowment Fund -- and not the US taxpayers. Since Harvard was used
to rigging profits through politics, not fair business practices, it started
losing income because there were less management fees and the value
of its stock started going down.
In 1991, Harvard and Heller asked Fitts to do an investment bank with
them. At the last minute, Harvard Management Company honcho
Michael R. Eisenson told her he wanted 20% of her new company's
stock, and the deal was shattered.
On the first large HUD loan sale, Eisenson complained to Fitts, "I don't
like this" - referring to Hamilton's use of optimization software to
auction HUD mortgages - "because the only way we can win is by
paying more than our competitors. We prefer a bid process where we
can win by 'gaming it' because we are 'smarter.""
For those unfamiliar with Soviet (or is it Harvard-Mob?) terminology,
"smarter" is code language for saying "we can rig it." And "gaming it"
means finding a way of manipulating the players to get control of them,
rather than using the competitive process of free market capitalism.
Eisenson was obviously quite at home with the proverbial "fix."
And who is Mike Eisenson? He was the lead investor who eventually
old Harvard's share of NHP to the Denver-based AIMCO. His other
laim to fame is that he was on the board of directors of the infamou
harken energy which rigged an insider stock deal on behalf of George
W. Bush - not coincidentally a Harvard grad.
In 1986, a small company called Spectrum 7 (George W. Bush,
Charan aed, cholarge a tured by Han and fear or Co Are Bush,
acquired by Harvard Management Co. The oil and gas, real estate and
private equity portion of Harvard Endowment also acquired. Warren
Buffet's position in NHP, one of the largest owners of HUD Section 8
subsidized properties in 1989.
Then the Hamilton Securities initiated HUD loan sales were slowed
and cancelled, and, of course, Harvard's capital gains were ensured
through an IPO of NHP and through a sale to AIMCO.
http://www.scaop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
•
10/2/02

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2455, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 12 of 16
The Harken Board gave the Junior Bush $600,000 worth of company
stock, plus a seat on the board, plus a consultancy worth $120,000 a
year -- despite suffering losses of more than $12 million dollars against
revenues of $1 billion in 1989.
In 1987 when creditors were threatening to foreclose, the Junior Bush
himself made a trip to Arkansas to meet criminal-banking kingpin
Tatering Staken Energy estea sun tary of the don Bank for the
Switzerland (UBS). Stephens Inc, of course, had ties to the notorious
CIA money laundry bank, the Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (BCCI), where drug trafficking and arms-smuggling profits
mingled freely with looted S&L and fraud-scam proceeds.
Then 1990 Bahrain awarded an exclusive drilling rights contract to
Harken and the Bass brothers added more equity to the deal. Six
months later George Bush Jr. sold off 212,140 shares grossing him
$848,560.
When Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait the Harken stock dropped
suddenly. The SEC was not notified, and no action for insider trading
was taken against the Junior Bush. Why? SEC chairman Richard
Breeden was a faithful Bush loyalist.
Today Eisenson, formerly one of the lead investors in NHP and Harken
and one of the primary portfolio managers of Harvard Management,
runs a private equity portfolio called Charlesbank Capital Partners LLC,
Boston which manages $1.4 billion in real estate investments for the
Harvard Endowment.
One of the partners of a company doing business with NHP, Scott
tam lawsuit with the bogus whistle-blower charges was filed against
Hamliton.
In this complicated story, there's another part of the puzzle which
needs exposure. The Hamilton Bushwhack involved Cargill personnel
falsely accusing the following companies of financial improprieties:
hamilton Securities, as well as investment bankers Goldman Sachs and
Black Rock Financial, a subsidiary of PNC.
Goldman Sachs has been touted as one of the largest contributors to
the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton-Gore Presidential
Campaign.
Was the Hamilton Bushwhack just another outward sign of a covert
ower struggle? Because of its implications, it had the potential to lea
• Clinton's impeachment on serious fund raising violations -- a muc
more significant charge than the Monica Lewinsky Sexcapades used in
the Ken Starr Coverup.
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2583, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 13 of 16
More Spooky Harvard Connections
The key to the mystery of the Hamilton Bushwhack may ultimately be
found in the relationship between 1) government guaranteed/insured
mortgages, 2) asset seizure/forfeitures, and 3) the private companies
whose profits derive from an inside track with both government
programs.
More lucrative than mere corporate subsidies, there are entire
segments of mega-business which depend on these government insider
deals.
For example, besides Harvard, the other primary investor in apartment
management company NHP was Capricorn Investments and Herbert S.
"Pug" Winokur, Jr.
Winokur, former Executive Vice President and Director of Penn Central
capricorn investors Limitea partnersnips,
may have benefited from the outrageous assault on Hamilton's open bid
auction for defaulted HUD mortgages.
Not incidentally, from 1988 to 1997, because of his large investments,
Winokur was also the Chairman and CEO of DynCorp, a US government
contractor whose customers include Department of Defense, NASA,
Department of State, EPA, Center for Disease Control, National Institute
of Health, the US Postal Service and other US Government agencies.
Most importantly, according to SEC registration documents (S-1),
DynCorp is the prime servicer on the Department of Justice Asset
Forfeiture Fund, having procured a five year contract with the
Department of Justice worth $217 million from 1993 to 1998. This 1000
person contract required staffing at over 300 locations in the US and
• SEC documents, DynCorp's personnel supports
that are responsible for administering the federal asset forfeiture laws."
In other words, DynCorp could have profited first from a successful
selzure of HUD loan sales. Then, Dyncorp could have also profited from
HUD "Operation Safe Home" seizures, which target low-income tenants,
mortgage holders and apartment owners. And, since the company has
competies with priate survelance ears and home tearge ted apons to
effect asset seizures using the phoney War on Drugs as a rationale.
By all accounts, there is at least a major conflict of interest in Winokur's
investments in HUD low income housing and his role in Department of
Justice seizures.
Imagine -- if you're Winokur, you can make money on defaulted HUD
mortgages, guaranteed by US taxpayers, as well as by kicking out low-
income housing tenants because of drug-related "asset seizures." The
criminal-corporate-government scams don't get any better.
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2398, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
In the case of Hamilton's open-bid auction process on defaulted HUD
mortgages, the potential $4.7 billion seizure of HUD loan sales would
have been a major plum for DynCorp as the prime servicer of the DoJ
Asset Forfeiture Fund.
By the way, Winokur also had the "foresight" not to board the ill-fated
flight to war-torn Yugoslavia, which took Secretary of Commerce Ron
Brown's life.
There are other spooky connections. According to Newsweek (Feb. 15,
1999), Reston, Virginia based DynCorp is a $1.3 billion firm, which also
trains police in Haiti and works on coca eradication in Colombia, where
three of its American pilots have died since 1997.
Reliable sources allege this shadowy outfit may be a CIA-military
proprietary, in other words, a privatized entity useful for "plausible
deniability." At any rate, it also provides "Yankee Mercenaries" for the
Colombian campaign against drug trafficking. Employing about 30 US
Vietnam War veterans, DynCorp has a $600 million contract to run and
naintain the planes and helicopters used in "anti-drug" efforts in Peru,
Bolivia and Colombia, according to the World Press Review (Nov. 1,
1998).
Postscript: Who says (corporate) crime doesn't pay? According to the
Harvard University Gazette, in June 2000, Herbert S. Winokur Jr. was
named to join the seven-member Harvard Corporation, the University's
executive governing board.
Doing Business with the Feds
Imagine having to wait more than 4 years to get paid on an invoice.
For more than $2 million.
From the US Government.
That, in short, is what happened to Hamilton Securities.
Doing business with the US Federal Government should come with a
warning label.
WARNING: Saving money for the taxpayers can be hazardous to
your health.
"HUD is withholding about $2 million of funds owed to Hamilton for
services performed for HUD," says Hamilton's President Catherine
Austin Fitts. "We also understand that this with-holding is at the
of the Justice Department and the HUD Investigator General."
"As the lead investment banker on $10 billion of loan sales, we have
been able to preserve the integrity of these transactions. We intend to
take whatever steps necessary to recover our shareholders" and
employees value as we have done for the US taxpayers. The unsealing
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
Page 14 of 16
10/2/02

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 15 of 16
of the qui tam lawsuit should free HUD to meet its outstanding
contractual obligations to Hamilton as quickly as possible."
Toward a Positive Future
And what is Catherine Austin Fitts doing now?
Besides trying to recover her life, she's moving ahead with her new
company called Solari Inc., and her vision, the Solari Investment Model,
community-based programs for local equity building and investment.
"Solari is an investment advisory service, which plans to re engineer
investment and financial structures at a local level, so that new
technology can be integrated into communities to increase jobs anc
ownership," says Fitts.
"Over the last ten years, we have prototyped a substantial number of
transactions, venture capital and portfolio strategy to determine the
ideal way to refinance communities in the stock market," she continues.
"Our intention is to create a fund which can finance local development -
- and maintain local control - through an investment model geared for
breakthrough transformations with individual, organizational and
community change."
Her far-reaching vision is an inspiration. "By creating one or two Solari
stock corporations (one for real estate and one for venture capital)
through a community offering, and swapping non-voting stock for
outstanding debt," says Fitts,
"the community can lower short term
debt service and realign interests between numerous constituents who
can be positioned in a win-win financial model."
The problem, in one sense, is simple. The old model -- the Soviet-
inspired centralized command & control system which rules
Washington, its agencies and the beltway bandits feeding at the trough
ot corporate subsidies -- must give way to the new paradigm of the
eighborhood investment model. It's a foregone conclusion: the corrupt
system which guarantees profits to insiders will be swept into the
ashcan of history, just as the Soviet Union and its proxies' brand of
communism has been discredited forever. It's just a matter of time.
In the end -- by building an alignment between spirituality and the
material world -- Catherine Austin Fitts believes that "everyone can
rosper through actions which integrate our spiritual principles in th
naterial world in which we live and work.
For more information of the Solari Model of Investment and community-
based profitability, click on http://www.solari.com.
Copyright 2000 Uri Dowbenko.
All Rights Reserved.
« Uri Dowbenko can be reached by e-mail at u. dowbenko@mailcity.com
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 606, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scoop: Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (1)
Page 16 of 16
DON'T ACCEPT THE LIES
Read the Real News on
Alternative Media --
* Al Martin Raw.
Criminal Govt Conspiracy.
http://www.almartinraw.com
* Conspiracy Planet.
Alternative News & History Network.
http://www.conspiracyplanet.com
* Steamshovel Press.
All Conspiracy. No Theory,
http://www.steamshovelpress.com
* Conspiracy Digest.
Real News That Connects the Dots...
http://www.conspiracydigest.com
Home Page | Headlines | Previous Story | Next Story
Copyright (C) Scoop Media
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00013.htm
10/2/02
