{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:14:22Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2277157, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127534-kowsky-frost-experiment-1927-radio-umschau-article-in-german-with-english-translation.pdf", "source_sha256": "e25d69a44c6ad9bf0756291e68a88ea64563e5070ac9f6b797e7d2d436294902"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3761, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
218
OBER WINDUNG DER SCHWERKRÄFTE + 7 * RADIO - UMSCHAU
PALi
A.
Im Quarzkristall Laboratorium.
Dr. P. Lertes (linke stehend) zu Besuch bei den Erfindern Dr.
Kowski and Ingenieur
„Schwingrahmen", welche bei den Versuchen benutst warden.)
(Rechte in der Ecke
Bereits gleich nach Bekanntwerden nachstehender Einzelheilen hatten wir die Absichi, unseren Lesern nähe.
res über die anscheinend mit gutem
Erfolg durchgeführten Versuche zu berichten. — Um aber genauestens orien-
iiert zu sein, besuchte auf Einladung der Erfinder Herr Dr. Lertes zunächst die Laboretorien, und wir sind somit
heue in der
Lage, gleichzeitig drei hochimieressanie photographische
Aufnahmen von Versuchen au
veröffent-
lichen. — Da die technischen Mittel für die Versuche selbsi nicht allzu kostspielig sind, dürfte mancher Bastler
und
Amateur selbst
sich entschließen, Versuche vorzunehmen; wir sind gerne berei, weitere
#ünsche
der Er.
findern zu übermitteln.
Die Schriftleitung.
Ueberwindung der Schwerkraft?
Ein neuer Erfolg der Quarzkristallforschung.
Wenn noch vor kurzer Zeit, besonders von funktech.
Undurchsichtigkeit steigerten. Wenn auch nach den Unter-
nischer Seite der Beschäftigung der Radio-Amateure
suchungen
von Dr.
Meissner (Telefunken), wonach
mit
mit den kurzen Wellen jede Berechtigung abgespro-
Hochfrequenz behandelte Quarzkristalle
deutliche Luft-
chen and die Möglichkeit wesentlicher Verbesserangen und
strömungen erzeugen, die sagar zur Konstraktion eines
wertvoller Neuerungen auf diesem Wege verneint warde,
suf diesem
Prinzip
berubenden
kleinen Motors
führten
hat nunmehr die Beschäftigung
Iweier junger Forscher
(vgl. „R.-U." 1926, Heft 39), weitere merkwärdige Erschei-
mit altrakurzen Wellen eine Entdeckung gezeitigt,
deren
nungen an solchen Kristallen zu erwarten waren, so war doch
Tragweite in wissenschaftlicher und technischer Hinsicht
diese Erscheinung zunächst ganz unerklärlich. Wocbenlanges
sich heute noch nicht annähernd überseben
läBt. Damit
eifrigstes Experimentieren gab endlich die Erklärang, and
dürfte die Behauptung
der Fachleute,
daß von
der
Be
weitere Versuche zeigten dann die ungeahnten technischen
tätigung der Amateure keine Förderung von
Wissenschaft
Anwendungsmöglichkeiten der Entdeckung.
and Technik zu erwarten sei, widerlegt sein.
Zur Erklärung muß einiges vorausgeschickt werden.
Die Entdeckung warde etwa vor 6 Wochen in dem neu-
Wie bereits teilweise bekanni sein dürfte, baben Quarz and
eingerichteten Zentral-Laboratorium (Fig. 1) der Nessari.
einige andere Kristalle von ähnlichem Atombau die Eigen-
saddin-Werke
in Darredein
(Polen)
durch die
schaft, bei Anlegen von Spannungen in bestimmien Rich-
Herren
Dr. Kowsky und Ingenieur Frost bekanntge.
tangen zur optischen Achse sich auszudehnen bezw.
Beben.
zusammenzaziehen and damit, wenn man schnell
Bei
Versachen über
das Konstanthalten
ganz
kurzer
wechselnde Spannungen verwendet, die elektriecben in m e-
Wellen
mittels
Quarzresonatoren
zergle
das
verwendete
cbanische Schwingungen des Kristalls umzusetzen.
Quarzstück plötzlich ein deutlich
verändertes Au6.
Diese
Schwingungen waren iwar außerordentlich klein,
sehen; es war unschwer zu erkennen, daß sich im Innern
batten aber bereits ihre technische Anwendung bei den
des Versuchs-Kristalls, vor allem dann, wenn in dem Labo.
Quarzkristall-Wellenmessern and bei der Kon-
ratoriumsversuchsraum
eine
Temperatur
von
nicht über
stanthaltung der Wellenlänge von Sendern gefunden. Durch
100 C Wärme herrschte und diese während der ganzen Dauer
eine besondere Anordnung der Erregung der Kristalle in
des
Versuchs konstant gehalten
wurde,
milchige Trü-
verschiedenen Richtungen ist erreicht, daß der Kristall sich
bungen zeigten, die sich schließlich bis zur vollständigen
nun ausdebnt and nicht mehr zusammenzieht. Es

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 1859, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ÜBERWINDUNG DER: SCHWERKRAFT?
219
ist offenbar ein Los-
lösen von Elek-
aus
dem
Molekülverbande
er=
zielt, das,
zunächst
nicht amkehrbar, die
ganze Kristallstraktar
verändert, so daß ein
Zurückehren in den
fräberen Zustand ver-
hindert wird.
Mit
der
Ausdeh-
DUng
WAt
das
UD-
barchsichtigwerden er-
Elärt
gleichzeitig
maßte aber
auch
eine Aenderang
des spezifischen
Gewichtes einge
treten sein. Ein Ver-
such auf der Wage
zeigte, daß sofort nach
Anlegen der Span-
nung der gahz kurzen
Wellen die Seite der
Wage, auf der der
Kristall mit der elek-
trischen Anordnang
lag, in die Höbe ging.
Diesen Versuch zeigt
das Bild Fig. 3. Der
weitere Weg der Un-
tersuchung war damit
vorgezeichnet.
Es
Fig. 2.
25 Kilo wurden durch den freischwebenden Kristall gehoben.
Der Quarzkristall bat seine
Struktur verändert und hält infolge der auf-
tretenden
Reaktionskräfte freischwebend im Raum ein 25-Kilo-Gewicht.
mußte versucht
Wer-
den, wie weit die Ver
ringerung des spezif.
schen Gewichtes sich
treiben ließe. Durch
Verwendung größerer
Energien (zuletit wa-
ren es mehrere Kilo
watt) und längere Ein.
wirkung ließ es sich
schließlich erreichen
daß aus einem kleines
Kristall von 5:2 : 1,5
mIn
Seitenlänge
• ein
undurchsichtiger
mer.
Ber Körper vor exma
10 cm Seitenlänge ent.
stand (Fig. '2), der eo
leicht war, daß er su-
letzt die ganze Apps"
ratar mit sich in dies
Höhe zog and som
gar ein Gewichtswück
von 25 kg frei-
schwebend
in
der Luft hielt. Eine'
genaue Messung and
Berechnung, die dank
der guten Ausstattung
und der reichen Hilfe
mittel des Laborato
riume in Darredein er:
folgen
konnten,
gaben,
daß das spo-
Fig. 3. Der Vorversuch: Die kere F'agschale senkt sich.
Nach Anlegen der Spannung an den Kristall wächst sein Volumen und damit seine Reaktionskraft und Auftrieb zusebends.
Die Wagschale mit aufgelegtem Gewichi steigt, die leere Wagschale senkt sich.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 867, "chars": 5555, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
indi !!
A
& INVENTION
NO BETTER
AVAILABLE
copy
Gravity
Quartz Crystals Charged by High Erequency Cur-
A meHs hafe soren mare bea sheve-
Fig. 1.
The
gravieation
nul-
lifier is
in thia
illus-
merits
made with
shurt-
tration.
Ihe
quartz
cryscal
wi.ve low power transmitters, radio ex-
may
be
55 - pound
support..
perts and amateurs have
recently
decided
weight.
Kowaky is
shown
that stort-wave transmission had reached its
coat because
top
ultimate: and that no vital improvement would
ture at mhich the experiments
beriormeu.
be made
titis line.
A
short
time agu,
however, tuo young European experimenters
WOKIng
with ultra short-waves,
have
made a discovery that promises to be
et primary importance to tbe scientife
ivorid.
Tlie discovery was made about six
merks ago in a newly established cen-
tral laboratory of tie
Nessartsandins-
Werke
in Daredein, Foland, by
Dr.
Kowsky and Engineer Frost.
White
experimenting witn
the
constants ei
very short
waves,
carried
on
by
means of quartz resona-
tors,
a piece oi quarii
which
was
uscd,
suri-
deniv showed a clearly
alterad
appearance.
was
easiiy sten
that in
the center ot the crystal,
esperially when a cod-
stant
temperature
• not
"cerding ten degrees C.
(50 degres Fahrenheit)
was
maintained,
milky
c'ouliness appeared
which
gradually
devel-
•perl to
complete
c:ly.
The
opa-
experiments
Dr. Mrissner, of the
Telefunken
Co.,
alutıg
sinilar
harus,
according
to which quartz crystals,
subjecied to high fre-
quency currents ciearly
showert
aIT
currents
which lort to the construction of a littie motor
hami on this principle.
A meek of eager
experimenteng
finally led Dr. Kowsky
and
Engincer
Frost to the explanation
the
a constant wavelength in radio transmitters.
By a special arrangenient of tle ercitationi
of the crystal in various directions, it may be
made to-stretch or increase in length and
prenomenun, and further experiments showed
the unexpected possibilities for technical uses
oi the discovery.
Some statements must precede the explana-
1:c0.
It is known at least in
part,
that
quarz and
sore other crystals of similar
atomic narure. bave the property when ex-
posed
to potential excitation in a.
definite
dirertion, of stretching and contracting; and
it one uses rapidly changing potentials, the
crysials will change the electric waves into
mechanical oscillations.
This pieso electric
eñfec.,
shown in
Rochelle sait
crystais by
which they may be made into sound-produc-
ing devices
such as loud speakers, or re-
versely into microphones, also shows the re-
sults in this direction. This effect was clearly
explained in
August, 1925 Radio Nrzrs and
December,
1919
Electriral Esperimenicr.
These oscillations are extremel! small, but
have revertheless their technical use in a
quartz crystai wave-meter aud in maintaining
delitii unu dnüenon JUr Der!!i",
Nullified®
rents Lose Their Weight
gravity.
Testing it on the balance showt
that after connecting the crystal to the hig
tertsion
current,
balance on which the crystal ni
the electrical connections rèsis, iu
into the air.
The ill
tration,
Fig.
3, siir;
this experiment.
This pointed the "
for further investigal
and the determinat on
how far the reduction
the specific gravit! cor.
be carried out.
B: :
itse
of greater priw:
finally to
the exieut
severai
kilowatts ai
longer exposure ia t
action,
it
was
toul
eventually that
frum
little crystal, 5 by 2
1.5 millimeters, a
transparent white brr
measuring
about
centimeters on the s.
resulter.
or increa:
o about 20 times iri iens
on any
side (set f
4.)
The transfurm
crystal was so ligh: fi
it carried the rinie i
paratus
with itseli 1
wards,
along
with
weiglt of
turrity-f
kilograms (55 Ibs : 31
pencied
fruit
floating free in the :
On exact inegsutei:
атні
calculation,
on accout of the exr
lent
apparaius
in
Darredein
laboratı
could be readily cart
out, it was found that the specific gras
was reduced to a greater amount than
change in volume would indicate. Its wei!
had become practically negative.
There can be ro doubt that
a beginn
has been made toward vercomig grav.
tion.
It is to be noter, however.
that
law of conservation of energy is absulu!
unchanged.
The energs employed in tri
ing the crystal, appears as the counter er
of gravitation.
Thus the ridle oi grav
tion is not fully solved as yet,
and the pr
ress of experiments will be followed furti
It is,
however,
the first time
that
expr
mentation with
gravitation,
which hithe
has been beyonl the pale of all sich
scarch, has become possible, and it sern
if there were a
way
discoverer at lasi
explam the inter-relations of gravity v
electric aud magnetic forces, which coall
tion. long sought for, has never bees dem
strateri.
This
repairt
appears ill a relli
• Cierman journal,
•.Padie Unschau.
Fig. 2.
r.eni is shown
Theesche ahis diasra of be e herid
thig illustration.
irequency oscillator has
bera ornitted for clear-
5º.30
Fig. 3.
This shows bow the quartz crystal losi
weight when subjected to the high frequency
CUrIENT
The original crystal wen balanced or
tbe
scale.
will not return to its original size. It seems
as if a dispersal of electrons from a mulecuie
resulted, which, as it is irreversible, changes
the entire structure uf the crystal, so that it
cannot be restored to its former condition.
The stretching
out, as we may term this
strange property of the crystal, explains the
impaitment of its transparency.
At the sann
time a
change taxes place in
its speciht
Fig. 4.
This illuatration
the irlat
sizes of the crystal before and after the exp
dưzce.
It is app:oximately
arikina! length on any side.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2297, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
G
Planetary Association for Clean Energy Newsletter
February 1981
Anti-Gravity
Properties of
Crystalline Lattices
In the summer of 1927, two scientists
< Kowsky and Frost, in Poland noted
specific anti-gravity properties of crys-
tals. They were pursuing some discov-
=
Meissner of Telefunken, whereby it was
found that crystals could lose their
transparency and change their specific
gravity at the same time.
By the oscillations of radio trans-
mitters of several kilowatts, at pro-
tracted exposure, Kowsky and Frost
managed to include an eight hundred
percent volume increase to a clear crys-
tal The small, lightened crystal carried
the apparatus which oscillated it as well
as a weight of twenty five kilograms sus-
pended from it, floating free at a height
of about two meters above the floor of a
Radio Frequency Emissions and Magnetostriction
1
after this discovery, reports
and photographs of the tests were pub-
lished in the German
journal, Radio
Umschau and in Science and Invention
(September, 1927 issue).
Those published reports permit a defi-
nition of the phenomena in today's
optical grade
quartz crystal
5x2x1.5 mm of defined lattice structure
was piezoelectrically overloaded with a
resulting opaqueness, a growth of vol-
ume and a structural change along with
specific gravity change. The crystal was
reported to increase dimensions along
one side of two thousand percent (vol-
ume increase of 800%). Its weight of
approximately one ounce was reduced
by an unknown amount during the in-
volume. When electrically
excited to lift itself, the crystal was
capable also of lifting an additional eight
hundred and eighty ounces. This lift
the crystal was
jected to vertical oscillation pressure via
direct elecirode
verse oscillation via non-attached elec-
trodes broadcasting
radiation with the
crystal interposed between them.
of Mass
Magnetostrictive masses emit heat and undergo
dimensional changes on a temporary basis when ex.
posed to a varying magnetic field The molecular
22022
Source: Science and Inventions
alignment of the mass with the field of current induces
mechanical pressures that cause a distortion or •
dimensional change. Normally such physical changes
have been assumed to be lemporary or of unimpor-
lant plasticily Certain non-magnetic substances like
11

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 838, "chars": 5679, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Planetary Association for Clean Energy Newsletter
February 1981
dielectric crystals also react 10 an imposed magnetic
field with molecular re-alignment.
The re-alignment causes a crystal distortion in one
direction, and with alternating current fields, oscilla-
tion occurs. Such is the piezo-electric phenomenon.
The angle of turn of the molecule on its axis is propor-
fional to the "strength" of the induced magnetic field
until a limit of saturation is reached: "weber angle"
or maximum distortion potential of the dielectric
If additional power is applied 1o create a still
stronger magnetic field, molecules ihat happen 1o
exceed weber angles are wrenched away to migrate
along the field path, to form bonds at new positions of
equilibrium. The displaced and repositioned mole-
"deflexions"
• or displaced ions
(Maxwell, Jeans, 1916).
The magnetic susceptibility of a substance varies
inversely as the temperature (Curies Law). This ex-
periment potentially justifies a "K", or a susceptibility
enhancement by lowered temperatures of the 'freeze
storage' of all new re-positioning ions, and con-
sequent stability in new positions. Ion bonds form
slowly in a dielectric heated by intense magnetic field
changes, known as 'inductance heating'. Cooling of
the dielectric by air currents around the dieleciric
which draw off heat allows the dielectric to escape
destruction by melting, brittle fracture, or other heat-
caused affects
The migration of displaced ions is to a surface area
of the dielectric, where the heat sink phenomena
allows a re-bonding temperature
Known research in electric action versus dielec-
trics leads to other supporting information about the
physical phenomenon.
• Helmholtz: The value of "K" changes in a dielectric when it is
subjected to distortion. (K equals the dielectric constant of that
• Maxwell: With displacement, the density of the medium (crystal
structure) is changed so that its molecular structure is changed,
• The K of quartz depends on the direction of the imposed mag-
netic field "relative" to the crystal axis. A vertical K of quartz is
4.55, and horizontal K is 4.49 where K is a reaction to the
• Magnetic conduction in a dielectric is altered as if the properties
of the medium were altered during conduction by a change of
the dielectric constant of the mass itself.
So far the phenomenon appears not to be rejected
by known physical actions. About the phenomenon
itself, a brief theoretical model may be postulated
This may be a stress model of mass where changes
of internal stress induce 'deformation of mass'. Thus
the model suggests a 'two-part' investigation; (1) the
stress model, (2) the later physical phenomena pro-
duced as a product of distortion, and the physical per-
formance relative to change.
The Stress Model
The electric force between charged particles is
independent of the masses of energies of the parti-
cles, and depends only on their charge; whereas, the
gravitational force is proportional to the masses them-
selves. Since in special relativity mass and energy are
related by E = mc?, the 'strength' of the gravitational
field increases as the energies of the virtual particles
An artifically induced increased 'stress' in mass in-
creases the energy of both virtual particles and
gravity
In an electron flow such as common electricily
along a conductor, the 'pressure of the flow affects
the mass of the conductor by several methods
1. free electrons are displaced by induced energy.
2. torque from electrical action is applied to the
mass.
3. stresses are induced within the mass.
4. compression is induced within the mass.
5. structure bonds are affected by such imposed
stresses.
6. ion orbital structure is relative to the induced
energy, greater energy produces energy absorb-
tion with smaller orbits, higher velocities, (pack-
ing fraction)
Electric/Dielectric Combinations
The electrostatic attraction of one object to another
depends on charge, shape, and surface area; but the
magnetic attraction to a fragment of dielectric is a
molecular phenomenon 'independent of shape', but
not surface area. A non-magnetic body will be compo
nents of/or magnetic particles when a magnetic field
is imposed; ie. an attraction. Finally, a magnetic field
will exist in a dielectric after/when an induced field
changes, or is no longer imposed. So it may be
assumed that an intense magnetic field is the one
force which is capable of externally affecting the
dielectric molecular axis change.
Alternating currents produce heat, and a magnetic
field, in a dielectric to a depth proportional lo the
square rool of the oscillation period; and to the
applied strength. A magnetic particle, or ion, is
capable of re-positioning, where 'all mass particles
are also susceptible. Unlike metals, a dielectric 'acts'
as if it conducts one hundred percent of any imposed
field. This is the single most important difference.
The molecular phenomenon may occur 'only' in a
dielectric mass, and not in a metal. The magnetic con-
duction proportional to field depth with a strength
sufficient to dislodge ions eliminates metals (excep-
tion: Bismuth) due to skin affect. The dielectric con-
duction of one hundred percent of imposed fields
"throughout" the mass allows the 'total' mass to be
involved, eliminating skin affect. So, it will affect all
crystalline lattice
affected), however the optimum solution for maximum
affect of this phenomenon may reside within the elec-
trical characteristics of dielectrics.
Magnetic Induction Currents
Magnetic induction postulated as a solenoidal in-
duction throughout the field in the interior of the mass
(all points equal) can occur in a dielectric, but not in a
12

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 828, "chars": 5530, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=.
Planetary Association for Clean Energy Newsletter
February 1981
metal. Magnetostriction of dielectrics: there is
expansion of mass proportional to the induced strains
(internal) to release pressure. Inis is a known,
accepted phenomenon.
'diamagnetic'
currents induced in the same crystal (opposite to
magnetic) about which little is known, but which has
been photographed at Gallimore Labs. Such currents
are always found in 'stressed masses.
Crystal Expansion Confirmed
Crystal expansion was examined from actual repli-
cation of the Kowsky and Frost experiment.
The crystal will have intense internal strains, gen-
erally 'only' in the direction of applied fields producing
. expansion, and diamagnetic currents of unknown
phenomena. (Many phenomena were
detected).
The revised theory of phenomenon is stated as: The
molecular motion and reaction of mass
to intense
magnetic fields may change the structure of the
(dielectric) mass if the imposed field strength exceeds
a force needed to rotate fixed molecules past Webers
angle, where the result would be a dislocation of the
molecule from the mass structure. Given this field
strength, it is almost certain that the repositioning of
molecules will change the normal lattice. structure
and will be accompanied by permanent expansion of
the dielectric along the vector of the imposed field
Such diamagnetic currents as exist will be intense,
and could produce a host of phenomena. The pro
posed 'Anti-gravity' phenomena fall within an 'accepi-
able' but not proven phenomena at the present time.
It is noted that from the Chicago College on Grav.
ity Research that a 60 Hz alternating current im-
posed on a solenoid when placed under an aluminum
plate, will cause the plate to heat, as well as 'lift'
upwards as much as eleven inches. Such a lifting
effect cannot come from magnetic actions, but may
come from molecular actions, and the little known
diamagnetic currents.
fields in alternating currents
become stronger as the frequency increases, higher
frequencies are found more efficient in producing the
'stress fields' producing lift phenomena
Of interest is that one dielectric has been shown to
"fall' more slowly under 'natural conditions than any
mass should fall. It is unknown whether aluminum sili-
cate reacts to existent low intensity magnetic fields,
or whether it has an excessive diamagnetic current
capability occurring naturally
Water Absorbtion/emission
The expanded crystal has been found 1o be both
effervescent and deliquescent. This is unusual in a
single mass; to absorb and release water like
sponge where the material (silicon dioxide) is neither
an absorber or emitter prior to change of the mass
structure, a degeneration of the structure is seen after
one water cycle, and apparently not repeatable
The Kowsky and Frost experiment was reported 1o
have a visual sighting of air currents flowing around
the crystal when under electrical excitation. It is a fac:
that the air currents so described are a reality, but are
not known to exist by crystallographers, unless they
have considerable experience in electrical testing
electrical testers and engineers are not
likely to have witnessed this. It is here noted that air
currents have been found around excited (oscillating)
crystals, but only when a frequency band of one hun-
dred kilocycles to four hundred eighty kilocycles is
utilized. This is further verification of actual research
being in the frequency range specified, and of a rue
research sighting being transmitted
Electricity produced
An expanded lattice crystal has been found 1o pro-
duce a remarkable phenomenon: when an
balance occurs by stress changes in a 'stress
balanced crystal, electricity is produced
A crystal 'grown' in an unbalanced state will 'con-
vert one hundred percent of all radiation reaching it to
electricity
Lift factor
The following equation is only generalized, and its
veracity should be questioned. It may be a guideline
of potential results. The resulting values are indicative
within limits of what can be expected experimentally.
force applied in watts x mass in Kg x Expansion% = KO'"'
Frequency 7170
Example
2000 watts ( 5 kg × 300 %)
777 kc 17770
= 2000(150)
100
= 3000
100
= 30 kg 1111
Mass Structure and Potential Collapse
All mass is susceptible to change. Dielectrics by
having an organized molecular structure are subject
to massive change through force applied. It is consid-
ered a phenomenon where
lattice structure Is
expanded, and re-formed to a new related structure
by energy; and that the structure is now a
medium" of great energies by strain locked in struc
The stability of the medium, or rather the changed
medium, is now questioned, as well as its life span. A
sudden sharp blow or even chemical activity may
"detonate" or collapse the new structure with great
release of energy. This potential is seen at the present
time 1o be both real and hazardous. Should the crystal
mass be capable of sudden collapse, it could take one
of two forms; sudden disintigration 1o a powder stale,
or detonation with a massive release of energy.
perhaps similar 1o atomic conversion of mass 1o
Self Contained Lifting Device
The subject mass utilized in this research has been
quartz dielectrics. Quartz, unlike many substances,
does not shear easily; but has a conchoidal fracture
Providing it did shear, then the lattice structure could
be pried open at selected locations, and slabs of the
expanded variety utilized in different applications
Because of the energy storage phenomena, it is
13

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 333, "chars": 2216, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
assumed it cannot be 'sawed' as the shock potential
is high, yet proportional to the degree of the crystal-
line lattice expansion.
The crystal itself will resemble plastic foam
weight and rigidity. Perhaps it could be sliced by a
laser or electron beam.
Very little power is required to oscillate the sub-
stance for high lift. This and the weight needed to
• Supply that power allows a fully contained device to
be a reality. Power applied as frequency would have
six basic contacts regardless of design, size, or aero
dynamic shape; ie. left side, right side, front, rear, top
and bottom.
With solenoid controls, the full range of flight could
be obtained; forward, left, right, up, down, reverse
The control would be by reversing polarities of a given
area of surface section to provide the desired result.
Each lift/control section would be electrically isolated
in a smooth surface
design by interposing non-
expanded dielectric strips between sections.
skin or the dielectric isolators could provide shape,
rigidity, and supporting design
esistance. and could be included as a
ever, since speed is fully controllable, there should be
no need for heat buildup: simply reduce speed
Reverse Phenomenon
In trying to validate mass structure change as pro
posed, the 'reverse' method of gravitational emission
(ie. "absorbtion") was used
If a mass may "produce" radiation under coercion,
then it may also be susceptible 1o that same radiation
when exposed thus providing a "reverse pheno
menon."
The lattice structure of a dielectric has been pro-
posed as a storage medium of immense energies,
when the
energy applied produced a
'Deflexion'
change (deflected ions) or structural stresses of great
magnitude. A first discovery was that by utilizing a
'new' means of electrical excitement, a "commer-
cial"
process of Deflexion crystals was realized. In
further research, the 'reverse' phenomenon indicates
that 'all dielectrics having 'any' stress components
may be susceptible to gravity radiation.
Discovered in 1974, the reverse phenomenon al-
lowed for an on-time gravity monitor where a dielec-
he difference being that a 'general' state of stres
vas utilized here as opposed to a known finit
(J.G. Gallimore)

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 606, "chars": 3640, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUPPOSEDLY
88 THE ANTI-GRAVITY HANDBOOK
Nullified Gravity-A Hoax
Since and livention for Octobir, 1927
S01.8 1Nv.
0ст 27
In our issue of September, on page 398, we ran an article entitled "Gravity
Nullified, with a subtitle "Quartz Crystals Charged with High Frequency Currents Lose
Their Weight." At the end of the article we also ran a line, "Don't Fail to See Our Next Issue
Regarding This Marvelous Invention."
Those who were wise evidently must have had their suspicions aroused by
the bottom line, and the wiser ones, if they inspected the main photograpg carefully, no
doubt at once saw the hoax.
The article, which came to us from Germany, appeared originally in a German
periodical as an April joke, but it was so excellent that we thought that we could take a little
liberty with our own readers. The question remains as to how many of our readers were
fooled
If you look closely at the main illustration, which we reproduce herewith, you
will observe that the article labeled "1" is nothing more nor less than a microphone with a
resistance. "2" is a pair of head recievers, and "3" is an old time German telephone
transmitter with a mouthpiece which, in this case, serves the practical jokester as a handle.
Naturally the critical inspector of the picture must have wondered what two microphones
and a pair of head receivers had to do with the Gravity Nullifier. Also the supporting wire
does not even touch the ring on the weight. Anyhow, we ask our readers indulgence for
the little hoax, for which we hope to be pardoned because the article surrounding it
seemed quite authoritative and contained really a lot of good science tending of hide the
As a matter of fact, most of the statements are true, with the exception, of
course, of those statements referring to the expanded crystal and to the loss of weight
caused by the supposed high frequency currents.
There are so many wonderful things happening in science every day that he
who would label anything as impossible may have to take his words back the next day. The
real fact remains that gravity will be nullified sooner or later, and most likely by some such
means as shown in the hoax in the September issue. That electricity and gravitation are
closely allied no one doubts, and we would therefore not be surprised if even some of our
more scientifically inclined readers, who did not pay close attention to some of the details,
took the article as authentic.
Scientific hoaxes are no novelty. One of the most famous, which was not
exposed as quickly as this one, appeared in no less than the New York Sun. At that time,
in August, 1835, a certain professor was supposed to have submitted his report on a
fantastic moon people to the Edinburgh Journal of Science, to which manuscript the New
York Sun obtained the first rights, and the article ran consecutively over a period of time.
These moon articles, written in a more or less scientific vein, aroused tremendous
excitement, and the Moon Hoax was actually believed by thousands upon thousands of
people at that time. Needless to say, the Sun afterwards exposed its hoax, but even
though the newspaper did so, the hoax was still believed by thousands of individuals for
years.
The moral is that we should not believe everything that we see, but do a little
original thinking ourselves, because we may never know, otherwise, what are facts and
what are not.
As a matter of interest to the editors, would like to hear trom you as to your
impression of the hoax article, and whether you believed it or not. This will give the editors
a good basis for a compilation of interesting facts.
p°
BUT IT WASN
APRIL ISSUE

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 640, "chars": 4040, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE ANTI-GRAVITY HANDBOOK 89
sy
10
in
le
re
a
le
e.
IS
'e
or
it
le
of
ht
le
le
ch
re
ur
5,
e,
a
le.
of
en
or
tle
nd
sur
ers
A Few Notes on the Articles
In this short commentary we will examine the apparent inconsistencies in the
preceding articles and the scientific evidence supporting the first article reported in a
recently published experiment by J.G. Gallimore which follows this commentary.
It makes one wonder why such a magazine as Science and Invention would
ut their credibility on the line by publishing such a hoax. It is possible that they intender
he sensational article to boost their sales much as the "fantastic moon people" article dic
for the New York Sun (this series of articles boosted the paper's circulation to the highest
of any paper in the world at the time). However, one must wonder, in light of current
knowlege of harmonic math and the incredible properties of crystals, whether or not the
real hoax is not Science and Inventions retraction. Also, J.G. Gallimore claims to have
successfully reproduced this experiment as reported in the Planetary Association for
Clean Energy newsletter, volume 2, Numbers 4 & 5, Febuary 1981 (this article follows).
Can this be called a hoax because the equipment bears a resemblence to
certain mundane articles? It is commonplace for engineers to build projects from any scrap
materials that they could use to prove the viability of their project. In light of this, could
those items be microphones, a German telephone transmitter, a head receiver, etc.?
Quite possibly those items may have been the raw materials that they used for the
experiment, and the "scrap" material that they used no longer functions the way it did
originally.
Is it true that high frequency currents may produce anti-gravity effects?
Referring to the article "Nullified Gravity--A Hoax": "As a matter of fact, most of the
statements are true, with the exception, of course, of those statements referring to the
expanded crystal and to the loss of weight caused by the supposed high frequency
currents." If the October, 1927 article is indeed a hoax, then this may be similar to the
Orwellian "Newspeak", and the very thing that they deny so vehemently is actually the
truth. Actually, for the publication to take this stand would be an insult to the work of Nikola
Tesla who experimented with the anti-gravitic effects of high frequency currents of high
potentials and found them to "contain great promise" (see Bib.).
A number of inconsistencies have been revealed in the article "Nullified
Gravity--A Hoax" through the evolution of our technology since its appearence in
September, 1927. One inconsistency involves the digital reprocessing of the photograph
that is in the article "Gravity Nullified".
Digitizing the photo reveals that the ring actually
does seem to touch the supporting wire.
Another interesting point is the admonition:
"There are so many wonderful things happening in science every day that he
who would label anything as impossible may have to take his words back the next day. The
real fact remains that gravity will be nullified sooner or later, and most likely by some such
means as shown in the hoax in the September issue. That electricity and gravitation are
closely allied no one doubts..."
And why choose a frequency within the range that they selected to conduct
the experiments? That "magic" frequency just happens to be within the same range used
by other anti-gravity and "free energy" researchers. Which leads one to suspect that they
knew exactly what they were doing when they performed the experiment. And why would
a hoax have so much apparently valid experimental data? Usually scientific hoaxes nave
intrinsic inconsistencies concerning the experimental parameters that are used, and it is
those very inconsistencies that reveal the hoax. This contrasts to the body of the article
Also, in the article "Gravity Nullified," in the second paragraph, first line, "The
discovery was made about six weeks ago in a newly established central laboratory..." This

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 3068, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
90
THE ANTI-GRAVITY HANDBOOK
statement was made in the September issue, which would have put the article's
appearence sometime in July. This would have been a bit late for an April fool's joke, as i
stated: "The article, which came to us from Germany, appeared originally in a Germai
periodical as an April joke...", in the article above. It seems curious that a greater amount of
inconsistency appears in the text debunking the original article than in the original article
itself.
In conclusion, the only way the world will ever know what is really going on is
to repeat the experiment as outlined in the original article, to see if the observed
Anti-Gravity effects actually exist.
W.P. Donavan & D.H. Childress
Anti-Gravity Properties
of Crystalline Lattices
In the summer of 1927, two scientists, Kowsky and Frost, in Poland noted
specific anti-gravity properties of crystals.
They were pursuing some discoveries in
piezo-electricity made by Meissner of Telefunken, whereby it was found that crystals
could lose their transparency and change their specific gravity at the same time.
By the oscillations of radio transmitters of several kilowatts, at protracted
exposure, Kowsky and Frost managed to include an eight hundred percent volume
increase to a clear crystal.
The small, lightened crystal carried the apparatus which
oscillated it as well as a weight of twenty five kilograms suspended from it, floating free at a
height of about two meters above the floor of a laboratory.
Shortly after this discovery, reports and photographs of the tests were
published in the German journal, Radio Umschau and in Science and Invention
(September, 1927 issue).
Those published reports permit a definition of the phenomena in today's
terminology.
An optical grade quartz crystal 5x2x1.5 mm of defined crystal lattice was
piezoelectrically overloaded with a resulting opaqueness, a growth in volume and a
structural change along with specific gravity change. The crystal was reported to increase
dimensions along one side of two thousand percent (volume increase of 800%). Its
weight of approximately one ounce was reduced by an unknown amount during the
increase in volume. When electrically excited to lift itself, the crystal was capable also of
lifting an additional eight hundred and eighty ounces. This lift occurred when the crystal
was subjected to vertical oscillation via direct electrode contacts, and transverse oscillation
via non-attached electrodes broadcasting radiation with the crystal interposed between
them.
Radio Frequency Emissions and Magnetostriction of Mass
Magnetostrictive masses emit heat and undergo dimensional changes on a
temporary basis when exposed to a varying magnetic field. The molecular alignment of the
mass with the field of current induces mechanical pressures that cause a distortion or
dimensional change.
Normally such physical changes have been assumed to be
temporary or of unimportant plasticity. Certain non-magnetic substances like dielectric
crystals also react to an imposed magnetic field with molecual re-alignment.
