{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T02:13:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2274692, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127530-catherine-austin-fitts-letter-to-dr-steven-greer-with-excerpts-from-her-writings-10-2-02.pdf", "source_sha256": "a5a461361dcb9ec9bf12637a91a3a44a5390fc2cf39b188d8c885018ebce47f2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1656, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Subj:
Date:
Fwd: Solari Action Network: Articles & Links (Rev.)
10/2/02 9:09:24 PM Easter Daylight Time
XX
Forwarded Message:
Subj:
Solari Action Network: Articles & Links (Rev.)
Date: 10/2/02 1:07:19 PM Eastem Daylight Time
From:
(Catherine Austin Fitts)
To:
(Steven Greer)
Dr. Greer:
Thanks so much for taking the time to speak today.
Following is an e-mail that gives an overview of my writings in the last
year while 1 am working on the litigation.
I have attached files for the three pieces where I would suggest you start.
These are focused on the financial "problems"
My piece on solutions is what I would most like to discuss with you, as
altemative energy technology is at the heart of the matter, as you will
know. That piece is "Solari & the Rise of the Rule of Law". The link is
below.
1 look forward to speaking again. Feel free to forward any questions.
Catherine Austin Fitts
—Original Message
From: Catherine Austin Fitts
Sent: Wednesday, September 25, 2002 12:41 PM
To: Solari Action Network
Subject: Solari Action Network: Articles & Links
To Members of the Solari Action Network:
I was asked this moming to provide links and background information to a
magazine publisher. I thought 1 would forward this summary as it may put
into context some of the links I have sent out over the last year.
If 1 were to compare the average family's or community's financial equity to
a milk bucket, I would say that our milk bucket has a hole in the bottom. It
gets mighty draining to work harder and harder to pour more milk in the
bucket when everything we pour in gets siphoned out through a whole in the
Thursday, October 03, 2002
XXX
XXX
Page: 1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2660, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
bottom.
Whether you read my stories about neighborhoods in the US or those told by
Anne Williamson and Greg Palast and many others about neighborhoods around
the world, this "drain" that is helping to centralize money and power is
happening in almost every neighborhood around the globe.
Best to plug the drain or get a new bucket, while we keep feeding and
milking and tending to the cows. That means confronting the guys who have
punched the whole in the bucket and are siphoning off our milk including
why they are doing it and why we have supported them doing it for decades
all the while pretending that we do not know or care. We also have to
improve our productivity and produce much more milk. Our storehouse is
empty, and whether getting back what was stolen or growing more, we better
get more food in it and soon.
Its a little bit like patting your head and rubbing you stomach at the same
time. While we grapple with how to heal our own communities we are also
grappling with the connections between how the money works in our home or
our community and the events we are experiencing national and
intemationally. As we make those connections we can build connections.
We can build connections in our neighborhoods. We can build connections
between neighbomoods globally. As we do we energize our ability to "see the
world whole. "We leam how to "vote" with our money, our time and our
attention to shift resources away from media that does not inform our maps
of reality and from those govemments and corporations that are destroying
the planet to those who tell us the truth and are healing the planet
and -most important-supporting us.
Best,
Catherine
me=*=====
Grossly oversimplified, my view on things is simple. History will be written
by and events controlled by the people who control the resources. If we want
to transform things, we need to reengineer the resources and who controls
them. One way to look at the current state of events is as a struggle
between the forces for increased centralization of power and money and the
forces for decentralization. I am a leader in the pro-decentralization
networks. Hence my focus is on neighborhoods, particularly my own here is
Hickory Valley. One of my goals is to help build the relationships we need
to link the pro-decentralization leadership and their neighborhoods
globally.
I have been focused on the budgetary and financial implications of our
situation - that is, what are our
resources and how are they governed and allocated. My bio will help explain
my interest:
Bio for Catherine Austin Fitts
http://www.solari.com/about/ca_fitts.html
Thursday, October 03, 2002 Compuserve
Page: 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2777, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As I described on Sunday, I was working with a team of people in the summer
of 2001 to bring the
"missing money" issues to a head through the defense appropriations process
that fall. If you watch the
UnAnswered Questions video of our presentation at the National Press Club,
you will hear me give a brief summary of the "missing money" issues. For
background on these issues, including $3.3 trillion missing in three fiscal
years from the DOD/Pentagon and HUD see:
Background on $3.3 Trillion Missing from DOD/Pentagon and HUD
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0207/S00031.htm#a
Subsequent to 9-11, I published an article on September 17, 2001 on Narco
News to remind us to ask the question "cui bono", who benefits?. I was quite
concerned at the time that my friends and family and colleagues were
responding out of emotion instead of from evidence and with the endgame in
mind. I decided that someone had to lay down a marker that would tum the
trend and direction of our thinking by a lot. I am an investment banker,
not a writer. But my concer inspired the first of what has now been a year
of articles trying to help people look at what I call "the real deal" as
illuminated by how the money works around current events:
Cui Bono? Building a Map to Solve the Crime
http://www.narconews.com/cuibono.html
This was followed by two articles that are popular, Narco Dollars for
Beginners and The Myth of the Rule of Law. I tried to use these two
articles to help explain how covert cash flows in neighborhoods are so
critical
to political control and how what is happening in our neighborhoods connects
to the national and international financial fraud that is wiping out our
pension funds and 401(k)s.
Narco Dollars for Beginners
http://www.narconews.com/narcodollars1.html
The Myth of the Rule of Law: The Destruction of Hamilton Securities
http://www.solar.com/gideon/articles/q301.pdf
I felt that if the folks were going to understand current events they needed
a deeper understanding of the dance of overt and covert cash flows - and
hence the extent to which covert cash flows controlled the overt world.
This was followed by a series of articles and interviews on the manipulation
of the gold market and pump and dump stock market fraud - particularly
Enron - as I believe that these financial events are intimately connected
with the $3.3 trillion missing from the federal govemment. These two
articles and my speech at the National Press Club in February on the gold
market manipulation as well as other recent articles and interviews can be
found at a page on my website:
Links for Articles and Interviews, including on Enron,
Gold Market Manipulation and Financial Fraud:
http://www.solari.com/gideon/articles%20by%20caf.htm
Thursday, October 03, 2002
Page: 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2689, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
On a speaking tour in Califomia to talk about Enron and Narco Dollars, I
discovered that my post popular article came at organized crime from the
angle of sex:
Sensuality vs. Puritanism: What Can A Woman Can Do to Help the Solari Index
Rise?
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0203/S00160.htm
During this period, I had the opportunity to collaborate informally with
Mike Ruppert of From the Wilderess and Tom Flocco on the 9-11 issues. As I
know you are familiar with Mike's work, hopefully including his latest
series that included Stan Goffs excellent piece, I will not mention it
here. If you have not read Tom's articles on insider trading and other
aspects of 9-11 that have been published by FTW and Scoop Media, I would
encourage you to do so. Scoop Media under Alastair Thompson's leadership has
provided outstanding coverage on 9-11, including publishing MalContentXs
seminal work and the UnAnswered Questions Wire:
Scoop Media (New Zealand)
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/
When Cynthia McKinney was attacked in part because of her efforts to
luminate the $3.3 trillion missing from the federal govemment ir
connection with DOD's success in breaking its appropriation logjam as
result of 9-11, I wrote a series of letters to the Atlanta Journal
Constitution, the New York Times and several members of Congress in her
detense. Michel Chossudovsky asked me if 1 would convert them into an
article for his new magazine Global Outlook, a magazine published by the
Centre for Research on Globalization in Canada, that has also provided
extensive coverage of 9-11. This article starts with the comment that has
been picked up more broadly:
"On September 11, America experienced a national security failure. Despite
Amenca's annual investment of approximately $350 billion in what is
supposed to be the word's finest military and intelligence capacity, some
3,000 people died as the world watched helplessly. An hour after the first
act of war, the Department of Defense could not protect its own
headquarters."
The Real Deal on 9:11: Rewarding Failure
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0205/S00173.htm
Recently, in frustration with my inability to communicate to many good and
fine people working on 9-11 and the War on Terrorism and trying to stop War
abroad the importance of controlling ALL taxpayer resources if we are to
ensure proper disclosure of any current events or transform them in a
positive direction, I published
several additional pieces:
Real Deal: Saving Tennessee
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0207/S00031.htm
The 564 Question: What's Up With the Black Budget?
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0209/S00126.htm
Thursday, October 03, 2002
Page: 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2238, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
в.
To help illuminate how some these problems look from a neighborhood point of
view, I republished
my three part series on Edgewood Technology Services and my article about
Hickory Valley, Crying in the Kitchen with Jane, in Scoop:
The Story of Edgewood Technology Services-or How I Lost $100Miltion
Discovering Who Makes Money Making Sure the Solari Index Does Not Go Up
http://www.scoop.co.nz/masor/stories/HL0207/S00101.htm
Crying in the Kitchen with Jane (October 1999)
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0208/S00087.htm
While I believe that we are engaged first and formost in spiritual warfare,
my bailiwick is to
provide the financial engineering that would support spiritual
transformation.
I have recently published a piece through Sanders Research in London on my
vision on how we solve the deeper economic issues rather than feed our
financial addiction with more debt, more coercion and more warfare. There is
a section called Macroeconomic and Risk Issues that gives a short summary of
the current state of things that is good background/context for 9-11
anaiysıs.
SOLARI & THE RISE OF THE RULE OF LAW
Published by: Sanders Research Associates, London
September 2002
Go to:
http://www.sandersresearch.com/Guest.htm
and click on "Mapping the Real Deal" by Catherine Austin Fitts
or, Cut and paste this link (it may break up on e-mail into two sections)
into the URL address in your browser:
http://www.sandersresearch.com/html/MappingtheRealDeal/CAFAugust02/CAF080802
.htm
I will be speaking at Sanders conference in London on the integration of
economic warfare and physical warfare which is one of the principal risk
issues that the solari model must adress if it is to succeed
in neighborhoods:
Sanders Research Associates: Oil War
November 15, 2002
http://www.sandersresearch.com/html/Conference2002/Webflyer.htm
My related article which reflects my interest in the use of digital tools
and relational
database technology and surveillance and satellite technology to manipulate
markets
and profit from insider trading and financial fraud was recently published
Scoop and LeMetropole Cafe. My intuition is that such technology
was critical to bringing off and financing 9-11 - and probably all of the
covert
XXXXX
XXX

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
operations and fraud we are grappling with:
Software That Steals: Mortgage Market Unanswered Questions - Hitting On HUD
(August 2002)
http://www.scoop.co.nz/archive/scoop/stories/17/3a/200208121132.47a0a862.htm
1
Chris Sanders of Sanders Research has published several pieces on Scoop and
his
own website regarding 9-11 or related economics. I consider SRA the best
source
of economic insight on the planet. I would encourage you to look at their
work, including
their daily Mr. Global Cartoon which Scoop also carries. Bill Murphy's
www.LeMetropoleCafe.com
at www.gata. org are the best source on gold market manipulations and with
SRA are my preferred
source on global financial markets.
Kyle mentioned that your publication is based in Japan. Japan is of
importance to our
current situation for many reasons. One of particular interest to me is the
extraordinarily
large and important positions Japan and Japanese investors have in US
mortgage securities
(more are backed directly and indirectly by federal credit - Freddie,
Fannie, FHFB, FHA, Ginnie Maes)
as well as Treasury securities. Much of what is happening in the US
requires the continued strategic and financial support of Japan. Japan is
one of our most important bankers and investors and current
events require ever more fresh cash from abroad to put gas in the US
military and intelligence
gas tank or else the car will not go. When a federal govemment and its
corporate economy have a negative retum on investment (not unlike Russia
before the Berlin Wall came down), the creditors subsidizing the game to
keep it going are ultimately in control. One of the things that creates the
impetus for war is the need to grab resources to pay them back indirectly.
For more on Japan's role- and the role of non-US investors— in this
giobal context, see Chris Sanders two pieces in Scoop Media:
The Unsustainable Nation, by Chris Sanders, October 18, 2002,
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0203/S00059.htm
The Illiquid Economy, by Chris Sanders, November 21, 2002,
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0203/S00060htm
Lest I leave you with the impression that I spend my time writing and
speaking - I do not. My time is now focused on supporting my attorneys on
litigation with the US Department of Justice and their informant related to
my own situation. (See description in The Myth of the Rule of Law and in the
Gideon section of Solan's website.) My goal through the litigation is hold
accountable those responsible for trying to stop the solari market and
Community Wizard from success in the marketplace and to recover my capital
for reinvestment in solaris (neighborhood databanks and investment
Thursday, October 03, 2002
Page: 6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1374, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
advisors) and their equity investments.
My situation is covered by several articles listed on the links page at my
site, including the lead article, Bushwhacked, in Uri Dowbenko's marvelous
new collection:
Bushwhacked: Inside Stories of True Conspiracy
http://www.conspiracydigest.com/urisbook.html
The most recent article is by Mari Kane:
On the Money Trail:
The Dangerous World of Catherine Austin Fitts
http://www.metroactive.com/papers/sonoma/09.05.02/fitts-0236.html
While I am focused on the litigation, James Quaid and a group of people in
the Solari Action Network have started a forum, Solari Databank, to build
the instructions we all need to build local versions of the software tool,
Community Wizard, described in Ms. Kane's articles to help with data
collection in our place.
"How the Money Works" in Your Place (June 2002)
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0207/S00192.htm
Send me an e-mail if you want to join the Solari Action Network, and I will
have you will receive
an invitation to join Solari Databank if collaborating on local data
collection is of interest.
For selected reports to the Solari Action Network, see:
Archive of Monthly Reports (February 2002 to date)
http://www.conspiracyplanet.com/channel.cfm?ChannelID=113
Please feel free to send questions by e-mail.
You are in my prayers,
Catherine Austin Fitts
Retum-Path:
xXXXXXXX>
Page: 7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 410, "chars": 2318, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Subj:
Date:
From:
To:
Interview of Greg Palast, BBC Correspondant and author of The Best Democracy that Money Can Buy
10/2/2002 1:07:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time
(Catherine Austin Fitts)
XXX
Re: Recommended: Transcript of Greg Palast (BBC and Observer) on Alex Jones
Show (I keep trying to add Dr. to your name and my e-mail keeps bouncing
it—l will figure it out!)
Greg Palast is someone you want to talk with... he is doing an excellent job
of illuminating what you
call Murder, Inc.. He is with the BBC - when I saw him in June he said he
and is family were moving
back to the US....
---------
==========
Transcript of Interview of Greg Palast, Joumalist for BBC and Observer,
London, by Alex Jones
(Courtesy of A Great Listener)
Alex Jones Radio Show, Monday (PM), March 4, 2002
AJ: This is earth shattering. Can you break it down for us and tell us what
the economists have done?
GP: Well, I'll tell you two things. One, I spoke to the former chief
economist, Joe Stiglitz who was fired by the (World) Bank. So I, on BBC and
with Guardian, basically spent some time debriefing him. It was like one of
the scenes out of Mission Impossible, you know where the guy comes over from
the other side and you spend hours debriefing him. So I got the insight of
what was happening at the World Bank. In addition, he did not brief me but I
got some other sources. He would not give me inside documents but other
people handed me a giant stash of secret documents from the World Bank and
the International Monetary Fund.
AJ: So to insulate himself, somebody else did it.
GP: No, I'm telling you. He wouldn't touch it but 1 really did get from
completely independent sources a big stack of documents.
AJ: Just like you got W199l, from the same folks we got it from.
GP: And so one of the things that is happening is that, in fact, I was
supposed to be on CNN with the head of the World Bank Jim Wolfensen and he
said he would not appear on CNN ever if they put me on. And so CNN did the
craziest thing and pulled me off.
AJ: So now they are threatening total boycott.
GP: Yea right. So what we found was this. We found inside these documents
that basically they required nations to sign secret agreements, in which
they agreed to sell off their key assets, in which they agreed to take
Wednesdav, October 02. 2002
X
Pace: 1

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 2866, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
economic steps which are really devastating to the nations involved and if
they didn't agree to these steps, there was an average for each nation that
signed one-hundred and eleven items that they are required to sign on to. If
they didn't follow those steps they would be cut-off from all international
borrowing. You can't borrow any money in the international marketplace. N
one can survive without borrowing, whether you are people or corporations o
countries - without borrowing some money and having some credit and...
AJ: Because of the debt inflation pit they've created
GP: Yea, well, see one of the things that happened is that - we've got
examples from, I've got inside documents recently from Argentina, the secret
Argentine plan. This is signed by Jim Wolfensen, the president of the Woric
Bank. By the way, just so you know, they are really upset with me that l've
got the documents, but they have not challenged the authenticity of the
documents. First, they did. First they said those documents don't exist. I
actually showed them on television. And cite some on the web, I actually
have copies of some...
AJ: Greg Palast dot com?
GP: Yea, gregpalast.com. So then they backed off and said yea those
documents are authentic but we are not going to discuss them with you and we
are going to keep you off the air anyway. So, that's that. But what they
were saying is look, you take a country like Argentina, which is, you know,
in flames now. And it has had five presidents in five weeks because their
economy is completely destroyed.
AJ: Isn't it six now?
GP: Yea, it's like the weekly president because they can't hold the nation
together. And this happened because they started out in the end of the 80s
with orders from the IMF and World Bank to sell-off all their assets, public
assets. I mean, things we wouldn't think of doing in the US, like selling
off their water system.
Al: So they tax the people. They create big government and big government
hands it off to the private IMF/World Bank. And when we get back, I want to
get to the four-parts that you elegantly lay out here where they actually
pay off the politicians billions to their Swiss bank accounts to do this
GP: That's right.
Al: This is like one of the biggest stories ever, Sir. I'm sorry, please
continue.
GP: So what's happening is - this is just one of them. And by the way, it's
not just anyone who gets a piece of the action. The water system of Buenos
Aires was sold off for a song to a company called Enron. A pipeline was sold
off, that runs between Argentina and Chile, was sold off to a company called
Enron.
AJ: And then the globalists blow out the Enron after transferring the assets
to another dummy corporation and then they just roll the theft items off.
GP: You've got it. And by the way, you know why they moved the pipeline to
Wednesday, October 02, 20g
Page: 2

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 592, "chars": 3396, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Enron is that they got a call from somebody named George W. Bush in 1988.
AJ: Unbelievable, Sir. Stay right there. We are talking to Greg Palast.
BREAK
AJ: We are talking to Greg Palast. He is an award-winning journalist, an
American who has worked for the BBC, Lendon Guardian, you name it, who has
dropped just a massive bomb-shell on the Globalists and their criminal
activity. There is no other word for it. You link through at inforwars.com,
you can link to his web site - gregpalast. com, or any of the other great
reports he has been putting out. He now has the secret documents. We have
seen the activity of the IMF/World Bank for years. They come in, pay off
politicians to transfer the water systems, the railways, the telephone
companies, the nationalized oil companies, gas stations - they then hand it
over to them for nothing. The Globalists pay them off individually, billions
a piece in Swiss bank accounts. And the plan is total slavery for the entire
population. Of course, Enron, as we told you was a dummy corporation for
money laundering, drug money, you name it, from the other reporters we have
had on. It's just incredibly massive and hard to believe. But it is actually
happening. Greg Palast has now broken the story world-wide. He has actually
interviewed the former top World Bank economist. Continuing Sir with all
these points.
I mean for the average person out there, in a nutshell, what is the system
you are exposing?
GP: We are exposing that they are systematically tearing nations apart,
whether it's Ecuador or Argentina. The problem is some of these bad ideas
are drifting back into the U.S. In other words, they have run out of places
to bleed. And the problem is, this is the chief economist, this is not some
minor guy. By the way, a couple of months ago, after he was fired, he was
given the Nobel Prize in Economics. So he is no fool. He told me, he went
into countries where they were talking about privatizing and selling off
these assets. And basically, they knew, they literally knew and turned the
other way when it was understood that leaders of these countries and the
chief ministers would salt away hundreds of millions of dollars.
AJ: But it's not even privatization. They just steal it from the people and
hand it over to the IMF/World Bank.
GP: They hand it over, generally to the cronies, like Citibank was very big
and grabbed half the Argentine banks. You've got British Petroleum grabbing
pipelines in Ecuador. 1 mentioned Enron grabbing water systems all over the
place. And the problem is that they are destroying these systems as well.
You can't even get drinking water in Buenos Aires. I mean it is not just a
question of the theit. You can't turn on the tap. It is more than someone
getting rich at the public expense.
AJ: And the IMF just got handed the Great Lakes. They have the sole control
over the water supply now. That's been in the Chicago Tribune.
GP: Well the problem that we have is - look, the IMF and the World Bank is
51% owned by the United States Treasury. So the question becomes, what are
we getting for the money that we put into there? And it looks like we are
getting mayhem in several nations. Indonesia is in flames. He was telling
me, the Chief Economist, Stiglitz, was telling me that he started
questioning what was happening. You know, everywhere we go, every country we
Warnsarian Artshor no 201
Dana. 3

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 587, "chars": 3241, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
end up meddling in, we destroy their economy and they end up in flames. And
he was saying that he questioned this and he got fired for it. But he was
saying that they even kind of plan in the riots. They know that when they
squeeze a country and destroy its economy, you are going to get riots in the
streets. And they say, well that's the IMF riot. In other words, because you
have riot, you lose. All the capital runs away from your country and that
gives the opportunity for the IMF to then add more conditions.
AJ: And that makes them even more desperate. So it is really an imperial
economy war to implode countries and now they are doing it here with Enron.
They are getting so greedy - they are preparing it for this country.
GP: Ive just been talking to, out in California just yesterday, from here
in Paris, the chief investigators of Enron for the State of Califoria. They
are telling me some of the games these guys are playing. No one is watching
that. It's not just the stockholders that
got ripped off. They sucked millions, billions of dollars out of the public
pocket in Texas and California in particular.
AJ: Where are the assets? See, everybody says there are no assets left since
Enron was a dummy corporation - from the experts I've had on and they
transferred all those assets to other corporations and banks.
GP: Well yea, this stuff has really gone just like a three-card Monty game.
I mean remember that there is money at the bottom. You did pay California's
electric bills according to the investigations, they are telling me that
they were pumped up unnecessarily by 9 to 12 billion dollars. And I don't
know who they are going to get it back from now.
AJ: Well they actually caught the Governor buying it for $137 per megawatt
and selling it back to Enron for $1 per megawatt and doing it over and over
and over again.
GP: Yea, the system has gotten completely out of control and these guys knew
exactly what was happening. Well, you have to understand that some of the
guys who designed the system in California for deregulation then went to
work for Enron right after. In fact, here I'm in London right now and we
have, the British has some responsibility here. The guy who was on the audit
committee of Enron, Lord Wakeham. And this guy is a real piece of work,
there isn't a conflict of interest that he hasn't been involved in.
AJ: And he is the head of NM Rothschild.
GP: There isn't anything that he doesn't have his fingers in. He's on
something like fifty Boards. And one of the problems, he was supposed to be
head of the audit committee watching how Enron kept the books. And in fact,
they were paying him consulting fees on the side. He was in Margaret
Thatcher's government and he's the one who authorized Enron to come into
Britain and take over power plants here in Britain. And they owned a water
system in the middle of England. This is what this guy approved and then
they gave him a job on the board. And on top of being on the board, they
gave him a huge consulting contract. So you know, this guy was supposed to
be in charge of the audit committee to see how they were handling their
accounts.
Al: Well, he is also the head of the board to regulate the media.
Waringarave Arinher no
Dana. e

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2597, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
GP: Yes, he is, because I have run into real problems, because he regulates
me.
AJ: They are also trying to pass laws in England where you've got an
800-year old well, or in some cases a 2000-year old well that the Romans
built that's on your property and they say we are putting a meter on it. You
can't have your own water.
GP: Yea, and that's Lord Wakeham. I mean this is the guy from Enron. He is a
real piece of work. He can't be touched here because like I say he actually
regulates the media. So if you complain, he's got his hand on your pen.
Al: Burrow into NM Rothschild, you'll find it all there. Go through these
four points. I mean you've got the documents. The IMF/World Bank implosion,
four points, how they bring down a country and destroy the resources of the
people.
companies in the United States of America. But imagine if a private company
like Enron owned your water. So then the prices go through the roof. Then
open up your borders to trade - complete free marketeering. And Stiglitz who
was the chief economist, remember he was running this system, he was their
free trade; this is coercion trade. This is war. They are taking apart
economies through this.
Al: Well look, China has a 40% tariff on us, we have a 2% on them. That's
not free and fair trade. It's to force all industry to a country that the
globalists fully control.
GP: Well, you know Walmart - I did a story, in fact, if you read my book.
Let me just mention that I've got a book out,
Buy" about how, unfortunately, America has been put up for sale. "The Best
Democracy Money Can Buy" is coming out this week. But I have a story in
there about how Walmart has 700 plants in China. There is almost nothing in
a Walmart store that comes from the United States of America, despite all
the eagles on the wall.
Al: Exactly, Jike 1984, then they have big flags saying "Buy American" and
there's hardly anything - it's Orwellian double-think.
GP: What's even worst is they will hire a factory and right next to it will
be the sister factory which is inside a prison. You can imagine the
conditions of these workers producing this lovely stuff for Walmart. It's
really....
AJ: And if an elitist needs a liver, they just cail.
GP: (Laughs) | know, it's grim. In fact, I talked to a guy, Harry Wu, is his
name and, in fact, he broke into, he's been in Chinese prison for 19 years.
No one believed his horrible stories. He actually broke back into prison,
took a camera with him and took pictures of the conditions and said this is
the conditions of factories where Walmart is getting its stuff made at, it's
all....

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AJ: 1 was threatened to be thrown off TV here in Austin when I aired video
of little girls 4-years old chained down, skinnier than Jews in
concentration camps, to die. And I was threatened, if you ever air that
again, you will be arrested
GP: Well you know, it is horrifying stuff that, unfortunately, I have been
handed and Stiglitz, was very courageous for him to come out and make these
statements. Like I said, he didn't provide me the documents. The documents
really sealed it because it said this is what really happened. They really
do say sign on the dotted line agreeing to 111 conditions for each nation.
And the public has no say; they don't know what the hell is happening to
them. All they know....
AJ: Go back into privatization. Go through these four points. That's the
key. It sends billions to politicians to hand everything over.
GP: Yea, he called it briberization, which is you sell off the water company
and that's worth, over ten years, let's say that that's worth about 5
billion bucks, ten percent of that is 500 million, you can figure out how it
works. I actually spoke to a Senator from Argentina two weeks ago. I got him
on camera. He said that after he got a call from George W. Bush in 1988
saying give the gas pipeline in Argentina to Enron, that's our current
president. He said that what he found was really creepy was that Enron was
going to pay one-fifth of the world's price for their gas and he said how
can you make such an offer? And he was told, not by George W. but by a
partner in the deal, well if we only pay one-fifth that leaves quit a little
bit for you to go in your Swiss bank account. And that's how it's done.
AJ: This is the ....
GP: I've got the film. This guy is very conservative. He knows the Bush
family very well. And he was public works administrator in Argentina and he
said, yea, 1 got this call. I asked him, I said, from George W. Bush. He
said, yea, November 1988, the guy called him up and said give a pipeline to
Enron. Now this is the same George W. Bush who said he didn't get to know
Ken Lay until 1994. So, you know.....
AJ: So now they are having these white-wash hearings. You know I was at
Enron yesterday in Houston because I'm now here in Austin. We were like
30-feet from the door, right on the sidewalk and I have it on video -goons
came up and said you can't videotape. I said go ahead and have me arrested.
I mean I'm talking on the sidewalk, Greg.
GP: Well, you know, I was there in May, telling people in Britain you've
never heard of Enron, but ... And these are the guys who have figured out
Lay personally wrote a note to Dick Cheney saying get rid of Clinton's cap
on prices. Within 48 hours of George W. Bush taking office, his energy
department reversed the clamps on Enron. OK, how much is that worth for
those guys. You know that has got to be worth, that paid off in a week all
the donations.
Wednesdav. October 02. 2002
Pace: 6

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AJ: Listen at the bombs you are dropping. You are interviewing these
ministers, former head of IMF/World Bank economist - all of this, you've got
the documents, paying people's Swiss Bank accounts, all this happening. Then
you've got Part 2, what do they do after they start imploding?
GP: Well, then they tell you to start cutting your budgets. A fifth of the
population of Argentina is unemployed, and they said cut the unemployment
benefits drastically, take away pension funds, cut the education budgets, |
mean horrible things. Now if you cut the economy in the middle of a
recession that was created by these guys, you are really going to absolutely
demolish this nation. After we were attacked on September 11, Bush ran out
and said we got to spend $50 to $100 billion dollars to save our economy. We
don't start cutting the budget, you start trying to save this economy. But
they tell these countries you've got to cut, and cut, and cut. And why,
according to the inside documents, it's so you can make payments to foreign
banks - the foreign banks are collecting 21% to 70% interest. This is
loan-sharking. If fact, it was so bad that they required Argentina to get
rid of the laws against loan-sharking, because any bank would be a
loan-shark under Argentine law.
AJ: But Greg, you said it yourself and the documents show it. They first
implode the economy to create that atmosphere. They institute the entire
climate that does this.
GP: Yea, and then they say, well gee, we can't lend you any money except at
these loan-shark rates. We don't allow people to charge 75% interest in the
United States. That's loan-sharking.
AJ: Part 3 and Part 4. What do they do after they do that?
GP: Like I said, you open up the borders for trade, that's the new opium
wars. And once you have destroyed an economy that can't produce anything,
one of the terrible things is that they are forcing nations to pay
horrendous amounts for things like drugs - legal drugs. And by the way,
that's how you end up with an illegal drug trade, what's there left to
survive on except sell us smack and crack and that's how...
AJ: And the same CIA national security dictatorship has been caught shipping
that in.
GP: You know, we are just helping our allies.
AJ: This is just amazing. And so, drive the whole world down, blow out their
economies and then buy the rest of it up for pennies on the dollar. What's
Part 4 of the IMF/World Bank Plan?
GP: Well, in Part 4, you end up again with the taking apart of the
government. And by the way, the real Part 4 is the coup d'etat. That's what
they are not telling you. And I'm just finding that out in Venezuela. I just
got a call from the President of Venezuela.
AJ: And they install their own corporate government.
GP: What they said was here you've got an elected president of the
government and the IMF has announced, listen to this, that they would
support a transition government if the president were removed. They are not
saying that they are going to get involved in politics - they would just
Wednesday, October 02. 2002
Pace: 7

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 1903, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
support a transition government. What that effectively is is saying we will
›ay for the coup d'etat, if the military overthrows the current president,
because the current president of Venezuela has said no to the IMF. He tolo
oing to do is, I'm going to double the taxes on oil corporations because w
have a whole lot of oil in Venezuela. And I'm goina to double the taxes or
raise taxes on the oil companies.
AJ: Greg Palast, here is the problem. You said it when you first came out of
the gates. They are getting hungry, they are doing it to the United States
now. Enron, from all the evidence that I've seen was a front, another shill,
they would steal assets and then transfer it to other older global
companies, then they blew that out and stole the pension funds. Now they are
telling us that terrorism is coming any day. It's going to happen if you
don't give your rights up. Bush did not involve Congress and the others who
are supposed to be in the accession if there is a nuclear attack in the
secret government, Washington Post -"Congress Not Advised of Shadow
Government." We have the Speaker of the House not being told. This looks
like coup d'etat here. I'm going to come right out with it. We had better
spread the word on this now or these greedy creatures are going to go all
the way.
GP: I'm very sad about one thing. I report this story in the main stream
press of Britian. I'm on the BBC despite Lord Wakeham. I know he doesn't
like me there. I'm in the BBC, I'm in the main daily paper, which is the
equivalent of the New York Times or whatever, and we do get the information
out. And I'm just very sorry that we have to have an alterative press, an
alternative radio network and everything else to get out the information
that makes any sense. I mean this information should be available to every
American. I mean, after all, it's our goverment.
http://www.infowars.com/palast.htm
