{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T08:02:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 401103, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127532-psychotronic-weapons-non-human-intelligence-nhi-july-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "f6ea150645bd072199be08ab3c81059186436fd8888122d2dfccfba70e8cff68"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2267, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A CLASSIFIED A
COMMUNICATIONS
CLASSIFIED COMMUNICATIONS-'C-COM'-IS AN INDEPENDENT
UFO/FORTEAN NEWSLETTER PUBLISHED MONTHLY
JULY 1995
• VOL. 3 NO. 7
PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS &
NON-HUMAN INTELLIGENCES (NHI)
by Ray Boeche
The following is an edited version of material given to me in late 1991-early
1992 by two scientists who claim to be working in weapons research and
development for the Department of Defense.
I am not in a position to comment on the truthfulness of the information.
The two men, for all intents and purposes, seem to be who and what they claim.
The nature of their claims makes verification difficult, if not impossible.
Divulging this information was the result of a moral dilemma, when these
two individuals, both Christians, became alarmed at the course their research
into Psychotronic Weapons was taking under the direction of their superiors.
They described an obsessive effort to contact and attempt to control what they
referred to as "non-human intelligences (NHI)", and to harness these NHI for
military and intelligence uses.
The efforts had progressed well past attempts at practical applications of
David Bohm's theories, and had grown to encompass the use of, according to
their statements, "satanic rituals and ritual magic along the lines of that
espoused by Aleister Crowley, including human sacrifices. " These gentlemen
stated their concerns that even when they were apparently able to harness, or
channel these forces or abilities for "good" uses, the force would "turn", and
ultimately all of those subjects involved suffered varying degrees of negative
effects from contact with these forces. They are convinced that what is being
tapped into in all instances is evil, and that this research should cease.
Contact has continued on a limited basis, with no new information
forthcoming. I cannot divulge further information regarding these sources due to
promises of confidentiality. Again, I make no claim for the truthfulness of these
statements. The information was presented in a very formal, "scripted" fashion,
which impressed me as odd. I was allowed to take notes during most of the
discussion, but was asked to cease at times. Please remember though, the
possibility is very real that the whole scenario is disinformation.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 711, "chars": 4405, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I am making this information available to
those interested who may be able to add more
pieces to the puzzle, or provide information
which would summarily prove its falsity. Any
input would be appreciated.
{0000000000044444
One of these leading American
researchers stated that a division exists in the
field of paranormal research between "black"
and "white" projects, but maintains there are
no good paranormal research efforts because
the occult is inherently evil. There is a growing
awareness that this type of research is very
dangerous, not only in a physical sense, but,
in a spiritual sense as well. Whatever doesn't
come from God is evil, and Satan can
counterfeit many of God's miraculous actions.
Research is being done on teleportation,
healing, extracting information from the brains
of dead subjects, remote viewing, developing
computers with the ability to interpret and
record the waveforms of thoughts, enabling
them to be recorded and/or transmitted.
Several projects have been designed to
study negative healings, the psychic infliction
of pain, injury, and death.
PROPOSED MECHANISM OF
PARANORMAL EVENTS BASED ON THE
RESEARCH OF DAVID BOHM (see his book,
"Wholeness and the Implicate Order"):
Take two glass cylinders, one smaller
than the other, place the smaller inside the
larger, and fill the space between with
glycerine. Introduce a drop of ink into the
glycerine, and revoive the outer cylinder. As
you do, the ink will stretch into a thread,
growing longer, thinner, and fainter, until it
disappears.
The ink is now enfolded into the
glycerine-you can't see it, but you know it's
there. Where is it? It is no longer in any single
position. It is spread out, nowhere and
everywhere.
In extensive research, here and abroad,
there is evidence to suggest that everything
that exists today, or that ever did exist, is
similarly enfolded in an invisible medium. We
become aware of things only when they are
unfolded out of the invisible medium into our
reality.
Now, if you reverse the direction of the
cylinders, the thread of ink begins to reappear,
much as if a film of the enfolding process
were being run backward.
One could enfold numberless ink
droplets into the medium, and by turning the
cylinder backward, very rapidly, they would
suddenly reappear, as if out of nowhere.
This is the mechanism of how we are
aware of reality. Enfolding and unenfolding
the ink drops in the glycerine is comparable to
enfolding and unenfolding an object backward
and forward through time and space.
Everything exists everywhere at once,
enfolded into an invisible, timeless medium.
Any object you imagine may not be
visible right now, but a portion of it exists
here, invisibly enfolded, just like the ink drop
existed invisibly enfolded in the glycerine.
When you throw a pebble into a pond,
the ripples move from the point where the
pebble hit the water, hit the edge of the pond
and create more ripples that move back
toward the center of the pond, and all these
ripples run into each other and the points at
which they cross are called interferences.
If you could freeze the pond, the points
at which the ripples interfered with each other
would provide information about the weight,
shape, and movement of the pebble that
caused them. Theoretically, you would have
enough information to create a three-
dimensional representation of the pebble.
This is the principle behind the hologram.
Every point in a hologram contains the entire
picture, just like the first example, where
every point in the glycerne contained ink.
What this means, is that to form a picture of
the pebble we don't have to have all the
points where the ripples interfered with each
other, we only need one of them.
Highly complex wave patters can be
reduced to a collection of simple waves that
can be represented numerically. These
numbers are called Fourier components, and
the transformation of the waves into numerical
components is called a Fourier transform.
Using this, you can search the enfolding
medium of space and time for the Fourier
components of an object, forward or backward
through time. Everything that ever existed has
produced lasting interference pattems in the
sea of radiation formed at the instant of
creation.
Holography and Fourier transforms
provide a way of separating an image from its
object, and viewing the image at a distance.
Your mind actually does this every time you
Page - 2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 661, "chars": 4435, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
remember something. You see the image in
your mind, though the object itself is
somewhere else in time and space.
The world is composed, in one sense, of
interference pattems-of frequencies. The
frequency of things can be interfered with by
disruptive static frequencies. If an object is
characterized by certain frequencies, it will be
altered if those frequencies are altered.
The human brain constantly performs
Fourier analysis on all the interference
patters in the entolding medium. The
universe is a hologram, and the brain is part
of that hologram. The brain contains all of
space and time, just as each fragment of a
hologram contains the entire picture, If you
had full access to the content of your brain,
you would be able to see everything.
This is how the paranormal works. That
is how psychics know what is happening
remotely. And by interfering with the Fourier
components of objects, whether inanimate, or
living cells, they can heal, create illness,
influence electronic components. Their minds
are tuned to the universal hologram-they
have access to all the Fourier components.
All human brains perform Fourier
analysis, but some can access the Fourier
transforms to achieve paranormal feats.
These feats, performed by humans, are
unreliable and unquantifiable.
However, a psychotronic device could
perform these functions better than humans,
just as a computer performs mathematical
functions better than humans. In addition to
being able to see and predict the device would
also be able to exert an effect on animate and
inanimate objects.
Psychokinetic ability follows an inverse-
square law-the degree of motion which can
be caused decreases as the square of the
mass of the affected body.
What is being attempted is to
electronically recognize frequency
interference patterns in space, screen them
for Fourier components, and transform the
components into viewable holographic
images.
Fourier transforms are produced
because everything produces an interference
patter that is either an amplified signal or a
scattered wave patter containing information
that was present in the brainwaves, or, in the
case of something inanimate, in the object
• itself.
The atmospheric carrier wave spreads
the interference pattern over the surface of
the Earth, and certain people or devices can
perform Fourier transforms to "pick off" the
interference patters and reconstruct the
originals. The Fourier components of entire
scenes-buildings, landscapes, individuals,
etc.-are decodable by the receiver.
The human organism is a liquid-crystal-
like assembly of biomolecules, and is capable
of coherent and monochromatic amplification
of incoming electromagnetic waves in the
kilohertz region by more than a millionfold.
Neutrinos can be responsible for the release
of coded thought waves. Since neutrinos can
travel unimpeded through the Earth or other
barriers, this is consistent with the
independence of psychotronic effects to
distance and to magnetic shielding.
Macroscopically, experimental evidence
indicates that will-influenced events can occur,
for example, when tumbling dice are
influenced to come to rest in a desired
position.
David Bohm believes that matter must
be described by a multistate wave function.
The quantum wave is a wave of knowledge
and information that isn't arranged in terms of
position and time, but as frequency and
amplitude information. Consciousness, as it
performs Fourier transforms, may access any
part of space and time to acquire this
knowledge and information. This generaliza-
tion from microcosm to macrocosm also
makes possible the appearance of a macro-
object anywhere in the universe.
Planck's equation states that frequency
and energy are the same thing. We know from
Einstein that energy and matter are
convertible. It follows then, that frequency can
be matter. Thus, from frequency interference
pattems we should be able to produce the
physical objects that produced these patterns.
This is how psychotronic devices function.
Researchers are now working on means
to interface thought and behavior directly
through a transducer attached to the head and
read directly bky computer. The computer can
monitor, modify, and control behavior without
the subject's awareness.
There have been demonstrations of the
psychotronic manipulation of consciousness.
Manipulation of physical health, as well as
human consciousness, thoughts, emotions,
and will, has been achieved.
Page - 3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 643, "chars": 3934, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
=
Effects on humans have included pain,
paralysis, burs, and other tissue damage,
and acute coronary thrombosis. More success
haș been achieved in the area of "negative
healing" than with the positive type.
To a significant degree, we are dealing
with the superatural, and positive
superatural entities are superior to the
negative.
A psychotronic device is impossible to
defend against, and its effects, including
changes in brain waves, can result in
personality changes and/or physical pain that
would alter combat effectiveness of troops, or
when used against miltary and political
leaders, impair their ability to command and
gover. Such devices would be capable of
negatively affecting healthy tissue as well as
disrupting fundamental brain rhythms, heart
control, and biological clock mechanisms.
THOUGHTS ON THE INFORMATION
by Ray Boeche
(1) Portions of eyewitness testimony
would be easily explained by this theory, but is
the type of work they are describing even
possible? If these techniques are well-
developed, why not assassinate Sadaam
Hussein psychically, for instance?
(2) Is this possibly another way to try and
hide experimentation with alien technology?
(3) Presentation seemed very much
scripted as if they were presenting material
memorized from a master script.
EDITORIAL COMMENTS
by Evich A. Aggen, Jr.
The preceding article was addressed to all interested
researchers" and was given to me during one of our recent
monthly UFO meetings. The orginal article had no tifle and
had obviously been copied many times. The article also had
no address for Mr. Ray Boeche. Thus, any feedback from
this article should be addressed to: Erich A. Aggen, Jt.,
4.319 Holmes, Kansas City, MO 64110-1553. If we
obtain Mr. Boeche's address at some time in the futuse we
will forward the comments, etc., to him.
-
GCLASSIFIEDE
INTELLIGENCE
NO CONSENSUS ON ALIEN AUTOPSY
FILM: British UFO researchers have mixed
opinions of the alleged Roswell alien autopsy
film. Operation Right To Know Britain believes
the film may be a crude hoax while other
British UFO researchers think the film may be
genuine. Most ufologists in the U.S., on the
other hand, seem to be giving the film the
thumbs down as an out-and-out fabrication.
At the very least, the film has generated alot
of heated debate and controversy.
The film itself is black & white and
comprises several segments, each about 3
minutes in duration, making the total film
length about 20 minutes.
The opening scene shows the purported
alien body full length, face-up on a table or
bench, in a small pale walled room. A close-
up pan of the alien figure from feet to head
reveals broad feet with six toes on each foot;
the lower legs are quite broad around the
middle section, as are the upper legs-
presenting a muscular appearance-almost
frog-like; the right leg has an open gash 10 to
14 inches in length with a dark interior which
runs from above the knee position (although
no knee is visible) down, and is on the top part
of the leg; the abdomen is swollen relative to
the chest which is flat in profile and rounded in
section; dark spots on the sides of the chest
may be nipples; neck is human-like; head is
round and large relative to body; chin is
rounded; mouth is open and oval in shape
with thin dark lips; mouth intenor is dark or
black; nose is "squat" and very small; ears are
human-like but very small; eyes are dark and
appear to be about 50% larger than human
eyes; no eye brows are visible but ridges
above and below the eyes seem to indicate
eye lids; the forhead is 20% to 30% larger
than human proportions.
The "alien" body also appeared to be
hairless. The arms were also muscular in
appearance but less so than the legs. Arm
length was human-like in proportion although
the hands were broader and contained six
digits each like the feet. Looking up from the
feet the body appears to have a vertical
groove or slit in the pubic area although no
Page - 4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 714, "chars": 4438, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pronounced genitals are visible. The legs are
only slightly parted.
Two doctors enter the field of view and
one doctor removes a thin covering from one
of the alien's eyes. The doctor removes the
covering very quickly as if he had prior
knowledge of the procedure. The eye covering
or membrane is dark in color and thin but stiff.
The eye covering retains its shape when it is
transferred to a jar of clear liquid.
A long autopsy incision from the left side
of the neck down to the left side of the chest
to about waist position results in a trickle of
dark fluid from the cut line. The chest area is
opened but no rib cage is evident-it appears
to be dark and hollow as though interior
organs had already been removed. However,
two fist-sized organs are removed with
surgical scissors and put in metal bowls. The
head is opened with a saw and a large lump of
material is removed. Attached to this material
is a small amount of very soft material. The
larger lump appears to be somewhat rigid but
flattens out when placed in a metal tray.
One of the major points of contention
about the film revolves around the fact that
the alien cadaver does not match previous
eyewitness descriptions of the aliens found at
the Roswell crash site. Segments of the film
also appear staged and the sequencing of the
segments seems to be disjointed with several
apparent omissions. (Credit: Ron Russell).
THE PENTAGON'S SECRET SCIENTISTS:
The Cincinnati Enquirer for September 17,
1989, reported that Since 1959, a society of
about 50 university scientists calling itself
JASON has quietly guided some of the
nation's biggest security decisions.
Some former JASON physicists have
criticized their former colleagues. According to
one former JASON member, "They're kids
playing in the sandbox with toy soldiers." He
said JASON is used by the generals and
admirals to win funding from lawmakers.
"Some admiral will tell Congress they've had
the world's greatest experts look at (their
project)... What they don't tell Congress is
the world's greatest experts said not to do
it. " (Credit: Ihe Cincinnati Enquirer & Richard Whitmire via
Tom Adams).
MISSOURI TIME MACHINE?: In January,
Michael E. Marcum, 21, was arrested for the
theft of six 350-pound power company
transformers in Stanberry, MO. Marcum said
he needed the transformers for a time
machine" he was building. He wanted to
transport himself into the future to find out the
winning lottery numbers, and then retur to
buy a ticket. (Credit: Pitch Weekly 4195).
UFO OVER ST. LQUIS: The St. Louis Post-
Dispatch for 3/17/95 reported that several
persons saw a UFO over St. Louis. One of
those who saw the UFO was Ralph Powers, a
construction worker from Lebanon, MO. He
said it "was one big glowing light" that
"stopped in midair and then zigzagged and
took off."
Powers was walking with his girlfriend on
the McKendree College campus about 10:30
p.m. wednesday when they saw the egg-
shaped UFO flash across the sky.
The U.S. Air Force later said the UFO
was "a meteor." However, meteors do not
stop in midair or follow zigzag courses!
THE BLOB, MISSOURI-STYLE: In 1991, Leo
Thompson of Forsyth, MO, was looking for
caves in the Mark Twain National Forest when
he discovered a mysterious, green,
amorphous mass of unidentifiable origin. He
said "It just looked like molten lava all over
the side of the hill." He collected samples of
the plastic-like substance and gave them to
the Taney County Sheriff's Department.
The Sheriff's Department investigated
the site of the unknown substance, which
consisted of a large amount of "debris"
scattered over a 35-foot area of forest land
east of Hilda, MO.
The strange mass of debris was first
thought to have been some sort of space
"junk" from a satellite that re-entered the
atmosphere but local residents reported that
they had seen the same substance or debris
anywhere from eight to 20 years ago.
The U.S. Forest Service later determined
that the substance posed no toxic or radiation
danger, and the site remained open to the
public.
Most or all of the strange material was
thought to have been carted away by curious
parkgoers anxious to have some as
souvenirs. (Credit: The Associated Press, 8/16/91).
CLASSIFIED COMMUNICATIONS is published monthly
and is available for $12.00 per year. Checks or M.O.s
i should be made payable to: Erich A. Aggon, Jr., 4319
Holmes, Kansas City, MO 64110-1553. Write for Free
sample pages and/or issues.
Page - 5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 651, "chars": 4344, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CROP CIRCLES:
SOME PHILOSOPHICAL OBSERVZATIONS
BX ERKH A. AGGEN, JR. (C) 1995
On the surface, knowledge resembles a
system of symbols denoting an object, event,
or action. That which the symbol denotes is its
meaning. Symbol and meaning are indivisible;
there can be no symbol without meaning and
vice versa.
The evolution and refinement of
knowledge has brought into being highly
organized and structured systems of artificial,
symbolic languages such as the symbolic
languages of computers, mathematics,
chemistry, and electronics. These languages
are closely connected with the natural
languages, but are relatively independent
systems of symbols and signs. Science often
uses symbols as a means of expressing the
results of knowledge or cognition. Symbols
are used to provide precise definitions that are
essential to clear and unambigious
communication. Thus, symbols provide a
more direct and accurate reflection of
objective reality than is possible with other
systems of communication.
in The Tao of symbols, author James
N. Powell observed several important things
about symbols:
1. Symbols convey knowledge about themselves.
2. In using symbols, we are used by them.
3. A single symbol is part of a greater and more complex
4. Symbols transcend normal thinking and affect us
5. We are capable of transcending symbols and seeing
to their "essence."
6. Symbols are instruments for probing consciousness.
7. Attempting to analyze symbols through logic and
reason is a futile exercise.
8. Any symbol system that does not encourage
transcendence becomes a "prison."
9. When collapsed into a two-dimensional diagram,
symbols become the "geometry of the spirit."
Writer Philip Slater noted in his book,
The Wayward Gate, that "one of the
strangest discoveries of our century was the
finding that objects-particulariy organic ones-
-are physically affected by the shape of the
spaces in which they are placed. Perhaps all
the forces we know and understand are
produced by shapes, as well as many that we
don't. Perhaps all shapes exert pressure to
mold energy into patterns that extend and
revitalize themselves...we don't know what
shapes coerce our being."
Crop circles and pictograms are some
of the best examples of the unifying
commonality inherent in certain groups of
archetypal symbols. This commonality also
transforms crop circles and pictograms into
social hieroglyphs with a social "weight" and
meaning far in excess of their simple physical
existence as unknown symbols in crop fields.
Crop circles have had and continue to
have) a dynamic and conflictual affect on the
human psyche. They encourage an activist
attitude on the part of the investigator and
they stimulate the creative production, rather
than the passive receipt of knowledge. They
invite the active participation of all mankind in
the act of shaping and discovering knowledge.
Crop circles are a kind of living tapestry
woven out of the organic fiber of the Earth.
This is undoubtedly the most evocative and
universal medium that an alien intelligence
could have chosen to convey a message to
mankind.
Many ufologists believe the vast majority
of "genuine" crop circles and pictograms are
the products of an extraterrestrial intelligence
(or intelligences) which utilizes primarily
circular or saucer-shaped spacecraft and/or
unmanned "probes" (i.e., "genuine" UFOs) for
various purposes. Some researchers have
even been present when crop circles and
pictograms were apparently formed or
created by UFOs. UFOs have also been
observed flying above or near many crop
formations-both before and after they
were formed.
Symbols such as crop circles and
pictograms can convey moods and feelings in
both subtle and direct ways. The reason
symbols have this emotional affect on the
human psyche is somewhat mysterious.
However, archetypal symbols have been a
part of the human leaming process for
millions of years. Thus, this symbolic
pattering may be due to some type of
ancient and pre-existing "genetic" memory.
If crop circles are a form of notational
symbolization-as they would be in a purely
human context, then such symbols may refer
to other symbol systems in the same way that
written numbers refer to spoken numbers and
written language refers to spoken language.
Such notational systems are a means of
codifying information within a given culture.
Page - 6
