{"created_utc": "2026-09-15T00:47:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 365446, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304431960693307, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127529-catherine-austin-fitts-enemy-of-the-state-part-2-tue-feb-5-2002.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541217200000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/127529-catherine-austin-fitts-enemy-of-the-state-part-2-tue-feb-5-2002.pdf", "source_sha256": "cbc13edf293aa812233b6267fb550417fcbcf5ada789f8ede1fb8df37321d981"}

S.00p: Enemy Of The State -- The Catherine Fitts Story (2)                              Page 1 of 7


                      News
                      Features
          00    fl
                      My Scoop
                      About
                     Scoop
    Scoops f Parliament Politics Monitor I World f Business J Sd-Tech Culture Education Region

  Enemy Of The State - The Catherine Fitts Story (2)                               Search th
  Tuesday, 5 February 2002, 11:20 am
  Article: Uri Dowbenko                                                            L - _._ ...-_.,
                                                                                   Advanced Searc
      Editors Note: This is part two of an account of the extraordinary story of
      Maverick US Banker Catherine Austin Fitts, and new occasional
      contributor to Scoop. See also... Enemy Of The State - The Catherine
      Fitts Story (1) for the background which will put this story in its full
      context...

                                       DO) LIES
         Unsealed Court Docs Reveal How Hamilton Was Bushwhacked
                                 by Uri Dowbenko
                  First Published In The Conspiracy Digest 2001

      Recently unsealed court documents in the Hamilton Securities case show
      that attorneys from the Department of Justice and HUD(Housing and
      Urban Development) lied repeatedly in court before US District Judge
      Stanley Sporkin.

      In an outrageous example of judiciary malfeasance, Judge Sporkin (now
      in private practice with Well Gotshall) himself coached the government
      attorneys on how they should proceed with their investigation and
      litigation strategy.

      Prior to the lawsuit, Hamilton Securities, an innovative software
      company and its president Catherine Austin Fitts successfully completed
      an auction sale of defaulted HUD properties, which saved the
      government $2.2 billion in lost revenue.
                                                                                   My Scoop
                                                                                          -         7

      Then Hamilton became a target. (See "Bushwhacked: HUD Fraud,
      Spooks and the Slumlords of
      Harvard." (www.conspiracydigest.com/bushwhacked.html)                        More info

      In June 1996, John Ervin of Ervin Associates, a disgruntled HUD
      contractor, filed a secret qui tam lawsuit against Hamilton Securities,
                                                                                   Heading
      Goldman Sachs, and Blackrock PNC. He also filed a lawsuit against HUD          Survey
      and HUD officials.
                                                                                   Louis Vuitton ra
      Transcripts of the sealed hearings show that Do] and HUD attorneys           for second day
      were clearly the strategic force behind Ervin's phony suit against              11:04 am The Sca
      Hamilton, running interference for Ervin in closed sessions with Judge       Supercomputer
      Sporkin.                                                                     Hurricane Liii
                                                                                      10:59 am Superc
                                                                                   Salons, Cosrno s
http://www.scoop.co.nz'mason/stories/HL0202/S00014.htm                                      10/2/02
Scoop: Enemy Of The State- The Catherine Fitts Story (2)                                Page 2 of 7


      DoJ attorneys Barbara Van Gelder and Anthony Alexis, as well as HUD          From Hell
      attorney Judith Hetherton, then managed to keep stalling the qui tam            9:47 am ]uile Syr
                                                                                   Katya Rivas: Tr+
      lawsuit against Hamilton for an astonishing four years. This was             the Greatest Nu
      apparently a clear-cut effort to bleed Hamilton's financial resources. The      9:20 am Katya RI
      time proscribed by law, by the way, for "investigations" of this type, is    Scoop Feedback
      60 days.                                                                     Science vs Dem
                                                                                      3:44 pm Scoop F,
                                                                                   Scoop: Top Scot
      The coordination against Hamilton seems to have originated in the US         Politics
      Attorney's office in the District of Columbia, as well as the Lee Radek         3:08 pm Alastair
      fiefdom of the Department of Justice, misnamed the "Office of Public         GLW: Bush's An
                                                                                   Threat Based Oi
      Integrity."                                                                    2:29 pm Green Li
                                                                                     Australia
                                                                                   Louis Vuitton ra
      Former CIA operative Lee Radek is a master of conspiracy cover-up and        today due to we
      his office has a well-documented reputation for derailing criminal              1:20 pm The Sco
      investigation of government insiders and coordinating reprisals against      How to Score Ri
                                                                                   Follows US Trer
      whistieblowers.                                                                12:07 pm Barban
                                                                                   Wife Of Prisone
      Hetherton was a former member of the District of Columbia's US               Calls For Fair Tr
                                                                                      11:54 am narcon'
      Attorney's office, while Van Gelder worked for Eric Holder, the DC US
                                                                                   UQ Wire: Greeti
      Attorney who became the Assistant Attorney General under Janet Reno.         Boston, Mr. Bus
      Van Gelder also reported to Frank Hunger, Al Gore's brother in law, head       11:03 am
                                                                                      mww.0 na nswerf
      of the Civil Division of the Department of Justice.                          US Election 200
                                                                                   - A Runner Stun
      In essence, the qui tam lawsuit, filed by a bounty hunter (Ervin) on            10:45 am Barbary
                                                                                   Stateside With I
      behalf of the government, alleged that the government had been               To Hear You
      harmed by bid rigging between Goldman Sachs, Black Rock, HUD and                9:23 am Rosalea
      Hamilton Securities.                                                         Katya Rivas: I A
                                                                                   People Togethe
                                                                                      8:51 am Katya RI
      Court documents present a convincing case that the qui tam and the           Scoop: Top Scot
      civil IawsuitS were themselves concocted by the DC US Attorney's team        Politics
      -- even though they knew it was completely without merit.                       4:45 pm Alastair
                                                                                   Scoop Editorial:
                                                                                      4:37 pm Alastair
      During the same time frame (four years), Judge Sporkin illegally kept        UQ Wire: Wildc~
      the court documents sealed to further obfuscate Dol's criminality.           Delmart "Mike"
                                                                                      11:17 am
                                                                                      www.Unanswere
      In fact, the unsealed court transcripts reveal an astonishing disregard      SRA Corn mental
      for evidence and normal court protocol by government attorneys as well       Control People
                                                                                      10:40 am Chris S
      as the judge.                                                                BTL: Bush's Irar
                                                                                   Linked to Electi'
      It's clear that Judge Sporkin was guiding Do] and Ervin attorneys in            10:21 am Betwee
                                                                                   David Miller Onl
      "search" for non-existent evidence against Hamilton.                         Iraq is Inevitab
                                                                                      8:31 am David M
     Sporkin, former CIA and SEC counsel under Bill Casey, repeatedly
     helped government attorneys by verbally nudging them toward some
     semblance of professional behavior.

      Sporkin, by the way, took over the case from Judge Charles R. Richey
      who mysteriously -- and unexpectedly -- died after the first several
      hearings.

     In the March 29, 1999 transcript, for example, Judge Sporkin asked US
     Attorney Anthony Alexis. "Where are we on this thing here? Where's the
     government going? Do they know yet?"
http://www.scoop.co.nzlmason!storiesll-11L02021S00014.htm                                   10/2/02
Scoop: Enemy OfThe State — The Catherine Fitts Story(2)                            Page 3 of7


      Alexis replies. "No." Sporkin, evidently frustrated by the US Attorney's
      inability to present a credible case against Hamilton, asks him, "You
      don't know where you want to go?"

      Alexis answers, "I kind of know which direction I want to go in terms of
      who I want to speak to, but there's well, obviously the documents which
      Ms. Hetherton can speak to which is before the special master."

      The case, by the way, was first heard on June 20, 1996, so the
      preceding conversation took place three years after the supposed
      "investigation," which yielded no evidence of wrongdoing by Hamilton.

      Each time attorneys for DoJ and HUD appeared in closed session with
      the judge, they would, time and again, present no evidence, no
      affidavits, and no documents -- just a plea to postpone the case.

      Judge Sporkin, time and again, acceded to their baseless request and
      postponed the case.

      The chronology of illegal and bizarre behavior by Sporkin and
      government attorneys follows:

      * July 1, 1996 -- Judge Richey extends the case for 60 days based on
      Barbara Van Gelder's unsubstantiated allegations that fraud was
      involved. Judge Richey tells Van Gelder he won't give them another
      extension. Then Judge Richey suddenly gets sick and dies.

      * Aug 19, 1996 -- The new judge, Stanley Sporkin, extends the case
      another 90 days.

      * December 19, 1996 -- Sporkin gives government attorneys another 90
      day extension. He comments on the fact that John Ervin, the disgruntled
      government contractor-bounty hunter would get 15% to 30°/a of the
      settlement.

      "Gee, I had one of these qui tams where the government recovered
      close to 30 million. And the relator I guess got -- what do they get, a
      third?" the judge asks. "Thirty percent," answers Wayne Travef, a
      Venable, Baetjer, Howard & Civilleti attorney, representing failed bounty
      hunter John Ervin.

      * May 20, 1997 - US Attorney Barbara van Gelder lies once again
      regarding her lack of evidence in the case. She implies that if she's
      given more time, she'll definitely come up with something concrete.

      When Sporkin asks her about consolidating the two cases, Van Gelder
      flirts with the judge and tells him, "Oh, it's always a pleasure to appear
      before you." The judge says, "You know how to butter me up, don't you?
      You and I go back many years..."

      But Sporkin doesn't recuse himself.

       Van Gelder then tells the judge, "The reason why we can't -- I believe
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S00014.htm                               10/2/02
Scoop: Enemy OfThe State — The Catherine Pitts Story(2)                           Page 4 of7


      that we can't have one case consolidated is that one judge would have
      total knowledge of the case and the problem is in the other case we are
      the defendant, and so with the United States being the plaintiff and the
      United States being the defendant..."

      In other words the government is in the bizarre situation of being the
      Plaintiff AND the Defendant, since Ervin has also sued the government,
      specifically HUD and HUD officials. Sporkin is puzzled too. He asks her
      how the government can be both plaintiff and defendant in the case.

      After Ervin and his counsel are referred to in court as "bounty hunters,"
      Sporkin gives government attorneys another 90 days -- illegally. Again
      Van Gelder lies and tells the judge she needs an additional six months.

      Sporkin replies, "...these are interesting cases. I've had one of these
      where the relator I think, he recaptured abut 30 million and I think 25
      percent is tops."

      Van Gelder says, "Twenty five is the top, right." Sporkin says, "And you
      figure 25 percent of 30 million is 7.5 million bucks."

     The message between the lines is that Sporkin is wondering out loud
     what the patsy John Ervin is actually doing to "earn" his share of the
     -- 25% of the disputed $4.7 billion won by Goldman Sachs and their
     partners in the HUD loan sales.

     * Sept 10, 1997 -- Sporkin recommends that Van Gelder use SEC
     investigators to figure out if the HUD loan sales can be construed as
     "securities." Van Gelder says that she wants to use SEC only in an
     advisory capacity. In essence, Sporkin the judge is advising Van Gelder
     the DoJ Attorney on litigation and investigation strategy. Improper?
     Sure. Has Sporkin and van Gelder been censured, fined or prosecuted?
     Not yet.

     * October 1997 -- HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo abruptly cancels the
     Hamilton Securities contract, despite the fact that Hamilton successfully
     auctioned off $10 billion worth of defaulted HUD mortgages thereby
     saving the government $2.2 billion.

      HUD still owes Hamilton $2.5 million for contracted services.

     * March 9, 1998 -- HUD and the FBI loot the Hamilton Securities office
     in Washington, DC. A sworn affidavit by a building custodian shows
     Dol's intent to plant false evidence in the basement hoard of Hamilton
     documents in order to frame Hamilton -- and in turn, Goldman Sachs.

     Do] Attorney Tony Alexis appears and asks for another 120 day
     extension In the case.

     * July 10, 1998 -- Tony Alexis lies again and claims Hamilton isn't giving
     them documents they have asked for. The Judge stalls the case again.

     * Nov 19, 1998 -- Dan Hawke, Ervin's attorney, asks for another 90
http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HIA202/S00014.htm                              10/2/02
Scoop: Enemy Of The State — The Catherine Fitts Story(2)                          Page 5 of7


      days.

      " Jan 29, 1999 - Tony Alexis, assistant US Attorney Civil Division, asks
      for the case to be sealed for 90 days.

      * June 2, 1999 -- DoJ attorneys continue to mislead the court.

     Judge Sporkin begins to show his frustration at the ineptness of
     government attorneys. You can imagine how he feels after more than
     three years of no results. He says, "Let me tell you what you've got to
     do here. What you've really got to do, because this thing is dragging on,
     get a team together of some very knowledgeable people. You might
     have to bring them in from the outside. There's a big pool of people over
     there at Securities and Exchange Commission you could use. And I don't
     know whether you're permitted to go outside of the SEC to bring in
     some people that are knowledgeable in Wall Street and how these things
     work and get into that end of it. And I don't know whether HUD has that
     -- the Inspector General has those skills. I don't know. I really, I think
     it's dragging on. And the longer you wait, the harder it's going to be to
     reconstruct things because what you're going to have to do is
     reconstruct your market."

     Translation: I'm really really frustrated with the incompetence of all you
     government attorneys. Why can't you just do the job?

     Sporkin then continues leading them, trying to motivate them to bring
     him something -- anything with some kind of perceived value. Sporkin
     says, "I think you've really got to get a team together that's
     knowledgeable in this area of the law and can, you know, can go into it
     and see if these allegations are true or not. I don't know how you're
     going to do it, but you've got to get -- I don't know -- is the Inspector
     General carrying this on or do you have anybody from Justice working
     on this?"

     The transcripts show that the Hamilton bushwhack was a setup, a story
     of dirty politics within the DoJ and HUD.

     The transcripts also implicate DoJ Attorneys, the HUD Inspector General
     Susan Gaffney and HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo in criminal collusion,
     if not conspiracy, against Hamilton Securities.

     Andrew Cuomo, the mob-connected son of former Governor Mario
     Cuomo, is currently running for Governor of New York. While he was the
     director of HUD, HUD Inspector General Susan Gaffney revealed in
     March 2000 that $59 billion of HUD monies had been "lost" and the
     accounting could not be reconciled. Computer "error" was initially
     blamed for the shortfall, but this ludicrous and laughable cover story did
     not stand.

     Furthermore it becomes clear that --

     1. DoJ designed the construct and rationale for Ervin to file the lawsuit
     against Hamilton on behalf of the government.

http://www.scoop.co.nz/masonlstories/HL0202/S00014.hfim                             10/2/02
scoop: Enemy OfThe State — The Catherine Fitts Story (2)                           Page 6 of7


      2. DoJ taught Ervin how to get the ultimate kickback as a "bounty
      hunter." Incidentally Ervin was actually paid several million dollars when
      he agreed to withdraw his lawsuit against HUD and HUD officials, an
      obvious backdoor payoff.

     3. Judge Stanley Sporkin's egregious behavior and improper conduct is
     evidence of criminal conspiracy. Well-trained in dirty tricks and spooky
     "tradecraft," Sporkin,like Lowell Jensen and Lawrence Silberman,was
     "appointed to the federal bench to defuse any litigation arising from the
     October Surprise or its many tentacles," according to whistleblower
     Rodney Stich in his magnum opus "Defrauding America."

      So was Hamilton Securities just another domino used by insiders to try
      to knock down Goldman Sachs?

      Or was Hamiton and its innovative software a serious threat to insiders
      who wanted to cancel the sales of defaulted loans to hide the rampant
      fraud at HUD?

     Were they so afraid that Hamilton's open auction and bid optimization
     software would cut them out and destroy their covert revenue streams
     and money laundering capability through HUD?

     And, given the well-documented fraud at HUD, why was the Department
     of Justice so afraid of getting the Securities and Exchange Commission
     involved in the investigation?

     Other more serious questions also remain.

     Why did HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo and Al Gore's brother-in-law,
     Frank Hunger, head of the Civil Division of DoJ, try to frame Goldman
     Sachs during the Clinton impeachment, despite the fact that Goldman
     Sachs was a major contributor to the Democrat Party?

     Was this the aftermath of a failed palace coup by Al Gore, Frank Hunger
     and Hillary Clinton against Bill Clinton himself?

     Timing, after all, is everything.

     Hamilton Securities and Catherine Austin Fitts continue to struggle
     the burden of a meritless lawsuit by Ervin with continuous support from
     the Department of Justice.

     Hamilton has still not been paid on its invoices for X2.5 million --
     unquestionably and undeniably owed by HUD.

     Gored and bushwhacked, software pioneer Catherine Austin Fitts has
     paid dearly for her company's innovations. Nevertheless she's ready to
     begin her new project -- "The Solari Spirit: How to Create Local
     Prosperity in a Global Economy" (www.solari.com) -- as soon as this
     outrageous case is settled...


http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HL0202/S000l 4.htm                              10/2/02
scoop: Enemy Of The State — The Catherine Fitts Story (2)                   Page 7 of 7


      - For more information of the Solari Model of Investment and
      community-based profitability, click on http://www.solarl.com.

      Copyright 2001 Uri Dowbenko.
      All Rights Reserved.

       - Uri Dowbenko can be reached by e-mail at u.dowbenko~mailcify.com

                              DON'T ACCEPT THE LIES
                              Read the Real News on
                                Alternative Media --

                                   * Al Martin Raw.
                             Criminal Govt Conspiracy.
                            http://www.almartinraw.com

                                * Conspiracy Planet.
                        Alternative News & History Network.
                         http://www.conspiracyplanet.com

                                * Steamshovel Press.
                             All Conspiracy. No Theory.
                         http://www.steamshovelpress.com

                                * Conspiracy Digest.
                       Real News That Connects the Dots...
                        http://www.conspiracydigest.com

      Home Page I Headlines I Previous Story J Next Story

     Copyright (c) Scoop Media


http://www.scoop.co.nz/mason/stories/HIA202/S00014.htm                        10/2/02
