{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-07T10:39:28Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3600358, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127531-project-blue-beam-projecting-holograms-with-advanced-technology-8-21-1995.pdf", "source_sha256": "45e6f73345a5c5b37025a576465d3ae9dc8f38301c7ac6cb440f9bf37c4d226b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1012, "chars": 5936, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Copy and Distribute Freely
CENTER OF ATTENTION
August 21, 1995
The Bi-Weekly News and Comment of the Ascension Movement
Dark Conspiracies Part 2
thin bigger
"Operation Blue Beam"
Do You
the
of what
fold
by Jason
this is
picture
Just as newsletter 18 went out where I mentioned how things
seemed a little slow, things picked up big time! More and
more, I am receiving information from varied sources, re-
garding the workings of the "secret government" and such.
Some of the stuff I get is so astounding and unbelievable, I
consider it irrelevant to present at this time. However, from
different sources, I am getting a similar story regarding Proj-
ect Blue Beam. This, too, is pretty unbelievable, but |
present it in order to make you aware enough to give pro-
found thought if any of it becomes a reality. This is a
summary of the information and much of the data and proof
to back up the story has been excluded because it's like 20
pages. Most of it comes from an interview with Serge
Monast, a credible author, and researcher, on U.S.A. Patriot
Radio Network, and was sent to us from New Zealand.
Projed Blue Beam is reported to be a NASA project
that is designed to counterfeit the second coming of the
Messiah by projecting laser holograms of an alien invasion,
and supernatural occurrences. In this way, the foundation
will be laid for those that are intent on implementing a plan
for world domination and the creation of a world wide dictator
ship. If it is true that it is a NASA project, I must believe that
the part of NASA that is involved is a super secret section of
NASA that finds ways of keeping their satellites and activities
completely secret from the public leaders of NASA. Other-
wise, I'd have to believe that the thousands of people
involved in launches and planning of NASA activities are
part of a larger conspiracy. I doubt that. As you shall see,
there is much more to this plan and it develops into such a
deceitful and devious plot to control humanity, that it boggles
the mind, yet is plausible enough to work.
Project Blue Beam is only a small part of the larger
plan that is highly psychological in nature and follows a step
by step plan to undermine all the basic premises of our belief
systems, no matter what they are. It follows a sound princi-
ple, too. If you can get everyone to believe what you want
them to, then you are on your way to manipulating every-
thing and everybody. How do you do that?
Step one is to cause everyone to doubt their funda-
mental beliefs about the origin of man, religious doctrines,
and philosophy of living. Sounds like a tall order until you
see how they intend to do it. Rumor has it, that the govern-
ment can cause earthquakes at strategic locations, that will
uncover ancient, lost, archaeological evidence that contra-
dicts the interpretations of all major religious doctrines. The
ground work for this has already been laid through dis-
information campaigns and suggestions from all our science-
fiction movies about alien civilizations and technologies.
Planted and falsified evidence will be uncovered by archae-
ologist that suggests whatever your religion is, is wrong and
you have been slyly deceived over millennia. This will cause
most people to doubt their fundamental spiritual beliefs
about God, and the biblical and other versions of the "End
Game Scenario" I've often spoken of. Exactly, what the de-
tails are, I don't know.
Step two is Project Blue Beam, where laser light and
sound will be used to project a dazzling show of an alien in-
vasion which will be defeated by our governments in order to
give our allegiance to our new hero's! There's more, though.
This is not far-fetched at all. There's a company in Southern
California that will set up a laser light show against cloud
cover in order to advertise whatever you want in 3D.
Step three, is where visions will be projected into peo-
ples minds in such a way as to cause them to see and hear
each persons idea of what it would be like to be contacted by
God. This is possible by using advanced ELF, VLF. LF
waves (and scalar waves!), which affect a persons brain ao-
tivity in such a way as to convince that person that he is
hearing his own God talking to him. There is a vast inter-
active computer system designed to interweave "their" ideas
into your natural thinking so that you can't tell the difference.
At this point, most people will "know within their heart" what
God wants them to believe.
Step Four concerns electronically induced supernatural
manifestations that will make mankind believe that alien in-
vasion is about to strike each major city of the Earth in order
to push each major nation to use its nuclear power to strike
back. The world will be on the edge of nuclear annihilation,
but the attack will not come. However, this, being an ex-
tremely dangerous situation will set the premise that all
nations must unite and totally disarm in front of the United
Nations. Next, all the Christians will made to believe that the
reason the attack did not come is because there is a benevo-
lent alien force coming to save the "good" people of Earth
from a brutal Satanic attack. The goal is to get rid of all op-
position to the New World Order by creating the belief that it
is sanctioned by these benevolent aliens and that the rapture
is at hand. All those who would stand in the way of the New
World Order, will be picked up, killed or hidden away, under
the guise of the expected Rapture, as spoken about in the
Bible. But wait, there's more!
Just because our saviors have arrived doesn't mean
the battle is won. Not at all, we must all be united in order to
survive. In a period of just one or two nights, psychotronic
and other devices will be used to project supernatural, sa-
tanic images into peoples minds; hallucinations of ghosts
and poltergeists and insanity can be induced, which will
cause global panic, suicide, killing, rioting, etc. After "The
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1210, "chars": 6742, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
night of the thousandth star", humanity will be ready to im-
plore any new "Messiah" to re-establish peace and order
even at the cost of personal freedom! In other words, the
majority will be willing to give up their rights in the interest of
saving civilization. Anyone who would take issue with this
will be seen as one of the "affected ones"
, or possessed, or
just plain dangerously uncooperative.
How soon may all this take place? Very soon, accord-
ing Serge Monast, as early as late 1995. However, there are
some other preliminaries that have to be set into place.
Changing the money system is one of their primary goals.
When you see this taking place, you can be sure, things will
begin to occur, one after the other. Changing the money is
really quite simple.
This will happen in two stages. "They"
will create some economic crisis that will make it necessary
to change the money, "for our own protection". The first
change will be to change to new currency. One to be used
domestically, and another "world wide" currency. Then an-
other crisis will be created that will fix the problems. The
problems will involve corruption, cheating, and counterfeit-
ing. These problems will be resolved by getting rid of money
altogether and putting everyone on the computer. In this
way the New World Order will be able to track all money
transactions and know anything they want to know. "Follow
the money", will indeed end up being the solution to seeking
and finding anyone who is a problem and the means to stop
them. You see, anonymous cash means freedom and that's
what must be stopped in order to control the world
All of this is quite abbreviated. Much of the informa-
tion I have supports the reality of the technology to make it
happen, the organizationai structure and how it works, etc.
One thing important to consider...... these guys that are at
the top, do not believe in God, or spirituality, and believe
they are taking advantage of the foolish religious and su-
perstitious beliefs of the masses. It didn't take a rocket
scientist to know that they could easily pull off world domina-
tion if they could only duplicate the Apocalyptic vision from
the Bible. In no way, do these people believe that they are
the anti-christs and satanic minions they intend to trick us
into believing. It might be interesting if the Federation de-
cided that our shadow government's laser show would be a
perfect opportunity to actually start the mass landings. Think
about it. What would they do, when they start destroying
their phony holographic space ships and a bunch of real
space ships start showing up, only they don't fall out of the
sky like they're suppose to? M-m-m-m?
How do we discern the truth?
Is Project Blue Beam true? It sounds pretty outra-
onous to me. but you must remember that back in the days
oi iliffer
rumors of death camps, and atrocity fell on deaf
ears, mainly, because most people just could not believe
men were capable of such heinous acts, or that the govern-
ment was incapable of getting enough cooperation and
organizing in order to pull it off. Is that why you doubt now?
When you add into the equation the alien technology that we
undoubtedly possess, the motives of power-hungry men, and
their Will to make it happen, it doesn't sound impossible. In
fact, I believe that if God, or the Federation or some other
outside force fails to stop such a plot, it could, indeed suc-
ceed.
Can you see that regardless of what you might be-
lieve is right or of the light, you still find yourself in a position
of not knowing what to believe? If they start doing this stuff,
you won't be sure if the information you are channeling is
coming from God or them. You might think you would, but
somehow I don't think they are so stupid as to not have
thought of that. You can be as deceived as the next guy.
For all we know, much of what we now believe is just pre-
liminary tests run on a small part of the population to see if
they can make us believe ridiculous things. I have stressed
in the past, (and some still don't get it!) that COA and myself,
personally, do not believe most of the stuff we tell you about
is TRUE. We recognize that we can't tell if it is or not! We
believe it out of choice, and will wait to see if it is true or not.
Most people cannot fathom the notion of believing something
that is not true so they think everything they believe is true.
It's not! Believing doesn't having anything to do with being
true or false. It is merely a premise to base your behavior
and goals around. If you are stuck with the idea that all your
beliefs must be true, then when you find out to the contrary,
you will tend to deny and refuse to face the facts. Lighten
up!
Now, not being able to know what is true, which is
hologram and which is not, and who's lying and who's not
leaves one in the position of making a decision beyond your
ability to logically work it out. What do you do? I'm afraid
trusting your "instincts", feelings or intuition is all that is left.
I think giving you this information is a way of giving you a leg
up on it. You see most people won't doubt the reaiity of the
hologram and won't be able to even think of any other expla
nation. You on the other hand, at least can think twice about
what's happening
In order to have a discerning ability, you must have
a philosophy that satisfies some fundamental ideas you have
about the way it should be. Let me ask you these rhetorical
questions: If the world is going to be dominated by some-
thing, what's the best choice? Do you want our shadow
government to be in charge? If not, then would you prefer
our present government where shadow governments can still
operate and will inevitably lead to failure and collapse? If
none of those, would an alien government be better, and
how would you know? If you say "no" to all of these choices,
then what? We no longer have the time to have round table
discussions and wait for the evolution of consciousness to
solve the problem. If you can't make a decision on the
choices that are available there isn't time to wait for some-
thing different to come along. You see, if you survive, one
of those choices is what it's going to be. I know I don't want
our shadow government to run things. Our present govern-
ment sucks, too! If the aliens don't offer us anything better,
where does that leave us? What would you fight for? Would
you fight?
I don't have answers for these questions, and the
idea is not to promote fear of the outcome. On the contrary,
it is my intention to wake up as much grey matter as I can so
when the time comes, you can think it through. Frankly, if I
had to choose this minute, I certainly would give good con-
sideration to allowing the aliens to give it a shot.
2
