{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T15:38:45Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4307764, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127680-apro-bulletin-november-1963.pdf", "source_sha256": "fd808c110205dc353b355bd468324582fc49251aa403d5f0f2261a404e098101"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 992, "chars": 6066, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE A. P.R. O. BULLETIN
The A. P. R. O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Pheromena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 4145 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, and
is issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Orgazination is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery
of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years.
Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.
TUCSON, ARIZONA, NOVEMBER, 1963
FAMILY BESEIGED BY DISCS
What Did Cooper See?
In may 1963 while American Astro-
naut Gordon Cooper was in his 15th
orbit over Australia, he reportedly saw
an unidentified object going in the
opposite direction. The following is
direct quote from the KFI Los An-
geles radio broadcast which was piped
in direct from Cape Canaveral: "How-
during his 15th orbit NBC has
reports from West Australia which in-
dicate that an unidentified and some-
what mysterious light was visible from
the capsule. These reports all said that
the unknown space phenomenon was of
a green color with a red tail. Spokesmen
at Muchea (spelling may be wrong —
the transcript is blurred here the sta-
tion in Australia, tracking this, said
that the light, of course, had nothing to
through space but the spokesman did
not discount its presence up there."
The second report direct from
Canaveral May 16, 1963 8:00-8:05 a.m.
(PDT). This portion began with Ellis
Abel, NBC New York, who switched im-
mediately to John Chancellor NBC Space
Control, Cape Canaveral. Portion of his
report pertaining to the UFO follows:
"And after that he will be in the dark
again over Australia as he was in the
15th orbit. At that time NBC News re-
ports he saw unidentified light in the
sky preceding in the opposite direction.
Reportedly the light was green with a
red tail. A spokesman at the Australia
light, of course, did not have anything
to do with the capsule's flight but did
not discount reports of its existence."
Rumors dribbling back to APRO via
Cape Canaveral indicate that both Coop-
er and the Australian trackers observed
the object. It is suspicious, to
least, that after that one small report,
further information was available
concerning the mystery object.
This brings to mind, however, the
"snowflakes" or tiny lighted particles
seen by Glenn and subsequent orbitting
(See Cooper-Page 5)
News Photog Snaps UFO
APRO HAS in its possession a colored
slide of an object photographed on time
exposure by news photographer Dick
Pothier of Wollaston, Mass. In a by-
lined story in the Quincy Patroit-Ledger,
Mr. Pothier described his experience
which took place on either the 25th or
26th of June 1963.
Pothier was taking time photos of stars
in order to record the tracks of same,
from his back yard
at Wollaston, Mass.
His equipment consisted of a Japanese
35 mm. camera on a tripod. He
using Kodachrome X film. Other than
checking the distance he did not touch
the equipment until 30 minutes after he
opened the shutter, when he returned to
Two weeks later Potheir had the film
developed. On the slide he immediately
spotted something which shouldn't have
been there-a clear pattern of lights
moved into the camera's view,
hovered in at least 10 spots, maneuvered,
then left the camera's view again.
In Pothier's own words: "The time ex-
posure was able to capture all this, and
the intensity of the lights on the color
slide clearly show just where the lights
moved, leaving either an
image of the lights or a colored track.
In back of the orange, white and silver
lights and tracks were the star trails
which was originally the purpose of one
of the shots."
Pothier eventually showed the photo
slide to Stephen Putnam, a mechanical
engineer, APRO member and President
of the Two-State UFO Group, of Egypt,
Mass. Putnam, in a statement to
Patriot-Ledger
after a three-hour
study of the slide, that the lights seemed
to be arranged on a single object which
never changed its attitude relative to
the ground, and appeared to make 90
degree turns without turning itself. Be-
cause the lights ranged in color from
orange to white to silver, never changed
their relative position, they were ap-
parently mounted on the same frame-
(See Photog-Page 4)
At 9:30 p.m. on the 21st of October
Senor Antonio de Moreno was awakened
at his ranch near Tranca, Argentina by
a 15-year-old employee who told him
there had apparently been an accident al
the railroad tracks about a half mile dis-
tant as there was a lot of light and peo-
ple moving around at that location.
De Moreno, 72, wakened Senora Teresa
Kairus de Moreno, 63, and they both
looked out the window. Over the railroad
track just a few feet in the air there hov-
ered an oval-shaped object which was
projecting light to the ground where the
de Morenon saw "people" walking to and
fro, apparently always in single file. Se-
nora de Moreno then spotted another
similar object very close to the house.
see a dome-shaped structure,
about 25 feet in diameter, as well as
windows or ports around the circumfer-
ence of the object. This object also was
just a few feet off the ground. The Se-
nora got a flashlight and shone it toward
the dise, whereupon it shot a bright white
tubular beam of light at the house. Al-
she stayed fairly calm through-
out the whole episode, Senora de Moreno,
not knowing the meaning of the incident,
rounded up the children in the ranch
house, with the help of her sister, and
hid them. Then the
de Morenos began
a systematic check of all the windows
and shortly discovered that there were
five dises near the house-three stayed
about 210-225 feet distant, and two, in-
cluding the nearest one
which she saw
first, were within only a few feet.
the white tubular light at the
house, the other a reddish-violet tubular
House Heated Up Like Oven
after the lights struck
house, the inside of the house began to
heat up until it was "like an oven" and
there was a strong smell of sulphur in
air. Although the heat became so
intense that the occupants didn't think
(See Beseiged-Page 5)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1084, "chars": 6861, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 2
The A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
Published by
THE AERIAL PHENOMENA RESEARCH
ORGANIZATION
4145 E. Desert Place
Tucson, Arizona
Copyright 1964,
Carol E. Lorenzen
Editor and Director
Intormation appearing in this bulletin may be used
by other
UAO research periodicals providing names
and address credit is properly given to this organi-
zation and periodical.
Coral E. Lorenzen
International Director and Editor
A. E. Brown, B.S.E.E. ....
Director of Research
L. J. Lorenzen :
John T. Hopf
Director of Public Relations
Photographic Consultant
SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVES
(The following
listed individuals partici-
policy-making
Staff Members,
in addition to coordinat-
ing investigative efforts in the areas indi-
cated following their names.)
Dr. Olavo T. Fontes, M.D...
K.Gosta Rehn ...
Horacio Gonzales Gauteaume
Peter E. Norris, L.L.D. _...Australia
Jun' Ichi Takanashi
Juan C. Remonda
Sergio Robba
Arist. Mitropoulos
Rev. N. C. G. Cruttwell, New Guinea
Eduardo Buelte
Norman Alford
SPECIAL CONSULTANT
Prof. Charles Maney,-Physics
ALAMOGORDO PRINTING CO., INC.
The Reason?
From time to time in the past 12
launched by a segment of UFO research-
ers to force a Congressional Investiga-
tion of the handling of the UFO mystery
by the USAF. Various reasons have been
professed for supporting this effort, the
of which has been that the
people should have access to such infor-
mation-it is their right as individuals
Most of us have tried to divine the
"big reason" for the alleged censorship
and mishandling of the UFO mystery,
and the most popular theory has been
that the military authorities fear a panic,
economic as well
as emotional, among
the masses. UFO researchers cite the
Orson Wells "War of the Worlds" scare
of 1938. In view of the extensive propa-
speculation dealing
space travel and the possibility of life
on other worlds, it is not longer a valid
argument. The resistance to the idea of
interplanetary or interstellar travel by
extraterrestrials has weakened consider-
ably, and most people would not have
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
any great difficulty accepting the pres-
ence of such visitors were they to be-
come a reality through official announce-
ment.
However, despite the publicity
during the early years which took form
not only through the press, but via books
by authorities on the subject of flying
saucers, most people hesitate to accept
the reality of space visitors without the
sanction of official cognizance. This has
not come, and it is not likely to come
unless a definite move on the part of
the visitors has been made.
These are many UFO "believers" who
are caught up in a pseudo-religious
movement, who pay little attention to
sightings or landing incidents, etc., for
they are more concerned with perpetuat-
ing a doctrine than dealing with and
digesting facts. Another segment con-
cerns itself mainly with trying to find
a "big answer"-some think differently
in the line of origin of the visitors, pur-
NOVEMBER, 1963
1944 and 1945, during World War II,
and over military and civilian areas
in
1946. In 1948 a pilot was killed (Man-
tell) while chasing a UFO. By 1952, it
was quite evident to any intelligent in-
dividual with access to the facts avail-
able that something odd was afoot and
that if these things were interplanetary
they were not bent on contact and were
certainly interested in the defensive and
offensive installations
in
This was known to some civilians in
1952, and must have been more than
evident to military people in those early
years inasmuch as they had access to
all military sightings.
Since then, serious discussion
press notices of UFO sightings have
been discouraged by an attitude of ridi-
cule. This attitude seems to be authored
by official sources which apparently can-
not be dissuaded or indeed even reached
Attempts to bring about Congressional
group of UFO enthusiasts
is definitely a minority and
engaged in serious scrutiny of the facts
available. Among
groups there is a small sub-group with
a common factor, and that is egotism.
They do not seem to be satisfied to learn
by observing and studying the informa-
tion available, and seem more inclined
someone to blame so that they
can justify their position.
Before going further it
pointed out that as a result of this art-
icle many fingers will be pointed and
many rumors will be started,
of which will be that APRO's Director
has been "talked to" and "hushed up."
It must be established before continu-
ing that this has not happened and is
not likely to happen and if it did every
effort wouldd be made to relate such
an incident to APRO members.
APRO has been, to our knowledge,
the first organization to accept the ex-
istence of the "little men" or humanoid
occupants of the dises, and since then
to consider the possibility of hostile oc-
cupants. Both theories met with no little
resistance at the time they were
discussed. Except for a small number of
researchers, most of us accept the hu-
as realities,
investigations and hearings have been
costly and futile. All through this, some
disturbing
threads have been woven,
and if they indicate what they seem to,
any real effort to bring about public en-
lightenment, at least through one media
of news, might amount to eventual dis-
aster.
Many
incidents have taken
place
which indicate that the UFO are capable
of monitoring
radio broadcasts and if
that is possible, TV monitoring would
be simple. Also it should be noted that
although it is almost impossible to get
radio or television time via interview
programs and the like, to seriously dis-
cuss UFO research and the conclusions
reached by serious researchers, no one
has made any effort to stop the publi-
cation of the many periodicals dealing
with the subject, or books.
It is impossible to get a big publisher
to accept a
manuscript dealing with
UFOs on the positive,
interplanetary
theory side of the question, and there-
fore
widespread
circulation of UFO
books is no longer possible.
The only
books dealing with UFO which have
been published in the last five years
(since the 1957-58 flap) have been seri-
ous books dealing with interplanetary
space ships which were published by the
"vanity"
or "subsidy" press, or books
heavily laden with crackpotism and re-
Upon this latter premise could hinge
the REASON for authoritarian censor-
ship when feasible, and official reluct-
ance to even admit the substance of 12
years of UFO sightings. Let's take a look
ligious
understones,
or
anti-saucer
books such as Menzel's.
Menzel's
and
Boyd's book, incidentally, was published
by a large publisher and was given the
stamp of approval of the press and TV
and radio media via many reviews of
The mystery
supposedly began
same and interviews with the authors.
1947, but sightings were logged by the
Not so with Keyhoe, Hall or Maney, after
military without civilian knowledge in Hall and Maney's book, "The Challenge

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1203, "chars": 7180, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOVEMBER, 1963
of the UFOs." Not so either, with Mrs.
Lorenzen's book,
"The Great
Flying
Saucer Hoax." Both of these books had
to be privately published and neither
received the notice they should have.
It seems ironic that Mrs. Lorenzen re-
ceived so many enthusiastic comments
about her book from scientists who sub-
sequently have joined APRO and are
working diligently to solve some of the
enigmas of the UFOs, yet has not been
able to promote adequate press notice
Publications do not seem to be affect-
ed by this insidious effort to keep UFO
Whoever or
whatever is behind the stifling of infor-
mation about UFO seems to be more
concerned with information which is
electronically disseminated, and there-
fore quite easily monitored by ships or
satellites which could be circling
globe. It has been at least fairly wel
substantiated that UFOs can monitor
radio and therefore TV, and this brings
us to the crux of the whole situation.
The Air Force of the United States is
country; their specific responsibility is
the air space over this land. The same
is true of all the other Air contingents
in other countries. The American Navy
is investigating UFOs-they have
for although UFOs are
generally and for the most part seen in
they have been known to fly
over the sea and enter the oceans, and
this of course is the Navy's domain. The
Army is in the act, too, for UFOs have
Army installations.
Although publicly the Air Force has
the responsibility for the UFOs, it is ob-
vious that it cannot be everywhere at
once, so the AF public relations depart-
ment is responsible only for public pro-
nouncements about UFO. However, it is
quite probable that all military groups
in the United States have a central re-
porting place which is possibly the CIA
or a similar outfit set up exclusively for
It all boils down to this: If as is sus-
pected, certain authoritarian groups de-
duced by 1952 (when discs were seen
over prohibited areas of the
scarce) that they were faced with a for-
midable problem. With little or no
knowledge of these visitors they would
have to set up a system by which to
learn as much as they could about the
visitors but they would have to ultimate-
ly PREVENT THE VISITORS FROM
LEARNING HOW MUCH THEY KNEW
Counter-intelligence is most
import-
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
ant in a military campaign. It would be
impossible to keep the visitors from ob-
serving a lot, but if we could prevent
them from knowing just how much we
were aware of their existence and can-
abilities, we could at least effectivelv
"stall for time." Meanwhile, a concerted
attempt to devise defenses against the
possibility of attack, etc., could be made,
but the whole success would hinge upon
stall for time which would hinge
upon keeping the visitors in ignorance
concerning our knowledge of them.
If we can picture the occupants of the
UFOs monitoring
casts and being lulled into a sense of se-
by official announcements that
one of their soirees in the vicinity of a
military installation
mistaken observation of a planet.
earth-made vehicle, etc., the
visitors would not be concerned with any
immediate action. It seems so far that
they are only bent on observation and
preventing us from any real successes
We have exper-
ienced considerable difficulty in probing
the mysteries of the moon, the only sue-
cessful probe being that of the Russians
in 1959. Since then we (the U.S.) have
lost a total of 14 moon probes. The phony
baloney coming out of NASA, Washing-
ton, D.C., indicates that either there is
considerable ignorance in that quarter
concerning the capabilities of the UFO.
or that they also realize there is an out-
side effort to keep man off the moon.
If this analysis of the UFO situation
and the reason for the alleged censor-
ship is correct, some might postulate
that APRO and similar groups no longer
have a function, if they cannot dissemin-
ate information about UFOs.
This is not true. If for no other reason,
APRO would continue to function out of
intellectual curiosity. Also, the policy of
denial which authorities have instituted
as a means of misleading the UFO occu-
pants has worked against them in some
waysmany people will not
UFO incident for they feel that it is
useless to report such if the general opin-
ion is already formed. But these people
DO report to civilian groups whom they
trust. And there is little doube that the
groups of authorities who control UFO
information and
carry out correlation
and evaluation of sightings keep
tabs on the information contained in pri-
vate UFO periodicals. Therefore, in puh-
lishing the results of our investigations
we are helping to some extent.
If this theory is true, some groups will
have outlived
their usefulness if their
whole justification for existing depends
on a "cause," this cause being the cause
of truth for the masses and public con-
PAGE 3
of the agencies responsible
for the censorship.
Some researchers depend on an
tional need for attention and power, and
might find it difficult to continue if they
had no "goat" to blame things on.
course, egotimism is also
among the anti-saucer people, also. They
too, would have difficulty in accepting
concerning UFO motivation
and governmental censorship.
An excellent example of censorship for
a good cause is the way in which the in-
vestigation of President Kennedy's as-
sassination has been handled. At least 14
points of information, if presented in
trial court, would have won an acquittal
for Lee Oswald. These 14 points indicate
at least ONE co-conspirator and Kennedy
was shot from the front. For a study in
censorship motives for the
good, take your time and think this one
The big weak spot in all of our con-
tentions concerning authoritarian censor-
ship has been the motive for same. Just
a possibility of hysteria when that pos-
sibility is so small, is not an intelligent
reason for censoring news of such por-
Even the possibility of economic
disaster is not sufficient in itself or even
if coupled with the hysteria angle. But
if authoritarian powers are faced
the idea of defense against apparently
superior powers, it would do their de-
fense measures no good to tell the peo-
ple and inadvertently admit to the sus-
pected enemy that they have not gone
undetected. All things considered, if the
motivation for the alleged censorship is
a stall for time in the face of almost im-
possible odds, the choice has been a wise
one. It would be senseless to expose our-
selves to a potential enemy without first
assuring ourselves of having every ad-
Slow Moving Discs
Sometime between 6:30 and 7:00 p.
m., on July 7, 1963, the Le Blane family
near Bantam, Connecticut, observed a to-
tal of eight dise-shaped UFOs. They were
seen first by two of Mrs. Angela Le
Blane's children as the objects floated
slowly and silently over hills southwest
of Bantam. The entire family was called
to watch as the dises moved from the
northeast to the southwest. The estimat-
ed altitude of the dises was from 2000
to 3000 feet and the objects appeared to
be metallic.
The length of the observation was long-
er than one minute but the exact figure
was undisclosed in published reports.
Police were unable to provide an explana-
tion

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1200, "chars": 7092, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 4
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
Photog
(Continued from Page I)
work, he said.
"Except for a brilliant orange nucleus,
which remained in a central position, no
matter which way the object stopped,
or paused, the lights defy inter-
Putnam pointed out that the structure
of the object would be invisible on the
slide, as it was, just as a night picture of
a car would show only headlights.
Obviously the lights were not caused
by a balloon or airplane and the color
of the lights precludes the helicopter ex-
planation. The focus of the camera was
at infinity, thus ruling out close-in
objects such as fireflies, etc.
For camera enthusiasts, Pothier elu-
cidates the details about his: It was a
Heiland Pentax 35
mm. with an FL-55
mm. lens. The film was Kodachrome X,-
ASA 64-lens wide open and set for in-
the trails in the picture were obscured.
There were several areas on
the film
where no light has fallen. This is prob-
ably obscuration of some sort and it is
very unlikely that the glow from a fly-
ing saucer would be shining through
some sort of grid. And, the complicated
pattern, similar to those found in mul-
tiple reflections, does not agree at all
with the eyewitness descriptions of fly-
ing saucers."
It is obvious from Dr. Hawkins' com-
ments that he has had little experience
study and research of flying
saucers. Mr. Hopf has deftly and
rectly disputed Hawkins' theory about
the obscuration of star trails, and most
remark about the similarity between the
color and apparent placement of lights
and the many sightings which describe
almost those exact characteristics.
It would seem the UFOs suddenly at-
tained some sort of legitimacy after be-
ing commented upon by Dr. Hawkins, for
Exit and entrance trails of the object
Shortly, Pothier and others received
counts of various UFO sightings in the
which made the image are very dim
indicating that whatever it was is was
either accelerating rapidly or descend-
On June 26, Mr. and Mrs. Enrico Gil-
ing into camera range during its exit
bert of East Weymouth spotted a UFO
and entrance upon the scene. In a let-
at 1 a.m. Next morning they reported the
sighting to the Naval Air Station at
APRO's photo analyst, had this to say:
South Weymouth and Mrs. Gilberti said
"There is no question but that this is a
the authority who took the report "didn't
real image of some light source, we have
seem too surprised." The description of
positively ruled out processing or film
the sighting: Both Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert
defects. I don't agree with the Harvard
very large,'
astronomer who said that if there was a
bigger than a truck, with brilliant orange
solid body behind the light it would ob-
light on its bottom and a white light
scure the star trails. I know from my
of equal intensity on its top. They said
own experience that an object passing
the object flew "with a deafening roar"
in front of the stars for a short time will
about 100 feet over the ground, appar-
not show an effect on the trails in an
ently following the path of some high-
exposure as long as 30 minutes as this
tension wires near the Gilbert home. Its
one was. I think this photo is worth run-
shape, Gilberti said, was best described
the Bulletin although we will
by using the traditional "flying saucers"
probably never know just what caused it.
concept, or more exactly, two saucers in-
I have talked to the fellow (Pothier)
each other. Around its
at great length, and believe him when
middle, he said, was a protruding lip.
he says that no accidental double ex-
The two lights were shaped like a Turk-
posure occurred. I happen to own one
ish fez hat, or a cone with the top cut
of the same cameras (Pentax) and will
off, he said. It flew smoothly, very low,
will make some tests myself when I
almost right above the treetops, Gilberti
get a chance,
but don't expect to du-
said. The roar was deafening.
plicate the photo."
now I've always thought of those people
who believe in flying saucers as nuts,"
After Pothier's story the Patriot-
Ledger carried an account in its July
he said, "but my wife and I both saw
it and it was some sort of machine,
30 edition which was headlined: "UFO
a balloon or some other explanation."
Photo Baffles Astronomer at B.U." and
quotes Dr. Gerald S. Hawkins, Director
Another June 26 sighting was made
of the Boston University Observatory: "I
by Mr. and Mrs. Richard Tonsberg
hesitate to say the photograph
Rockland, Mass. They were sitting out-
their home along with Mrs. Tons-
admit it is very difficult to explain the
berg's brother-in-law William Hender-
photograph." He also said:
son. They saw a lighted obect with the
were a solid object in the sky it would
same exact colors and light relationship
obscure some of the star trails. None of but flying much higher. They heard no
NOVEMBER, 1963
three reported the obeet
traced a zig-zag path, making a series of
sharp 90-degree turns without pausing in
its flight. The glow the object emitted
was orange and white. Mr. Henderson re-
ported the object's flight path was sharp
and irregular as in the photograph taken
in Wollaston about 1:30 on
or 28th. He said it appeared to be head-
ing northwest, but repeatedly doubled
back and forth over its path. "All three
use watched it for about five min-
utes," Henderson said, "and the main
reason we did so was the lare number
of almost-perfect right angles taken by
whatever it was." The trio first saw it
Logan Airport passed over their house.
When the plane had passed, all three
saw the orange-white light source "much
higher than the airplane, tracing this
zig-zag pattern."
On July 4, at 8:30 a.m. Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Carr
of Weymouth
seeing "a dark object"
orange glow and moving in an irregular
path fairly high above the ground near
Archbishop Williams High School. "We
couldn't see how big it was but it was
not small. It appeared dark at the top
but there was a strong orange glow at
the bottom. It was fully light, about 8:30,
and we could see only a very rough out-
line of the object. The most pronounced
detail was the orange hue at the bottom
and a dark surface or area at its top,"
Several weeks earlier on June 13 a
North Scituate woman who declines to
be identified, spotted the same
or a
similar object, which she reported
on
July 7. The yellow-white light, she said
seemed to be plunging into the ocean off
Scituate, but suddenly reversed its di-
rection and doubled back on its original
path. A friend with her saw it also. "It
denly stopped and moved erratically for
a few seconds, reversed
its direction,
and went back from east to west," the
woman reported. She
also
said she
watched the maneuvering light
source
for at least 10 or 15 minutes and when
it stopped moving and hovered for a
while she stopped watching it.
The foregoing are only a few of the
more detailed sightings seen at or about
the time of the Pothier incident, and the
Patriot-Ledger
announced in a
subse-
uent issue that a total of 21 sightings
hads been reported to them. All seemed
to be of the same or a similar object
sighted within days or at most, 3 weeks
of the Pothier sighting.
Please Renew Now
$3.50 per Year

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1074, "chars": 6707, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOVEMBER, 1963
Beseiged
...
(Continued from Page One)
they could stay there, they were afraid
to leave because of the machines hover-
ing outside, so Senora de Moreno instruc-
ted all to be as quiet as possible.
After forty minutes of this discomfort
and fear, the witnesses, who had watched
the proceedings outside all the time, saw
the object at the railroad tracks elevate
and move away, followed by the dises
which surrounded the house. Just before
taking off, the light on the two closest
others off in the direction of the neigh-
boring farms. Where the two closest dises
had hovered there remained a
smoke-like deposit for several minutes.
Several hours
a reporter for
"Clarim," a newspaper at Cordoba Prov-
France Press Service, visited the de Mo-
renos. He later reported that the strong
sulphur smell
still apparent both
around and inside the de Moreno house
and the inside of the house was still suf-
focatingly hot when he arrived there.
Corroboration
Corroboration of the presence of the
discs in the area between 9:30 and 10:20
was furnished
by Francisco Tropuano,
who, not knowing of the de Moreno in-
cident, had reported seeing a formation
or "squadron" of lighted dise-like shapes
moving through the sky at about 10:15
p. m. when the de Morenos said the dises
were leaving their area.
The presence of the
heat and
oder
when the reporter arrived, plus Tropua-
no's testimony concerning the dises leav-
ing at about the time the de Morenos
claimed they left, seem to indicate that
this incident is true, especially in view
of the good reputation for integrity and
honesty of the de Moreno family.
Cooper...
astronauts. Although Russian astronauts
had supposedly preceded American as-
tronauts into orbit around the earth
they did not mention such bits of infor-
mation until they were publicly
men-
tioned by Glenn. However, at last inspec-
tion of reports concerning the mystery
lights encontered by Glenn and others
as they orbitted into the sunrise, NASA
had no
explanation.
Some
researchers
and UFO fans have noted this chain of
occurrences with the implied notion that
they could be spacecraft of a sort—moni.
toring objects, so to speak. The fact that
these objects laid along the orbit of the
astronauts at least strongly suggests that
they may have had something to do with
past orbits, of which there have been
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
many. It is a known fact that all Ameri-
can space launches have been along a
prescribed orbital route. Whether or not
these tiny and not identical particles are
pieces of spacecraft long since disin-
tegrated, or bits of matter from a space-
craft refuse system whether it be earth
originated or not, is not likely to
determined for quite some time until, at
obtained. That
some kind of inert
which are orbiting around earth or sus-
pended at a specific altitude is quite
obvious. If they were some type of tiny
monitoring objects, it is difficult to un-
derstand why their sponsor would be in-
tent on making them all apparently of a
different size and
shape. Their light,
according to the viewers, was reflected,
for they were only seen at sunrise.
Widely Seen UFO In Calif.
Shortly after 4:00 a.m., on the morn-
ing of 25 September 1963, a fast-moving
UFO was reported over Santa Clara
and
San Mateo counties. Reports came in from
the town of Woodside and San Jose also.
Sheriff's offices in the above-mentioned
counties received twenty reports. Some
descriptions given by witnesses were as
follows: "A half moon pulsating object,"
a "circular object lighted from the in-
terior."
The light, which appeared to
turn off and on was visible intermittently
The Federal
Aviation Agency, when
queried, was unable to account for the
UFO.
Scout Leader Observes
Strange Light
afternoon of March 22, 1963,
between 3:30 and 4:00 p. m., Mrs. Barb-
ara Warren, an assistant den mother
Richardson, Texas, witnessed the passage
overhead of unusual aerial objects. The
four UFOs were described as being white
in color and oval in shape, more rounded
than oblique. The outlines were not sharp
and were fuzzy around the edges. They
moved at great speed and didn't reflect
with good seeing conditions.
The first two which traveled toward
the east passed one after the other and
were not in formation. A few minutes
later another one appeared, going west.
This was immediately followed by a see-
ond
also,
and which changed course suddenly and
moved toward the north. No more were
seen.
PAGE 5
Triangle In The Sky
On the night of 17 August 1963 at 7:30
p. m. EDT, Mrs. Bradberry, a resident
of Baltimore, Maryland, observed a most
unusual UFO in the sky overhead.
Viewed through binoculars from
location the object appeared to be tri-
angular in shape with a red light eman-
ating from one corner. By 10:00 p.m.,
the triangle was still in approximately
the same location but clouds obscured
it. At 1:15 a.m., the triangle was visible
again but it was smaller in size and the
red light had dimmed. The position had
changed somewhat in regards to a ref-
erence point she was using. Investiga-
tion by Robert D. Briele, associated with
radio station WFBR in Baltimore, failed
to turn up an explanation.
Pear-Shaped Object
Over Balto.
On the same night as the Bradberry
sighting Mrs. George Spec of Baltimore
observed a pear-shaped
object high in
the sky over the northeast portion of the
city. She reported the object to WFBR
immediately and viewed the object from
9:10 to 10:00 p. m. No sound or motion
were detected
and Mrs. Spec said the
object pointed earthward and the whole
object was red in color. No optics used
in sighting, and investigation showed no
weather
balloons over Baltimore for
three days.
Sky Object Strikes
Building, Causes Fire
On Friday, May 10, 1963, shortly after
10 a.m., an object described by witnesses
as round, about 15 inches long and blue
or green in color, struck a warehouse in
Belfast, Maine and exploded.
The building belonging to the Maple
Upholstery Company suffered minor dam-
age from a fire which broke out as a
result of the collision. It was reported
that the first flames
visible following
the explosion were of a greenish hue.
People in the area reported hearing a
blast and Mr. Rene Gagine, a foreman,
witnessed the occurrence. No traces of
the mysterious object were found.
Mr. Floyd G. Drinkwater, Waldo County
Civil Defense Director, investigated the
site with a geiger counter and a slightiy
high radiation reading registered on the
instrument.
It was reported, however,
that this was not enough to indicate con-
tamination from an object
from space
like, for instance, a meteor. The general
consensus
among
people
interested
in
and investigating this incident was that
the object was not an ordinary space
object.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1142, "chars": 6729, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Falling Spheres Found
In early April 1963, newspapers were
printing the news of a mysterious metal
sphere found by Mr. J. MeLure on sta-
tion property near Broken Hill, New
South Wales in Australia on 8 April. It
was shipped to Broken Hill for examina-
tion by scientists there. It could not be
cut or broken into by the use of a file
saw. Metallurgists at the
Corporation said it had been subjected
to great heat, was 14 inches in diameter,
weighed 12 pounds and was spherical
and hollow. McLure, who found the ob-
that no one had been in the
area of the sheep station where the ob-
jeet was found, for about 50 years.
Broken Hill which contained the fore-
going information, the obect was shipp-
ed to the Weapons Research Establish-
ment in Salisbury for examination. Mr.
R. Pitman-Hooper, the Zine Corporation's
manager, refused to make any real com-
ment on reports that the Corporation's
metallurgists at Broken Hill had determ-
ined via X-ray spectographic examina-
tion that the object contained beryllium,
titanium, and magnesium and had only
this to say: "All I can say at this stage
is that our scientists have had a look at
the object, that any tests they may have
made so far are inconclusive
the sphere has been placed in the charge
of a senior Army officer" The Director
of the Broken Hill division of the U. of
New South Wales, Mr. T. K. Hogan,
said that university scientists had made
a visual inspection of the object and that
what they saw would not be "inconsist-
ent with the report that it contained be-
ryllium, titanium and magnesium." He
said further that the metals were cer-
tainly of modern
origin and were also
non-magnetic. He also commented on an
unusual "submerged are
the surface of the sphere which was
"most beautifully executed job." He dis-
puted the idea that the object was some
sort of tank or cistern float, and said it
had the remains of two lugs still attach-
ed to it. Hogan also said that the object
was definitely
hollow and
would have "dearly liked to ope nit."
had originally been protected by some
sort of heat shield which protected it
from the intense heat which melted the
On the 30th of April, a dispatch out
that the sphere had
"definitely been identified as part of a
space vehicle." It went on to explain that
Mr. Allen Fairhall,
Minister, told the House of Representa-
tives that the sphere was identified as
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
part of a space vehicle, and that Aus-
"communicating with the
overseas Governments from whose space-
craft it might have come." The dispatch
faint outline of a hammer and sickle,
the Soviet emblem. Fairhall
sphere had not been opened as it might
contain "something of scientific inter-
est." "It's a million-to-one chance that
a piece of orbitting hardware should sur-
vive the temperature of re-entry and be
recovered in one piece," he said. Various
other newspapers carried the news that
that the object was a pressure vessel
from a space vehicle, designed to with-
great pressure.
Apparently no more information was
released concerning the mystery sphere,
but a small article in the Omaha World-
Herald (Nebraska, U.S.A.) for 2 Octo-
the first sphere had not been identified
when the second one was found in Oc-
tober about 35 miles from the location
of the first one.
The press release divulged the fact
that despite inquiries abroad, the Aus-
tralian government had not located the
sphere was described as 16 inches in dia-
meter and weighing 18 pounds. It was
also said to be a "stainless steel ball"
on which a valve had been turned into
a fused mass, apparently as a result of
It is interesting to note that to this
metallic makeup of that first sphere has
been released, nor has there been any
further description or clarification of the
physical properties of the second. This
brings to mind another mysterious ob-
ject which was found in South Africa in
early 1962. This object was identified as
a spherical titanium pressure tank from
the fuel tank of an Atlas rocket. There
was no doubt that this object, at least
according to press reports, belonged to
a U.S. space vehicle. The question now
arises concerning
the reason that the
Australian spheres have not been identi-
fied. The most recent releases state un-
equivocally that the sphere
disowned by Russia and the U.S. Then
Youth Chased By
Fiery Object
On the night of 20 May 1963, a 17-year-
old saw an
object
which
he at first
thought was a truck or a bulldozer at
the side of the road between Glencoe
and Mt. Gambier, near the Victorian bor-
NOVEMBER, 1963
der, in Australia. He refused to let his
name be used as he feared he would be
called "crackers" (crazy). As he drew
to within about 20 yards of the object,
a bright light came on which was dazzl-
ing and the young man stopped his car.
The object then moved across the road,
and the boy started driving again, speed-
ing up. Then the light shot straight up
into the air and the car
neath it. "Although I was going 50 or
60 miles per hour, the light followed the
car. It was as bright as an arc welder's
light," the youth said. The boy's father,
who reported the incident, said that the
"white, upset and
The same press report said that a simi-
lar object was seen by a carload of peo-
ple on the night of the 15th of May and
was reported to Mt. Gambier police. The
people claimed the light, which turned
from red to white, followed the car for
Fiji Has A Fireball
On the 3rd of April 1963 Mrs. A. E.
a Tamavna housewife, woke
about 3:30 a.m. and
window at what appeared to be a ball
of fire in the sky over Bega. It appeared
to be moving toward Laucala Bay. She
said it was "horrifying."
Ten minutes earlier three Fijian po-
similar object and at 3:30 a.m., members
of the Royal New Zealand Air
also saw the object. Men on HMS ship
Cook had reported seeing
jects "falling into the Fiji Islands group"
at about 3:20 a.m. the same morning.
They said they watched a huge fireball
fall into the sea while they were anchor-
ed in the northern Yarawa group.
officer reported that at the time the
area was bathed in a light as bright as
moonlight which seemed to be coming
from a falling
said the falling object looked to him
"like the classie example of a Hollywood
spaceship." It was glowing with a bright
greenish-white light and had an enorm-
ous, long fiery orange tail.
The same or a similar object was re-
ported by several people at Lakota.
As this issue goes to the press, APRO
is winding up
the investigation of the
UFO incidents in New Mexico. This in-
vestigation has been expensive and has
nearly depleted the treasury. We are
not asking for donations, but ask merely
that you renew your membership if you
are due.
Please check your cards and send in
your dues, if you are due or renew
early. Thank you.
