{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-08T14:19:54Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4292941, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127681-apro-bulletin-january-1964.pdf", "source_sha256": "9601b443f62369faff6baa9d287888563e585cd9079ac197662dc29e8099f836"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1103, "chars": 6504, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE A. P.R.O. BULLETIN
The A. P. R. O. Bulletin is the official copyrighted publication of the Aerial Pheromena Research Organization (A.P.R.O.), 4145 E. Desert Place, Tucson, Arizona, and
is issued every other month to members only. The Aerial Phenomena Research Orgazination is a non-profit group dedicated to the eventual solution of the mystery
of the unidentified objects which have been present in the skies for hundreds of years.
Inquiries regarding membership may be made to the above address.
TUCSON, ARIZONA - JANUARY, 1964
DISC SUBMERGED IN BRAZILIAN RIVER
Search For UFO
In Minnesota
On the 4th of June 1963, Sheriff Doyle
Lindahl, chief deputy Dale Rolfson, Dick
Cords, Daily Herald (Austin) reporter
and Don Meighan, KWAQ reporter, par-
ticipated in three flights in search of a
flying saucer reported seen to go down
in the vicinity of Lyle, Minnesota short-
ly after 3 a.m. According to police at
Austin, five different truck drivers re-
ported seeing a
strange multi-colored
light which appeared to settle to earth
near the small town of Lyle, which is 11
miles south of
Austin near the Iowa
border.
Highway patrolmen searched
an area
two miles wide on either side of the state
line in the vicinity of Lyle but found
nothing unusual. Police at Albert Lea,
Minnesota and
Independence,
Cedar
Falls and Cedar Rapids, Iowa, said they
had received similar reports of a strange
object in the sky. Zearl Leinen, a truck-
er from Cedar Rapids, was the first to
report the incident to Austin, Minnesota
police and his report was followed quick-
ly by reports from other truckers.
An Austin radio station said that after
it had broadcast news of the incident,
they received calls from numerous in-
dividuals who said they had seen a mul-
ti-colored light that seemed to descend
in the vicinity of Lyle. The aerial rec-
onnaisance carried
out by Lindahl,
Cords, Meighan and Rolfson covered an
area 25 miles south of Austin and past
Lyle and about 10 miles north of Austin.
Wooded areas which would
offer con-
calment were closely scanned.
Recommended Reading:
Because of repeated requests, we are
listing here the books which are felt to
be the best on the subject of UFOs. It
may or may not be a complete list, de-
pending on the attitude of the individ-
ual, but the following are considered to
be factual and definite contributions to
the field of UFO research:
"Flying Saucers Are Real," by Donald
(See Reading-Page 2)
Robots Terrorize
On the 31st of October 1963, Rute de
Truck Driver
Souza,
8-year-old daughter of Elidia de
Souza who live near Iguape, Brazil, heard
As Eugenio Douglas drove his com-
a strange and increasing roar and on
mercial truck toward the end of the
looking to see where it came from, was
of the 18th of October, 1963, he also drove
terrified to observe a silvery object com-
doba Province, Argentina on the night
ing toward the river near her house. The
of the 1th of October, 1963, he also drove
object soared over her house, then above
toward the most startling event of his
her, struck a palm tree near the top and
life. Suddenly his truck was bathed in
began to
"writhe" and struggle in the
brilliant white light and he felt an un-
air above the river. Then it fell into the
sensation, much
Peropava River near the opposite shore.
like the feeling of muscles returning cir-
Rute began to run to her house to tell
culation after being "asleep." The light
her Mother, and met her Mothing coming
came from a disc-shaped object about 25
out. Mrs. de Douza had also heard the
feet in diameter which hovered over the
roar and ran to investigate. Shortly Raul
road. The combination of the light and
de Souza, Rute's uncle, came upon the
the prickling
sensation caused him to
scene. He, too, had heard the roar where
lose control of the vehicle and the truck
he was working about 300 feet from the
went into the ditch at the side of the
house. All three stood in amazement as
road.
they watched the water "boil up" in the
Douglas got out of his truck and by
spot where the disc had fallen. The water
that time the dise had landed on the
continued to surge up, followed by an
roadway and coming toward him were
eruption of muddy water and then mud.
three
"indescribable beings"
which
On the opposite shore of the river fish-
Douglas later referred to as "robots."
ermen including Japanese Tetsuo Ioshi-
Drawing a revolver which he habitually
gawa had witnessed the event and it was
carried to ward off possible hijackers,
from loshigawa that investigators and re-
Douglas fired four shots point-black at the
porters obtained
sufficient
description
approaching beings, then turned and ran
that led to the estimation of size of the
toward Monte Maiz as fast as his feet
object--about 25 feet in diameter.
would take him. Then he turned around
described the dise as like polished alum-
and looked at the "beings" and saw that
inum and shaped like a "wash basin."
they were going toward the object in the
The object appeared to be at about 20
road which took off and in the space of a
feet altitude when it hit the tree. It was
few seconds was pursuing him. Douglas
in level flight until that time and after
tried to keep close to trees, etc., for cover
it struck it began its gyrations which led
but the disc managed three passes over
to the conclusion of the witnesses that it
him, and each time it passed over, he
was experiencing trouble of some sort.
felt the heat and prickling
sensation
During the ensuing weeks, divers of
again. Then the disc left. He eventually
various sorts began to attempt a salvage
arrived at Monte Maiz where he reported
operation. At first, divers using only face
his experience to the police.
masks tried but failed, to be followed by
The police at Monte Maiz later told
Scuba divers and eventually a profes-
the Agrega paper,
"Accion" that Doug-
sional deep sea diver with full diving
las was hysterical but in other respects
suit and air compressor came to attempt
all right when he came rushing in to tell
to locate the disc. At last report, nothing
his story.
A physician who examined
had been found and all the divers com-
Douglas said that he found unexplainable
plained of the hampering effect of the
marks or welts like burns on Doublas'
mud at the bottom of the river. The Pe-
face which Douglas
attributed to the
ropava is 12 feet deep at the point where
light from the disc.
the disc sank and has a muddy bottom
Examination of the ground where the comprised of about 15 feet of mud and
(See RobotsPage 2)
(See Disc Submerged-Page 2)

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 1030, "chars": 6417, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 2
The A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
Published by
THE AERIAL PHENOMENA RESEARCH
ORGANIZATION
4145 E. Desert Place
Tucson, Arizona
Copyright 1964,
Carol E. Lorenzen
Editor and Director
Information appearing in this bulletin may be used
by other UAO research periodicals providing names
and address credit is properly given to this organi-
zation and periodical.
Coral E. Lorenzen
.. International Director and Editor
A. E. Brown, B.S.E.E. -..
Director of Research
L. J. Lorenzen
Director of Public Relations
John T. Hopf
Photographic Consultant
Oliver Dean
Photographic Consultant
SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVES
(The following
listed individuals
partici-
pate in planning
and policy-making as
Staff Members, in addition to coordinat-
ing investigative efforts in the areas indi-
cated following their names.)
Dr. Olavo T. Fontes, M.D.
K.Gosta Rehn
Graham Conway -
Aime Michel
Brazil
Sweden
Eastern Canada
France
Horacio Gonzales Gauteaume
Venezuela
Peter E. Norris, L.L.D.
Australia
Jun' Ichi Takanashi
Japan
Juan C. Remonda
Argentina
Sergio Robba
Italy
Arist. Mitropoulos
Greece
Rev. N. C. G. Cruttwell, New Guinea
Eduardo Buelte
Spain
Norman Alford
New Zealand
Austin Byrne
Ireland
SPECIAL CONSULTANT
Prof. Charles Maney,-Physics
ALAMOGORDO PRINTING CO., INC.
Disc Submerged
(Continued from Page One)
clay. If the disc sank through the water
and in turn the mud as the boiling up
of water and then mud seem to indicate,
it may have proceeded through the mud-
dy river bed to solid rock underneath.
In order to fully assess the meaning
of this incident which is pretty well es-
tablished as having occurred, we must
take into consideration all of the factors.
Although mine detectors were used and
the Brazilian equivalent of the Civil En-
gineers attempted finding and salvaging
the disc, reports do not indicate any sue-
cess of any kind, not even the location
We must consider the possibility that
the disc, after settling
to the bottom,
either proceeded through locomotion of
some sort away from its initial resting
place and is not now in the original spot.
If so, it could be anywhere in that river.
Also, the size indicates that it may have
and if so perhaps repairs
could be affected under water and es-
cape from the river and the mud accom-
plished during the night hours, at some
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
JANUARY, 1964
spot more isolated than where it origin-
Reading ...
ally sank.
(Continued from Page One)
UFOs of various types have been seen
Keyhoe (out of print but still available
going into and coming out of the water
in paperback in various second-hand
so we must not assume that this particu-
bookstores).
lar disc is necessarily trapped even
"Flying Saucers from Outer Space,"
though it is a tempting assumption to by D. Keyhoe (Henry Holt, Pub., New
make. Time will tell and it may be that
York).
the dise will be pulled out of the river
"Flying Saucer Conspiracy," by D.
eventually. It may be, too, that other
Keyhoe (H. Holt, Pub., New York).
UFOs have already come to the dise's
"Flying Saucers Top Secret," by D.
aid and have either destroyed or salvaged
Keyhoe
(Publisher not known, book
it.
checked out at this writing).
The only similar incident we have logg-
ed in APRO files is the incident which
took place off the coast of Venezuela on
the 13th of December 1956. A swedish
ship wired the harbor control at La Guai-
ra saying that a strange, cone-shaped ob-
ject was falling vertically into the sea,
that it was very brilliant and gave off
"strange glares." The time was 9:50 p.
m. and the object was seen by the Cap-
tain and several of the crew. When the
object hit the water an explosion was
heard, then the sea where the object fell
became brilliantly colored. After the col-
ors subsided the sea became very disturb-
ed with a "boiling motion," which con-
tinued for some time.
It is not known whether or not the ob-
ject was in trouble in this incident but
there is a similarity between the fore-
going sighting and the dise which fell
into the Peropava River.
"The Truth About Flying Saucers," by
Aime Michel. (Publisher not known-
book checked out at this writing).
"Flying Saucers and the Straight Line
Mystery," by Aime Michel (this is prob-
ably the best book on the subect-pub-
lished in U.S. by Criterion, N. Y.).
"Flying Saucers-A Modern Myth of
Things Seen in the Sky," by Carl G.
Jung (this book is a study of the sub-
ect of UFO from a psychological angle
by the world's foremost
psychologist
and alienist until his death in 1961. It is
not an easy book for the layman unless
he is conversant with the Jungian ap-
proach to the human psyche and its
function). Published by Routledge and
Kegan Paul, London, England.
"The Case for the UFO" and "The Ex-
panding case for the UFO," by M. K.
Jessup. (Published by Citadel, New
York).
Robots .
(Continued from Page One)
object was reported to have landed yield-
ed nothing but police said they expected
nothing for the incident had taken place
during a rain storm which had continued
for some time after the event and there-
fore any marks would have been washed
And last, but not least, we hope, "The
Great Flying Saucer Hoax," by APRO's
director and editor, Coral E. Lorenzen.
Published by APRO through New York
publishing facilities. This book which de-
scribes the gigantic hoax which has been
saucers first became
news in 1947, is still available at APRO
$4.45 postpaid. Checks
should be made to C. E. Lorenzen.
On the day after the Douglas encounter
with the robots, several country people
who had been attending a burial in the
area where Douglas saw the beings, told
police they had spotted a brilliantly lit
object flying through the
skies the night before. The time coincid-
ed with the time of the Douglas
In the fall of 1962 an Argentina ranch
for hysteria
after seeing robot-like creatures near her
ranch. The Douglas incident seems to cor-
generally with that of the woman's
experience a year earlier.
NEW BOOK — "Les Apparitions de
Martiens," by Michel Carrouges,
French language volume dealing with the
observation of the occupants of the UFOs.
Highly recommended for those who can
read French, of course, and
pearances of the Martians" presents some
concluding remarks which are interest-
ing: "As things stand now, it is impos-
sible to state positively
tians will take the initiative in making
contact. But we must anticipate that the
progress of our space program is
unavoidably heading toward
planetary meeting."

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 1175, "chars": 6927, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JANUARY, 1964
Light Chases Youths
Ronnie Austin, 18, and his companion,
Phyllis Bruce, also 18, had the adventure
of their lives shortly after midnight on
the morning of 5 August when a huge
glowing object chased their car at high
speed along a highway in southern Illin-
ois. The sighting may have been the first
of a series in the area, or its publication
may have occasioned the reporting of
other coincidental sightings. At any rate,
the following is a description of what
The couple had attended a movie "The
Great Escape"
Mount Vernon, which is 32 miles west
At approximately 11:30
p.m., they were driving
Rte. 15 near the Mt. Vernon airport
when Ronnie leaned over to speak to
and spotted a round ball of
bright white light at treetop level, at
an elevation of approximately 20
grees. He called it to the attention of
the Bruce girl and they watched it,
shortly realizing that it apparently was
keeping pace with their car. Austin be-
gan to check this, slowing and speeding
alternately, and the object still stayed
with them, although at a distance. At
the object swerved toward
them, increasing in apparent size, then
retreated, and jumping up ahead to hov-
er over an electronic relay tower. All
this time it was south of the observers.
after hovering over the tower
ahead or east of their car. It stayed
ahead and to their left until Austin
north on Orchardville Road to-
the Bruce home. The light was
then on their right and east of them. It
stayed in that relative position
the couple watched it for about 15 min-
utes from the Bruce home, then Austin
left and drove south, turning east on a
gravel road. The light, which had hov-
ered southeast of the Bruce home, dur-
ing the period that they observed it
there, suddenly shot diagonally ahead
of Austin's car, coming to a stop east
turned north again toward his home,
the light was to his right.
During this episode, Austin and the
Bruce girl claimed to have been riding
at speeds up to 120 miles an hour. After
turning east on the gravel road, Austin
approached the crossroads at high speed
over a hill the
light changed to a brilliant orange and
plunged toward the car at terrific speed.
Austin estimated that it was
100 feet of his car within just a few sec-
then veered
and directly over the car. Austin said
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
that it was then that his car radio, which
he had tuned in, went static and that he
felt as if he had entered an extremely
cool area. The light then made another
pass over the car and went back to its
over a barn where it hovered,
still orange in color, but somewhat duli-
er in tone than it had been when it
Austin, by then very frightened, turn-
ed north at the intersection and headed
for home. For a distance of about three
miles the object kept pacing him to his
right and rear. After he made the final
turn to the west to get to his parents'
farm house, the light cut across the road
and followed him at his left and behind
him. When he turned into his front yard,
the object appeared to hover stationary
over a farm house about 250 yards east
It is at this time that things in this
narrative become rather uncertain. Aus-
tin went inside his house, and with his
father, mother and sister, watched the
object from the windows. It was 12:35
Ronnie's father decided to call
Jefferson County authorities and have
them notify the Air Force installation
about 75 miles away.
Jefferson County authorities sent Dep-
uty Harry Lee, who arrived at 1:10 a.m.,
after State Trooper Richard Gideumb
and George Sexton, Village Marshal of
Wayne City had arrived at about 12:45.
The latter had heard the call on their
car radios. Mr. and Mrs. Dwight With-
row who are neighbors of the Austins
were also called and they observed the
During this interim, the family doctor
was consulted by telephone
was obviously a very frightened young-
ster. He was given a sedative which the
Austins had on hand in the house. As
the party of observers watched, the light
slowly ascended higher into the sky and
toward the south and by the time Lee
arrived at 1:10 it appeared to be just an
extremely bright star in the southeast-
ern sky where it remained until it far-
ed out of sight with the coming of dawn.
According to interviews and clippings
marshalled by APRO forces in the area,
Gidcumb and Marshall Sexton believed
the boy had seen something strange, but
that what was pointed out to them on
their arrival was nothing but the "East-
ern Star"-which
at that time of the
year would have been Jupiter.
However, Jupiter does not stay in the
southeast and fade with the dawn—it
proceeds across the sky in the west.
Lee would not commit himself except
to say that when he arrived the light
appeared only as a large, white star
moving slowly south and ascending.
PAGE 3
Later,
when Air Force intelligence
units and consulting astrophysicist J
Allen Hynek arrived in Wayne County
to question witnesses, the Austin inci-
dent was explained
away, as were the
ensuing sightings. We will list the par-
ticulars in the most prominent of these,
and follow them with the conclusion of
the authorities concerning their explana-
tion.
On August 7 residents east and west of
Fairfield observed two bright lights. One
was kite-shaped with a comet-like tail.
Both lights going fast, one dimming.
Evaluated
at part of night a/c fueling
operation.
A strange light "bigger than
a star"
seen flying high north of a camp ground
It had been observed for about two
weeks. No official
conclusion
on this
one but outside of the fact it was re-
ported in the north, it could have been
Jupiter. Date: Aug. 7.
Mr. and Mrs. Bill Short reported see-
ing a "bathosphere-shaped" object at 9
p.m., same date. Object circular, bril-
liant, with four lighted projections. Mrs.
Short heard a jet plane go by but no
other sound. No evaluation of this one
by officials either.
On August 8 Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Ma-
son of Fairfield saw a cross-shaped ob-
ject "early" in the morning. It was
speeding toward the northwest. At 10:20
same date. Alderman W. Scott Lawrence
of Mt. Vernon saw a bright light travel-
ing northwest. Also seen by Robert
Lynch.
A Memorial Hospital employee and
her husband were followed by a strange
light at 11 p.m. while driving. The light,
bright white, was low enough to cast a
shadow, according to the observers.
"fingers" extending from it.
Back to August 7—Mr. and Mrs. Per-
ry Pladgett saw a strange light like "the
sun with lights projecting from it" while
driving home from Cisne at 9 p.m. "A
large ball of brilliant light," it moved
from the east, was over their car when
they got home, then it disappeared.
Circuit Court Clerk James Wilson and
his wife saw a "cross with a tail" in the
Butch Musgrave (of Brame) saw a
object 4-5 times the size of a
star, going east to west, very fast, at
9 p.m. Musgrave was in the Boyleston
Also at Boyleston,
this date, 7 or
dusk saw a big, bright light "as big as a
going from west to east
(See Youths-Page 4)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 1214, "chars": 7162, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 4
Youths..
August 8. Mike Hill, cleaning plant
and Chauncey Uphoff, a farm-
er, saw a kite-shaped object with a long
tail, at about 800 feet altitude. It lit up
Uphoff's barnyard. The light went off
when an airplane flew by, but went on
after the plane left. This object came
from the west along the railroad track
of Uphoff's farm. It looked like
a diamond at first, they said. Another
object came along-they first thought
it was a jet but there were no blinker
lights. The diamond
shaped object
swung around toward the plane, and as
it neared, it's lights went out, and after
the plane passed the object appeared as
a glow, dived toward the Uphoff yard,
looking like a kite with a tail. It circled
back toward the south at high speed and
over Merriam, then disappeared toward
Grayville. The men thought it was very
large, at least at 1,000 feet altitude and
it made no noise. The Uphoff dogs were
very disturbed and barked all the while.
Same date, Paul C. Brock at Albion
said he and neighbors saw a brilliant
light which stayed
minutes, then turned red, floated away,
sounding like an engine.
On 9 August Ex-Mayor Harry Bishop
saw a light following a car on Centralia
road between 10 and 11 p.m. When the
car turned off the road and stopped, the
light turned, hovered over the auto, then
moved west. Bishop called neighbors and
they all watched the object for about
10-15 minutes. When interviewed Bishop
said the object came down Centralia
Road, hovered over his house on the
north edge of Mt. Vernon, moved west,
went out, then reappeared in the west
speed. During
episode both he and neighbors saw the
motorist whose car was followed by the
light, as he stopped and looked up at
On the 14th of August Mrs. Henry
Linder saw a low-flying object at tree-
top level. "three feet long, egg-shaped, it
lit up the area like a Christmas tree,"
15 August-Mrs. Jean Gutzler, of Blue-
saw a bright white object which
up her yard west of town. It
seemed to be about 50 feet over the
barn. It disappeared within a short time.
Same date, unidentified motorist re-
ported bright, darting lights he had seen
three nights in a row. He at one time
was driving when he saw them, was
startled but managed to keep car under
some control although he did drive it
into the ditch. He described the things
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
as bright, white, round on the top, flat
on the bottom.
Again on the 15th, State Trooper Lee
Lyons saw a red ball in the sky north-
west of Mt. Vernon at 11 p.m. It had a
tail. Other Mt. Vernon residents
saw a light at 12 p.m. One woman re-
object "as big as a car" fol-
lowed her car on State Route 148, south-
west of town.
The first evaluation to be suggested
for the Austin incident was that
youngsters saw the moon through fog
and, frightened, let their imagination
run away with them and thought it was
a flying saucer. When the official report
came out, however, it was decided that
Ronnie Austin had seen Jupiter.
The maneuvers of the object described
indicated that the "experts" have again
discarded observational information in
favor of a pre-conceived explanation or
theory. Austin could not possibly have
seen either the moon or Jupiter. He saw
something which maneuvered and flew
at high speeds, and which had an un-
cording to authorities, saw the moon
through fog and panicked, and the ob-
ect seen by him aand his family later
It is entirely possible that Austin saw
when watching with his
parents and neighbors. If he had been
pursued by a large lighted object which
terrified him he might not have also
seen Jupiter at the time so when view-
ing the bright planet later he would have
no way of separating it from the objeet
which pursued him, and he might have
interpreted Jupiter as the object which
had ascended and was hovering at high
altitude. However, the idea that Ronnie
saw the moon through fog initially and
mistook it for a bright white light which
maneuvered and followed him, can only
be accepted if we discard the observa-
tional data of both Ronnie Austin and
Phyllis Bruce.
Later sightings of triangular-shaped
authorities as night re-fueling operations
which were unfamiliar to the observers
which were widely seen in the area.
The ball-shaped objects were vaguely
explained as fireballs, but before
explanation can be accepted, we must
have a satisfactory identification or def-
inition of a fireball. It is well known fact
that science is attempting to find out
just what these enigmas are. That they
are unidentified and therefore could be
a particuuar type of alien space vehicle
or missile has not occurred to at least
some scientists, for it is their habit to
attempt to find a mundane and accept-
able explanation for all phenomena.
JANUARY, 1964
Thus, from the myriad of sightings by
the citizens of Wayne County, Illinois in
the early part of August 1963, we have
only the usual unsatisfactory explana-
tions for eerie aerial visitors.
Weird Object In Idaho
Police and residents of Sand Point,
Idaho, observed one of the strangest ob-
jects ever logged
in APRO files, al-
though the description was not entirely
clear and perhaps further description
might help to categorize it.
B. R. Blundell, Standard Oil Co. man-
ager, called police at 7:20 p.m. and de-
scribed an object he was observing at
the time. His wife, Maxine, also an FBI
agent who arrived from
Kalispell and
local police desk cleark Jean Streeter,
who was out working in her garden, also
saw the thing. Blundell used field glasses
to observe it for about four or five min-
utes and said: "I furnish oil for holicop-
ters the Forest Service is using for spray-
ing and at first I thought it was one of
those. Then I saw it wasn't a helicopter
or an airplane.
It
wasn't a balloon,
either. The thing was black, about 8 feet
high and had no rotors or wings." Blun-
dell estimated its altitude at about 1500
feet above the ground.
Blundell said the shape of the thing
was squarish and appearing to be rotat-
ing slowly with what appeared to be
puffs of smoke coming out of the top.
The lower part glowed and looked as if
it were filled with orange flame. It ap-
proached from the north, appeared to
hover over the Hedlund
Lumber Co.
plant, then turned
southwestward and
disappeared toward Dover, three miles
away. It seemed to be losing altitude, so
Blundell called friends in the vicinity of
Dover but none had seen it.
Miss Streeter said she looked up when
she heard an airplane, saw the airplane,
then spotted the strange object. Federal
Aviation Agency officials at Spokane,
Washington said they had no reports of
such an object and could not explain it.
UFO Observed From Home
Mary C. Kimball of Dover-Foxcroft,
Maine (APRO member)
saw a bright
star-like object while looking out a win-
dow of her home on the night of October
1, 1963. After the first few moments, the
UFO moved from its original path in the
sky toward her
vantage
point, passed
over her house and out of view.
The UFO was of an undefined
shape
but was described as bright on
the up-
per part and gray in color underneath,
The witness felt that she had seen what
possibly resembled windows. It made no
noise during its passage,
the time of
which was about 11:00 p.m.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 1087, "chars": 6539, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JANUARY, 1964
Bright Sphere
Near Home In Mo.
At about 12:30 a.m. on September 24,
1963, a bright spherical light was seen
hovering over trees some 100 yards from
the front porch of Mrs. James Patterson
who lives
near Powell
Park, in
St.
Charles, Missouri. A total of three peo-
ple witnessed the object when it was
first seen. However, the light quickly dis-
appeared as it moved away. Sheriff's dep-
uties were called upon to
They saw the light but upon approaching
it the object disappeared.
Crescent Over Hawaii
On the night of March 11, 1963, a
crescent moon-shaped object passed over
the area north of the Island of Kauai in
the Hawaiian Islands. It was traveling
toward the west, at a very high altitude
and a high rate of speed. The UFO was
very bright and some observers said it
appeared to be on fire and appeared to
Two Hawaii Air National Guard pilots,
while flying at 40,000 feet, saw the ob-
ject. Capt. Jon Parish
said he felt the
object was some type of rocket or space
object flying
a pre-determined course.
The second pilot, Lt. George Joy com-
mented that the UFO left a visible vapor
trail. Hundreds of other people saw the
object and military officials would pro-
UFOS Over England
On the 29th of July 1963, an object
as being like a ball of fire,
orange in color, hovered in the sky for
about 10 minutes at Bristol, England. It
then disintegrated and disappeared. An
hour later a similar object was seen mov-
ing at a very rapid pace above the Bris-
tol channel. The day before, a "flying
saucer" was noted at Long Ashton near
Bristol. This sighting was made at night,
as was the sighting of the 29th.
NZ Youth Encounters UFO
Peter Vining, age 16, of Palmerston
North City, New Zealand,
encountered
two strange bright lights while returning
home from the movies at 11:00 p.m. on
June 16, 1963. From where he was sit-
uated in the city square, he saw two
lights resembling automobile headlights
coming directly toward him from the sky.
After about a minute they stopped and
hovered
above a clock tower. The dis-
tance between the witness and the tower
was about 150 yards.
After 5 seconds had passed, the lights
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
darted away at terrific speed up into the
sky and were gone. The observer
that the lights seemed to have been at-
tached to some invisible body which he
could not see. Their color was described
as being pure white. No other witnesses
to the event were found and officials
received no other UFO reports for that
Astronomers Watch UFO
In Australia
Dr. H. Gallnow, Miss M. Mowat and
Professor Bart Bok, of the Mt. Stromlo
observatory, saw a brightly-lit object as
it sailed across the sky on 30 May 1963.
They watched it for a period of one min-
gave this description: It was
self-luminous and not glowing from re-
fleeting the rays of the sun.
orange-red in color and traveled from
west to east, passing almost directly over
the observatory. It could not have been
a meteor because it was far too slow and
did not leave a train that a meteor
its size would have made. It appeared
to be traveling too fast for a balloon. It
appeared to be below a light cloud and
did not change brightness in the 60 sec-
onds it was watched.
Professor Bok said the next day that
the object could have been a satellite,
but then pointed out that it was not one
normally seen at Mt. Stromlo, appeared
at the wrong time, and glowed far too
brightly for a normal satellite. The De-
partment of Civil Aviation said no planes
were in the area at the time.
Presumed Volcanic Activity
On Moon Reported
On November 27, 1963, observers at
Lowell Observatory at Flagstaff, Arizona,
reported that an eruption which was de-
scribed as being ruby red in color, took
place on the crest of the rim of the crater
Aristarchus.
The men who witnessed the event were
Dr. John S. Hall, Observatory Director,
Fred Dungan, scientific director,
and
James Greenacre and Edward Barr, both
lunar mappers. Both black and white as
well as
color photographs
were taken.
The duration of the observation was 1½
hours.
Previous to this observation on October
and Greenacre
had observed
three eruptions below the rim of the in-
ner wall of Aristarchus, the duration of
which was 20 minutes. In both the Oc-
tober 29 and November 27 events atmos-
pheric dispersion was ruled out
a
possible explanation. Volcanic activity is
presumed to be the cause in all the cases.
PAGE 5
It is interesting to note that Soviet Scien-
tist A. Kozyrev had reported similar ac-
tivity on the moon in 1960, but not in
the crater Aristarchus. His
observations
were not credited, however.
Balls Of Fire Seen In Mexico
At 4:27 a.m. on the 5th of August,
1963, residents of Zitacuaro, Michoacan,
left their beds to watch the passage and
maneuvering of several "balls of fire"
over the town. The objects maneuvered
in the sky for some time before finally
leaving at high speed.
Splitting Object Seen in NJ
Miss Alice Harney, age 16, of Tren-
ton, New Jersey, made an unusual UFO
sighting on the night of February 21,
1963. Time of night was not noted. The
object, which was seen out of a window,
was described
as a large blob of light.
Its distance was about 3 city blocks away
or possibly more and it was motionless.
No color was mentioned. The object be-
gan to move, stopped, then spit into two
small discs. These then moved away. The
sound to indicate the presence of any
APRO Member Sights
Green "Jet" In Jersey
At 5:20 p.m., on December 13, 1963,
member Michael J. Campione saw what
he described as a flying object resembl-
ing an Air Force jet trainer, but which
glowed with a light green phosphores-
cent color. To be more specific, the color
was close to "spring green," a classifica-
tion of crayon used in children's coloring
boxes. All around the outline of the ob-
ject was a fuzzy luminescence which was
also green.
(See
account of "Strange
Light Over Long Island" in September
issue-these two accounts are very simi-
lar).
The shape of the UFO was that of an
elongated
teardrop.
Two narrow wing-
like projections extended out from either
side of the fuselage in the same relative
position as wings on a conventional air-
craft. On each "wing tip" was
what re-
sembled a conventional wingtip fuel tank,
only it was shorter and "stubbier." The
machine showed no evidence of a tail
assembly.
The observation lasted 3 or 4 seconds.
Campione estimated that the distance
this object traveled was about 8 miles.
Coming from the WNW and heading SSE,
the UFO passed directly over the observ-
er. Its estimated altitude was 3,000 feet
and it made no noise.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 1068, "chars": 6676, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PAGE 6
Lights At Fond Du Lac, Wis.
During the week preceding 19 April
1963 strange lights were seen maneuver-
ing in the skies above Fond Du Lac. On
Wednesday night, patrons at a drive-in
theater saw about 20 objects. These ob-
jects were sometimes white or crimson
in color,
moved rapidly and now
and
then in formation from horizon to hori-
zon. The direction of travel was mostly
east to west. It was also noted that they
made sharp turns.
A spokesman for the Federal Aviation
Agency in Milwaukee
stated that the
objects could have been airplanes re-
fueling at high altitudes which would ex-
plain the lack of sound. The Agency had
received similar reports a week earlier
and had determined that in this case
they were airplanes, and most likely B58
supersonic bombers
erations over Wisensin on 1 April. But
(Editor's Note: It seems odd that an
exact identification was not made, for
surely the FAA would have known what
type of planes were, where and when.
This one sounds like another "possible"
identification).
1958 Encounter With UFO
On May 8, 1958 two sisters driving on
U.S. Route 19 at the Tarpon Springs
Road in Florida had a very peculiar ex-
perience. Miss Hazel Alverson and her
sister Mrs. Esther Freeman were driving
back to St. Petersburg from Brooksville.
At about 6:30 p.m., both women felt
pain in their faces and experienced con-
siderable eyestrain. The sourse of their
trouble apparently was an object in the
western sky, approximately in line with
the sun. Miss Alverson, an amateur pho-
tographer, checked the light intensity
of the object, which showed a reading
of 1600, as compared with the sun's read-
ing of 300. She took a photograph of the
object, which showed a lighted area, but
was too faint in the newscut to repro-
duce.
Record Breaking Cloud
Formation Over Southwest
At sunset on February 28, 1963, an
oval-shaped, ring-shaped cloud of
silv-
ery-white color
was observed by hun-
dreds of people in Arizona, New Mexico
and California. It was seen as far south
as Tueson, Arizona, Albuquerque in the
east and Los Angeles in the west. Its
diameter
was approximately 50 miles,
with the cloud's south end sweeping over
Flagstaff, Arizona. As night advanced,
THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN
it became apparent that the odd phe-
nomenon was luminous and not just
lighted by the sun.
Studies conducted by University of
Arizona Atmospheric Physics Lab Chief
Dr. James MacDonald showed its height
to be an incredible 149,000 feet or
45
kilometers. He stated that the cloud was
higher than any ought to be. In a con-
versation with Mrs. Lorenzen by
tele-
phone, he used the word "fantastic" to
describe the phenomenon.
The upper
limit for clouds composed of water drop-
lets or ice crystals is 42 kilometers, con-
siderable lower than the altitude of the
February formation. The highest known
clouds, which are designated as nacreous
or "mother-of-pearl" are usually observ-
ed only in arctic regions. They can reach
a height of 100,000 feet. Being shapeless
and formed by air moving up over moun-
tains into a region of severe cold, they
are the record-holders. It should be not-
that atmospheric conditions around
Flagstaff are not conducive to this type
During her conversation with Dr. Mac-
that he was checking with missile sites
to see if a high-flying missile might ac-
count for the formation but to date the
origin of the cloud has not been deter-
mined. It remains a mystery. It has been
suggested by many that the objeet might
have been extra-terrestrial in origin, or
in other words, a vapor trail (perhaps
"angel's hair") of sorts made by a high-
flying space craft.
Fireball Over Eastern
Seaboard
The night of March 25, 1963 produced
a brilliant fireball at about 10:00 p.m.,
which was seen by thousands of observ-
it passed over important cities
along the Eastern seaboard of the U.S.
Coming from the north, the object
over Allentown, Pottstown and
Philadelphia, Pa., Washington, D. C., and
Richmond, Va. It was also seen as
off this path as Harrisburg, Pa.,
Island, N. Y., and Newark, N. J.
The fireball was flying low when it
passed over Pottstown, Pa., and
Maryland's eastern shore. Most experts
felt that the object was a meteor. How-
ever, Mr. Christie Urvack, an electronics
engineer for the Air Force at the Cam-
den-Moorestown RCA plant, felt that the
object's trajectory was not correct for a
JANUARY, 1964
tail and appeared
as reddish-orange
sparks. The main object also emitted
flashes of light which were very bril-
liant. Hunting parties were organized to
search for the object as some witnesses
felt it had fallen to earth. However, no
trace of the object was found
Egg-Shaped Object in Ark.
Mr. Frank Hudson, from his home near
Huntsville, Arkansas, made an interest-
ing observation of an egg-shaped object
on 20 September 1963. At 6:55 p.m., CST,
conditions, the
was first seen moving very slowly west-
ward about 10 degrees above the South-
ern horizon, and was visible at first as
an over-size star-like object, its light be-
ing bright and steady. Through binocu-
lars the object appeared as an egg in
position so that the narrow part was
pointing toward the ground. Near the
top or large part of the object, was a
dark area which
intervals moved
downward toward what would be describ-
the middle part or midway be-
tween the two ends.
As time passed the object faded and
turned
to what was described as an
orange color before it disappeared.
Mr. Hudson said the object disappear-
ed because there was no sunlight shining
on the object or light emanating from it.
The possibility that this object may have
been a balloon of some kind has neither
been confirmed or disproved. Hudson has
seen similar objects on May 9 and 10,
1956 and on Otober 31, 1960.
Mysterious Explosion
At Tacoma
At approximately midnight on Decem-
ber 10, 1963, what sounded like an ex-
plosion was heard over a wide area of
Tacoma, Washington.
officials were unable to determine
the
cause. However, the usual number of in-
quiries were made by local citizens. No
Air Force planes were reported in the
area at the time.
Odd Shaped Object
Seen In Arkansas
Hunters and residents of Arkansas
County, Ark., observed a strange-shaped
UFO between 4:30 and 5:00 a. m. on
October 1, 1963. As viewed from widely
separated spots the object was described
as shaped like a "question mark," "a cyl-
inder with a shaft projecting downward"
and a "boomerang."
The object appeared white with a long
Seeing conditions were good
orange tail and turned a luminous blue
as
the
sky was cloudless. After appearing south-
green toward the latter part of its flight.
east of Dewitt, it hovered for several
Pieces appeared to break off from the minutes and then sped away.
