{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T06:05:00Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 10, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 353869, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127753-dpia-intelligence-module-3-covert-government-retrieval-and-handling-et-vehicles-may-21-2024.pdf", "source_sha256": "fe73bfc4522cf05e2a06d85aff6057962e8fd9863c3099de2ab8ac9f002f7947"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1838, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disclosure Project Intelligence Archive - Module Three
Executive Summary
Adapted from an oral presentation by Dr. Greer - March 2024
Covert Operations Concerning the Retrieval and Handling of Extraterrestrial
Vehicles.
This module is taken from a live event in March of 2024, and documents over 130 instances
where extraterrestrial objects have been downed and retrieved, revealing a significant
operational scope involving major defense contractors such as Northrop Grumman, Lockheed
Skunk Works, Boeing, and Raytheon. This operation utilizes advanced electrogravitic
technologies and electromagnetic pulse (EMP) weapons, indicating a high level of technological
advancement and capability.
The operations are supported by extensive underground bases, known as deep underground
military bases (DUMBs), which are equipped with sophisticated tunneling technologies and
high-speed transportation systems. These facilities are interconnected, allowing for rapid
movement and operations over large distances.
Despite the technological prowess displayed, these operations are shrouded in secrecy, raising
serious legal and ethical concerns. The unauthorized use of EMP weapons and stringent
protocols to maintain secrecy, including the erasure of evidence and personnel, suggest
potential violations of legal and constitutional boundaries.
The existence and scale of these operations have profound implications for governance,
accountability, and human-extraterrestrial relations. They underscore the need for greater
transparency and regulatory oversight, particularly concerning interactions with extraterrestrial
civilizations and the militarization of space.
This summary highlights the critical need to address the complex issues at the intersection of
national security, technology, and ethics in managing extraterrestrial encounters.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDIVIDUALS ARE NOW AUTHORIZED TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION WITHOUT FACING LEGAL
PENALTIES. The projects they may expose have been deemed illegal. Any supposedly
classified information related to these illegal projects can be brought forward, as these
classifications are considered invalid due to the unlawful nature of the projects themselves.
ANY POTENTIAL WHISTLEBLOWERS NOW HAVE PROTECTION. This protection removes any
previous barriers to coming forward with information, whether it involves material evidence
(bodies, metals, etc.), documents, or methods related to these undisclosed criminal
enterprises which legally LACK ANY LEGITIMATE NATIONAL SECURITY CLAIMS.
THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION, aimed at those who have been hesitant, by providing them the security
assurances needed to disclose information that could be crucial in addressing and correcting
clandestine and unauthorized activities.
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 2948, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In the archive, there are over 130 documented cases of extraterrestrial objects being downed,
crashing, and subsequently retrieved. These incidents suggest that it is not a matter of these
crafts being unable to navigate Earth's atmosphere. Given their origin from distant star
systems, the very idea defies scientific reason.
[see crash retrievals section]
These documented cases represent just a fraction of the actual occurrences, suggesting a much
larger, hidden reality. To illustrate the extent of secretive activities related to extraterrestrial
objects: shortly before Dr. Greer was critically injured in October 2023, he flew over a classified
airspace in the western United States with a senior operative keen on disclosing this
information to the public.
During this flight, they observed the underground entrance at the Lockheed Hallendale site,
indicating the scale and sophistication of operations involved in these matters.
[photo link]
The linked captured screenshots are from a video taken during a helicopter flight. The
helicopter was piloted by one of the top pilots in the world with Dr. Greer next to him and the
director of the strike team behind them. This event took place in August of 2023 as they were
flying over desert sites near Lockheed and Northrop facilities.
These sites are known for the emergence of man-made craft, which originate from
underground and ascend without needing a runway. They hover and then move across the
desert. These crafts are positioned over a diamond marker and subjected to tests to determine
if they are shielded against electromagnetic pulses. These tests are hazardous and can
sometimes result in fatal outcomes for the pilots.
[image links]
Due to their proximity to the site, there was concern about nearby security vans potentially
activating devices that could threaten their safety. This excursion clearly illustrates the risks
involved in these investigations, as well as the dual nature of activities at these sites: the testing
of man-made UFOs (ARVs - Alien Reproduction Vehicles) with advanced electrogravitic
technologies developed by major defense contractors like Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Skunk
Works, Boeing, and Raytheon, as well as the systems used to disable them.
The locations of numerous sites, including underground bases where operations are conducted
are well-known. When these sites go operational, typically during the night, the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) will establish a Temporary Flight Restriction (TFR) over the area.
These TFRs are not permanent but are enforced specifically when operations are active,
requiring pilots to navigate around the restricted zones.
The emotional impact of these operations became apparent when one of the operatives, who
has been involved for many years at a specific site, became tearful during a disclosure with Dr.
Greer. At least two extraterrestrial vehicles are intercepted and downed each year at this
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2351, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
location. This particular site, operational for about 40 years, is estimated to have been
responsible for the downing of over 80 extraterrestrial vehicles.
These are only two of many active sites, leading to an estimate that up to 160 extraterrestrial
vehicles could have been downed across these two sites alone over the years.
These interception and downing operations are not confined to one location but are a
widespread practice. Similar systems are in place at Pine Gap in Australia, across the western
United States, along the East coast at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida, the northern Nevada test
range, and remote areas around the Dugway Proving Grounds in Utah.
Interestingly, none of these incidents appear in the crash retrieval archives, suggesting a
significant gap in the public record of such encounters.
This briefing also contains a detailed module on the various facilities providing an extensive
look at the global capabilities of certain operations, emphasizing that these are not limited to
any one region but are widespread, extending across Europe, the oceans, Australia, South
America, and beyond.
Globally, over a thousand extraterrestrial vehicles have been downed, with their occupants
either killed, captured, or tortured.
If these extraterrestrial civilizations were hostile, they could have easily eradicated humanity,
especially considering the primitive state of human technology in the 1940s, such as vacuum
tubes.
This perspective was challenged during Dr. Greer's visit to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in
1993 by Colonel Kanola, who questioned the non-hostile nature of these beings. Despite
humanity's often reckless actions, the fact that people are still alive and free suggests that
these extraterrestrial beings are non-hostile.
These civilizations are likely not pleased with the current state of the world, particularly the
cowardice of leaders, the apathy of the populace, and the corruption within high-tech, illegal
operations. Their displeasure, though significant, has not reached a point where they wish to
annihilate humanity.
Yet.
A concerning threshold exists as human technologies continue to advance and expand
aggressively into space. There is a potential "red line" that could provoke a more severe
response from extraterrestrial civilizations if humanity becomes a broader cosmic threat.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2911, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Recall that the former head of the Lockheed Skunkworks, Ben Rich, once famously said, "We
have the means to take E.T. home."
A crucial point. It underscores the unsupervised and unsanctioned actions of the highest-tech
entities on the planet, acting with malice and aggression towards extraterrestrial civilizations.
Not all extraterrestrial beings come from a primate legacy like humans. Some have evolved
from species that lack any concept of organized war or murder, making them particularly
vulnerable to human aggressions. We humans are currently the problematic presence in the
universe, not the extraterrestrials.
The concept of false disclosure, a theme Dr. Greer previously explored in the 1990s in his paper,
"When Disclosure Serves Secrecy" outlines ongoing deceptive practices in the media, the UFO
subculture, Congress, and even at the presidential level, where extraterrestrial beings are
falsely portrayed as an invading, hostile force. This portrayal serves the interests of global
corporate, financial, and covert entities, which seek to unite the world around the concept of
an alien threat, a strategy conceived in the 1950s.
It is still their playbook today,
Intervening against a technologically advanced group requires immense courage. This group
possesses technology that far surpasses conventional military assets like the B-2 stealth
bomber, with capabilities that have been portable since at least the 1990s.
One team member was in Bosnia during the conflict in the Clinton era, where electromagnetic
pulse (EMP) weapons were used. These weapons, which violate the Nuclear Non-Proliferation
Treaty, were capable of disabling entire regiments by frying their electronics and vehicles,
effectively rendering their equipment useless and allowing for decisive military actions.
This technology has evolved significantly over the past 30 years. These EMP weapons, once
cutting-edge, are now so abundant that they could be metaphorically "pulled out of a
dumpster." These devices vary in their deployment; some are fixed, others are mobile, and they
can be mounted on aircraft, satellites, or ships.
A particularly grim aspect of these operations involves Temporary Flight Restrictions (TFRs),
under which private pilots occasionally enter restricted spaces and are subsequently taken out.
The protocol that Dr. Greer was made aware of involves not only taking down these aircraft but
also eliminating all on board, retrieving the wreckage, and disposing of it to the extent that the
remains are completely obliterated.
The severe protocols taken to erase evidence of downed aircraft and their occupants, referred
to as "biologicals," which include both humans and the aircraft itself, whether it be a Learjet,
Cessna, or any other type, highlights the extreme measures taken to maintain secrecy and
control within these covert operations. These disappearances are meticulously covered up
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2456, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
through operatives, called "cutouts," embedded in various agencies who file missing person
reports that deliberately omit the actual locations of these incidents.
More alarmingly, the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) beams, meant to be confined within
Temporary Flight Restricted (TFR) areas, occasionally extend beyond these boundaries,
inadvertently affecting and killing innocent people outside the designated zones.
Dr. Greer advises pilots to take extreme caution and detour widely around any TFRs they
encounter.
Despite the severity of these incidents, neither the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) nor
the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) investigates these disappearances and deaths, which
can be categorized as murders. Even those within these illegal covert operations are deeply
troubled by their actions, expressing disdain for their involvement with both extraterrestrial
entities and the harm inflicted upon innocent humans.
Many individuals entangled in these operations were recruited at a young age and now find
themselves unable to leave, trapped in roles they never anticipated. One such poignant
moment occurred between Dr. Greer and a security driver who thanked him for his efforts,
highlighting the sentiment that, while Dr. Greer is free to advocate for change, those within the
system are hopelessly confined
These individuals, many of whom are fundamentally good people caught in dire circumstances,
need to be liberated.
A witness designated as TE was one of the few people known to have escaped from a highly
dangerous situation in the Nevada test range, having nearly lost his life there.
[document link]
Currently, Dr. Greer is collaborating with another substantial group planning a similar escape,
an effort they refer to as "catastrophic disclosure."
The complexity of underground facilities can be likened to an ant hill, a term used in the
intelligence and aerospace communities. From the surface, these facilities might seem modest,
but beneath lies a vast labyrinth of structures and tunnels known as deep underground military
bases (DUMBs), which also include corporate and private sectors.
The construction of these tunnels is achieved by a nuclear-powered tunneling system that
utilizes intense heat to penetrate bedrock, effectively turning it into glass. This method creates
large, "glassified" tunnels and spaces; a process for which the original patent dated back to
1968 is the archives.
[document link]
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2685, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This sophisticated technology demonstrates the advanced capabilities utilized in constructing
these secretive underground installations.
The capabilities of this nuclear-powered tunneling system include efficiently sealing off water
and creating vast, secure tunnels underneath populated areas. A member of Dr. Greer's team
once entered a tunnel at Edwards Air Force Base and surfaced at Nellis, hundreds of miles
away, demonstrating the extensive reach of these tunnels.
This information has been provided to senior investigators for the Senate Intelligence and
Armed Services Committees, who, along with their senators, were previously unaware of these
facilities' existence.
This highlights the importance of this archive, serving as a critical operational resource for the
Senate, the Pentagon, the White House, and other governmental bodies. The vast majority of
personnel in these institutions - 99% according to estimates - are ignorant of these
underground systems.
This lack of awareness underscores the significant educational effort required to inform these
entities about the realities beneath them. The initial development of this tunneling technology
dates back to 1968, and is detailed in the official patent document, though the patent number
was not specified.
New Age groups in the 1980s were fascinated with a phenomenon featured on the cover of
Newsweek referred to as the "magical Taos hum."
[document link]
Taos is located just over 60 miles from Los Alamos. During this time an underground connector
was being constructed from Los Alamos to the Dulce area in the Four Corners region, a place
noted for its lack of visible surface entrances apart from a few antennas nearby. This extensive
base links to other covert facilities through these underground connectors and employ rapid
electromagnetic lift systems that facilitate quick transportation between various locations;
from Dulce to Los Alamos, Dugway in Utah, and both Nellis and Edwards Air Force bases.
Most U.S. presidents, and few if any members of Congress are aware of these operations. This
is alarming given that they are funded by U.S. taxpayer dollars through the illegal black budget.
This incident during construction of the tunnel from Los Alamos to Dulce became public
knowledge due to the audible humming and vibrations it caused, leading locals to describe the
phenomenon as the "earth singing." This misinterpretation of the sound, which was produced
by the covert tunneling system boring through the bedrock, shows the irony of human
assumptions and natural curiosity about unexplained phenomena. This event proves the
significant gap in public knowledge about such secretive projects.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2805, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These modules aim to serve as an executive briefing for presidents, senators, congressmen, and
media personnel, enabling them to quickly grasp the essentials of the information presented.
Skepticism and independent verification are encouraged by Dr. Greer. Reviewing the
testimonies, transcripts, and interviews of top-secret witnesses available in this archive, as well
as the over 800 videos, the official and uncontested documents, will bear out that the overall
significance of this collection lies not in Dr. Greer's personal role, but in the information
provided and its implications.
Our human existence is transient. Individuals may only be present on Earth for a century,
however the evidence they gather can prove timeless. It is this understanding that drives Dr.
Greer in his efforts to uncover hidden operations and agendas, providing the proof that many
seek.
One incident involved a witness who was intimidated and dissuaded from testifying to AARO,
the Senate Intelligence Committee, and possibly at a National Press Club event. This witness
had accidentally entered a classified area at the Dugway Proving Grounds, which, according to
the site map, operates as a hybrid facility with both corporate and government involvement.
A female Air Force officer, responsible for accounting and finances at Dugway, testified that
approximately 52% of the facility is controlled by various corporate contractors, with the
remaining 48% under government management. This hybrid structure complicates oversight
and accountability because any government or Department of Justice inquiry into the
operations there would predominantly encounter corporate, not government, activities.
[document link]
This, as much as anything, points to the crucial role of the corporate sector and the significance
of the military-industrial complex, a concept President Eisenhower famously addressed. The
term "industrial" refers to corporate entities because the government itself does not
manufacture anything.
Dr. Greer's uncle, who worked on the lunar module, emphasized that no part of the Apollo
missions was directly built by the U.S. government but was instead contracted out to
companies like Rockwell Aerospace, Grumman and others.
The system in place allows for illegal activities to be hidden within corporate entities, ensuring
that they do not appear in governmental records, even during audits. This strategy of shielding
unlawful actions under corporate veils is critical for Congress, the public, and the media to
understand.
There is testimony from an incident involving an accidental whistleblower, a man who
inadvertently accessed a restricted area due to a key badge error. This area had been hastily
constructed to house a captured extraterrestrial vehicle for reverse engineering. Upon entry,
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2401, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the man immediately had a gun put on him due to the sensitive nature of the operations,
including the dissection of ET bodies.
[document link]
Looking down on the Dugway Proving Grounds, the site might appear insignificant, marked only
by a line of porta-potties, but this is a misleading indicator of the extensive underground
facilities that lie beneath. Nearby was a substantial parking lot.
[image link]
The observations of Richard Foch, a senior scientist from the Naval Research Labs, noted large,
silent, triangular UFOs - man-made crafts or ARVs - emerging from these remote areas during a
night operation.
The massive underground complex at Dugway is so extensive that, according to a chief scientist,
it could accommodate Air Force One in just one small section of the facility.
[image link]
There are advanced transportation technologies, fast maglev trains, that link one deep
underground military base to another. These facilities are strategically deployed in various
locations, including one Dr. Greer has discovered that is not far from his current location.
Traditionally, major contractors like Bechtel Corporation and HIT construction have been
involved in their construction. These contractors may not always be aware of the specific
purposes of the structures they build, which are often connected by high-speed, high-tech
transportation links.
The strategic use of corporate entities to conceal governmental operations results in a complex
situation during investigations. When inquiries are made, corporations may deflect by asserting
that the operations are protected under government secrets with Top Secret/Sensitive
Compartmented Information (TSCI) clearances, thus claiming they are beyond the investigators'
need to know.
Conversely, government agencies might deny holding relevant information, suggesting it
resides within the corporate sector without explicitly admitting so.
This obfuscation creates a "hall of mirrors" effect, complicating oversight and accountability
efforts by entities such as Congress and auditing firms like KPMG. They find themselves unable
to uncover the truth by traditional means due to this strategic compartmentalization.
The importance of recognizing these patterns and understanding this intricate web is crucial
for anyone involved in intelligence analysis who wishes to unravel the secretive activities
underpinning these operations.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1815, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The complexity of the topics discussed - understanding the operational patterns and methods
used in covert projects - can help demystify their longstanding playbook.
A lieutenant colonel who managed pilots at Edwards Air Force Base and is responsible for
training pilots who operated manmade UFOs, has expressed his willingness to share his
knowledge openly. Dr. Greer introduced him to the Senate Intelligence and Armed Services
committees where he shared information. He is also eager to testify openly before the House
Oversight Committee, though responses from key members like Reps. Luna and Burchett have
not yet been received.
Having left the Air Force in 2009, the lieutenant colonel was extensively briefed on operations
not just at Edwards but also at Nellis and Area 51. He believes that since the operations he was
involved in were illegal, he is free to discuss them publicly and is ready to disclose everything he
knows in an open hearing under oath.
A constant challenge with members of the House Oversight Committee is their insistence on
using a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) for discussions, which suggests
these projects are legal and should be protected. They are not.
Instead, Dr. Greer advocates for transparency, urging the committee to conduct these
discussions openly in front of C-SPAN during an open hearing under oath, moving away from
secretive settings. Such an approach is only viable after thoroughly reviewing the evidence
provided by inverse witnesses and recognizing the illegality and unconstitutionality of the
projects involved.
If these programs are indeed illegal and unconstitutional, they do not qualify for protection
under the National Security Act or any other law. One cannot break the law and then use the
same law as a shield for protection.
10
