{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T17:35:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 24, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 625422, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127754-dpia-intelligence-module-4-disclosure-vip-correspondance-and-ufo-related-documents-may-21-2024.pdf", "source_sha256": "653698a0004ae216c079ace12c34b62e3a6426c448d475447eb5e607dd3fb9a8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2759, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disclosure Project Intelligence Archive - Module Four
Executive Summary
Adapted from an oral presentation by Dr. Greer - March 2024
Transparency is essential. Supposed secrets are not only known to adversaries, but they
restrict vital information from those who genuinely need it. The organization deploying these
technologies has them fully penetrated in real time regardless of their optics.
This module is taken from a live event in March of 2024 and highlights an extensive archive
containing historical VIP correspondences, reports, and documents related to UFOs and
extraterrestrial phenomena, prepared for U.S. Presidents and other high-ranking officials. The
archive demonstrates governmental and covert interest in these phenomena.
Dr. Greer sought to secure executive orders for releasing classified documents and protecting
witnesses during the Clinton administration. Efforts included detailed briefings with high-
ranking officials, aiming to challenge the secrecy surrounding UFOs. However, these meetings
faced denial and obfuscation from participants, reflecting entrenched resistance within
government and intelligence structures. Notable figures like Senators John Warner and Barry
Goldwater, despite their positions and influence, were constrained by counterintelligence
illustrating the depth of secrecy and the challenges of penetrating these barriers.
Dr. Greer's efforts extended internationally, involving briefings for British royalty, including
Prince Charles, and global figures such as Kofi Annan, then UN Secretary General. Attempts to
bring UFO and extraterrestrial discussions into public platforms like the United Nations were
systematically undermined by powerful covert operations, with threats and manipulation
preventing the realization of these plans. The involvement of Prince Hans-Adam of Liechtenstein
highlights the influence of eschatological beliefs on perceptions of extraterrestrial disclosure.
The archival documents reveal extensive manipulative tactics employed by covert operations,
including staged alien abductions and threats to high-profile figures to suppress information on
UFOs. Dr. Greer himself faced attacks with directed energy weapons, akin to those used in
staged alien abduction scenarios, showcasing the extreme measures taken to maintain secrecy.
Advanced surveillance and communication technologies capable of penetrating operational
security measures are discussed. These technologies interact with human consciousness at a
profound level, challenging conventional neuroscientific views and suggesting that
consciousness can manifest physical realities. Transparency in acknowledging these
technologies and their implications is emphasized as crucial for deeper understanding and
security.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 270, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This brief underscores the complex interplay between government secrecy, covert operations,
and the pursuit of transparency in the realm of extraterrestrial phenomena, highlighting both
historical efforts and ongoing challenges in the disclosure movement.
DPIA - 2024
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDIVIDUALS ARE NOW AUTHORIZED TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION WITHOUT FACING LEGAL
PENALTIES. The projects they may expose have been deemed illegal. Any supposedly
classified information related to these illegal projects can be brought forward, as these
classifications are considered invalid due to the unlawful nature of the projects themselves.
ANY POTENTIAL WHISTLEBLOWERS NOW HAVE PROTECTION. This protection removes any
previous barriers to coming forward with information, whether it involves material evidence
(bodies, metals, etc.), documents, or methods related to these undisclosed criminal
enterprises which legally LACK ANY LEGITIMATE NATIONAL SECURITY CLAIMS.
THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION, aimed at those who have been hesitant, by providing them the
security assurances needed to disclose information that could be crucial in addressing and
correcting clandestine and unauthorized activities.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2712, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This module involves a detailed examination of each category within the archive.
Currently, there are 14 categories available, with the expectation that this number may eventually
grow to 20. The order of review is not yet final due to ongoing website construction. However, the
focus for the current session is on one particular category. This category contains several
subcategories which include comprehensive reports, briefings, and documents prepared for the
president, among other content.
The components of the archive include books, conferences, meetings, and Project Starlight
documents from the 1990s. The section titled Historic VIP Correspondence contains eight pages of
communications with notable figures such as former President Clinton, Dorothy Ives, Burl Ives, and
Boutros Boutros-Ghali of the United Nations.
When the original CSETI site faced numerous cyber-attacks from various U.S. government agencies
and space companies, they were meticulously tracked and documented by the site's webmaster at
the time, Tony Craddock of Craddock Engineering.
Craddock, who once led the fourth-largest oil exploration corporation globally, recognized the
significance of these issues and became a committed supporter of the project for 25 years until his
passing
This historical context is vital because it counters the common belief that governmental agencies
have no interest in these matters. The archive now contains detailed records of these activities,
listing involvement from major entities such as the National Reconnaissance Office, the NSA, and
the CIA, among others.
The significance of tracking access to the CSETI site by various U.S. government agencies from
unofficial IP addresses since the early 1990s, is crucial for understanding the extent of governmental
interest in their activities.
A large collection of letters exchanged with President Clinton were mistakenly associated with a
non-existent "Rockefeller initiative," and actually pertain to the Project Starlight initiative, which Dr.
Greer began with Laurence Rockefeller's support.
In these letters, Mr. Rockefeller commits to networking and promoting the initiative with the newly
inaugurated President in 1993. Contrary to conspiracy theories, Dr. Greer's involvement was not
part of any secretive cabal but was a straightforward effort to advance understanding and
disclosure concerning extraterrestrial phenomena.
[documents link]
Laurence Rockefeller's role within his family was as a "Philosopher King" who was genuinely
committed to advancing the Disclosure Project. However, Rockefeller faced significant challenges, as
he was unknowingly surrounded by counterintelligence operatives embedded within his
organization.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 2931, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
During a visit to New York for meetings, Dr. Greer and his wife encountered Evan Galbraith, who
had served as the U.S. Ambassador to France under President Ronald Reagan, and his wife Bootsy
Galbraith, both of whom were deeply entrenched in New York's elite circles and were part of the
so-called "New York 100."
In a personal conversation at the Galbraiths' Upper East Side home, Evan Galbraith revealed that he
and a fellow Yale alumnus, William F. Buckley, had been recruited by the CIA in the 1950s.
Galbraith held prominent positions on the boards of LVMH, (Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy), and
Morgan Stanley, and even served as Ambassador to France. During his tenure in these roles, he
covertly worked for the CIA as a NOC. His wife, Bootsy, was also involved in the intelligence
community. Obviously covert operatives do not openly reveal their affiliations and this duplicity is
common.
This was unknown to Lawrence Rockefeller, then in his 80s. He was a philosopher and professional
philanthropist. He had intentions to donate his wealth for philanthropic causes but was
unknowingly betrayed rather strongly by the Galbraiths and others within his circle.
These diversions led his funding away from his intended philanthropic efforts to what were actually
psychological operations (Psyops) orchestrated by the agency. Laurence then became involved with
Dr. John Mack, a Harvard psychiatrist, among others, who were unknowingly part of the CIA Psyop.
The gravity of these disclosures and their implications are important for understanding covert
operations.
A briefing document Dr. Greer had prepared and provided to the President and the CIA Director,
referred to in their internal communications as the Best Available Evidence, or BAE-1, was a top
priority item within their archives.
[documents link]
The document was appropriated by Bootsy Galbraith and others from her circle. Sandy (Sandra)
Wright, who had connections with key figures including Butros Butros-Gali, the UN Secretary
General, and George Lamb, a long-time confidant of Laurence Rockefeller from Greenwich,
Connecticut, were pushed out of the picture.
Unbeknownst to Mr. Rockefeller, he was betrayed by those within his trusted social circle. As the
situation gained prominence, these malevolent actors subverted Mr. Rockefeller's philanthropic
intentions, demonstrating the challenges faced by philanthropists attempting to advance disclosure,
whose efforts are often compromised by counterintelligence operatives.
Eventually, Ms. Galbraith took control of the BAE. She employed ufologists to revise it, allowing her
to assert ownership by applying a copyright, and engaged a powerful New York City law firm to
prevent Dr. Greer from using his own work.
This astonishing betrayal is a recurring theme. Dr. Greer was astounded to find his intellectual
property claimed by others despite his intent to use it as open-source material, prioritizing truth
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2830, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
over money, power, or any other gain. Unfortunately, this commitment to truth rarely offers
practical rewards, a lesson Dr. Greer learned the hard way during the early 1990s.
By 1995, Dr. Greer had organized the gathering at Asilomar, funded and arranged by Laurence
Rockefeller. However, as noted in a previous module, this event was compromised by individuals
who infiltrated the initiative and misappropriated all the intellectual property, effectively burying it.
This experience served as an early induction into the harsh realities of pursuing the Disclosure
Project.
A report commissioned by the Department of Defense, ironically through the Coast Guard, was
conducted by the Arlington Institute, a military national security think tank located near the
Pentagon. John Peterson, the head of the institute, who previously had R. James Woolsey on his
board, oversaw this project.
The result of the investigation was a publication titled "The Road to 2012," created in the early
1990s. The report identified the UFO issue as a "wild card" in national security.
This label was attributed to the activities of Dr. Greer's CE5 group in Florida, which had successfully
made contact with extraterrestrial entities, resulting in the appearance of four unidentified objects.
Recognizing the reality of these events, the report highlighted the potential of a civilian group to
make contact with these civilizations, which could bypass traditional national security measures.
This scenario represents a form of ultimate disclosure, where individuals directly engage with
extraterrestrial beings independently of governmental oversight.
However, there is significant risk involved: when extraterrestrial objects materialize in three
dimensions, they could be targeted and neutralized by scalar weapons.
This letter details that Operation Starlight was perceived as a significant threat to the existing
power structures and influential figures around the world would take extensive measures to
obstruct his initiatives.
[document link]
Dr. Greer received a letter via FedEx on December 3, indicating a serious tone about the
potential repercussions of his actions. This correspondence preceded a critical meeting
scheduled for December 13, 1993, which had already been the subject of prior discussions and
tentative plans.
[document link]
During the meeting, it seemed that those present, including the then-CIA Director Woolsey,
may not have fully recalled the contents of the letter. Subsequently, Woolsey's departure from
his role led to misleading public statements about the meeting's intent, asserting that Dr. Greer
had misrepresented the events.
However, the letter explicitly stated that the meeting's purpose was tied to inquiries from the
president and the CIA director, who felt inadequately informed about certain issues.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2634, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This is the typical trajectory of individuals in high-stakes covert operations. Many start with
integrity but become compromised and corrupted by the system.
In this case, there was no ambiguity about the meeting's occurrence, its purpose, or the
discussions that took place. Dr. Greer did not abandon his responsibilities as an emergency
doctor nor did he travel merely for a casual dinner; the meeting had significant motives,
involving discussions with key figures like John Peterson and the CIA director.
This multi-hour briefing held with important officials was later denied and covered up by those
involved.
During the Clinton administration, Dr. Greer tried to secure a series of executive orders aimed
at releasing classified documents and protecting witnesses; initiatives similar to those being
attempted currently, 30-years later.
The June 1995 Asilomar gathering in California included prominent individuals such as
astronaut Edgar Mitchell and others with backgrounds in the KGB, CIA, and direct involvement
with historical events like the Roswell crash. Although the recordings from the Asilomar
gathering were thought to have been lost, they were preserved and are stored in the DPIA
archive.
[document link]
The Asilomar meeting culminated in a letter dated June 4, 1995, addressed to the president,
signed by several attendees including Bootsy Galbraith, Sandy Wright, George Lamb,
Astronaut Edgar Mitchell, Dr. Brian O'Leary, and Dr. Greer himself. The letter emphasized the
gathering's outcomes and urged the president to release individuals from their national security
obligations. By expressing his long-held belief that certain projects were being run
unconstitutionally and illegally, Dr. Greer assessed that the president should declare this via an
executive order.
[document link]
This was a "Hail Mary" - a last attempt before shifting focus towards Congress and then to the
public through the open disclosure project event in 2001.
In 1996, a year after these concerted efforts, Dr. Greer analyzed and documented why the
national security oaths and nondisclosure agreements (NDAs) related to UFO information were
essentially invalid. This document marked his initial attempt to compile and present evidence
supporting this claim, which expanded over several pages.
[document link]
Dr. Greer had convinced his team and aimed to demonstrate to the President that the secrecy
surrounding UFO projects was not only unwarranted but illegal. This lack of transparency
extended to high-ranking military officials, and influential members of the Senate, all of whom
were denied access to pertinent information.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2713, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An official release from their NDAs for anyone involved with the UFO subject did not
materialize. It was an effort to provoke decisive action from the executive branch.
Former President George H.W. Bush had reportedly exerted direct pressure on President
Clinton, leading to a retreat from any overt official actions. Instead, covert operations such as
the red, blue, and black team activities at Nellis and other locations were carried out.
A significant letter from 1996 addressed to the President involved key committee members and
was part of an expanded effort to engage more contacts, including Daniel Goldin, the director
of NASA.
[document link]
Not all key figures were fully informed about the details of the UFO disclosure efforts, including
the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and others. By then, a new Director of
Central Intelligence had been appointed, and notable figures such as Secretary of Defense
William Perry, National Security Advisor Tony Lake, Vice President Al Gore, Secretary of State
Warren Christopher, and General Shalikashvili, who was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
were being solicited to support the disclosure effort.
This phase was an intelligence assessment, aimed at determining the validity of the national
security oaths that were believed to be unlawfully binding on these officials. This assessment
was part of a broader due diligence process before launching a public, non-governmental
disclosure initiative.
The goal was to ensure that every necessary procedural step was taken and that all individuals
in the constitutional chain of command were informed and given the opportunity to act before
proceeding with public disclosure.
This period of activity also involved preparing and sending key documentation, such as the
"Road to 2012" report from John Peterson's Arlington Institute and other briefing materials to
important decision makers.
[document link]
Unfortunately, some of these documents were later misappropriated and copyrighted without
Dr. Greer's consent.
During these efforts, Dr. Greer was in constant communication with a Department of Defense
Navy intelligence officer on his team, who is unnamed to maintain confidentiality. This officer
was not only kept informed about the outcomes of significant meetings but was also
instrumental in arranging further meetings with senior Defense Department officials.
One crucial document was sent to the head of intelligence for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, known as
12. At that time, this position was held by Admiral Cramer. In the archives is a letter countering
any claims that Dr. Greer had not had significant meetings with a division at Wright-Patterson
AFB that dealt with UFOs.
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2454, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[document link]
The detailed discussions with a Colonel at the Foreign Aerospace Science and Technology
Center in Wright-Patterson included officials from J2 and Wright-Patterson personnel, was for
deconfliction. This document not only outlined the reasons for the meeting but also confirmed
its existence.
In April 1997, another J2, Admiral Tom Wilson, agreed to a formal stand-up briefing at the
Pentagon.
[document link]
The existence of this paper trail supports the occurrence of these meetings, countering claims
by skeptics, counterintelligence operatives, and others who attempted to discredit the
Disclosure Project by denying these activities.
Dr. Greer was then invited by Congressman Cox to come to his home district in Orange County
to brief him on these matters. The briefing was organized by a prominent member of the
Orange County community who clarified beforehand that Congressman Cox, despite his
influential role on the House Science and Technology Committee, was unfamiliar with the topic
at hand.
Historically, some members of this committee, like Congressman Brown of California in the
1960s, had been privy to classified information.
The briefing aimed to educate and possibly enlist Congressman Cox's support. A letter sent in
conjunction with this meeting noted the lack of briefing for the CIA director and referenced a
conversation with Dick D'Amato, Chief Counsel for the Senate Appropriations Committee.
D'Amato described the covert programs as the "varsity team" of secrecy.
[document link]
These efforts were part of Dr. Greer's broader strategy to inform key figures about
constitutional issues arising from the secrecy surrounding advanced technology within covert
programs.
The significance of these technologies, potentially the most crucial scientific advancements of
the last century, underscored the importance of informing the members of the Science and
Technology Committee. Access to such classified information was typically restricted to
individuals who had demonstrated their ability to maintain secrecy. This practice often occurred
at the expense of broader governmental transparency and public trust.
Congressman Cox, who later became the head of the SEC under President George W. Bush,
verified that he had never been briefed on the subject despite his years on relevant
congressional committees. At the end of their meeting, he inquired about the locations of the
facilities and corporations involved.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2508, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This prompted the creation of the "Cox Memo"
, which initially listed the tacilities and
corporations involved and was later expanded significantly. The document now includes details
on 151 sites, with more information continually being added.
[Cox memo link]
This list could grow to several hundred entries over the next year as new information surfaces
each month.
Sandy Wright, a socialite very attuned to these issues at the time, was instrumental in
arranging a meeting between Dr. Greer and then-UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali
and his wife, Lea. The Ghali's who were Egyptian, were supportive of the subject and keen to
discuss these matters further.
The involvement of Ms. Galbraith, who was co'd on the correspondence due to her being in the
same circle of friends, led to a subsequent meeting in New York. The gathering took place at the
residence of novelist Judith Green. Although the UN Secretary General was unable to attend,
his wife was present among the other notable attendees.
During this salon, Dr. Greer engaged in significant conversations that were not documented due
to their private nature. However, after some have passed on, details emerged, like the funding
of the Egyptian government to explore beneath the Sphinx, believed by some to house
chambers containing extraterrestrial artifacts. This expedition was part of efforts dating back to
1994 or earlier, involving the use of early fiber optic technology to explore these chambers.
Compared to the great pyramids of Giza, the Sphinx is considerably older. Dating from the
Antediluvian period, it predates many known historical events, such as massive floods, as
evidenced by watermarks on its structure.
The head of the expedition, the then-head of antiquities in Egypt, was covertly affiliated with
the CIA, a fact that only became apparent later. What they found, they absconded with and
handed it over to these compartmented covert programs.
Lea Butros-Gali was certain significant artifacts that had once been housed within the chambers
beneath the Sphinx, were no longer there.
Following this salon, she organized a distinguished gathering at the United Nations where Dr.
Greer was invited to present information on extraterrestrials, UFOs, and the potential for peace
in space to a select group of diplomats and UN leadership. The goal was to garner support for
international disclosure efforts.
The effort was ultimately unsuccessful, and the Secretary General subsequently vacated his
position at the UN.
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2698, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There are deep familial connections that often underpin the covert organizations responsible
for maintaining secrecy around certain intelligence activities.
From Virginia, Senator John Warner was notably a member of the Majority Joint Intelligence
Committee (MAJIC), served as Secretary of the Navy, and later ascended to a senior role as a
U.S. Senator, actively involved in the Armed Services and Intelligence committees.
These connections extended into his personal life. Senator Warner was initially married to the
daughter of Paul Mellon, a key figure in the founding of the CIA alongside Alan Dulles, and
linked to earlier discussions about a Nazi disc. After his divorce, he married actress Elizabeth
Taylor; another example of his high-profile connections.
Warner was also involved with a friend of Dr. Greer's, Sandy Wright. Intrigued by these
connections and what they might imply about Warner's knowledge of covert operations, he
asked Wright to subtly inquire about Warner's involvement during one of their outings.
The response Warner provided is indicative of his training in counterintelligence, reflecting
techniques taught at a facility colloquially known as "The Farm." This site is well-known within
covert circles as a place where operatives are trained to effectively deceive, including passing lie
detector tests.
One specific counterintelligence technique is used to divert conversations away from sensitive
topics. This method involves listening to a question they prefer not to address, then seamlessly
continuing the conversation by picking up from the last word of their previous statement,
effectively ignoring the question.
Senator Warner displayed this technique during a discussion when he simply bypassed a
sensitive question posed by Sandy Wright, returning to the previous topic as if the interruption
had never occurred.
This method of conversation control is a result of intensive training designed to allow
operatives to manage discussions and maintain secrets effectively. This is not merely an
incidental skill but part of a comprehensive training program.
In ongoing correspondence concerning how to proceed with discussions involving the UN
Secretary General, one particular letter to Lea Boutros-Ghali, Dr. Greer detailed the
involvement of Lawrence Rockefeller, who was copied on this correspondence. Certain names
mentioned in the letter were redacted for privacy.
[document link]
Senator Barry Goldwater, the senior senator from Arizona who ran for president in 1964
following the assassination of President Kennedy, and lost by a landslide to Lyndon Johnson,
was known for his openness about such meetings, which others have sometimes claimed never
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2646, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
happened. Documentation from January 1984 following a meeting serves as evidence to the
contrary.
[document link]
This has happened over and over in Dr. Greer's personal experiences over the past thirty years.
Dr. Greer visited Senator Goldwater in Scottsdale, Arizona, accompanied by his liaison. Senator
Goldwater had retired, and his Senate seat had been taken by Senator John McCain. The
archive contains a substantial section dedicated to Senator Goldwater, featuring multiple
letters and correspondence.
[document link]
During their meeting, Dr. Greer and Senator Goldwater, a general in the Air Force Reserves,
discussed General Curtis LeMay. LeMay, known for his extreme military strategies, was
recommending to the senator that when Goldwater became president he should use
thermonuclear weapons to end the Vietnam War.
This association with LeMay influenced public perception of Goldwater during his presidential
campaign, particularly due to Lyndon Johnson's campaign ads in 1964 that leveraged the fear of
nuclear war, significantly impacting Goldwater's public image and electoral prospects.
Senator Goldwater expressed his certainty about the existence of unexplained phenomena,
despite never being officially briefed on the matter during his tenure as head of the Republican
Party, a presidential nominee, and a senior member of both the Senate Intelligence and Armed
Services Committees.
As a World War II veteran and a general in the Air Force Reserves, Goldwater had heard
firsthand accounts from pilots, who he affectionately referred to as "flyboys," about their
extraordinary encounters. These stories were typically informal and not part of any official
briefing.
Goldwater's high-ranking status made him curious about the classified aspects of these
encounters. He was particularly interested in accessing a secure area known as the "blue room"
at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. This area supposedly housed extraterrestrial materials and
remains from incidents dating back to the 1940s and 1950s.
When Senator Goldwater asked General LeMay, who was the Chief of Staff of the Air Force at
the time, for access to this sensitive area, LeMay's response was emphatically negative. It was
highly restricted, even to a senior senator and potential presidential candidate. LeMay himself
no longer had access and threatened severe repercussions if Goldwater pressed the issue again.
It effectively silenced Goldwater on the matter.
Towards the end of one meeting, Senator Goldwater, said to Dr. Greer, "It was a goddamn
mistake then, and it's a goddamn mistake now that this was ever handled by the military in a
covert way."
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2635, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In 1994, Goldwater again asked how he could help. Dr. Greer provided a briefing document,
seeking Goldwater's assistance in reaching out to members of a covert committee involved with
these issues. Despite listing several prominent figures involved in the operations, including Dick
Cheney, Henry Kissinger, and George H.W. Bush, Goldwater did not have personal connections
with most of them. He did, however, with Admiral Bobby Ray Inman. Goldwater recognized
him as a long-time friend.
This connection was particularly significant because Inman was a key figure within the Majority
Joint Intelligence Committee (MAJIC), holding a high position, #2, in the hierarchy of those privy
to classified information regarding extraterrestrial matters.
Senator Goldwater agreed to contact Admiral Inman so Dr. Greer could discuss his needs
directly with the Admiral. Admiral Inman had served as the Director of the National Security
Agency and Deputy Director of the CIA and was deeply knowledgeable about classified
operations, though he publicly denied such involvement.
[document link]
After receiving a letter from her father, Joanne Goldwater contacted Dr. Greer to convey that
her father could no longer facilitate such communications. She indicated that Admiral Inman
had issued a stern warning to Senator Goldwater, implying threats to his entire family's safety.
[document link]
Senator Goldwater realized that the risks associated with pursuing these matters were even
greater than he had been led to believe by General Curtis LeMay. As a result, the efforts known
as the Goldwater Initiative were discontinued.
Senator Goldwater, who has since passed away, provided significant insights during the
meeting that underscored his unique position as an inverse witness - the term Dr. Greer uses to
describe individuals who, despite their high-ranking statuses and clearances, are kept out of the
loop on certain classified projects.
Goldwater, a former presidential nominee, head of the Republican Party, and founder of the
conservative pro-military movement, served as a general in the Air Force Reserves and chaired
key Senate committees. Despite these credentials, he was not privy to certain information and
faced threats when he inquired about sensitive matters, initially from General Curtis LeMay and
later from Admiral Bobby Inman following the meeting at his home with Dr. Greer described
above.
These incidents are critical data points that could help a special law enforcement investigator
prove that some projects operate outside legal bounds and are insubordinate to both the chain
of command and the U.S. Constitution.
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2550, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
And there are hundreds of these examples.
Correspondence with Lord Hill-Norton, also deceased, expresses interest in meeting to discuss
these issues. This led to a subsequent meeting in England, which furthered their dialogue until
Lord Hill Norton's death.
Despite his high-ranking positions as head of the Ministry of Defence (MOD), MI5, MI6, and the
Military Committee for NATO, and his status as a five-star admiral, he was also an inverse
witness, having never been briefed on certain classified matters. This lack of access serves as
another crucial data point highlighting the widespread issues of secrecy and legality within
these covert programs, not just within the United States but globally.
Lord Hill-Norton was particularly distressed by his exclusion from critical knowledge, which
echoes the frustration felt by many high-ranking officials.
[document link]
These documents and correspondences are archived and accessible as undeniable proof of
these meetings and the substantial discussions that took place, countering the misinformation
spread by those who seek to undermine the credibility of important disclosures.
Ingo Swann was recognized as the premier remote viewer for the CIA and was known for his
precision in that role. Swann authored a book titled Penetration which, despite its provocative
title, delves into the capability to consciously access distant locations through remote viewing, a
practice that has spanned many decades.
[image link]
Swann, along with Dr. Russell Targ - a laser physicist at Lockheed who was drawn into the same
operation - participated in these programs. Dr. Targ has since become one of the witnesses
interviewed for the documentary Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind.
[documentary film link]
In 1995, Swann expressed admiration for Dr. Greer's work, as he was the only one using the
science of consciousness for constructive purposes. Swann was deeply troubled by how his
unique capabilities had been exploited by covert interests.
As Swann aged, he expressed significant regret for the paths he had chosen in his youth, driven
by the allure of importance and the flattery and inducements offered to him. The covert
operations Swann and Russell Targ were involved in were only part of a larger framework, one
that Swann had not been fully informed about.
These more advanced programs involved the Technology Assisted Consciousness and
Consciousness Assisted Technology Systems (TAC/CAT); realms that Swann and his
contemporaries like Targ, Ed Dames and Hal Putoff had never been privy to.
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2655, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Greer knew about these advanced systems through contacts that operated these
technologies, understanding where and how they functioned. This knowledge spanned various
high-tech and low-tech methods of interfacing consciousness with technology, including
psychotronics, radionics, and scalar remote influencing - techniques that could enable a
person to remotely perceive distant locations, or even the far side of celestial bodies.
Swann had demonstrated remarkable accuracy in this during his remote viewing sessions,
seeing celestial bodies and moons that had not been detected by telescopes.
These capabilities have evolved into more routine and reproducible interactions between
technology and consciousness, referred to as P3 operations, involving psychic telepathy and
telekinesis. Emerging technologies like Elon Musk's Neuralink are similar, but on a more
sophisticated level. Thoughts directly interact with technology beyond conventional
electromagnetic means, using the quanta of thought within the consciousness field.
These advanced communications systems bridged the gap between Swann's previous
understanding and the current state of technology interfacing with consciousness, which Swann
has never been read into.
The reason authorities allowed discussions on remote viewing to progress rather than silencing
those involved was to focus public attention on what seemed like a pop culture phenomenon.
This strategy effectively distracted from more classified developments in TAC/CAT systems
which originated in the 50s, 60s, and 70s.
These were far more secretive than the conventional remote viewing programs managed by the
CIA and the Monroe Institute with Robert Monroe. Thus, the well-publicized CIA remote
viewing program served merely as a storefront, diverting attention from where the significant
advancements were occurring.
Ingo Swann in his youth, had not grasped the full implications of his involvement in these covert
programs and passed away regretting his participation, recognizing it as nonsensical and
lamenting his role.
Transitioning to royal interests, Dr. Greer had flown to the UK on several occasions to deliver
briefing materials for Prince Charles. Both Prince Charles and Prince Philip had a pronounced
interest in such matters, spurred by an incident reported by Lord Mountbatten, where an
unidentified craft landed on his estate.
[document link]
This incident had heightened the Princes' curiosity, leading them to subscribe to the Flying
Salsa Review, a publication started by a former British intelligence officer named Gordon
Creighton. He is one of the Disclosure Project witnesses.
[document link]
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2497, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
During this interview, Creighton confirmed that Prince Philip and Prince Charles had been
dedicated subscribers to the Flying Salsa Review for many years.
In 1992, a conference in Atlanta which included the head of army intelligence and
representatives from the CIA and NSA as well as Special Forces General Stubblebine, also saw
the participation of a friend of Prince Charles from his close circle: Lady Cawdor of Cawdor
Castle in Scotland, associated by name with Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Lady Cawdor explained her connection to Prince Charles and inquired if Dr. Greer could share
his work with the Prince. Of course, Dr. Greer agreed and, after providing materials to Lady
Cawdor, he prepared additional documents for Prince Charles himself.
[document link]
Actor James Cromwell, known for his roles in films like L.A. Confidential and Babe, participated
in a related film, Star Trek: First Contact. Cromwell had been cast to play the role of Dr. Greer in
a sequence that showed a human making first contact with extraterrestrial intelligence in the
modern era.
Dr. Greer invited Cromwell to a CE contact expedition outside Palm Springs, where they
witnessed a craft descending and moving audibly overhead. This experience showed Cromwell
and others the extraterrestrial's responsiveness under the right conditions.
Cromwell attended the film's grand premiere at Royal Albert Hall in London, where Prince
Charles was also present. During the event, Cromwell discreetly carried a comprehensive
briefing document, which he intended to present to Prince Charles, though protocol dictated
that such documents should be handed to an assistant rather than directly to a dignitary.
This is the acknowledgment received for the briefing document.
[document link]
Prince Charles, now King Charles IlI, is known for his significant interest in these issues.
Information regarding Queen Elizabeth II and her awareness of such matters remained
uncertain.
Kofi Annan, who had served as the UN Secretary-General, was very open to Dr. Greer and his
work. Initially, the National Press Club Event of May 9th,
', 2001, was planned for the Great Hall
and the General Assembly of the United Nations.
In the lead-up, Dr. Greer had multiple discussions with Kofi Annan's right-hand person, the
most senior diplomat from South Korea. The suggestion to hold a dinner was initially floated
but later expanded into a more ambitious plan for a public disclosure event at the UN. And Kofi
Annan had endorsed this plan.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2589, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The event was cancelled after counterintelligence operatives intervened and directly
threatened to defund and effectively dissolve the United Nations if the meeting went ahead as
planned.
Even global institutions like the United Nations are not immune to pressure and manipulation
by powerful covert entities. Consequently, the event was relocated and held at the National
Press Club instead, a decision made in the shadow of these stark revelations.
In 2009, President Sarkozy of the French Republic expressed a keen interest in Dr. Greer's work
and authorized his Ministry of Defense to delve into this area and gather relevant information.
This directive was part of a broader engagement with phenomena that had previously been
explored in the French COMETA Report.
This comprehensive report, which involved contributors like Chapelle and GEIPAN (the French
equivalent of NASA), is archived along with other significant cases.
[document links]
Dr. Greer did not have a direct meeting with President Sarkozy, but he closely collaborated with
the top officials of the French Ministry of Defense, including Admiral Pierre Moran. Admiral
Moran, an accomplished individual with a PhD in physics and recipient of the prestigious
Ampere Prize, was charged with overseeing this initiative.
The engagement went beyond mere information gathering. At the behest of President Sarkozy,
the French Ministry of Defense embarked on a project to facilitate peaceful interstellar contact,
aligning with the principles of the CE5 contact protocols.
Dr. Greer was invited to France to lead this training, furthering the efforts to establish
diplomatic and peaceful contacts with extraterrestrial entities under the auspices of the French
government.
In the archives is a section dealing with this "French connection" which includes some of the
most pivotal documents pertaining to engagements with extraterrestrial contact initiatives.
Among these, the most significant is a letter from the French Ministry of Defense (MOD).
[document link]
This letter outlines a commitment to engage in a long-term project aimed at establishing
peaceful contact between humans and extraterrestrial civilizations, to be approached both
scientifically and diplomatically.
This correspondence is noteworthy for its historical and diplomatic value, reflecting the French
tradition of diplomacy where French was once the lingua franca.
This initiative was particularly challenging due to external pressures. During the setup of a
contact expedition, all communications, including emails and faxes, were intercepted. At one
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2556, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
point, the French ambassador to the United States received a direct threat from someone
within the U.S. intelligence community, warning against proceeding with the plans on or near
U.S. soil.
Dr. Greer advised the ambassador to assert the sovereignty of the French Republic and proceed
with the planned activities on French soil. Undeterred by the threats, the French team
proceeded with the planned CE contact event, which allowed public participation.
Sixty people attended this event, a large number for such engagements at that time. The venue
for this event was provided by the Aubin family, noted in historical records as one of the
founding families of the French Republic and linked to the revolutionary act of the beheading of
Marie Antoinette.
Their ancestral property in Brittany, once sprawling over 22,000 acres but reduced to 2,200 due
to financial strains, hosted the event. The manor house and the surrounding fields served as the
backdrop for this significant encounter.
Embedded within the group was Admiral Moran alongside his aides, casually dressed in plaid
shirts to blend in with the rest of the participants so no one knew these were high-ranking
officials from the French Ministry of Defense, authorized by the President of France to partake
in this groundbreaking expedition. Security was tight around the estate, with a perimeter
established and radar in place to monitor any unusual activity.
The week turned out to be extraordinary, marked by several phenomenal extraterrestrial
contact events. Participants witnessed what appeared to be a trans-dimensional object in the
field, described as a moving rainbow, an image captured in a fleeting photograph.
[image link]
Radar tracked fast-moving objects overhead, traveling at speeds of approximately 200,000
kilometers per hour, making sharp maneuvers that were just visible with the aid of night vision
scopes.
The official cover for this remarkable gathering was a CE5 training event.
This approach to engaging with extraterrestrial phenomena was methodical, aiming to shift the
global stance from a militaristic to a diplomatic and peaceful engagement. Unfortunately, the
change in political climate with President Sarkozy's election loss and the subsequent
deterioration of Admiral Moran's health due to cancer meant that the promising initiative they
started did not reach its full potential.
It's been 15 years since those efforts.
On March 28, 1994, Dr. Greer received communication from the Palace in Liechtenstein, a
notable financial hub and a sovereign city-state.
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2577, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
[document link]
The banking sector in Liechtenstein, historically noted for its significant financial support to the
Third Reich, remains a crucial hub for covert and controversial financial activities.
Dr. Greer was introduced to Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein through a mutual
acquaintance. The prince was deeply involved in efforts to counter corruption associated with
Laurence Rockefeller and was also engaged in theoretical plans for the 'Star Wars'
interplanetary war scenario.
The prince sent Dr. Greer a cryptic letter, acknowledging receipt of an earlier correspondence
and expressing a cautious stance towards the proposed policy changes under the Clinton
administration concerning these sensitive subjects. He conveyed his support for the initiatives
but remained skeptical about their success. He suggested a meeting in Europe rather than the
United States, citing the sensitive nature of the discussions.
Following this exchange, Dr. Greer and the Prince attempted to coordinate a meeting. Due to
Dr. Greer's commitments as an emergency doctor and chair of emergency medicine, he could
not travel to Europe as easily as he would have liked.
However, the opportunity for a meeting eventually presented itself when the Crown prince
planned a visit to the United States to meet with Laurence Rockefeller that July.
[document link]
Before their face-to-face meeting, Dr. Greer and the prince had a profound phone discussion
about the disclosure of extraterrestrial intelligence. The prince revealed his reservations,
suggesting that extraterrestrial beings themselves would not permit full disclosure. They
needed to talk about this in person.
In July of 1994, their schedules finally aligned. The prince elaborated on his concerns, explaining
that his perspective was shaped by a lack of access to the most secretive compartmented
projects that dealt with fabricated alien abductions and other deceptive activities. To him,
much of what was purported as genuine extraterrestrial contact was misleading, akin to fool's
gold.
During the presidency of George H. W. Bush, the prince was part of a working group that
included President Bush, Pérez de Cuéllar, the then Secretary General of the UN, and other
high-level officials. The goal was to publicly disclose information about extraterrestrials; most
likely by staging a false flag operation and alleging an alien attack.
The plans for disclosure were ultimately thwarted by internal divisions within the Majority Joint
Intelligence Committee (MAJIC), a group of 200-300 key members, all highly fractured.
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2687, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pérez de Cuéllar experienced a dramatic late-night incident, directly conveyed to Dr. Greer by
the Prince: an orchestrated event disguised as an alien abduction.
The alleged abduction was leaked to the UFO subculture by Bud Hopkins, who described it as
the abduction of a high-level international figure, without naming anyone. The orchestration
involved sophisticated manipulation and a notable figure from the Roswell incident - a red-
headed sergeant who had notoriously threatened witnesses. This sergeant's son was
strategically placed in the security detail for de Cuéllar to facilitate the deception.
The staged abduction occurred as they were leaving a late-night meeting in Manhattan around
3 a.m. The Secretary General was forcibly removed from his limousine and placed onto what
was purported to be an alien spacecraft, which in reality was one of the human-made Alien
Reproduction Vehicles (ARVs).
During this staged event, the counterfeit extraterrestrials threatened that if the planned
disclosure proceeded, every world leader involved, including the President of the United States,
would be similarly abducted.
This threat was conveyed to the Bush White House and reportedly caused a significant uproar.
The resulting fear and uncertainty led to the immediate cessation of all efforts related to the
disclosure initiative.
There were a few notable events involving President George H. W. Bush where he reportedly
encountered UFOs while out on his cigarette speedboat. These UFOs appeared menacing,
leading to his security detail taking swift action to ensure his safety.
These were not extraterrestrial vehicles; they were our own highly classified ARVs.
Despite his high-ranking position, President Bush was considered relatively moderate within
these circles, especially compared to figures like Admiral Bobby Ray Inman known for his
hardline stance. This backdrop of deception and intrigue is why Prince Hans-Adam of
Liechtenstein was so pessimistic in his correspondence.
He was led to believe that extraterrestrial beings themselves would prevent any disclosure, not
realizing that the events he referenced were part of an elaborate ruse orchestrated by human
agencies - what the intelligence community refers to as "stagecraft."
Prince Hans-Adam of Liechtenstein was deeply involved with the abduction community,
significantly funding figures like Bud Hopkins, John Mack, and David Jacobs, who were
prominent within that field.
Curious about the Prince's motivations, Dr. Greer learned of his financial support to an extreme
faction within the Vatican known as Opus Dei, characterized by rigorous, even severe, spiritual
disciplines including self-flagellation.
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2920, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The prince hosted masses in his castle's chapel, attended by the Pope. He shared a radical
eschatological belief that Armageddon, envisioned as an interplanetary war, was a necessary
apocalypse to precipitate the second coming of Christ. According to his belief, the Earth must
face near-total destruction for Christ to return and for the faithful to ascend in the rapture.
This perspective highlights how deeply held beliefs can influence actions and decisions, often
overriding factual evidence. In this case, Prince Hans-Adam's convictions about eschatology and
extraterrestrial engagement led him to support the dissemination of abduction narratives,
under the impression that these efforts were part of a larger, divine plan.
The prince had been cleverly misled, not realizing that these events were intricately staged by
covert operations using advanced technologies. These technologies included man-made craft
and beings, as well as sophisticated electronics capable of astral extraction - where an
individual's consciousness is drawn out, similar to out-of-body experiences. Physical effects on
the body, such as stigmata, are manipulated to appear as signs of alien interactions.
Despite the Prince's extensive global travels to locations of UFO sightings, the phenomena
appeared to avoid the prince. Dr. Greer affirmed that the prince's perspective could indeed be
affecting his experiences with UFOs. The prince was unknowingly promoting disinformation
about alien threats, portraying extraterrestrial contact as hostile.
This deception extends back to the earliest publicized abduction cases, such as those of Betty
and Barney Hill, with few aware of the staged nature of these events.
This is the deepest, darkest secret within the archive. Pulling back the curtain and revealing
the extent of deception means they cannot control the future of the world by creating a
military junta, a military totalitarian regime, which is the objective.
While staying at a hotel in Manhattan when meeting with the Prince of Lichtenstein, Dr. Greer
was targeted by a directional energy beam similar to those reported in incidents like the
Havana Syndrome, and part of the abduction technology aimed at manipulating his
perceptions.
This technology attempted to forcibly extract Dr. Greer from his physical body - an experience
that felt profoundly malevolent and was intended to terrorize him into believing the narratives
he was meant to discredit. Drawing on his background as a meditation teacher, Dr. Greer
employed deep meditative techniques to counteract these effects. He invoked the power of
cosmic consciousness, achieving a state of Samadhi, beyond the reach of his assailants'
technology.
This metaphysical defense mechanism, where Dr, Greer likened himself to a single drop
merging with the ocean, effectively shielded him from being "pulled out" of his body. They can
pull a drop but not the entire ocean.
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2547, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Despite repeated attacks with the directional energy weapon, which lasted for about an hour,
his attackers eventually ceased their efforts. Dr. Greer then used his abilities to remote view,
tracing back to the operators controlling the technology and saw how it was being done.
By July of 1994, Dr. Greer had personally penetrated and observed the mechanisms behind
covert operations.
Prince Albert of Monaco, the son of Grace Kelly, was interested beyond mere curiosity; he was
deeply invested in environmental protection and the potential of advanced energy systems to
benefit the biosphere.
To facilitate a briefing with Prince Albert without attracting undue attention, a cover was
devised around a significant public event hosted by Prince Albert in Washington DC. Dr. Greer
was invited to the opening of Monaco's new embassy, which provided the perfect pretext for
private discussions.
During these events, Dr. Greer had the opportunity to meet with Prince Albert and the head of
the Prince Albert II Environmental Foundation. These meetings, held under the guise of social
and environmental functions, allowed them to discuss the potential of new technologies to
address environmental challenges without raising suspicions about the true depth of their
conversations concerning extraterrestrial technologies.
During a discreet meeting set up in a library converted into a briefing room at the embassy, Dr.
Greer presented briefing materials and discussed the potential for funding research and
development of zero-point energy technologies, which Prince Albert showed a keen interest in
supporting.
However, the endeavor faced significant obstacles upon the prince's return to Monaco.
Intelligence officials, not native to Monaco but from the surrounding regions, confronted Prince
Albert and presented him with a dossier containing potentially scandalous personal
information.
A Jamaican diplomat who had served as an ambassador to the UN and had become acquainted
with Prince Albert, relayed the details of this encounter. The intelligence officials explicitly
threatened to publicize the damaging information if Prince Albert continued to pursue the
funding of alternative energy technologies. Faced with the potential public scandal and its
repercussions, Prince Albert was compelled to withdraw his support for the project.
THIS IS HOW THEY OPERATE. The necessity for integrity, intelligence, and courage to navigate
and withstand such coercive tactics are the harsh realities anyone looking to challenge the
status quo might face.
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2482, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The tactics used by the so-called deep state to suppress dissent are ruthlessly aggressive. These
operatives are nothing more than fascists and thugs, prepared to use any means necessary to
neutralize influential individuals within government or corporate sectors - essentially anyone
capable of instigating significant changes.
There are many, many witnesses to this.
A 2015 presentation Dr. Greer gave in Washington, D.C. about the deep national security state -
a term he used before it became widely popularized in recent political discourse - is fully
documented and available for public review.
[document links]
To further connect the dots, Dr. Greer was invited into a SCIF by key individuals working with
members of the Senate Intelligence Committee and Armed Services Committee.
They discussed the key figures involved in covert operations, naming those who should be
subpoenaed and investigated. Among those discussed was Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, who
after serving as director of the National Security Agency, joined the board of Science
Applications International Corporation (SAIC).
SAIC, headquartered in La Jolla, California, not only engages in conventional business but also
operates a division involved in illegal secret government programs.
In this high-security environment, where no electronic devices are allowed and all discussions
are contained within shielded spaces to prevent electronic eavesdropping, Dr. Greer provided
sensitive information which was then secured in the facility's safe.
Following the meeting, the senior most person had two unmarked helicopters hovering over his
home in Virginia, intimidating him and his family.
The next day, Admiral Inman, who had not made public statements on the issue in a very long
time, vehemently denied any knowledge or involvement in covert programs during a public
radio interview. This response and subsequent intimidation tactics were no mere coincidences.
They are proof of the deep penetration and influence of these covert operations.
There are no secure facilities - not in the military, CIA, Senate, or even the Presidential
Emergency Operations Center (PEOC) - that are immune to the subspace or trans dimensional
technologies capable of bypassing conventional security measures, including electromagnetic
shielding.
Facilities designed to prevent electronic eavesdropping are susceptible to advanced
technologies capable of penetrating any space-time without an electromagnetic field. Any SCIF,
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 335, "chars": 2326, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
any room, everything single thing being said can be tracked in real-time. Operation Security
protocols (OPSEC) are futile against these capabilities.
Admiral Inman came out to deny his involvement immediately, as if he had heard the
conversation. Because he had.
In 1993, when Dr. Greer was asked to brief CIA Director Woolsey, the sensitivity of the
information was so acute that the intermediary, John Peterson, insisted on using code and
conducting conversations in random phone booths to mitigate the risk of interception.
By 1993 Dr. Greer had already been made aware of exotic communication and surveillance
technologies capable of penetrating any operational security measures and told Peterson as
much. This revelation was further validated when an NOC confirmed these capabilities due to
his unique clearance level, a rarity even within secretive circles.
Ben Rich, the head of Lockheed's Skunk Works, famously stated that there are no private
conversations anywhere on Earth, regardless of the security measures. High-security
environments like the Presidential Emergency Operations Center, the Situation Room, and
various other SCIFs across governmental bodies like the Senate, CIA, and NASA are all
compromised.
As stated at the beginning of this briefing: Transparency is essential. Supposed secrets are not
only known to adversaries, but they restrict vital information from those who genuinely need it.
The organization deploying these technologies has them fully penetrated in real time regardless
of their optics.
The nature of consciousness and its relationship with the physical body, which challenges the
conventional neuroscientific and medical perspectives is that the physical body does not
generate consciousness; rather, consciousness manifests the physical body.
This understanding is pivotal as it relates to technologies that can interact with consciousness
at a subtle dimensional level, affecting the physical body by manipulating the 'body of light.'
This archive explores not only advanced topics like anti-gravity and free energy but also delves
into the profound and "spooky" aspects of technologies that interface with consciousness.
Demonstrating the reality of these phenomena paves the way for a deeper understanding of
the interplay between consciousness and physical manifestations.
24
