{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T05:23:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 14131325, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304468441783171, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127726-apro-bulletin-july-1956.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541242280000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/127726-apro-bulletin-july-1956.pdf", "source_sha256": "cdbd5bb17643933ce359128a8ca30ce01597ffbd702217b401da51ceb69b3383"}

h'Gfl
    .fl
        p|lilBLILLETIN
July L!, l-:956                                                                       Page 1


CAI{ THEu. s' .A'rRFCI?cE
                        0ONTROL
                             EiltrTEIrTArMrlFtNT
                                           ANDurrrysrurrlrnr
      The above is a question whLeh the Director has often asked hers9lJ, an6 a
definite yes or no answer has not untir recently '.ur;r, r:Arlllf ,..?;r11c.rt'lervlewiu
elucidate 3

    . In February the Director was approached for the purpose of appearing o1 a TV
  uiz program ldui r*Ir if the eontestant was luclqy, nj.ghi enable hln or her to rrre-
!il-" for Llfett.   She answered the letter ,end.a request for informati-on about her
hobbies and AIRO specifically     was forthconring, witn drich she cornpllecl.

      Appearance on tl're program was contitrgent upon a personal j.ntervlew rvith tht
  iters md productigl personnelr 60-in.{,priI wiren },tri. rha!Fo. I4renzen went
                                                                                    to
  s .{,ngelew to consult a Doctor on tbeunatoid arthiitls,   they rer! intenrieneO.- et
the time, they 'were told that a minimun of trryoweeks worU bL required. to vrrite a
sclfnt for tlre show. Upon retwnlng home, an air mail letter was arvaiting then
telling tirevn that they were scheduled to appear on the progran on May B. -tr{rs. Lor-
enzotl went back to work at Hollonan.\ir    Force Bapu and afew Oayo latlr was ortered.
to quit work $ her Doctor in Alamogordo. i          ,^

      One week later a rrlre stating that their appearance was rrescheduledr arrived,
 rd two days after          letter, the first U-ne of which read; ufs f rs sorry to
 ave i.nconvepicuced-thatra
                      you, but our trouble seens to be the sane as                ,q,fr
                                                                    fours----Tirl
 orc€ofr Later Ln the letter,    a subsidiary company of the corporation which 6pon-
 ored the prograrn was nentioned.     Thls conpany is under contract to the Unitld
 tates Air Force ln the msrrrfacture of Jet.engi-nes.

      Pz{.or to lcaving for Los Angelesi },{rs. Loremen had told her AI, superlora
      she had been invlted to eppear on the shorv, anrl was cautioned not to rention
!q" m   J,obt so when she talked to one of the intewlewens, she very honestly told
hinn that there should be no nention of her Job, and her rlason for the reticence.
It was agreed that the Hollonan Job vould not be rnentioned, although ldr, I.renzents
position w'ith the data reduction branch at Holloman rould be e:rploLted.

      .A'11naterial for the script had been subrnittedr ard when the letter arrived.,
infornring the Lorenzens of lheir scheduled. appearance, they were asked to be in
   s Lnge3-esthe.rtay before the show for rehearsal of itre shipt  (not the question
   d answer part)'   Also---prevLous coryespondencehad noted tirat'lttook   several
                                                                    PR0          Bulletin

                              ND NEv'fSMEDIA: (Cont*i)
    CANAF CEllS0REIITEP.TAINMU{T

    days to prepare a script, so it is establlshed. that the script which the Lorenzens
    were to folIow for their propbsed appearance had'been forrnulated prior tb the noti-
    flcation that ttrey were seheduled. Coniequently., after having been rlnf3Ilcd,           lts.
    and Mrs. Lorenzen watched the shonvtJrey were to have appeared on, and a science-
    fictlon wrlter was substituted for'tllen, arrd.the,script was only subtly charEed for
    tliat prrp6sg.
                                              .   .
           1,11 correspofldence pertaining to ttre'whole fiasco is kent uncler lock arid l<€y
    pd na)'In?ove qult? uqgful tgmg*da{r.,asan answer to those pairots of thc AF 1ine
    (in.:lud:i.ng Rupne)-t) who claih the'.q,F knoiis, sees .'indheirrs vety 1itt1e, v:i-th reg;ird
    ';o UFO, Ohr ;res, the rame of the progran? '!''iervedeliberately withheld it for the
    r.L:r,ebeing for ir.; fcel th:.i +t.the present time it wor.:Ldbe mcne ,judicious to be
               !Icr','ever,           i-f , one rea-ls thoroughly the fhrelloing; ther.e are adeqrr:.te hints
i'-r---Let't,.
      +"o ilie iCer,tiry
1",                                     of the .plogran and the corporatib:r lnvolvedo
t
I      Cne of t,hc in+,ervicwers for the nrograrn, a personable ard delightful'personal-
Ii*"y, waf             fl:rti.l-iar: ttth r,ho'[InOpict--:e, ard v.e.lte1.j-evc,
           '"cr'te'^'i.a1'                                                     genuinely jnter-
    e l t: c r , in ' ; ie ry i -l ' ' ;e l :r.,.H e . h a ;t..n 1 o n ti -nu?d to ccr.ri es.)ond. i ri th i he !i 1" sg],6r-. and in ir : is
    .r-''.st civ-.'r"ir;iic:t,r '-. L^                    -: -"'t i-'-c'+".iseLy-. 're-tll;:lr:t'..-<tn'dt, olr.! c;.1 '-llr, ma+.eLi..:-L they
    :t,i 1oi sl,'iD', o#o:;",t::"lr'i''f"i*,crs  li,r.dir'+,b€en ai:,le tr n.r.lcianythJ-r.gof sufficient
    ;.trteiest. I[e rer,] i-ze ,tha; tius- rvas hlq rrttr:rpt to gloss o!'er ;]re lvhole n,atter
    r'thout hur'ting at7.ne s fcelings, an.l atso rlalizc'bhai, he needs his job as u€Il
    x,s anyone e1se. Ti^i-isis pa:"tly the reasor, for not prlnti-ng the nan'e of the fV
    program and the sponsor at this time.'
       il    -)i rq ts l'- 'tf +t it' ti tf   -)i y'- +i ;$ ti -)$ )i -'t -)i -)i .il -li *   ;i   -)i -)f -)t -)f -)t .tt +(. -)t +i -)i +i if +F -)$ +i tf

    RADIO SIONAI,SFROMVEIIUS --                           DTIETO HEATOR ARTIFICIATLY T&\}ISMITTED?

           June !, 1956, Nalql sciv,ntists at Ohio State Un-tverslty annouriced that tLrey had
    been pleking up radio signals fron Venus sinee the latter part of Lltay. The fiist
    artiele deaSing wlth the nonentous news even nentioned the possibility       that the .
    signals   ndght havs been  utificial'in    nature. Later articles in the Chicago Dai\y
    Tribune'anti Sun-Tlrnes qroted scientists aa saying threy belleved. the slgnals to be
    as s result of the intense heat in the viclnity     cjf the plarnetts atmosphere.

           Sone menbers felt at the tlne that all the faets were not corning out ard that
          situatj-on may have been another link in the evidence of J:lfe on other planets.'
    llowever F-tt    nust be'rernernberedthat nany unusua] ard distr:rbing things are 1ike1y
    to hapnen during a period of extrenen sundpot (or solar s.torrn) aetiviti.     Corununi-
      atlons on the Eartf.r'have suffered to a great extent and lt should not be forgotten
      hat Venus ts rough$, J0r000r000'm11es cLoser to the sun than the earth and there-
    fore nore suseept{ble to-gxtreme-radlo emisslons than ot}rer pl-anets. Jupiter has
    been a point of:interest to sctentists in the past few ]rears due to the fact that
      adlo stgnals have been regularly .detected ooning from that p1anet.. flo'wever, the
      ensity and extreme turbulence and chenlcal nakeup of the Jovian athosphere is nore
    than likely responsible for the phenomenal

              This explnnati-on on our part ls nerely another attenpt to put faet where it be-
                and to avoid dwelling too long in the realrn of fancy where UFO are conoerned.
            feel there is enough tnystery in this business vtithout adding to it.
           LIFO                   B COI { S / ] E L F
Ju1.y 151 L956                        A P RO B " t l1 c t in                     Pa g e 3
      Therc secn']sto be  en aburidanceof UFObr:oks or books dev,:ting at lcast some
space to the IJFOproblem arnongthe books currently selling well to technically
lncltned individual-s. , The response APROhas rece'i.ved as a result of the nontion
in Donald Keyhoers latcst, (ard greatest) ilTim FLYINGSAWm CONsPtitAcYtr     has been
nothing short of phenomenrl arld wetd }lke to take this opportunlty to welcone them,
sci-entist .rnd laymarr, one and aII.
      |IFORGOT?E}I IJYSTERIES"by R. De-\{itt fd;t:e" is an absorbing book rleallng wr.th
odciitles (inclurlinf seucers) wh:ich have bcen neglected by science ancl forgotten l.ry
the rnasses. Itfs enchanting reading and rio doubt uould be of interest to anyone
interested in in thc unorthodox and seeroingly uaeoXvable nysteries;

     Another bool<by lr4111er,recently published ard. Just recently revieweri by the
Director is ttYOUDO TAKEIT riUTHYOUil. Although not particularly    interested ln the
pararrorrnal, the DFector enjoyecl the book thoroughly anl noted adrted oddities re-
lated to UFO. A good adtiition to any UFOresearcherts collection.

          $fter again thirarghly         perusing EclwardRuppeltts tlew book, ttA REPORT                 ON THE
VfOtt, l* scems conclusive tirrt he has ctcne dnat so nany saucer uriters are inclined
to dcp *6 !|iat is'to assl:mehir.r.self lnto the position of the forenost e>cpert on the
S U BJEcToFFLY INGsA i]cE B S .Inourop in io n , t h e p re re q u i-s i
G f f ii ver r b ycu r iosit1';r'espcctfortrutha rr. 1 t e n a c it y ' R, u p p e 1 t
w'r-slitorally          tossed into the Job, didnrt pal'ticul.lrly want it, arri es an ,\ir For.ce
officer         rryasrbeholcien tq oonceal thqt wlnch higirer authority dce ed, judi-cir.rtrs to
conceal. The fact that he wes a menber of the U. S. Air For.ce is the prine reason
that thc f r.rokl al thr:ugh inf ormative and interersting, clid                cl!d. not particularly   exhilaratel
old-tj.rne researehers in the       th'e saucer field.        ,I[eparticu]ar1y rlicl    did not relish
                                                                                                 lgrisir the under-l
handed       snide ternarks inserted here and there throughout the text, which seened deLl
         eC snitle                                                                                            d€Ltb-l
erately CiscreCiting to Donald Kcyhoe.
                                                                                                                      I
          dnong the       relassicr  eases supposedly knocked down by Rupnelt, the eviticr,"u *,                      I
eithcr not tor clear or lacking in substance. .\1so---sorne ol the-nsst outstanling                                   I
saucer leports were cornpletely iflncred. All in all, the book was good rearling, in- |
forrnat,ive in parts, but certain3-y not on a par with ar,y,of Keyhoers rorksl
                                                                                                                      I
                                                                                                                      I
          just one r.ore thin6---we happen to know that rnorc real evidence is in the
                                                                                                                      I
hands-of the .{.ir Forcer ed Ruppclt muot nake achbiee---either                              he doesntt lmow as I
much about the UFOquestion as he elai-ns, or he ls not telling all he' does know. itYeI
personally th:ink thet the eentrel receiving polnt for correlated UFOinformation is I
not at :'Iright Patterson AFB, but rather at. the Pentagon in'11'[ashingtbn,D. C. There- |
fore, j,t worrld bo irnposslble.for Mr. Ruppelt or any other Captaln in the Air Force I
to Isrow the ;,trole story.
                                                                                                                      I
          ttTHETRUIH TIBOIITnIE f'tYING S,\UCEftSrt         eones a long way fron lLvtng up to its                    I
title but is nonetheless a very good and technlcal book dealing w'ith the UF0. No I
new slghti-ngs worth mentioning, but a sensible, logical and feasible neans of pro- |
pulsion is thoroughly exploited.                Regarding the latter, however, we.are not so sure I
that the Lt. Plantier nentioned in the book is thre real father of that particular                                    i
theorir, inasmuch as it was dlscusse.t to some extent in Keyhoers UFIXINGSAUCERS                                FIIOMI
OIJTER      SPiiCErtwhich was publisired in I95\.             The ttreory i.n question, the rtanti-gravi-             |
tlrtt trtr"o"y, was discussed r,rith collea,gues as far back as 1952 by lTilbur Smlth, for- t
rner head of the Canad:iarrSaueer Research grouF.                                                                      :
                                                            I
                                                            11
                                                            \\


                             5, rtI                       J\       l"

                          IN SI'PPORTOF THE PI"ANTIERTI{EORY

                                  by Charles A. Marey

(naitonrs Noter Mr. Maneyls ctrlef 'of the Departmentof Pllysics, befiance College,
Defiance, Ohlo. A nember of this organLzatd.onfor ? yearFr Mrq Manyhas been most
outspoken regarding tr-ls opin5.ons on the IIFO sltuationi )


      The Plantierx explanatlon of the phenonena of flylng seueers sets up certaln
patterns of appearanee ard perforrnance. Astual obsenrations of the phenornenaw.hen
tested and conpared with these predicted patternsr, if found to agree ln essential
characterlsttcs,   can senre step by step to establlsh the validity  of the PLantier,
theory.   Thls constitutes a sclentlfic  approach to the underst'anding of the phenom-
ena.

      The so-ca]-led ttball of lightff and trfl}ring eggtt shapes of UF0s have. been -noted
by varlous obsenrers. An excellent illustratlon         of the rflylng eggtt shape oicurring
slnce Plantierts characterizatlon of this type ls repgesented by a series of photo-
graphs secured by Mr. T[arren Siegnondttx of a UFO appearlng over downtown New Yolk
Ctty 9n May $, 1955. The luntnor:^s egg-shaped object phoiographed was estlnated, bq
   . Stegnond to be about one hr:ndred fifty     feet in dianeter.    The Plantler theory .
   gards thls egg-shaped forrn as a geonetrical pattern of light and nist correspond-
tng to the confires of the Local gravitational       field surounding th6 solld lIF0. In
t'his case, rlere sone of the photographs taken with speclal light filters        and with
f[]n sensitive to the penetrating longer ivave lengths of llght, the solld UFg 1n..
slde of the cloud-llke form nlght have been shown.

      ft i.s a well-knov,rn physlcal fact that the longqp rrave lengths of light sueh as
red and orange can penetrate nist and clouds more readLly than the shorfer waves of
  ue and vi-olet.    This can be easily demonstrated in tqking photographs bf distarat
     taln scenery with a c:mera equipped for the photography of the longer red and
 nfra-red light waves. Pictures taken in this way reveal the snofly caps and other
  talle not shown in photographs td<en rrithotrt the special equipment.

,      Ar excellent'lllustratlon  of photography of UFOslrith a special red filter   ls
giYqn by the pictures secwed by tfr. and l{rs. OnrilLe H. Mitche1l.;r-:rxon }[arch 12,
1955 at Giant Rock, CaLtfornia.     Out of curiosity pictures were taken of sone pe-
cu1:lar snall clouds appearing and disappearing ln an other.rrise cnystal clear sky.
llthen the fllns were developed, a fornation of for:r.dlsks on two separate 'pictures
was plainly shovrn.. These disks were not shown on tire pictures taken nrlthout the
special filter.'    The disks were not vtslble to the eyel only patchds of cloud,s or
vepor oould be seen. This experlenee suggests that filler     photography of tlFos
ntght serve to reveal valuable informatlon not otherwise obtainabler

        The oarne4afl1n records sone light lmpresslons lnvisible      to the eye. Proper
flltratlon    of thls light has the effect of siftlng     out other light wldch, w"ithout
the ald of a fllter     tend"s to blot out, the invisible  light inpressions.   The lnvisi-
ble light irnpnesslons are'feebly recorded on ttre filnr however, even lf no filtra-
    on has been employed. It is posslble at tines by expert developnent to bring out
ln a prlnt the reeorded weak lnpresslons of lnvisible         lightr
                             1 0 (A
                                                            A P RO     B u lle t in

      In Suppolt of the P.lantier Theory (Ccnttd)

             The writcrr has j-n his possersslon two sets of fivc prints each of a UFCphoto-
      graphed by lirr.. Larry Tovrner over l{oscow, Tdaho at about }0 p. m. on the nighl of.
      Aug-.ust13, 1953. fhe set developed by ordinary proced.ure shorryedi.stlnct lorns-
      envcloped in halos of light in two of the five phbtographs, A close cxannination.
      o{ t},re fi'lns under strong llght showedtraces of geonretrical forms on all five
      fi-lrnso With the aid of the senrices of an expert cornnerical photographer it was
      possible to brlng out the ctetails,in another bet of prints showing a,ioLicl cenler.
      in all five picturosr. ?he'latter se:'fes of five.prints reveals the irogress of the
      the path of a eircular rtball of lig:rtrt rvhenthe positions of the.five soliii fonrrs
      arc plottecl.on a sinp.'le picture chart.

            The;foregoirrg illustrations    serve to add a little nore evidenee in support of
      the.theory of.Plr.ntier,     l{uch nore data is of course necessery for a falr$is6rn-
      pletc e>qp,rj-mcntalcstabllsh-lng of the theory.

             1, paral]el   line of inquiry in the search for experj:nental evidences conrp,lti-
      ble wiih thC ti.ecry cf Lieutengnt Planticr is tho rlot.=i 1,'.rre*,r.11rof rrengel hri rtt
      uleno.irena. Thc rvr-iicr is pr:senir:.-""""pi"a"tiirr ;;i;;;;il:        chernlcat and phys-
      real anelyses of itaryiel hrlr't are ntrch needcC ilr this stridy.   Ir; fact, sanplc s of
      aty rnatcrials heorm to have been Cisc,rarged frorn IIIrOs d.rc inval.uabie ior investi-
      gir"ti.on plrl?oscs.

      'x-          ![ire         lruth   Ai'cut Flying   Saueerrjrt by Ame Miche]r'Parl*      Threc,   Chapter l.
                   rrllfing           Saucer Reviewtt cf London, Engl:nd.         'Vol.   I I'lo, 3 July-August     1955
     ..tr.t

      -x-)':)'rt?Saucursll !'o1. fII               ldo. 3 Septenber 1955

      -)iiiJ')i-)i-)(*)'r-)i-)


        ,' :,The foreqo-Lng j-s one of tJre first  foatures to be preseritcd in thls Bulletin.
      ,:\ich()pe and ofan to be able to present 6I?' ]nefrE'erswith si-mi.Ilr gnalyses cf various
      ni-c<r,q nf t.hp IrtrO siturtion in the future,   execubed by qualified  rnen such as I{r,
     lt   .^
      41 lI€.)^-   I.


           .i'rlewoulC likc to add that if ancl when nevnbers obtai:l any cru'mlJrii sf nraterial
     'left b;r Uio, +,hc;r please senci it on to Headquarters ar:d i-t r,1.i11be ionn'arded to
'l   lI-- lfi:rrov f.n fr,rl--her his and our st,ud:es,   :tny findings rd1-ibr] mtde avsil3b1e to
     nornho',s*5..6,"-L';he Bulletin.       ,lIsc_. euy.an1 all naterial forwarded WilI be re-
      turncd rs soot: as, arralyses clri be compl-e*,ccl.


            The TiFLYINGSAIICF,R    REVIE'rirrof Londorr, Etigland has esked us to pass along the
     l'iord that tlr.err 5,11r" selec+"ed June 3Oth and Septcrnr:er tjih as International    Flying
     Sauccr Sightinq Days for 1956 a:rd esk ili: ecopc;:^ticlr oi all- organizations and rren-
     b,:rs of s?rler If you'ea.n tal,e e little        tjme oit the Sttr of September (we realize
     '{etru.a   1i-'"tL,:  Iate for  the J('t}i of June)  to scan ti.r: sries, please sencl the d.e- |
     *nile a*' rnrr *i qhtings to lleaCquartcrs anC th.ey wi.l-l Le forwarcled to Flying Saueer
                       "-L                                                                           I
     Review Headquarters for overall cvaiuation arid correl-:..tion.           Thank You.
                                                                                                     i


                                                                                                                           ,:_
Julv 15. 19t6
      v   -   .   '                .,
                                        A P Ro       Bulletln                          PaEe 6
                                                                                                -T
-                              -


                             SPNAKSHIS MIND ON THE UFO SITUATION
APR,OISVENEZUELANEFRESENTATIIJ"E

      tr{r. Horaeio Oonzales, our Venezuelan representative, presents belovr his opin-
ions and conJeetures regarding the UFO. L competent and qualified man, I{r. Gonza-
Ies was partly responsible for covering the Venezuelan tlittle    nent observations fo
.,\PROin the fa}l ot ]-:955, A tecturica-l translator, Hotacio Gonzales is also an avid
and capable anrateur astrononer and has nanaged to pronote interest in the IIF0 pro-
blem in Caracas to such an extent that 'well-knomr scientiftc   men are great3y inte:r-
ested in the nryste4y.
                                         +{+'fF)'r)FX-rF)(-'itr{+l-Je(+HS-)+


     After one has studied the vast qlantlty   of cases reported and has subjected
each one to rigicl ana3.ysis in the light of present scientific    knowledge, it cannot
O* 6"41r:d that there is a fortnidable arrry of accumulated evidence fron whieh one
can derive no other logical coml,uslon but that Earth has been arrt is being sub-
Jected to constant observation by sone extra-terrestrlal    intelllnence.

         Bhe evidence also indicates that not only a geodesie survey and analysis of
       Earthts surface has been nade, but also, and which is MoREIMPoRTAIIIANDSIGNIF-
    .CAllT, a. prolonged study has already been effected of our AIR ROUTF^S, UETH0DSOF
    JARF,\RE;D$FEI'ISE TNSTAIIATIONS,industrial   actlvities, mode of life At'lDphysiolo-
        1 struc',ture, capacities and degree of intelligence6

        ?he faet that, these vehicles are constaritly being seen in our atnosphere in-
     CATCSA PURPOSE    -- AN IIFERJ$IVE REASON-- AI\I OBJECTIIIEbEhiNd it A11 ,WD AN iN-
    crutable intelllgence rvhich so far iras elected only to manifest its interest but
       thc true M0TIVEfor its presenee in terrestrial      skies. Serious, conscientious
     C conpetent investigators   the world over are no longer in doubt as to the extra-
      restrial  origin of the trflfing saucertr but are novr occupied with the reacons for
      1r presetrce here, and f am alnost certain that sonevrherein the nass of reported
     ghtings there is some CIUE - S0}.E INIfl,ING'.,-- vhieh nay supply us with the anrrer.

            tfthsytt nay regard us as a potential darger lf and vyhenwe achleve space flight.
     f so, they nay attempt to cliscourage our efforts in this dircctLon and the nethods
      tllized may be so subtle as to be alnost imperceptible.         There rnay be also some
    rrThlngfr on earth which they could use to tbreir advantage but so far have not de-
        sed a neans of obtaini g it whether by friendly contact or not. If they are bent
    on friendly contact the questions arise * where willthey rnake such contact - in
        at country and ln which language or rnethod.of eornnmnication. !S per:sonal belief
    is that they nay have fried to nake contact with us already but due perhaps to
    bun611lngr J"gnorance and the negative attiturle of those vrho shoultl have lqrown better,
          se attenpts have not been recognlzed as sueh and tberefore no conprehensive sys-
           could have been devised in order to establLsh eontact.       It could be al-so that a
      tudy of or behavior has inCuced then to be extremely cautious; life, to themr nay
          a quality prized way beyond our puny powers to conceive, rreanwtrile ttrey have
      een that to man it neans so little      inasrnuch this substance is so wantonly lvasted
      n frequent and recuming nass racial suicides.          The way they differ in physiologj-
      aI stiucture may also be influencing a definite decioion.         They probably understand
             we may be entilely  unprepared and therefore extrenely rel-uctant to accept an
      ):ien physical form $VEN THOLIGH   END0ITAD T'iIfH SU"PERI0RINTELLIGENCE.


                                                                                                     i
                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                     I
                                                                                                     !
                                                                                                     I
July 15, 1956                      .,lP R0        h rlle t in

      Sooner or later however, a rlefinite nove ls going to be nade on their part to
nale-the purpose of their presence here }novrn to.us.     When this monent arr{.ies, we
should ALL strive for a frierdly     contact. 'I do not think they wllL try to inp6se
thenselves or state denande on a basis of force BUf they nay prove to'be DE'IER*
!,IINED, DAInERO$ AlrD RI'THi,IFF IF pRoVoKED,

      A serious study of this natter phows that rrcl confront a problem of trenenlous
portent to hunanity wtrich w111 shake the soeial ard. potrltical- stnctuie  of our clv-
iUzatlon to its very foundatlons.        is cl-ear, therefore, that as rational beings
                                     _It
we must apply not only our powers of reasordr€ ar:1 loglc to anai,yze the problern, bu
nole so, draw upon the r€serve capqcity ue possess to react to strarge sitqatlon",
so thatr rfien the ti-ne cones we may be in a positiBn, prepared to n"6t this <leli-
cate sitg{ion   $lth the attentton, serC.ousnessr atd the plrticular   mental attltude
lndicated by the transcendentaL nature of the case and the workSvide repercussione
and effects it wilL produce.
                                                        j^rtt)t'Ycrf
                                      Jtsxr,FX.ll+FtTlttu*

     NOTT
        IN 5TH YiT,8 OF'EXISTENCE---       BIG JOB STITL AI{EAD

       In January 1956, APIIObegan ltts fifth year in saucer research and as each
     season rolls around (the even nurnberedyears, corresponding rrith the proximi_ty
of the planet lfars) rve realize that althougb we have taken on i grrgantuan task,
the real ly blg job is sti1l al:,ead. Sightings are on the up-trenA as of the 15d of
JuIy and there will be nore to coriee However, unLlts some nethod. of informine tt"
general public about what is happening ls found, tl're years behind nave beln-i;
                                                                                    ;"
avail.    Various books on the subject of UFOhave been of sone he1p, vd th the eD,so-
ing publicity for saucer resealch groups.' Liany people are interested. ln such or-
ganizations but do not lcrow that they bxist.   The piess silence on IJFSis the big-
gest stuntbling block ln the attenrpt to arouse pub.r-ic indlgnation at the secrecy
sunouhding the UFOproblen.

       _During periods of apparent UFO inactivity  memberstend to borone a little   bored
    d faII into a sort of lethargy during wliich they all but forget their inierest
    d consequent obllgations.   1[hen an infhrx does begin, these iare nembers are a
little    slor to shift into nornal gear again and the Builetin suffers fronr f,ict of
cu$ent in-formation. Fortunately we do.have-a nrurber of nembers who are very cor-
  clentious abbut serding in their reports and clipplngs.

     There are naq)r UFO organtzations---.:ome are formed and operate for            and
                                                                              lrofit
     s, Like APRO, struggle not so nuch for a pretty facade          nunerous subscrib-
    but rather for quality and quantity of real lrrformatj-on. "ndSornegroups fill   gre
    s of their publicatlons with various and sundry vituperous 1ettirs lron saucer
otables vying for acclaim v*ith their sornevfiat dubious clains'of    contact, etc.   l{any
aucer controverslee ilhich have no bearing on the, orir'.Ell  subJect are kipt alive
     gh tnany pages of pro and con'while ttre actual reports are shoved to i,he back-
     . Beports should be the life blood.and-comprise- the bulk of lIFg period.icals,
ut for sone reason opinions (often submrdttedby r:nqualified i.nAiviauai;)-;;;;;:
one a newfad in UFOpubllcations.
                                      .Opinions by astronomers, psychologtits, prysi-
!sts, engineers, ete., Jfes---but not Just any opinion Uy anyone as to lvtrettrei.ioe
oakes saw arrd photographed a little   purple nan or not. vriffii-ure    next two nonths
  dreds of sightlngs will be made throughout the world and it is doubtful that the
   ss.wires il'ill give adequate coverager So that we mry all be irrformed., it will b€
 se to forward all reports to headquarters
                      oCcls n e n ds
Ju 1 y1 5 ;.1 9 56,            ,.,eLn _ o a lr } : t in ,                             paeeB
                                                                                -
      APRORepresentative Horaeio Gonzales writes l,hat more LrF0swere seen in that
area than werg reporteo in tJre pres_q. High ranking nilitary  personnel in Venezuela
are very interested in Dr. Bossais experience (APROBulletin iugusi' ]:9S5) and one
offieial has taken_a fuII report of hi.s case to eertain parties-in r,fas-hington,D. C.
Further details, when av.1-IabLe, wi1L be printed. here.
                                        fd(-)i-:t/c+$-)f
                                                      -)s$l'{-)t-)i+t

      OTTAr:'Ll'rCANI\DAI18 trrlay, f:996, Seernsthere is some confusion as to the cause
rf the crash of thr: Jct plEee utrich crashed into a Catholic convent rest home on
$ l{ay. ..1'n.,lP vrire dispatch quoted Royal Carradian AF officerE as saying that the
pi.lot ani navigator of that plare were dead or unconBcious before thl iipact.          offi-
cers at near-by [plands where the twin-jet interceptor vras based, believl rrsorne-
thing terrible and sudden'f.haopenedat about 331000 feet before itre plane began its
fatal dive. The nost ponular theory as to the cause of the erasii is that there nay
have been an oxygen f,ailure or an internal explosion of the alreraft.          Only three
rn:-nutes elat''sed betueen t,he ttrne sonething went wrorrg in the strosphere ard when
the plane plunged to the earth.         Sone are speculating ttrat the cause lay have been
external---and a far rnore speetacular and frightening cause involved,
                                         ;$-)tlF)i )i-)!-)t-)et-)(i(-){-r,-)f


      Another newsmanvtho has becone al,'laro of tlre UFOsituation is a }rr. Lee of the
     Quizr Ord, Nebraska. The nan seenis interested and a fevr of lris recent columns
  dve been riedicat:l +_chis ovrn gleanings on the mystery. Stan Delaplane of the
  hicago Aneriean is also interested, although it seems the wrong pebple have gotten
to hin---and his eolunn reeent\y reeeived here was mostly concerned wittr ttre nut-
liatch elernent of Southern Caltfornia, and derogatorily so. tl{erre not insinuating
that all Southern California lIfO enthusiasts aie boob-hateh veterans, for a large
part 6Fthe APROcontingent is from that state.
                                              ilF)(Jt-)(J1-)
                                         +(-)(-;          (ieeF)i-)i


     ilf r :l'furray Sarg r our representative 1n New ZeaJard., serrds us t}le January 12
 ssue of th'e Austra-]i an Post magazine, in rdrieh is featurerl an article by l,ord
 owding, Britaints Worlct War fI war hero. Titled ttEnemiesfron Spaesrr, the sub-
 ead.sayss frFoe*sieject the skies above ou:: earth.       To these invincibib,    gocl-llke
 nvaders our nassed planetafy power is puny, our countries peopled by barbarians.
   tt artger then. They coulo destroy all our works, enslave rnankind.rl
                                         nr,i-)tJi-)1-)ijHi-)t-)i-)seF)t


     ldember'shave been deluging Headquarters rrith Letters adcing about the Air Force
     ored rnovie, tltupgtt. l{ernbers who have seen it report t}^,at it is a very good mo-
   r sd reviews in various papers have been extremely favorable.          The Director has
 of had a ehartee to vlew the movie, but guJ-dedty the eommentsof paul Coates1 Los
 ngeles hlirror, and the marSrrnernherswho trave seen ttre novie, we feel that we'aie
 of being j.ncautious in reeorurending lt.     Any eommenlsby new viewers
                                                                             'nill be very
 eleone.
                                          +F)',tri(JF)(+i-;(-)'.-)er-)t-)(Jr

     Recent saucer publicatlons elaims that the movle nUFO'rwas unheraLded.ls not
  together correet.  Haventt had tine to check ttre exact issue number, but APROan-
        the start of the novie a few years ago.
fa


 R EOM N US [ G f f i Ti iNl G S
        ts, L956                         APROBT]ITETIN                                    Pagr 9

        In a recent conversation rvftn an AP Represrntatlve, the Directon voj.ced hcr o-
       on that IIFOr'eports rpul.d be conrparatively fsw lf ndrnon-eldstcnt qntil after
 uIy .{r after which the reporte rorrld equal or greatly Burpass the nurnber recorded
 or 1951r. . It .seernsthat the last tno reeks harre confir-red her calculatlons and the
 olloring reports wtIl bear it outr

         ORCI{ARDST OREONT July 12, L956t UFO that looked gornew?ratginilar   to dlrigir
       r  fiere obsenred and reportgd to pollce ln tfiree separate telephone ealfs.    The
      st report was frorn a $cmanwho sald that she sar the &Jects at abogt 3rlr5 p. n.
      le out driving near Ontarto, . The obJect appeared to be'a gray diriglble rAln a
        neon llght 6n the bottorn'. I{tren fi-ist selln, she said; ste airA her busband {
           It nlght be a cloud.    It nas hanging over the Ontarlo alrport about LO0O
      t ln the air.    They drove on five or sLx niles, then spotted two more of themr
       .obJect farthest fron then sudclenly disappeared strd.ght up lnto ths sky. ThO
       r dlsappeared about 6 nlnutes later.    Shortly after this iouple (anonyruousai
       r request). reported to officers by t'elephone, trc other raoen cailed in ard re-
       el seelng flvc or six ttround shlny obJects rtth a ehiny. etreak underneathtr.
     flcirs   said Alr Force offlcials frcrn Boise, Idaho, rrcre Lxpected ln Ontolo to get
     flrst-hand report on the sighting, (Cr: MernberEd Bruno lfaetztg, 0rchards.)

      AnKANslscilY, iullsls, July 19e tg56z Clty Edltor Brtan Coyne of the Arkansas
  ty,pally Traveler, acconpardedby Trooper (state) Dfct HadsalL and Arkansas Clty
  libeienl obsenred a tear-drop-shaped bLuish-green obJect with two shafts of light
 praylng earthrard, tlm varLous locations rEar lrltansas Cibrr The nrennoved about
      get a good look at several of the obJects which shmed up about I a, n       The
      ongstr or etreams of. light nere first obperrled dlrected torard earth, and then ex-
     nding frgn tle sides of the obJestl.

        A UcConneILAir Force Base officer, questloqed by reporters about the obJect,
        ,d offer no helpr[    Lt was 'later learned t'trat the .State HlghwayPatrol, rtrtch
       been alertgd W observers, h-{.Cbeen asbd a Lot of ,.qrrestlonsabout the obJects
      ludlngr '(1) ttTfhatsi.ze is it,tp conpaison to e key or dit@?tt (2) Would lt
            ln slze.to a lieht btrlb?rr (:l   nI" ther" arryrnltse aorni,ngir6rn the object?u

          These brlghtly llfqdn*ed.o65st1s          were seen in the skles over lrkansas Clty,
     l.llngton ard El Dorglo, Krinsac. A ball ef ftre tnavelling eait at a trtgh rate- 6f
           rnas plcked up on radar at the Hutchlneon, Kansav, Naval llr Station. { B-!p
            lnl.r t"ttt by ]r[c0onne].lAf'B at, Wiohita to lnvestlgate ttre ObJeets o\rer the tr-
            City area. -

        Coyne ansren€d the iI' questd.Onsabout ttre obJects he had obsenred ttruslyl nThe
     Jects appea"nto be about the size of a 2OO-rryatt Ught buLb. There ls no nolse
      t ean be attributed   to the obJects and skies wer Afkancas Glty anB veIV clear
       pt for a few Ught    cloudso Ttrere are a Lot of otars.rt He also arldedr nI have
          to tllscount etqles    about flying   obJectsl'but brotirer, I an ncr a bellever.rr
     (Eattorta notei The ;tatenent abant belng a kllever now ts Wplqal of ttfg€
    fornerly acoffed at IIFOand trhenrrere confronted wlth tle evldence presented
 y thelr ovn eyes. Our flLes ane fully of Just euch l*aternents follordng ttre flrst
 tghtd.ng of a UFOby a tkeptto. )
                                                                                               ,.1
                                                                                             t.rq
                                                                                              f


July     ]:956                              Bulletln                              Page 10

                                RECENTSICI{TINGS(Cont td)

       Cin .lrnuary iAi $55 a Lp-hgu.r          for a 1IFOthat was seen diving into the
                                        ""r"rtr dispatched by ilre National Guarcl at
gea rtas condugted by three motor launehecl
illalquetia, Venezuela.'ttre object rvas huge, glowing, and estirnated to be about 160
feet in dianeter.      Thb search yttlded nothing, but the obJect was seen by manyr,

     EA'STERN CARACISrVENgZtlEtAl 9 February, 1956, Dr. Pablo May reported. seeing a
   e ltrminous disc crosslng the skles over the city at vertiglnous speed and on                  I
   eh 13r the wholb'c1ty of BARQUISIIfETO was iLluminated by a slrange lighted object             I
  tch_:flew over the city at enornous speed. Th-is phenonena was observeC by rlumer-
g:s persons ,and leS publlshed the very day.

      CIRAC/\S,W:llEzuELA, 12 l{areh. Alfredo Dalke, an arnateur astronomer reported
eei-.ngtwo dtscoide objeets r,trich crossed and reerossed the skies over his hone in
  e Lol !?osales section of Caracas, l{r, Dalke was observtng the planet Jupiter with
  3il objective and s b0 power eyepiece ard had lj.ftect his heaci to- scan the s.kies
 hen he saw the obj'ect shooting out fron the east in a horizontal trajectory.       He
nneCiately focused the teleseope on the object and sar;rthat it'was a disc enritttng
, bluish-green fl.taht.   tt nrade a 90o turn lnd disap;e ared behincl some clouds. He
 ontinued to seareh for the obJcct whcn to his surprtee anothcr one rypeared noving
n the sane ditrection;     tiils one siopperl sudclenly, seomed to hover for a few non-
  ts, arxl shot upwarcls in alnor.lt the sarneway as the fjrst.    The conditionQ for ob-
  rvatlon were excellent.

      CARACAS,L'i, GUAIRA,,VENEZUEIA,lr March. }ilr. Jesus Gonzales pur", anrl. his fam-
 ly saw a cigar.shapre,Cobject nrring in a horizontal trajeetory over the tritts on
 he horlpon,. Thb Perez famllyncre on their way to La Guaifr fron Caracas. }[r.
  rez said ihe otrject harl the fornr of a dirit:lble with t-hree to six vdndo'wsalong
    side.    ft was rooving slowly in the Cistance about 10 rnlles ar.vry (estimate) eord
 ad the apparent size of three meters. He.could see'the rdctangular shaped win-
 olvs clearly and. l-ts rolor r'!n sonettrtng like rluL1 alun-{Dul1''It was ln si{bt for
          te\y two mlnutes, had no .protuberances and made'rio noj.se.

      ITtARACAIPT Vfi[trEZUE].Ar25. Afril. An object which appeared at flrst sighting
to be about 3 neters I,n.]enqtlrr md as it care nearer, atout 30 neters, wai ob--
serrred W 12 people of the Urlanizatiou Urclsieta.ard San Jose wartl. l,Tr. Jesus Gon-
zales was the. first    to sight the object, had Just ccme liorte ind closed the door
and was startled by.the brig'rr+"il-lum:ination which penetra+,ed ttrough the windows..
He went gut of doorS;-s&w _thebriil5-arrt;r=lIovr    Ught.whieh tu:r,ed Ufrrtst oeeasl_on-
al}y and appeared to let off sparks, Oonzales sdted that while watehinc ne fett
as though transfixed,     eouldnrt nove. The object finelly    riisappeared. and"Ieft-b;_
hind a. wlsp of snoke whlch dissipated slo.uly.                      i

      By way of Venezuela we have the statenerrt of Captain Desavoye Mlchel, pilot of
the Lir Franee Dc-3 cargo freighter rvhich was taking off fibm orly eir nera, Baris,
on the'night of 1? February when the norv famous Qrly ILnOwas'sighied.       Very tittte
detaif is added to the original rpnbrt exeept that lfletieJ. statei tnai, tne 6U3ect or
light he obsenred was not of terS'csfriai nJture.
    t
      FRANKEDtr?,\RDS,                  ehthusiast ancl nor broaricastidg from Indlanqol-
                      4]:!iqg-!ilteu"
is, trlldiana has reportea sc:f,Efa1 sight,ings in Indiana'during the flrst part of ,nrly.
'   tl


    ,ruIy 15, L956                             A PR0         B u lle t in                                     11
                                                          (Contt,)
                                                  SIGHITNGS
                                             RECENT

         lthoughwe do not at th:is writing have the detd.ls, Mr. Edwards took hts TV equip-
         ent to the scene of one sighti.ng and conducted an on-the-spot broadcast, Itts too
             Frar:k isnr t carried rrationwide for we are sure that he would be invaluable at
           is tire, in getting curent saucer Info across to the general public.       APR6l,furn-
           r Bob Greenmy, vacatiordng ln the niddlewest at the present, informs us that the
           ghtings ln that area appear to be taking place in the houhs betvseennridnight and
           wllr A quick look at the sightings listed under this colunn wi.Il be,:rr this surnise
             t.

              ST LOUISTl,ESSOtAf, JuJy 13e 1956, August C. Vogelel upon arising'at l+:15 a;m;
         o slose the windcnrs in his home, obset'ved a circular glowing light above the ovef-
         astr vtrich trevcled fronr East to 1:est, naking a Jog ln tts trajectory during its
         light.          discounts the possibility
                  Vogelc discounts
            Hht. Vogetc                 possibili-ty that     ruight have been a searchlight
                                                     thrat it nrtght             sbarchlig,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ht
                                                                                                for
              re was no light    beam, and lr:15 a, D, is     not exactly   the tine   of day for   sJarch-
          ghts to be playlng upon the clouds. Vogele said the object was either above or
         nside the clouds and he could not diseern an outline.. The object was traveling at
          high rate of speed.                           ,

         NEARATLA,NI'ICCITYI NUn"JERSE!, June l, 1956. dn anonymouscdrrple (by request)
      port seeing an'unusual ob.iect (aIso unusual in sarrcer annalls). The couple had
      st gone to bed, anl the husbandwas lfinrt awa.keanri gazlng out the wind.ovrwhen he
        the objeet coniing across the open fielcl.     They said the thlng rvas three tines as
     arge as an atrpl,:ne arrl lookeci like a llifihtcd hotel at aclistancer. There were
     any lighteci portholes (likc windows on separate floors).      The color of all llghts
        definitely  anber l1ght traffic    Lghts.    The )ights seernedto flash or revolve
       turn.   They watched it come rather s1ow1y until tt was within about 200 feet of
       1r horne- direetly over a house aeross the intersection.       Then suddenly ttie ob-
      ct changed course and headed torryardwhat would be Atlantie City or the Atlantic
        t and at'such a speed lt was out of sight in seeonds. At no tine was any sor.rnd
      ard. About two ninutes later a Jet went over in the direction the IJFOhad just
    iranished. Ttre uhole episode took place within the,space of between 30 seconds a,]d
        mirrute,

         '       SCH$trECTA.DY, NFrt Y0RK, 25 June L956, Nunerous repcrts of a nysterious explos-
             on in the Cannen or Colonie area about 1 a, m. resulted in Rotterdan poliee lnspec-
                  of all hir'hwal's and side roads without finding an explanation.
     .
     '            DL'IIEDIN, FLORIDA, 6 June }966,   l{rs,   B. 0, Hunt of Curlew Road describecl      a
        ght object she and her husbarrd saw in t}'re skies over Dunedin at 9 p, n. on 3
          . rrlt rvas considerably snal]er thhn the moon ancl to the nd<ed eye looked Like
    i bright ball thet wasnrt noving. It rvas bigger than a star and.looked like an or-
          r'f Mrs. Hult satd'  rrllllbnatched it for about halfl an hour with binoeulars and. lt,
        n became apparent it was moving slow1y. It dtayed in the sky for about haLf an
          , then went dovr"nbehind a grove and we lost' sigirt of it.tt   The strang object
     omewhat resenbled a furuteI without a spout, Itirs. Hunted stated.      It was flat on
         ui-de, big at one end anl somewhatpointed on the other. It was blood red lri the
        ter as we saw it through the glass, but a bright whi.te along the edge, with a
     ittle green tovard the big endi -Mrs. Hunt was unable to estinrate'1ts heighti but
        d it was lower than nost planes f1y over that area. ds a matter of interest,        a
     lane passed between ttre object and its viewers as they vratchedi She said the
       range objeet was lost t,o their vlelv to the Northeastr at
July $,   y956                     ,A,p..R0 Butletin                                   pase 12

                                        SIGHTINGS(Contt d)
                                  RECEI\T

to be civer the bay or gu1f. (Ed. Note: Thls is an interesting slghtlng, for it is
tSlpica} of those labeled as planets by astrononers.. Ho,rever, the direetion in
which the object disappeared frorn sight precludes the possibility       of it being a
planet--;planets    travel East to itrtrest,you knowl ) (Cr: I{aruiet Boyd). This sight-
lng was .carri-ed ln the SchenectadX paperr was not mentloned aga! n,

     BUENOS    AIRES, ARCENTINAe June 5, 1956, National police headquarters announeed
that an aluminun, cigar-shaped objeit was spotted flying at great speed over North
Argenti.na April 13. More than J0 persons in the province of Salta were said to
have seen the objeet, leaiing to s1leculation it was an experimental intercontinen-
tal ballistics    rnissile. (Crl Frarrk Reid)

       T0i{f0rJAPA}1, 12 Mry tg56E Flying saucers bave been reported over Japan, acc
ding to the English language Yomiuri Japan News. (tlo furtirer details---Ed.)  (Cr:
l,l. Kott)

      IOS AIICEIES, 30 May and Jude 1, 1956. More jet booms caused. a stir in this
huge rnetropolls, an.l led to much speeulation privately and in the press, Fright-
pned citizens, brokeh store vrindo'.vsand vj-olent coneussion earmarked the eplos-
[o""           t lrrui ttre orir-;et pl-"ne               *"u drug out of the ske]-eton closet
      -a-.t as whippiug boy. iThat is most
 for duty                                   "*prr""liott
                                                 astonisi:-ing is that despite repeated con-
plaints and dernandsfor action, tlte AF wi.l-l not adnit that jet plarres are carsing
 the concussions, and donrt seernto be able to clo anything about stopping them.

      EIiIPORIA,KAtlSASrJuly 19t L956, A. I)r lrorgan, A SantaFe rai lroad tower opera-
.to3 reported seeing vrhat arpeared to be an artificial  light in the sky about I a.n.
There are no further details, but tlils sighting took plaee wittrin hours of the
Arkansas City sighting,

; .. ARKANSAS    CITY, K,NSAS, 19 July 1956, A.B-L? sent by the Air Force to inves-
.tigate reports of a UFO (see first page,of, siglitings for details) returned to the
base at Topeka to r€port that all they had seen was gas torches ln an oil fleld.
 trAuthoritiesrt then began to assumethat it was the reflectlon of these torches
'that eawed the reports of a bluish.-green lea1-drop;shaped. objeet w'ith prongs of
 light proJecting frc'n it,.  At abou+, thie time that Editor Brian Cotrmeof the Arkan-
 sas Daily Traveler sigh+"eCthese mysferio'r.s objects, the radar at the Hutchinson
'Kansas nav.tl
                air station had picked up a .nball of firett traveLing east at a high
 rate of speed. Although it was rrot stafed, it nu:st be aqsumedt^hat visual eontact
 was also rnade, for the return on a radar screen does not give descriptiorl or con-
 figuratlon.

       PARKERT.IRIDNA, 20 May, 1956. DaIe Nance Brown, AFROrrember, slghted trrco
si1very disc-shaped objects travellng in a NNf[ to SSE direction at an altitude of
qrgroxi-mately 51000 to 10r0O0 feet. When first. stghterl, from a distance of approx-
i'nately 10 nr-i-les, they appeared as though they would pass direetly overhead. How-
ever, at an estirnated 50 scconds, their eourse changeCto a SSI{ dlrectlon atrd they
were lost from sight over the California desert. The entire sighting lasted
inately J minrrtes, dr:ring the first half of vrhieh their mareuvers uere clearly visi
ble from the ground. Both objects seened to rtbobtr 6y tl!6rr4eett alorig at a leisure-
Iy rate of speedr flying a side-by-side formation at all tirnes. dt no tlrne was
                                   A PR0     Bulletin
                               RECEI{ISIOHTINGS(Cont td)

there any sound evident and at that hour of the norhing,     ground noises rere at a
nininurn,

       CIIEBOYOIN, MICHIGAN, .hne ? t L956. St.ite police were unable to aecount for a
brilliant    flash of light seert last night between the nainland ancl Bois B1anc Is1and,
in tire Straits of Mackinac. Troopers said a seaf,ch of the shore 20 niles on either
side of Cheboyganfailed to furn up a clue. There were no reports of ships in
trouble or of unaccounterl-for planes. Reports of afireball described as a block
tni.de cane about 9t30 in the eveni-rrg. CheboyganPollce $gt,. George Faught saicl he
saw lt half a mile off shore. He said it was 150 feet high. R. E. Hunt, generail
nanager of radio station iVCg!, said a brilliant    flash was visible for 20 seconds
and then a dull glow continued for about five ninutesr Reports of the flash also
came from the Great Lakes frei6lhters ldoharvlrand the Sanuel illltchell. (p. Robert
Frark of Detrolt, who subnritted this report, stated that later editions of the De-
troit llews carried no further inforrnation, anri seid he thought.that looked a lltt1e
ilfisfuyrr-'we agree ).

     MARCll,L956t No Ex-act Date. Menber.Richard M. Johnson of Newarkl Delaware,
observed an interesting :henemenonwh.tld operating his h inch Newtorrlan reflector
telescope. Using a 60 power eyopiece, he was observing the well-lcnovrn plelades. a
star cluster in Taurus. He then noticed a faint rrsfslrt of about 9th nagnitude
noving slowIy in flont of the other stars.   He knew at once i-t was not a meteor nor
& conet, He could not make out aty shape (the telescope has 2 seconds of an are
separefion) and the object rvas not.visible to the nakeri eye, Inconclusion, Richard.
states that it is his opinion that the object nay have been a nearby asteri:id,.

     The STR0LLINGASTRONO}fER,  an amateur astronomert s magazine, eanied notations
by Brian:rlarner ln itrs IIov-Dee 1955 issue concerning rtflashing'Iunar mountairsrr
   eh he observcd i-n January, 1955. (Crt Josuphine lfyers)

       U. 0F RHODE          20 Mayr L9r6, Dor,ald R. Toddl while vlewing the aurora
borealis, spotted-ISLAND1
                     two dtse-shaped objects noving at a ielsurely spe*d 1n the area of
the slqy near the moon. He took out his GQCrange finder, peroed. in on the Lead
         and fourd it to be about 101000' The circLe into which the sancer fel,l was
-saueer
about ]/l+ incfr in ctianreter and this vras held et armr.s length. The saueer eomplete-
ly filled the circle wirich, aeeording to the range-finder, is about the size tf a
Frtgl    Both saucors were hr:illiant wirite, sending out a liow fron their surfaces.
     Io.:.C saueer had some t$gr6 of beam projecting frm the bow antl as it skimmad a-
     , the beam was noved fron about a ?O degree arrgle fonvard to about a lr5 aegree
  gle donnviard. The heam seemed to be bluish !n color and even at that distance it
     visible.

       NEITARK, pSl4tddREeB June 1956,- Richard, M, Johnson, whlle praetieing obsenra-
  on for the conring eart'h satellite  prograrn, spotted two plnpolnts of dull vftlte
  glt.       titg !+*.he was.observing a DC-3 nH.ch wad erulslng at about 6-101000
 eetnand-A!about'.$ nife ncnth of htm. Johnson noted two obJecis, orre a ltttli     in
 ront of the otherr pess the plane at the same altitude and very close to it.        For
  rnonent Johnson thought the objects would colUde with the pIano, The obJects
  re pursuing acourse from east to west, and he saw thern tdim outt as they passed
    plane, thus assuning they were on tite far side of the plare.     He put dowrr his
                                           APn0:' Bulletin
                                        SIGI{TII\NS(Cont,'d)
                                   RECENT
                                                                             .
binoeulers, rith which fre |aa beeri bbsenring the plane *a'' ti," obJects and conse-
quently lost sight. of them.. They were not visible to the naked eye. Johnson, a
member, i.s an arnatetr astronomer and has expressed his opinion that if one took the
tirne to watch the'sky every nigiit for a week, one would sight at least one,1IF0tn
that'period of tifrei   llle are inclined to agree, only wish the iire was available to
tlS r
                                            +fltti*F"Y-)t+F)F)i*tlt-F)?jf


       ' A radio riport on ?2 July sald that an Air Force plane had crash-larrted due to
     ing struck in the aer by ranother aircraftt.       Although the plaoe and exact clate
     re not noted at the. timel d friend in dlanogordo inforns us that he heard Paul
    arveJr discusslnq J-t on his news Drograi ard that acconding to Harvey the plane was
    truek by au object whlch came frorn above, tslicedt through an elevator surface on
        sir.ie.. I{o evidenee of burning or seorehing, so we can asslxne that a neteor did
        do thc drmage. vfe would Like to a,sk rnarnbersto subnit any and all- information
      this particular     accidcnt for it has all- the earrnarks of the nDum-DumAirport In-
      ent of a couple of years ago.
        :,_,                                tF)r+f+(i(-)t+F)He$is)(-)t-!*


     As of 28 July the Director, ltr. Lorcnzcn and ttre fan-i1y will be vacationing in
    onsin.They hope to be able to be able to stop and vlsit a fevr menbers on the
reyt brrt canrt promise arry real vtsiting for'ldr. Lorenz,enfs absence from Hollonan
had been allotted for only 16 days. After this mueh-neecleri    vacation the lorenzens
vdlL be back in Alamogordo (abor-rt 13 r\ugust) re:dy to take an irorr grip on the eon-
,rng bulletins  during the late sr.unnerarrd faIL influx of UFO.
                                             {-)i+ei*-}r-)t-)(-+e$i-)H{-)+
!                                                       I

:'
                                                 DEADITNE

     The Jwle 23 edition of the Omaha ]l{or1d Herald stated that Dr. John D. Krars
of the Ohio State -Universityts radlo obse:rratory announeedthat ne.lvsignals from
Venus of a clistinctly  differ'ent tyne than the comrnonones resenbling terre3trial
thunderstornr static have been receiverl. He stated that thcy resemble ralic tele-
gre.phy in nany'lvaf,so Dr. Kraus was careful to state that the new signa]s ttpr:esuma-
bry eome f'on ve^us .'i
                                      rF)(-)rr,,-/.iHp,+ii*tFx+(*
                                   ' j'r

IS NgiI GOCDRI1IEIN PREPARATION
                              FOR CO}I-ING
                                         IJFOSE,{SON?

     As is the usual thing during UFOtnfluxes, the Air Defense Greund Observer
Corps has put out another urgent plea for new menbers. This has happened for two
seasons so far (1952 and 1951+)and werre beginni-ng to wonder if the renewed effort
on their part is not just another phase of preparation for IIFO reports and sight-
inge. Letters fron GOCsupervisors and membersin the past have lrdicated that the
Air Force puts a good deal of stress on the reporting of trFos by observers on duty.

      In 1952 the Director of APROurged all nembers to participate    !n the GOC
effort in order to senre a tuofold purpose: servirg the United States in Civilian
Defense arrd having the opporttuiity to use good equipment in ttre watch'fcr repor.ts.
GOC.posts usually are equippedwith rangedinders end at least one palr of good
binocufars,
