{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T02:45:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 48, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 997515, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127752-dpia-intelligence-module-2-disclosure-and-government-accountability-may-21-2024.pdf", "source_sha256": "22370e7332cd48b67f5c91dc50ec7b167ce7a7e3a08ebb68373545f948e93329"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2661, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Disclosure Project Intelligence Archive - Module Two
Executive Summary
Adapted from an oral presentation by Dr. Greer - March 2024
Disclosure and Accountability in Covert Government Operations Related to UFOs and
Advanced Technologies
This module is taken from a live event in March of 2024, and highlights longstanding covert
activities within the U.S. government related to UFOs and advanced technologies, emphasizing
the need for transparency and accountability.
From the onset of such projects, there have been significant advancements in technologies,
such as gravity control and energy systems, capable of transforming global energy and
transportation infrastructures. Discovered in the mid-20th century, these technologies could
extract energy from the quantum vacuum, potentially obviating conventional energy sources,
which has led to their suppression to protect industrial and financial interests.
Historical manipulation by covert entities has involved staging extraterrestrial events to control
public perception and policy. This deception has been perpetuated through psychological
warfare, misinformation, and the use of advanced biotechnologies to create Programmed Life
Forms (PLFs), which mimic extraterrestrial beings. Such operations are aimed at justifying
national security measures and perpetuating the power of the military-industrial complex.
The ethical and legal implications of these secretive projects are profound, involving staged
alien invasions and the potential for catastrophic misuse of technologies that could disrupt
global stability. The documents call for urgent legal and governmental intervention to curb these
practices, which include manipulating public sentiment through fear, to preventing misuse of
technology that could lead to catastrophic global consequences.
Despite the gravity and potential impact of these projects, there has been a consistent failure
within government circles to adequately address or investigate these issues. Panels and
committees that have been established, ostensibly to study UFO phenomena and advanced
technologies, have been compromised by corruption, with key members systematically
excluded from access to truthful information.
The information as presented underscores the importance of protecting whistleblowers who
come forward with sensitive information about these operations. Dr. Greer and his team have
faced significant challenges and threats due to their efforts to expose these activities. The lack
of protection and serious consideration for these whistleblowers reflects a broader issue of
systemic corruption and the manipulation of scientific and media narratives.
1

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 616, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As the Director of the Global Disclosure Movement, Dr. Greer emphasizes that it is not his
responsibility to oversee such investigations but that of the public and responsible authorities.
In conclusion, this module advocates for a comprehensive reevaluation of these secretive
projects and the implementation of robust measures to ensure transparency and
accountability. It calls for the involvement of international leaders and global cooperation to
address the implications of these technologies and operations, emphasizing the need for an
open and honest dialogue about their existence and impact.
DPIA - 2024
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDIVIDUALS ARE NOW AUTHORIZED TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION WITHOUT FACING LEGAL
PENALTIES. The projects they may expose have been deemed illegal. Any supposedly
classified information related to these illegal projects can be brought forward, as these
classifications are considered invalid due to the unlawful nature of the projects themselves.
ANY POTENTIAL WHISTLEBLOWERS NOW HAVE PROTECTION. This protection removes any
previous barriers to coming forward with information, whether it involves material evidence
(bodies, metals, etc.), documents, or methods related to these undisclosed criminal
enterprises which legally LACK ANY LEGITIMATE NATIONAL SECURITY CLAIMS.
THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION, aimed at those who have been hesitant, by providing them the security
assurances needed to disclose information that could be crucial in addressing and correcting
clandestine and unauthorized activities.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2788, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This module reviews several general categories, particularly focusing on those that provide an
overarching view. While a number of these categories have already been addressed in briefings
prepared for the law enforcement team to ensure they have sufficient intelligence for their
operations, this module is more relevant to the general public.
The initial topic concerns the mechanisms and historical evolution of secrecy surrounding this
subject and traces how the secrecy developed, starting from significant events in the 1940s,
including encounters with what were known during World War II as Foo Fighters, that were
tracked by U.S. military intelligence.
These insights explore how the management of this information has evolved into the present
day.
The name Foo Fighters was originally derived from the mysterious luminous objects that zipped
around aircraft during World War II. Dr. Greer had a friend, Dr. John Altschuler, now deceased,
who was the nephew of General Jimmy Doolittle. Gen. Doolittle, a well-regarded figure from
World War II, was sent to the European theater by President Roosevelt to investigate these
phenomena. Upon his return, he reportedly informed President Roosevelt that these objects
were "interplanetary vehicles," a revelation believed to have occurred around 1942 to 1944.
Around the same time, there were experimental uses of Tesla scalar systems, even before
electromagnetic pulse (EMP) systems were developed. There were several downed objects
during this period, including a well-documented incident in 1942.
[document link]
There is substantial evidence to suggest that such incidents predated 1942, as indicated by
documented dissections - correctly termed because the subjects were non-human intelligences,
while the term 'autopsy' is used when dissecting a human. An image from a dissection, dated
between 1920 and 1927 is located in the archives.
[image link]
There are classified black files on the subject of UFOs dating back to the late 1800s that have
never been released. Despite the common belief that documents are automatically declassified
after a certain number of years, this does not apply to illegal black projects. Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) officers do not have access to these documents, so they remain hidden
from the public.
Such highly classified and secretive programs investigating these phenomena evolved from the
early and mid-20th century, through World War II, and beyond. During this period, significant
material was collected for study, leading to major advances. One such advancement involved an
influential billionaire named Paul Mellon, along with Allen Dulles and General Patton. Allen
Dulles went on to be one of the founders of the CIA and was appointed CIA Director by
President Dwight Eisenhower.
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2749, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
At the end of World War Il, according to John Warner IV, grandson of Paul Mellon and son of
Senator John Warner, Paul Mellon secured a Nazi aircraft known as the "Nazi disk," distinct
from the well-documented Nazi Bell.
This disc utilized electrogravitic technology, involving high voltage electrical fields that create a
space-time bubble, enabling gravity annihilation and control. Although the Nazis did not perfect
this technology, it represented a significant advancement.
Many of these brilliant aerospace minds were later integrated into the U.S. intelligence and
military sectors through Operation Paperclip. This operation involved placing a paper clip on the
files of valuable scientists to exempt them from execution at the Nuremberg Trials, thereby
preserving their expertise for U.S. purposes. These individuals were brought into the U.S. under
the auspices of the OSS (Office of Strategic Services), which later became the CIA.
This influx of talent coincided with pivotal events such as the famous Roswell incident in New
Mexico. Within months of this event, the CIA was established, and the Air Force was created as
a separate branch from the U.S. Army Air Forces.
These developments were crucial in reshaping the structure of intelligence and military
operations in the United States.
The evolution of technology through the study of extraterrestrial objects, initially, the
understanding of the energy and propulsion systems of these objects was limited. However,
advancements were made by studying the experimental and unfinished Nazi disk.
The pivotal moment came when more than one extraterrestrial vehicle was downed, allowing
researchers to acquire and study those that were not completely destroyed and still had
functional components.
The technological insights gained from the Nazi disk were combined with those from the study
and reverse engineering of the extraterrestrial material. This research was conducted by a group
of scientists who had also been involved in the Manhattan Project and the development of the
atomic bomb. This group included notable figures such as Dr. Edward Teller and Dr. Wernher
von Braun, who came to the U.S. under Operation Paperclip, and other highly accomplished
scientists. These individuals were tasked with studying these materials in secrecy.
A document known as the Wilbur Smith Document, which falls under the Canadian subcategory
of government documents, reveals that by 1950, the Canadians were trying to decipher the
activities of the U.S. program. It had become increasingly secretive between 1945 and 1950 and
intelligence from Wilbur Smith helped shed light on it, making the document from 1950 one of
the most significant historical records in this context.
[document link]
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2810, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This notable document reveals its date and contains four significant conclusions on the second
page. Originally classified as top secret, this document was accidentally declassified in Canada
and subsequently made its way to Dr. Greer. He received not only this document but also a
substantial file from the family members of Wilbur Smith, all of which is now archived.
[documents link]
On the second page of this document, a key point states that this matter is the most highly
classified subject in the U.S. government, rated even higher than the H-bomb. To put this in
perspective, the hydrogen bomb, or thermonuclear bomb, was not detonated until 1952. This
document is from 1950 and suggests that the secrets surrounding UFOs were considered more
critical than even the development of what was then considered the ultimate doomsday
weapon.
The document explicitly states that "Flying saucers exist." During that era, UFOs were commonly
referred to as flying saucers, largely due to their disk-shaped appearances. Additionally, it notes
that their modus operandi is unknown but a concentrated effort to understand them is being
led by Dr. Vannevar Bush, a key figure who also directed the Manhattan Project.
This indicates a repurposing of many scientists from the atomic and hydrogen bomb projects to
this even more sensitive project, leveraging their proven track record in science and secrecy.
The document concludes that the matter is considered by U.S. authorities to be of tremendous
significance. This official document now publicly released - likely by accident - confirms the
serious attention the U.S. government paid to UFOs.
This document is particularly vital because of its historical context and the explicit
acknowledgment of the importance of UFOs, making it an essential piece of evidence for
understanding governmental acknowledgment of UFOs' existence and sensitivity.
This is not a minor revelation or speculative leak; it is a documented and significant
acknowledgment from a reliable government source.
The document further details the role of Wilbur Smith, the official who compiled the report.
Smith had access to operations in the United States through backchannels and was tasked with
conveying this sensitive information to his Canadian counterparts in the intelligence and military
communities in 1950.
This document, along with thousands of others in Dr. Greer's possession, emphasizes the
profound level of secrecy and strategic importance that government authorities place on UFO-
related phenomena.
The changes that shifted the program from one that was initially sanctioned under President
Truman and known to President Eisenhower - both of whom were briefed on highly
confidential matters involving extraterrestrial biological entities, referred to as EBEs or "Ebens."
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2941, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is reported through reliable sources that Truman and his senior team were approached by
these entities who proposed halting the development of destructive weapons in exchange for
assistance in developing technology for a sustainable, peaceful planet.
This offer, however, was rejected because the stipulation required the U.S. to disarm its
weapons of mass destruction, a condition that was not well understood at the time in terms of
why the extraterrestrial civilizations were so insistent.
An important aspect to remember is the nature of the electromagnetic pulses (EMPs) emitted
by atomic detonations, which are well known. However, as discussed by experts like Dr. Perry
and highlighted in the archive, there is also a scalar signal associated with nuclear detonations.
Nikola Tesla, who worked on scalar technology through the 1920s until his death in 1943,
described scalar energy: unlike regular electromagnetic frequencies that propagate as waves,
scalar signals operate through longitudinal points that extend multiples of the speed of light,
reaching into the quantum entangled level of the cosmos where all points in space and time are
interconnected.
When the first atomic bomb was detonated, not only did it emit an electromagnetic pulse
capable of disrupting electrical communications, but it also tore the fabric of the universe,
affecting interstellar communications and travel. This is why, following the detonation, there
was an influx of ET activity, with large numbers and significant sightings, as these civilizations
were deeply concerned about the implications of humanity's experimentation with such
powerful technologies.
Truman, driven by the geopolitical competition with the Soviet Union and later China, was
furious at the proposal to halt the development of nuclear technologies, and the race to
advance these capabilities continued unabated.
Despite proposals from extraterrestrial entities, the U.S. government declined to abandon its
advanced weapons projects, leading to a stalemate between humans and extraterrestrials.
President Eisenhower, who took office in January 1953, was fully briefed on these issues,
continuing the high level of secrecy initiated by President Truman. Key members of Congress
were also aware, highlighting the early days of a highly classified yet legally sanctioned black
program, more secret than the hydrogen bomb.
It is important to distinguish between a black project and an illegal project. The former is
classified but not illegal if it has presidential and congressional oversight, specifically from the
select group known as the "Gang of Eight" - the chairs and co-chairs of the key Intelligence and
Armed Services committees.
The secrecy was driven by the recognition that the technologies behind these extraterrestrial
objects were far beyond atomic or thermonuclear capabilities, appealing immensely to the
military-industrial complex, as termed by Eisenhower.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2585, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As World War Il ended, operations focused on studying these technologies and conducting
more retrievals of downed extraterrestrial crafts intensified, particularly in remote western
areas like White Sands.
Contrary to UFO subculture myths suggesting that interstellar spacecraft could not navigate
electrical storms, such as those alleged at Roswell in 1947, these craft were actually brought
down by scalar weapons. This is supported by a document from Guy Hottel to FBI Director
Herbert Hoover, which is not contested. Because of its importance, it appears in the archive in
its original form but also retyped because of damage to the original.
[document linkl
This document notes that a new radar system had been activated around the time of the
Roswell incident. However, in intelligence and military terms, "radar" often refers to systems
that can act as both surveillance and active weapons platforms, meaning they could launch
scalar attacks on extraterrestrial vehicles.
These early radar systems were still experimental but capable of disabling an ET vehicle when it
was in a three-dimensional state. When vehicles transition to or from interstellar travel, they are
not in solid form but rather in a trans dimensional space-time, which allows for faster-than-light
travel.
[science and tech brief]
This detailed historical overview is crucial. Between 1955 and 1960, significant shifts occurred,
affecting the trajectory of U.S. engagements with extraterrestrial technologies and their
concealment under layers of classified operations.
The oversight and governance of extraterrestrial-related issues shifted due to a growing mistrust
in political leaders by military and financial industrial interests, who began to exclude those
political leaders from briefings on developments occurring during President Eisenhower's
second term.
This mistrust intensified around 1956, a fact confirmed by documents from the French Ministry
of Defense. They verify that Eisenhower had a significant meeting with extraterrestrials,
referred to as "Ebens," in the California desert near the location of the current Edwards Air
Force Base, which did not exist at that time.
During this meeting, the extraterrestrials attempted to persuade Eisenhower to stand down the
weapons of mass destruction that were disrupting communication and travel for ET vehicles.
Although Eisenhower was initially receptive to these requests, the financial and military-
industrial sectors strongly opposed any such actions, effectively isolating him when they
realized he might not fully support their agenda.
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2777, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This led to a significant act of treason, which has not been rectified as of March 2024. From
that point, the governance of these issues saw the U.S. President and key members of Congress
effectively sidelined, and programs that were once legally sanctioned black projects became
illegal operations. These unauthorized activities have continued and worsened over the past 65
years, posing a substantial problem that Dr. Greer has been attempting to address.
In his farewell speech, Eisenhower famously cautioned against the influence of the military-
industrial complex - a term coined by him, despite his background as a five-star general and a
Republican president, not by countercultural figures of the 1960s.
[video link]
Individuals close to Eisenhower, such as actor Jackie Gleason and White House Signal Corps
member Stephen Lovekin, confirmed Eisenhower's deep frustration with having lost control
over these projects. This loss of oversight prompted Eisenhower to warn of the dangers that
such secrecy posed to democracy.
The significant challenge for the public, Congress, and the White House is to understand the
historical context, which is crucial for grasping how we arrived at the current situation.
The dilemma faced by U.S. presidents upon learning they have lost control of covert programs
is profound.
Initially, Presidents Eisenhower and Truman were fully briefed on these matters. However,
Eisenhower was gradually sidelined, and by the time President Kennedy took office in January
1961, he received information from Eisenhower and others about these secretive operations.
A significant UFO sighting was reported in the newspapers during Kennedy's flight to Berlin for
his famous "Ich bin ein Berliner" speech, which he and the Chief Steward aboard Air Force One
discussed. An audio recording of this conversation, which Dr. Greer made with the now-
deceased steward, is preserved in the archive.
[audio link]
In this recording, Kennedy expressed his frustration, stating that the matter was out of his
hands, and he did not understand why.
This sense of exclusion from crucial information prompted President Kennedy, along with his
brother and Attorney General, Robert Kennedy, to intensify their scrutiny of the CIA and its
clandestine activities. This period included the Bay of Pigs fiasco, which nearly cost Kennedy his
presidency and highlighted the CIA's failures or possible deliberate sabotages.
At the time of his assassination, President Kennedy was actively working to regain control and
potentially dissolve these covert programs and even restructure the CIA itself. This effort is
confirmed by Bobby Kennedy Jr., who stated that his uncle was moving through the executive
review process to issue orders that would dissolve these programs.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2882, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Efforts to dismantle covert power structures within the U.S. government may have contributed
to President Kennedy's assassination, indicating a possible link between his intentions to disrupt
secretive operations and his untimely death. This situation highlights a significant and ongoing
conflict at the highest levels of U.S. governance over control of highly sensitive and potentially
extraterrestrial-related projects.
Dr. Greer has communicated with two individuals directly involved in these operations; one is
still living while the other has passed away. These individuals are highly sensitive and not
available for interviews, so their testimonies are not included in the archive.
It's important to note that the archive, which lists 755 whistleblowers and witnesses, does not
encompass all individuals Dr. Greer has debriefed over the years. Many of these individuals have
chosen not to disclose their identities or any details publicly.
The individual who passed away handled the logistics of the operation, while the surviving
individual, now elderly, was directly involved as one of the gunmen. This person was
subsequently promoted within an organization known as the Majority Joint Intelligence
Committee (MAJIC), which oversees UFO and extraterrestrial issues. He remains active in the
field, though he is preparing to step down. He is currently training his successors, including Luis
Elizondo.
This complex backdrop reflects the intense emotional and operational strains experienced by
leaders and operatives alike within these secretive circles, emphasizing the profound challenges
and dangers associated with governance and oversight of such classified projects.
A notable document involving Marilyn Monroe is linked to President Kennedy and the
extraterrestrial issue. The document, known as the Marilyn Monroe document, includes
sensitive content about her relationship with President Kennedy and his brother. During their
private conversations, often referred to as "pillow talk," President Kennedy shared classified
information with Monroe about extraterrestrial objects from New Mexico dating back to the
1940s, as well as other sensitive topics like Cuban affairs.
[document link]
As rumors of their affair began to surface and potentially scandalize the Kennedy brothers, they
decided to end their communications with Monroe to protect their political careers. However,
Monroe was furious about the severed ties and threatened to hold a press conference to
expose what she had learned from Kennedy. This led to heightened concerns among those in
power about the potential repercussions of her disclosures.
The document in question includes a wiretap transcript of a conversation between Monroe and
a friend, which reveals her intentions to go public with the information. The original document
is listed under Project Moondust, marked as "top secret."
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2826, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This wiretap was not just an isolated incident; it was part of a broader effort by the LAPD's
intelligence division in cooperation with the CIA, a detail Dr. Greer learned from meeting
someone knowledgeable about the operation.
At the bottom of this summary of the wiretap, the document is signed by James Jesus Angleton,
highlighting the level of surveillance and the lengths to which government agencies went to
monitor and control sensitive information leaks.
This scenario underscores the intense measures taken to maintain secrecy around highly
classified projects and the personal and public consequences of such secrecy.
James Jesus Angleton III was a key figure at the CIA, known for his relentless pursuit of moles
within the agency and his readiness to engage in wetworks, i.e. assassinations. Angleton was
responsible for eliminating any threats to highly sensitive national security secrets. The notion
that such 'kill lists' exist is often dismissed as naive by those unfamiliar with the depths of covert
operations.
Marilyn Monroe tragically became entangled in these dangerous machinations. By the time she
realized the severity of her situation, it was too late. It is widely believed that she was killed, and
drugs were subsequently planted in her system to simulate an overdose. Investigations suggest
that the drugs had not been digested or absorbed by her system at the time of her death,
indicating that she was already deceased when they were administered.
Years later, Burl Ives, a renowned actor and singer who served on Dr. Greer's executive
committee, and his wife, Dorothy, who knew Monroe, hosted discussions where Ives confirmed
the belief within their circle that Monroe had been murdered. The motive, however, remained
unclear until Dr. Greer presented him with the document outlining the reasons behind her
death.
This revelation underscored the lethal nature of the forces at play during that era, spanning the
mid-1940s to the early 1960s.
The document, dated just days before Monroe was found dead, reflects the extreme measures
taken to safeguard national security secrets, a practice that sends a chilling message across the
military, CIA, and political spheres. It effectively discourages any deviation from the line,
resembling the tactics of a criminal mafia: threatening severe repercussions to ensure
compliance.
Such activities became almost institutionalized as a form of protocol within certain sectors of
the government, leading to numerous killings, particularly those investigating the Kennedy
assassination. The rampant leaks and the subsequent need to silence those seeking the truth
led to a policy of total secrecy. This "if you know, I'll kill you" philosophy has led to a significant
disconnect between the Constitutional Government of the United States and the covert
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
organizations managing these programs, with elected officials often kept in the dark to prevent
them from interfering with the covert agenda.
In the early days of U.S. government UFO investigations, there were documents referred to as
the MJ-12 documents. While their authenticity has not been verified, they are believed to have
evolved into what was initially known as the Majority Intelligence Committee, abbreviated as
MJ-12, and later termed MAGIC or MAGI.
[document link]
These documents detail the operations of a top-tier management group responsible for
overseeing UAP (Unidentified Aerial Phenomena), UFOs, extraterrestrial intelligence, and
related projects from 1956 to the present. This group has assumed control over the narrative
and management of these sensitive subjects.
This control has led to a complete collapse of constitutional oversight, a situation that is both
understandable and deeply problematic, bordering on treasonous. Context for how these
secretive operations have evolved from the 1940s to March 2024, highlight the significant
changes in government interaction with extraterrestrial phenomena.
The history of presidential intelligence on UFOs, beginning with President Roosevelt and
continuing through to the current administration, identifies a critical turning point when it was
determined that politicians and most personnel within the CIA and Pentagon could not be
trusted with this sensitive information. This decision marked a substantial shift in how these
matters were managed.
Fast forwarding to the present, there is an ongoing narrative maintained by certain individuals
within the government and military-industrial complex, claiming ignorance of the origins and
functionalities of these technologies. Figures like Christopher Mellon and Luis Elizondo are
mentioned as part of disinformation efforts, particularly following the significant impact of the
documentary Unacknowledged, which reached nearly 800 million viewers.
These efforts are designed to mislead senators, representatives, and White House staff about
the true nature of UFO and extraterrestrial technologies.
In conclusion, this analysis is crucial for understanding by officials in the Pentagon, CIA, White
House, and the general public, emphasizing the need for a resolution to this ongoing secrecy
crisis.
In reviewing this historical context, it's important to note the contributions of a very senior
government scientist, Dr. Richard Foch, who has since passed away. He was the second
highest-ranking official at the Naval Research Labs (NRL) in Washington, D.C., the largest
Department of Defense laboratory globally.
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2790, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Foch held high security clearances, routinely briefed vice presidents, and spent his career
working in Secure Compartmented Information Facilities (SCIFs). He had access to what's called
The Vault, a SCIF where highly classified documents were stored.
Among these documents, he discovered evidence confirming that as early as October 1954, the
U.S. had achieved mastery over gravity control. This mastery over gravity control, involving
technologies capable of maneuvering objects at incredible speeds and directions, marked a
significant development.
[document link]
This advancement made certain elements within the government even more determined to
exclude the president and key members of Congress from sensitive information. This secrecy
stemmed partly from the propulsion systems used in these technologies, which required no
conventional fuel sources such as oil or jet fuel and were not reliant on batteries for energy,
despite their capabilities of flying objects at speeds up to 300,000 miles per hour.
These technologies, first discovered in the late 1800s through the 1920s, were believed to tap
into what is now known as quantum vacuum energy or zero-point energy, extracting energy
from the fabric of space itself. This concept aligns with Nikola Tesla's description of an infinite
energy field and Professor Dirac's reference to the Dirac Sea - a boundless sea of energy
available for exploitation.
These insights underline the profound implications of such technologies and the reasons behind
the stringent secrecy surrounding them.
The acknowledgment of the enormous financial and industrial implications of publicly disclosing
certain technologies has always been recognized by influential industrialists. Individuals like
Paul Mellon, who were pivotal in retrieving the Nazi disk and establishing the CIA with Alan
Dulles, had significant vested interests.
Notably, Mellon was a strong supporter of Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich, like other
prominent figures of the time such as Henry Ford and Prescot Bush, George H.W. Bush's
father, as well as Watson of IBM. This support is a matter of historical record and reflects their
ideologies.
After losing World War II, these figures sought to continue their agenda covertly, utilizing
advanced science and technology as their new battleground. This approach was not just about
power and wealth - the traditional roots of evil and drivers of global dynamics - but also about
controlling emerging technologies that could redefine the future.
Significantly, the scientific prowess of the era, including that of Nikola Tesla whose confidential
papers were seized by the FBI after his death, and the advancements made by Nazi scientists,
were co-opted into these covert projects. The focus was on harnessing quantum vacuum
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2584, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
energy and zero-point energy, which were described in historical documents as tapping into a
boundless sea of energy.
[document link]
The technologies developed involved electrophoresis and the Biefeld-Brown effect, which
demonstrated that high-voltage fields could levitate objects, a phenomenon tested as early as
1928-1929.
These innovations represented a century of lost opportunities, as documented in The Lost
Century. This film highlights how such technologies, if disclosed, could potentially revolutionize
our world by saving the biosphere and eradicating poverty - a stark contrast to the secretive
and controlled application envisioned by those with power and financial stakes.
[link to film]
The prospect of introducing transformative technologies in the mid-20th century posed a
significant financial threat, potentially impacting the revenue of every major Fortune 500
corporation involved in transportation, energy, and utilities - amounting to losses in the trillions
of dollars.
This potential disruption, which would have rendered technologies like internal combustion
engines and power plants obsolete, was recognized as early as the 1940s and 50s, and remains
relevant today due to the enduring nature of these industries.
The political, financial, and institutional powers of the time decided to avoid the upheaval such
technologies would cause. Unlike what is typically considered disruptive technology, such as
advancements from Silicon Valley or developments in Al, the technologies Dr. Greer refers to
would lead to fundamental changes in the global infrastructure.
For instance, in 1955, the Eisenhower Interstate System was implemented, ironically just a year
after such infrastructure became unnecessary due to advancements in transportation
technology that would eliminate the need for surface roads.
[document link]
While some leaders, like Eisenhower in his second term and the Kennedy brothers, wanted to
address these issues more openly, they were often silenced or disregarded by other powers
within the government. Bobby Kennedy, for example, expressed his intention to address this
matter if he won the presidency in 1968. He acknowledged the significance of the UFO issue in
a letter to a prominent UFO researcher, confirming his commitment to explore it further.
[document link]
Unfortunately, his assassination in June 1968 abruptly halted these plans.
In the early stages of UFO research, documents such as the MJ-12 papers surfaced, hinting at a
secret collective called MAJIC or Majority Joint Intelligence Committee, tasked with managing
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 368, "chars": 2695, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UFO phenomena and extraterrestrial intelligence. This group, evolving from the 1956 era,
effectively took over the narrative and control of related technologies, sidelining constitutional
oversight and establishing an environment where political and intelligence figures were
systematically excluded from knowledge on these matters.
Throughout his decades of advocacy, Dr. Greer has thus far been unable to convince a single
president or Congress member to confront this clandestine power structure. Despite the
readiness of Special Forces and defectors from these covert programs to expose the truth,
political leaders have yet to take decisive action and probably won't unless spurred by an
imminent crisis that forces the issue.
This entrenched secrecy extended to technologies developed from extraterrestrial materials
and advanced propulsion systems, as early as 1954. By the 1980s, technologies that could
manipulate gravity for propulsion were showcased to elite members of the military-industrial
complex at classified exhibitions.
One such display was witnessed by Brad Sorensen at Norton Air Force Base in 1988. This event
displayed not only conventional aircraft but also what were termed Alien Reproduction
Vehicles (ARVs), showcasing the advancements in man-made UFOs. Today they are simply
called ATs, advanced technologies, a euphemism for the man-made UFOs.
Documents from 1953, including those from CIA Director General William B. Smith, discussed
the psychological warfare potential of UFO secrecy, focusing on manipulating public perception
and reinforcing the cover-up.
[document link]
This strategic manipulation aimed to shape the public's beliefs by diverting attention from the
facts while maintaining the veil of secrecy around the advanced technologies developed from
extraterrestrial interactions.
The event witnessed by Brad Sorensen displayed these conventional yet unusual aircraft, dating
from the late 1950s to early 60s. They incorporated components from the Mercury spacecraft,
not for propulsion, but for their sophisticated instrumentation. This repurposing of technology
from manned space missions is quite common in experimental aircraft design.
Among these designs were three notable crafts, informally referred to as baby, mama, and
daddy, varying in size from approximately 25 to 100 feet in diameter.
[document link]
The official moon landing occurred in 1969, yet the technology showcased at the air show in
1988 seemed antiquated by then. They exhibited scorch marks that allegedly came from travel
throughout the solar system sometime between 1959 and the early 60s, suggesting extensive
testing or usage beyond typical aeronautical capabilities.
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These demonstrations were not just about showcasing past achievements but also about
securing more funding to advance these already highly developed technologies.
There is old film footage in the archive depicting UFOs that appear to flutter down like leaves.
[film links]
These were actually home movies from people who captured early experimental attempts to
operate these ARV crafts. The public misinterpretation of these as alien crafts served as a
convenient cover.
This introduces the topic of deception and counterintelligence, where advanced technology is
deployed in such a way that leads the public to believe it is extraterrestrial, thus obscuring the
true origins and capabilities of the technology.
The technologies powering these objects represent a far greater secret than the mere presence
of multiple extraterrestrial civilizations visiting Earth. The real magnitude of the secret lies in
the technologies themselves.
The organization controlling this information prefers the public to focus on the alien narratives,
aligning with their explanations of why these aliens are here, which serves their broader agenda
of maintaining secrecy and control.
The majority of what is presented in retail ufology and reporting - around 90% - is designed to
mislead the public, functioning as a psychological operation (PSYOP). The authorities behind
these operations are content to perpetuate these misleading narratives. However, they strictly
oppose any public acknowledgment of the existence of advanced technologies in covert human
hands.
Revealing these technologies would prompt critical thinkers to question why, if not for flight,
the underlying energy technologies aren't utilized to replace fossil fuels, thereby eradicating
global poverty, and rescuing the biosphere.
The real potential of these technologies could transform them into stationary power plants that
could render traditional energy sources like oil, gas, and coal obsolete. Yet, this transformation
is staunchly resisted because it conflicts with entrenched industrial interests. Phrases like
"what's good for GM is good for America" reflect a time when corporate interests often aligned
with national interests, but in this context, it signifies the deep-seated resistance from financial
and industrial sectors that benefit from maintaining the status quo.
These industrial, military, and intelligence sectors effectively dictate policies, possessing far
greater power and financial resources than the White House, Congress, or the Pentagon.
Essentially, the U.S. discretionary budget is minuscule in comparison to the wealth controlled
by these entities.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2650, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This situation is fundamentally about maintaining power. Those who have it are unwilling to
relinquish it by allowing revolutionary technologies that could fundamentally change industries
like aerospace and shipping, which still rely on antiquated, environmentally damaging
technologies, some of which have not advanced since the 1800s.
The immense sums, trillions of dollars, spent on ineffective environmental and poverty
solutions, highlight the tragic misallocation of resources that could otherwise fund truly
transformative technologies.
Taxpayers have already funded these technologies which are controlled by criminal,
treasonous, and murderous groups. Addressing this situation poses a significant challenge for
the White House, Congress, and the American public.
And there are greater applications of these technologies beyond mere space exploration.
A Central Intelligence Agency document from 1953, signed by CIA Director Smith, illustrates the
perceived psychological warfare value of these technologies. This document suggests staging
events, via stagecraft, to portray extraterrestrial life as a threat, thereby manipulating public
perception and justifying the allocation of trillions of dollars towards both overt and covert
projects.
[document link]
Dr. Greer came into possession of this document in the 1990s. It details strategies for
psychological warfare as well as intelligence and operations related to the UFO issue. It helped
shape covert programs as secretive as the R&D efforts aimed at reverse engineering
extraterrestrial crafts.
These programs began to deploy early man-made UFOs to orchestrate staged alien contact
events, also known as abductions. The case of Betty and Barney Hill is one such early example.
The narrative of extraterrestrial abductions was fabricated using man-made crafts and
stagecraft techniques, designed to mimic alien abductions.
This manipulation aimed to confuse the public's understanding of genuine extraterrestrial
contact experiences, which were peaceful, like those that Dr. Greer facilitates through CE5
contact methods.
The shift in narrative towards depicting aliens as hostile invaders, allegedly harming humans
and posing a national security threat, justified secretive operations and substantial funding for
defense initiatives such as Star Wars and the Space Force. This strategy emerged around 1952-
1953 when the U.S. had operational alien reproduction vehicles (ARVs) and were ready to
deploy them.
By creating a climate of fear around the UFO phenomenon, the covert forces intended to
dissuade the public from exploring the subject. These plans involved staging attacks,
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
abductions, and animal mutilations, with Delta Force and other operatives using ARVs to
execute these acts.
Dr. Greer had met numerous individuals involved in these operations years before the advent
of robotic "aliens" commonly referred to as "grays." Instead, small-statured humans were
disguised using Hollywood-style makeup and stagecraft and deployed to abduct people who
witnessed unauthorized activities or ventured too close to secretive operations.
These abductees were subjected to drugs, hallucinogens, and advanced electromagnetic
technologies similar to those associated with Havana syndrome, before being returned with
manipulated memories.
While genuine extraterrestrial-human interactions have occurred, they are rare and
overshadowed by numerous staged incidents meant to obfuscate and confuse public and
official understanding. Dr. Greer's efforts aim to differentiate authentic encounters from
manufactured ones.
U.S. Presidents Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump were directly misled and manipulated by
counterintelligence operatives, who fed them false information to influence certain
government policy regarding UFOs and extraterrestrial interactions.
Media figures like Tucker Carlson have also been misled by presentations of man-made events
designed to mimic extraterrestrial activities, leading them to draw incorrect conclusions about
extraterrestrial encounters. This strategy is part of a sophisticated effort that originated in the
early 1950s and has evolved significantly over the decades as technologies have advanced.
The testimony of disclosure witness, Fred Bell, who in 1953 at a classified Air Force base in
Cannes, observed an ashtray being teleported from one part of the base to the other,
highlighting the advanced nature and hidden capabilities of the technology being concealed.
This brief historical overview serves to illustrate the extent of these counterintelligence
operations.
The extent of technological advancements that resemble teleportation, similar to what is
depicted in Star Trek, were reliably achieved as early as the 1940s. While many are familiar with
the Philadelphia Experiment, the actual activities took place in Rhode Island, with the
Philadelphia label serving as a cover story. Albert Einstein was involved in these experiments in
the 1940s.
[document link]
As technology has advanced, so too has the capacity for deception. These advanced capabilities
allow for the staging of events that are then misrepresented as extraterrestrial. These staged
events are often reported within the UFO subculture and by some fringe media outlets as alien
activities. A book titled "An Alien Harvest," which discusses animal mutilations, is an example of
how such incidents are framed within the context of supposed ET involvement.
18

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2726, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These animal mutilations have in fact been covert human operations. By creating scenarios that
instill fear, those in power - whether religious leaders, politicians, military officials, or dictators -
exploit a fundamental human response: fear. Fear causes individuals to bypass their analytical
reasoning and higher spiritual states, reacting instead with a primal fight-or-flight response.
This manipulation of fear is a technique well understood and utilized by those skilled in
psychological warfare, making it a significant tool in their arsenal, especially in matters related
to UFO phenomena. The study of these biological factors, which are distinct from studies
related to electromagnetic, propulsion, and teleportation technologies, was happening as early
as 1952-53.
Advancements in biotechnology that began in the 1960s and continued through the 1970s and
80s, up to the present, involve manipulating biological systems at the nanomolecular level in
order to create entities known as Programmed Life Forms (PLFs). These PLFs are not merely
robots or costumed humans but are bioengineered entities with integrated circuits in their
cerebral cortex, and grown in containment vessels.
Limage link]
Dr. Greer has met with multiple independent sources, including physicists who have had access
to underground bases both in the United States and at Pine Gap in Australia, confirming the
existence of these facilities where PLFs are developed. These sources, who do not know each
other, provide corroborating testimonies about these bioengineered creatures, enhancing their
credibility.
[document links]
Over the decades, these PLEs have become increasingly sophisticated, making them more
convincing as "aliens" than earlier, more robotic versions, especially to observers who have not
been subjected to any form of manipulation or drugging.
[image link]
The intense pressures and unethical tactics used to silence individuals with sensitive
information is a common tactic. One of Dr. Greer's top-secret witnesses, who was prepared to
come forward with information for AARO (All Domain Anomaly Resolution Office) and the
Senate Intelligence briefing, withdrew his cooperation after being intimidated. Men in a van
approached the witness, showed him his phone and computer, which had been manipulated to
display child pornography. Threatening him with lifelong imprisonment and the loss of his
children, they coerced him into silence.
This type of operation and similar, albeit less extreme ops happen on a daily basis. Recently, a
different-yet-similar psychological operation targeted a member of Congress. Unfortunately, she
believed the deceit, which is concerning. Such gullibility is akin to failing an IQ test.
19

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2757, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Some PLF creatures, resembling what many would call "grays" ETs, are actually modeled after
real entities. This modeling is a critical point of concern.
A man who had participated in retrieval teams for both man-made UFOs and actual
extraterrestrial ones came to a stark realization about the malevolent nature of these
operations during his first encounter with a genuine ET craft. He demanded to be relieved from
his duties at the Northern Nevada test range in the 2000s. Fortuitously, he managed to escape
the usually fatal consequences of defection, thanks to a highly placed uncle in the command
structure who facilitated his safe exit.
Ordinarily, individuals involved in such operations are considered lifelong assets who could be
eliminated if they defect. This is why when Dr. Greer was visiting black sites in California, his
security driver at the time, a participant in these covert systems, expressed gratitude for Dr.
Greer's efforts, acknowledging the difficult position of those trapped in such unlawful activities.
Even though the man mentioned above as part of the retrieval team managed a rare escape
from the secretive operations, he continued to face intimidation tactics. As he was driving back
to his home in the Northern Midwest, his car was halted by a man-made triangular craft, which
Dr. Greer identified as likely being a Raytheon triangle. The craft emitted an electromagnetic
field that stopped his engine - a commonly reported phenomenon. At this moment, a PLF "gray"
appeared at his window. He also saw Special Forces personnel in camouflage operating the
device from the bushes.
To an observer familiar with science fiction or UFO conferences, the creature would appear
alien. However, the man quickly realized the creature was about to incapacitate him. He acted
decisively.
Opening his car door forcefully, he knocked the PLF down, and upon kicking it, he tore open
what appeared to be its skin, revealing not flesh but a sophisticated robotic structure
underneath, filled with fiber optics and gray circuits. This confirmed his suspicions that the
creature was not extraterrestrial but a fabricated entity - a device - part of a deceptive
operation.
When he shared this experience with Dr. Greer, it aligned with hundreds of similar accounts Dr.
Greer had collected.
[document link]
According to Dr. Greer, such encounters have been engineered to perpetuate misinformation
within the UFO community through books, movies, documentaries, and conferences, making it
the dominant paradigm and belief system surrounding UFO phenomena.
These ongoing, highly sophisticated psychological operations that began in the 1950s, continue
to this day. That is why Dr. Greer advocates the urgent need for law enforcement and special
20

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2895, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
forces to stand down and dismantle these rogue, illegal projects that exploit civilians and
innocent people through staged UFO events and abductions.
Jacques Vallée is a renowned scientist who extensively researched the UFO phenomenon
during the 1980s and early 1990s. Vallée found himself entangled in a shadowy group that
included figures like Dr. Hal Puthoff and Colonel John Alexander. It was during this period that
Vallée obtained a document which he later discussed in his 1992 book, Forbidden Science 4.
[document link]
In the book, Vallée reveals that he secured evidence showing the CIA had simulated UFO
abductions in Latin America - specifically in Brazil and Argentina - as part of psychological
warfare experiments. This practice, according to the document dated from 1985, mirrors tactics
outlined by CIA Director Bedell Smith in the early 1950s regarding the strategic value of UFO
phenomena for psychological warfare.
[document link]
These covert operations, managed by clandestine groups under the Majority Joint Intelligence
Committee (MAJIC), involve the deployment of man-made UFOs and entities, both biological
and robotic, often accompanied by advanced weapon systems.
There are known cases in Africa and Latin America where covert operations have led to the
destruction of villages and orchestrated abductions, fueling the belief in an extraterrestrial
threat. A significant revelation from Werner von Braun, a key figure in rocket technology and a
former Nazi scientist brought to the U.S. under Operation Paperclip, happened on his deathbed
in 1974. Von Braun confided to Carol Rossin, the first female executive in the aerospace industry
at Fairchild Industries, that plans were in place to fabricate an alien threat, and it would be a
complete fabrication. A lie. This confession was made while von Braun was terminally ill with
liver cancer, and he admitted his involvement in these operations - he had been read-in - and
acknowledged their deceptive nature.
The ultimate goal behind staging a threat from space, as von Braun warned, is to manipulate
public perception through fear. This manipulation aims to consolidate power under a global
quasi-totalitarian regime, convincing the populace to sacrifice resources and freedoms - blood
and treasure - to combat this fabricated alien threat.
Despite the deception being entirely false, it has successfully misled many, from senior
congressional members to major media personalities and most within the UFO subculture. The
effectiveness of this deception is bolstered by the vast financial resources available, with an
estimated 20 to 22 trillion dollars funneled illegally into these covert projects since the mid-
20th century.
Understanding the scale of this theft, which equates to nearly two-thirds of the United States'
total, is crucial for comprehending the broader context of these briefing modules. This
21

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2726, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
understanding also hinges on recognizing the psychological warfare strategies and technologies
developed since the 1940s that facilitate deceptive operations.
In military parlance, a false flag operation is referred to as a "deceptive indication and warning"
or "false indication and warning." Such operations are designed to mislead by setting up
diversions that redirect public attention, a tactic detailed in the previous module called DDT -
Decoy, Distract, and Trash.
These operations are expertly executed by highly trained counterintelligence operatives who
have significant influence, especially within the media.
Dr. Greer had alerted key figures at the Pentagon about these plans decades ago; that at any
moment, with the press of a button, they could fabricate an alien invasion using advanced
aircraft, electronic warfare, weapon systems, and lifelike creatures that could easily deceive the
public into believing they are encountering extraterrestrials. Dr. Greer's proactive
communication has helped delay such events.
However, the existence of actual extraterrestrial beings makes it difficult for people to
differentiate between the two - genuine ETs and manufactured ones. This manipulation
technique is known as stagecraft.
The role of counterintelligence in maintaining the secrecy surrounding extraterrestrial
phenomena is crucial. High-level officials, such as the chairman of the Senate Intelligence
Committee or a new president, might be misled by trusted operatives presenting evidence of
horrific acts, such as mutilations and abductions, purportedly by aliens. These officials, not privy
to the information Dr. Greer has validated through witnesses and documents, might believe
these acts to be genuine threats from extraterrestrial species.
THE ULTIMATE GOAL OF THIS DECEPTION IS TO BOLSTER THE MILITARY-INDUSTRIAL
COMPLEX, ECHOING THE CONCERNS PRESIDENT EISENHOWER RAISED DECADES AGO about its
influence, thereby securing continued funding, power, and security clearances for these covert
operations.
[video link]
The entirety of the United States government lacks a fundamental understanding of the issues
at hand, to the extent that not a single senior official in significant positions within the
Pentagon, White House, or Congress possesses even a basic grasp of the subject. This lack of
understanding is problematic because it prevents these officials from distinguishing between
real events and staged operations.
The technologies used to orchestrate such deceptions do exist and are managed through
programs that operate without legitimate oversight from Congress or the President. As such,
these programs are unconstitutional, rendering any national security clearances associated with
22

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 3035, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
them invalid, and as stated in the previous module: all clearances related to these projects
should be vitiated.
A fundamental principle of constitutional and contract law is this: one cannot engage in illegal
activities and then use the law to shield those actions. This principle is particularly relevant in
cases where individuals involved in criminal enterprises attempt to invoke legally established
U.S. laws or state protections under national security provisions or confidentiality clauses.
Recent actions by the United States Congress have been severely misguided. The major mistake
lies in affording respect and security clearances to projects within secure communication
information facilities (SCIFs) under Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI)
clearances. These projects and personnel should instead be stripped of all clearances and
declared criminal enterprises. Granting national security clearances to these operations is akin
to providing organized crime syndicates with the same.
The need for transparency in government hearings is critical. Significant disclosures can and
should occur in open settings, contrary to the claims that such discussions must be confined to a
Secure Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF). The only details Dr. Greer would consider
withholding are those directly related to the operational mechanisms of electro-gravitic
technologies - specifically, how they function and their potential to revolutionize energy
systems, which could significantly alleviate global poverty and shift the world towards peace
rather than conflict in space.
Dr. Greer has clearly communicated this stance in meetings with members of both Congress and
the Senate. He argues that the secrecy maintained by covert programs not only perpetuates
global disparities in wealth but also fuels resentment, radicalism, and terrorism, all arising from
these profound inequities. Revealing these hidden technologies would foster a world of
abundance and prosperity for all.
The issues and aberrations we now face have been created by men, by human actions, and can
similarly be resolved through collaborative efforts - by people, both men and women, coming
together.
Congress has wrongly and repeatedly assumed that certain individuals involved in covert
programs hold valid national security clearances that necessitate secrecy. It is the definition of
insanity. It is unnecessary to conceal the existence of man-made electro-gravitic technologies,
although their potential militarization, such as being adapted into missile delivery systems
capable of rapid global reach, certainly poses a national security concern. An object could
potentially travel from Tehran to Washington in mere seconds to deliver a payload, such as a
dirty bomb.
While acknowledging these risks, maintaining excessive secrecy is not the solution. There needs
to be a more transparent approach, considering the global instability and the urgent need for
openness about these technologies that could transform the world.
23

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Imagine a world that is abundant, peaceful, and free from extreme poverty and environmental
destruction. Energy generation technologies, which could have revolutionized our approach to
environmental conservation, should have been made public a century ago. However, the
technologies enabling rapid global travel should not be disclosed until the world is safer, or until
there are robust international measures to prevent their militarization.
There does exist an unfortunate reality where the most perilous criminal organizations possess
these advanced technologies, while the legitimate government of the United States and other
nations such as Sweden, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, and Russia, are kept in
the dark. This structure of secrecy is replicated globally, maintaining a barrier between these
technologies and legal governmental oversight.
The majority intelligence committee, and its counterparts globally, operate as though the world
has no geopolitical boundaries, with complete freedom and impunity across the globe - the
Earth is their oyster. Consequently, they can function anywhere - China, Russia, Brazil, Africa, the
Middle East - executing their operations exceptionally well. Even Special Forces personnel, who
can operate globally without detection, do not compare to this program, which possesses
technologies that enable them to remain invisible, including cloaking technologies.
This comprehensive view of the history and secrecy that shapes this situation also presents a
solution to address these challenges: THIS SUBJECT NEEDS TO BE OPENLY ADDRESSED AND
CORRECTED BY THE LEGAL GOVERNMENTS OF THE WORLD WITHIN A VERY SHORT TIME
FRAME.
The issue of UFO secrecy has been concealed by clandestine operations for over 80 years, dating
back to before 1944. The technologies from the initial crashes and studies have been fully
operational since 1954, marking nearly 70 years of technological advancements that have
escalated exponentially. This rapid progression underscores the critical point that while
technology has advanced, the segments of the United States government, including the
Pentagon and CIA that are not involved with these secret operations, remain outdated. Frozen
in the 1940s.
As mentioned in the previous module, during one of Dr. Greer previous meetings at the
Pentagon, Admiral Tom Wilson acknowledged that although the B2 Stealth bomber was the
best asset available to him, there were far more advanced technologies capable of easily
outmaneuvering it, leading him to declare it "game-set-match."
Aware of his civilian status and without any formal power or desire to enter government, Dr.
Greer is a modern-day Paul Revere, sounding the alarm on these critical issues. The pressing
need for leadership to address these matters appropriately, so far has been disappointingly
slow and lacking in seriousness.
24

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2603, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Congress and the White House have given secretive projects top-secret classifications and
access to secure facilities, treating them as if they were legally sanctioned. This represents a
fundamental error in how such projects are recognized and handled, pointing to a serious
oversight in the government's response to advanced technologies.
Furthermore, these operations involve actions that amount to treason, including:
• the murder of innocent civilians
• unsanctioned abductions worldwide - a crime under any jurisdiction
• mutilations
• mass murders in villages outside the United States
• widespread deception
• the embezzlement of trillions of dollars over the years from U.S. coffers under false
pretenses.
If the director of the FBI and the head of the criminal investigative division of the Pentagon
cannot build a solid legal case from these facts, then perhaps they should reconsider their
position in law enforcement.
These are verifiable facts supported by witnesses and documentation in this archive.
Allowing this situation to persist any longer will lead to dire consequences. The ultimate goal of
the clandestine operations conducted by the Majority Joint Intelligence Committee (MAJIC) is
to achieve psychological conditioning and advance technologies to the point where they can
orchestrate a false attack on a global scale. This false flag operation could involve the
destruction of a building or a jetliner, creating the illusion of an alien invasion on Earth.
Such an event would unite the world, not in peace, but in interplanetary war. This has been
their agenda since the 1950s and why these psychological warfare programs are so essential. If
our leaders and the public aren't convinced or deceived, they won't support these agendas.
The key is to instill the belief in war and these programs, through psychological manipulation
and propaganda. Once this narrative is adopted by our leaders, the public, and the media, the
agenda gains traction. And they have succeeded in doing just that. It's essentially a done deal.
Unless someone can pull back the curtain and expose who exactly is behind these deceptive
operations, we're stuck on a perilous path. An ancient Chinese proverb warns "Unless we alter
our course, we'll end up where we're headed."
This is why it's a national security crisis.
In June of 2023, Dr. Greer emphasized that this crisis surpasses the dangers posed by China,
Russia, Iran, or the Middle East. While geopolitical tensions with these nations could lead to
catastrophic outcomes like thermonuclear war, this issue poses a greater threat to global
25

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2519, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
interests, democracy, and the United States itself. Yet, it is not being treated with the
seriousness it warrants.
Until Congress, the President, and the National Security Council grasp the full extent of what
this intelligence briefing module outlines, they won't take the necessary actions because they
lack a comprehensive understanding.
During briefings with former Vice President Pence, who is known for his fundamentalist
Christian beliefs, it was suggested that extraterrestrials were agents of Satan, partaking in a
final battle. This narrative, tailored to Pence's worldview, completely convinced him,
demonstrating a critical aspect of counterintelligence: the importance of crafting messages that
resonate with the psychological profile of the individual.
Perseverance is required to navigate challenges, to cite Winston Churchill's famous exhortation
during the dire days of World War II, when Britain faced relentless bombings by the Nazis:
"Never, never, never give up."
For Dr. Greer, his efforts represent a long-standing battle of 34 years - a war - with a potential
catastrophic scenario where the entire planet could be at risk if certain technologies are
misused.
Worst-case scenario: the complete displacement of Earth from its orbit, a feat that is
technologically feasible. This scenario could be misconstrued as an alien invasion, further
complicating the situation. This is why Dr. Greer stresses the importance of addressing these
challenges proactively to prevent such extreme outcomes.
This module deals with the topic of deception and illegal programs, highlighting a particular
focus on the operatives involved in such endeavors.
In 1953, a panel known as the Robertson Panel was convened by the CIA. The significance of
this panel came to light after Dr. Greer briefed the director of the CIA in 1993, which
subsequently led to the discovery of documents that detailed the operations of this panel.
[document link]
This historical panel shares similarities with a more recent proposal by Senator Chuck Schumer
to establish an external panel to study related issues.
A major issue with such panels is their vulnerability to infiltration by operatives. These
operatives, often appearing as credible scientists, are actually on the payroll of covert interests
and are induced to support certain agendas.
For instance, Dr. Donald Menzel, a renowned astrophysicist from that era, was revealed to
have been secretly on the CIA's payroll. His non-official cover (NOC) role was a professor at
26

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2802, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Harvard, where he maintained impressive academic credentials. However, his real task was to
discredit and trivialize the subject of UFOs.
These operations extended to enlisting astronomers and amateur astronomers to deliberately
hoax UFO sightings by throwing pie pans in the sky and photographing them. 71 years ago, this
was part of a broader counterintelligence and disinformation campaign aimed at misleading the
public, under the guise of conducting thorough investigations.
Moving forward a decade, the notorious Condon Committee comes into focus. Professor
Edward Condon was a physics professor at the University of Colorado Boulder. During the
1960s, there was a need to wind down and close Project Blue Book, the Air Force project
tasked with collecting an increasing amount of information on UFOs. Some individuals involved
with the project, including its head, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, were beginning to acknowledge the
reality of the phenomena they were studying.
To manage the closure of Project Blue Book, a panel, later referred to pejoratively as a "dog and
pony show," was convened under the leadership of Professor Condon. This panel presented as
a serious academic inquiry. However, documents later revealed that Professor Condon, who
was portrayed as an objective scientist, was secretly on the payroll of the CIA, serving under
non-official cover. This role was designed to deceive not only the media and senators but also
the President of the United States.
This is confirmed by documents preserved in the archives, proving the extent of the deception.
[document link]
The widespread issue of corruption affects various government and scientific organizations that
are ostensibly tasked with conducting impartial studies. It is pervasive. Bodies like the external
study groups associated with NASA and the AARO Office at the Pentagon are compromised.
The probability that any of these entities will objectively evaluate the facts, evidence, and
testimonies from whistleblowers within the system is currently almost non-existent.
This situation stems from the practice of using NOCs. Operatives involved with major
intelligence committees and covert programs don't openly identify as undercover agents.
Instead, they might hold seemingly innocuous positions, such as a professor of physics at
Harvard, concealing their true affiliations.
The need for greater public awareness about how such infiltration and capture occur is
paramount. This process of "capture" involves positioning individuals with significant credibility
in roles where the media are directed to accept their authoritative stance.
Consequently, voices that could reveal the truth are sidelined or blacklisted in favor of those
who propagate narratives aligned with the interests of these covert, illegal programs.
27

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 418, "chars": 2820, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This manipulative strategy is evident not only in media presentations on platforms like 60
Minutes but also in how hearings and committee sessions are curated, ensuring that the public
receives a controlled and biased perspective on key issues.
The corruption of fact-finding and scientific investigations began in the 1950s and persists
today. In fact, it's hard to identify any panel, committee, or investigation - whether
governmental or non-governmental - that has not been infiltrated and corrupted in over 70
years.
This is a significant problem due to the naivete of members of Congress and newcomers to the
White House. Every four to eight years, a new president is elected, and with them come new
staff and National Security Council advisors, all of whom lack the institutional knowledge Dr.
Greer wishes to discuss.
These officials, referred to here as "executives," whether in the executive branch or senior
congressional members, are incredibly busy. They spend much of their time on fundraising and
re-election efforts. Even appointed officials find themselves too overwhelmed to delve deeply
into the complexities and nuances of certain issues. Consequently, their lack of knowledge
makes them easy targets for deception.
The inability of these officials to conduct thorough briefings and research themselves makes
them susceptible to misinformation. This is the reason Dr. Greer is involved in providing
intelligence briefings, which are condensed into short, five to ten-page summaries that officials
can either accept or reject.
Dr. Greer holds no official position in the U.S. government, is not an undercover operative
(NOC), and has never received any financial compensation from corporations or the
government, despite having contributed millions of dollars in taxes.
The extensive and sophisticated infrastructure clandestinely built over 70 years exists within
academia, government, the Department of Defense, the CIA, Pentagon offices, and key Senate
and House offices, where undercover operatives routinely deceive their superiors.
Awareness of this issue began in 1993 when Dr. Greer was asked to brief the director of the
CIA. During this time, his host, John Peterson, who had served on Ronald Reagan's National
Security Council, informed Dr. Greer that the President and the CIA Director had been denied
access and refused any information on this subject, despite specific and repeated inquiries.
Initially skeptical, Dr. Greer found it hard to believe such a scenario could be true, as it seemed
implausible that such high-ranking officials would be denied access to information he had
documented.
However, it was indeed the case. Peterson confirmed that it was common practice to mislead
or outright lie to the President if necessary. This cynical admission was a stark introduction to
28

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 415, "chars": 2829, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the realities of Washington for Dr. Greer, who, as a medical doctor, had no prior involvement in
government.
This, again, emphasizes the need for a clear understanding of how deeply this system of
deception is embedded in governmental operations. Recognizing these realities is crucial for
understanding how we have arrived at our current state and how we can move forward.
When dealing with such high levels of inducement and corruption, obtaining an honest
assessment becomes challenging. It necessitates meticulous attention in the selection and
vetting of individuals who will testify, serve on committees, or partake in investigations. The
lives of these individuals must be thoroughly examined, yet there remains the likelihood that
some corrupt elements will infiltrate the process.
To illustrate the depth of this issue, consider the discontinuation of Project Blue Book. As the
project was shut down, the investigations transitioned into more secretive operations. Among
the individuals initially considered for this committee was Dr. Robert Woods, a top-secret
whistleblower now in his 90s. Dr. Woods was an aerospace engineer at McDonnell Douglas,
which later merged with Boeing. He was involved in highly classified projects known as the
Phantom Works within the McDonnell Douglas Research Programs.
Dr. Woods was closely associated with James McDonald, the founder of McDonnell Douglas,
and was selected to be on the Condon Committee. He had conducted research at the request of
McDonnell Douglas, and specifically Mr. McDonald, and possessed substantial files containing
hard evidence on serious cases. Dr. Woods intended to present this evidence during the
Condon Committee hearings, which could have significantly undermined the prevailing secrecy.
[document link]
However, Professor Condon directly approached Mr. McDonald demanding that Dr. Woods be
removed from the panel and dismissed from his position at McDonnell Douglas.
[document link]
Possessing real evidence often leads to being blacklisted, a situation that Dr. Greer has
personally experienced for over 30 years. He expects to continue facing such ostracism until
someone with sufficient knowledge recognizes the deception.
As a result, Dr. Woods was removed from the Condon Committee. The other members were
selectively chosen to exclude those who could affirm the validity of the evidence presented.
This practice of sanitizing committees to remove affirmative members has persisted into recent
times, as evidenced by the actions of the recent AARO Office.
For any FBI personnel reading this brief: a report released by this office is a fraudulent criminal
cover-up. The recently resigned director of the AARO Office, Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick, who was
mandated by Congress to investigate UFO phenomena, should be arrested on federal fraud
charges.
29

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2701, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The progression from the Condon Report to the Gerald Ford congressional hearings, which was
infiltrated by cover-up artists ultimately led to no substantive results. To avoid repeating past
mistakes, it is vital for members of Congress, the American public, and the media to understand
this history.
The Pentagon office, established by Congress to investigate UFO phenomena and gather
evidence from witnesses and whistleblowers, was designed from the start to operate similarly
to the Robertson Panel, the Condon Committee, and the Gerald Ford hearings. Its purpose was
not just to collect information but to cover it up or distort it.
This can be proven. Through the Disclosure Project, Dr. Greer took the initiative to bring many
top-secret witnesses to Washington at his own expense. These witnesses were provided with
transportation, housing, protection, and other necessities. Dr. Greer personally escorted them
and facilitated their initial debriefings with the chief investigator for the Senate Intelligence
Committee and his counterpart from the Senate Armed Services Committee before they
proceeded to the AARO Office and its SCIF.
Anticipating the office's approach to handling the information, Dr. Greer's involvement
extended beyond mere facilitation; he participated to demonstrate his point conclusively.
And this point has been proven.
Individuals who had operational roles at Area 51 and Nellis Air Force Base, directly dealing with
extraterrestrial matters, were brought in for questioning. During one session in the SCIF,
Kirkpatrick became so upset by a top-secret witness's truthful testimony that he left the room,
unwilling to listen further.
Another example involves Michael Herrera, the Marine who encountered an ARV craft.
Contrary to Herrera's account of the craft being man-made and operated by rogue Special
Forces in Indonesia, the official report misrepresented his testimony. The report falsely claimed
that Herrera described the craft as extraterrestrial. In the archive is a screenshot of Dr. Greer's
cell phone that contradicts the official report.
Limage link]
These summaries in the report do not disclose the names of the individuals involved due to
their classified status. However, Dr. Greer knows many of these individuals personally as he was
responsible for bringing many of them in. Many of the synopses in the report are inaccurate,
and this can be verified because he had debriefed these witnesses beforehand and has records
of their actual accounts.
[document link]
This is high-level fraud. Congress mandated the Pentagon to conduct an objective investigation
into UFO phenomena, however, the outcome, a report released in March of 2024, was a cover-
30

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2829, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
up akin to the Condon Committee and the Robertson Panel. It is crucial to understand the
workings of this system, specifically for members of Congress with whom Dr. Greer has met.
Those involved in the investigations are not genuinely seeking the truth but are instead paid
operatives tasked with obscuring it. It also implicates the media in this deception, specifically
Peter Bergen, the Senior National Security Analyst at CNN, who produced a cover-up article
that dismissed the seriousness of these inquiries and portrayed Congress as gullible.
[article link]
This is the corruption of the Fourth Estate - the media's involvement with individual NOCs who
appear to be regular journalists. Former CIA Director Bill Colby, who during the 1990s was
involved in efforts to disclose zero-point technologies before his untimely death, had testified
before a Senate committee, stating that the CIA had significant influence over key figures in the
major media. It got him killed.
[document link]
Such influence corrupts the free press, particularly when it involves corporate and intelligence
interests that wish to maintain secrecy. In contrast, a truly free press would be uninhibited in
reporting on political scandals or budgetary matters.
A document from 1991, during the George H. W. Bush era, explicitly states that there were
people embedded in media organizations worldwide to change, kill, or alter stories that were
not favored by certain interests. This document underscores the influence exerted on the
media.
[document link]
This revelation indicates that both the public and members of Congress, as well as the White
House, are under the illusion that the press remains uncorrupted and free. While media bias
has always existed, the situation goes beyond mere bias; it involves direct corruption by a
criminal enterprise that actively deceives the government and the public and engages in
criminal activities ranging from murder to embezzlement.
Those involved in this corruption are often on the payroll, secured through substantial financial
offers and threats. The late Carl Sagan is a perfect example, not to suggest his involvement in
such activities, but to illustrate the type of influential positions in question. Two of Sagan's close
associates, astronomers George Fennell, co-founder of the Extra Solar Planetary Society with
Sagan, and James Mullaney, editor of Sky and Telescope Magazine, shared detailed information
with Dr. Greer.
When Mullaney began providing information for Dr. Greer's research, he was warned that he
would never work again if he ever attended a meeting to discuss this topic with Dr. Greer.
Before being deterred, Mullaney, along with Fennell, shared critical insights: Fennell, who was
closely connected to Sagan and reportedly served as best man at Sagan's wedding, revealed a
31

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2601, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
significant event in Sagan's career. According to Fennell, an impropriety was found in Sagan's
PhD thesis, which might have involved plagiarism, an unattributed source, or falsified data.
This discovery was leveraged by the intelligence community, which presented Sagan with a
stark ultimatum: cooperate with them or face a career-ending demotion to a janitorial position
at Cornell. By cooperating, Sagan was promised wealth and fame, provided he publicized the
narratives dictated by the intelligence community.
The importance of this account suggests that those involved, like Mullaney, Fennell, and others,
could be deposed and put under oath to confirm these claims.
After Dr. Donald Menzel of Harvard passed away, there was a need to find someone with
similar scientific prestige to continue downplaying the UFO issue, a role Sagan was compelled to
fill through a combination of blackmail and bribery.
The coercive tactics employed by these powers within the intelligence community are a
diabolical combination of incentives and threats - the "carrot and stick" approach. There is the
allure of money and fame, the golden carrot, coupled with the threat of severe repercussions, a
very big club.
These entities possess the capability to dismantle anyone's life by uncovering or fabricating
compromising information. They have access to intimate details such as personal relationships,
unpaid taxes, and other potentially damaging data.
For those who resist cooperation, the methods can become even more sinister, as illustrated by
the case in the previous module of the witness whom Dr. Greer was assisting. This individual
had child pornography planted on his computers and cell phones to prevent him from testifying
to Congress about his experiences and knowledge.
These underhanded tactics are not isolated incidents but frequent occurrences in this field of
work. Even individuals who are respected for their scientific credibility are not immune to being
targets of both governmental and corporate corruption.
The challenges faced by Dr. Greer and his team are greatly compounded by corruption inside
the scientific academic community.
Dr. Greer and his team examined an Atacama humanoid specimen but did not claim it was
extraterrestrial due to uncertainty about its origins. Shortly after handing over the genetic
material from this specimen to Professor Garry Nolan at Stanford University, Nolan received a
substantial TEAL grant from the Pentagon. The grant, approximately three and a half million
dollars, was allocated for what amounted to vaguely worded research.
[document link]
32

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2599, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Prof. Nolan conducted the genetic tests deliberately and properly. However, when two of the
world's leading geneticists reviewed the raw data, they described the results as academic fraud
at the highest level.
Despite these concerns, major newspapers like The New York Times and The Washington Post
reported that the specimen was simply a fetus that had been aborted.
[article link]
There are glaring discrepancies in this explanation. World experts in genetics, who examined
the CAT scans and MRIs of the specimen, observed epiphyseal plates, indicative of bone
growth. Such plates suggest that the specimen was equivalent to a six-year-old human child in
terms of development, although it was only six to seven inches long. In fetuses, such bone
structures are still cartilaginous and not yet developed.
[document link]
Moreover, other anatomical differences, such as an incorrect number of ribs and unique skull
bones, indicate that the specimen was not human. Despite these findings, the narrative that the
specimen was an aborted fetus has now been firmly established in the media.
This widespread dissemination of misleading information regarding the humanoid specimen Dr.
Greer and his team examined, highlights that even reputable sources like a peer-reviewed
journal at Cold Spring Harbor and major newspapers such as The Boston Globe and The New
York Times reported the specimen as an aborted fetus, despite scientific evidence to the
contrary.
During his interactions with Professor Nolan, who initially approached Dr. Greer with sincere
intentions to assist, observed that Nolan's stance changed over time; a transformation he
attributes to external pressures or inducements.
Dr. Greer himself has faced similar pressures; in 1992, he was offered $2 billion to align with
certain interests, an offer he declined. Subsequently, he experienced personal threats and the
loss of friends due to his decisions.
A common tactic used to sway professionals involves presenting them with compromising
information alongside significant inducements, pushing them to conform to certain agendas.
Most people would find it difficult to reject such lucrative offers and might accept a "golden
parachute" to comply with the demands placed upon them.
Nearly all professionals, when faced with coercion or lucrative inducements, tend to comply
with the demands placed upon them. In cases where they do not, these individuals often
encounter suspicious and fatal 'accidents.' This pattern reflects the pervasive corruption within
the system that spans academia, media, government, and corporate sectors.
33

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2955, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Moreover, the general public, along with many members of Congress, lack awareness of how
counterintelligence operations function, often accepting information at face value. There is a
prevalent belief in Congress and among the public that society remains free and that the press
is independent, especially concerning matters that powerful global interests wish to keep
secret.
The media plays a critical role in perpetuating this cover-up. If the media had remained
uncorrupted and just two investigative reporters had researched this issue thoroughly, the
extensive cover-up would have been exposed as early as the 1950s.
In the 1990s, Dr. Greer was hosted at a salon in New York City, an event attended by affluent
and influential individuals, including the wife of the secretary-general of the United Nations,
Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Laurence Rockefeller and other prominent members of the New York
elite; the "New York 100." During such events, which he has attended worldwide, Dr. Greer
provided briefings to people who hold significant influence in society.
Among the attendees at this particular event was a man named Robert Schwartz. At the time,
Schwartz, who was in his 70s and a close friend of Mike Wallace from 60 Minutes, served on
the board of Time Life, which later became part of AOL Time Warner. During a conversation
with Dr. Greer, Schwartz made a stark comment about the state of journalism, stating, "The
Fourth Estate is dead and we're all scribes taking dictation from the right hand of the king,"
referencing the influence of the covert groups.
Schwartz then shared a pivotal incident involving Mike Wallace, and his respected investigative
news magazine 60 Minutes on CBS. Wallace had come into possession of some MJ-12
documents and was preparing to dramatically pull back the curtain and unveil hidden truths
about the UFO topic.
At the time, CBS was owned by Westinghouse, one of the defense contractors involved in
covert programs. From the highest levels of the organization, Wallace was instructed not to
pursue the story, marking the first time he had ever been restricted from covering a story he
believed to be significant.
This directive deeply affected Wallace, leading him into a profound depression. He began to
question his entire career and life's purpose. Wallace discussed his depression and suicidal
thoughts on Larry King Live shortly after Dr. Greer's own appearance on the show. Wallace
openly shared his struggles with his mental health, highlighting the personal impact of the
professional constraints imposed on him.
Wallace expressed a profound realization about his career, stating that he felt like a fraud.
While he didn't explicitly mention it during the interview, according to Schwartz, it was the
overt threat and instruction not to pursue the story that led him to question his integrity and
role as a journalist, as he was unable to cover what he considered the biggest story in U.S.
history.
34

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2740, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This has happened with other media professionals. Ira Rosen, a former colleague of Wallace at
60 Minutes who later worked for ABC News on 2020 and Prime Time news magazines, visited
Dr. Greer's home after the National Press Club event in 2001.
Dr. Greer provided Rosen with 35 hours of digital testimony from top secret sources and
hundreds of pages of classified documents. Rosen acknowledged that if the information were
true, it would be the biggest story in the history of journalism. Due to Rosen's position as
executive director, he believed that he had significant editorial freedom.
Rosen planned to organize a town hall meeting featuring top secret whistleblowers and to
create a series of exposés, just like Wallace wanted to do years earlier.
Upon returning to New York, Rosen was explicitly instructed by ABC headquarters not to
proceed with the story. Later, Dr. Greer received a call from Rosen, confirming that he was
indeed prevented from pursuing the story. Rosen cryptically referred to the decision-makers as
those associated with the Majority Joint Intelligence Committee and influential corporate
figures.
This interference explains why there was no significant media coverage of either the 2001 or
the 2023 National Press Club events. The media, regardless of political orientation, is
thoroughly infiltrated and corrupt. If there were an honest and courageous media outlet willing
to thoroughly investigate these issues, they could potentially expose decades of cover-ups,
going back as far as the 1950s.
Despite this, Dr. Greer holds onto a sliver of hope that someone within the media might
eventually come forward to challenge the status quo but advises against relying on these
corrupt media interests for the future well-being of planet Earth.
The entertainment industry is also heavily infiltrated by operatives from corporate and
intelligence backgrounds.
Arnold Kopelson, a renowned producer/director associated with 20th Century Fox during the
1990s, was given a significant budget of $60 million to produce any movie he desired. In 1996
or 1997, he expressed his intent to Dr. Greer to create a film based on true events related to
the topics he was involved with. Dr. Greer was willing to cooperate, but he expressed doubts
about whether 20th Century Fox would allow such a movie to be made without altering the
truth into fiction.
Despite these concerns, Kopelson was optimistic about his control over the project, claiming he
had complete autonomy to use the funds as he saw fit. He was eager to gather more
information for the film, Dr. Greer was organizing an April 1997 congressional briefing with a
private group of top-secret individuals. Considering Kopelson's high profile, Dr. Greer suggested
35

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2595, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that his executive assistant, a very astute woman, attend instead. She would be able to blend in
with the crowd more effectively.
She attended the briefing and later shared her notes with Dr. Greer, providing insights into the
discussions that had taken place nearly three decades ago.
[document link]
Dr. Greer was enthusiastic about the potential of creating a major motion picture that would be
seen by millions, based on the stories and events he had been involved with, marking it as
"based on a true story." He has discussed similar projects with some of the top Hollywood
producers and directors, including Ridley Scott, who were all eventually shut down in their
attempts to develop such films.
After Kopelson's assistant returned from the briefing and showed significant interest in moving
forward with the project, Dr. Greer offered Kopelson full access to his resources. Dr. Greer
mentioned that he had invested about $15 million into collecting the information, a significant
effort over the years for him and his group but emphasized that he was not concerned about
financial gain; his primary goal was to get the story out.
When Kopelson called back, his response was dishearteningly familiar. Echoing what Ira Rosen
had expressed years later. Surprised, Dr. Greer reminded him of his earlier confidence that he
could produce any film he desired. Kopelson's reply was succinct: "Not this one."
That marked the end of their conversation and the project. Again.
There are widespread misconceptions perpetuated by conspiracy theorists who, through
searches and speculation, often distort the truth. Dr. Greer's firsthand experiences and the
evidence contained within correspondence files in this archive illustrate the real workings of
global systems.
We live in a world where media corruption is prevalent and governmental offices can be
compromised through bribery, threats, or even violence. The situation is challenging but not
hopeless. There need to be clean, courageous, and honest individuals within the media or
government with the power to subpoena, administer oaths, and expose the information that
has been concealed.
Over the past 30 years, Dr. Greer has engaged with influential figures in Congress, the White
House, and other global leaders, including ministers of defense from Great Britain, Canada, and
Australia - four of the Five Eyes intelligence alliance, with only New Zealand remaining
unengaged at the ministerial level. The problems of secrecy, counterintelligence, infiltration,
and corruption are not confined to the United States but mirrored globally.
36

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 437, "chars": 2956, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This global architecture of secrecy affects even countries like Great Britain and Japan, where Dr.
Greer has interacted with high-level officials, including a Japanese minister responsible for
science and technology, who expressed interest in disclosing the information Dr. Greer has
compiled. This widespread pattern underscores the challenges of bringing such secretive
information to light, despite interest from various international leaders.
Dr. Greer recounts his extensive efforts to engage with influential figures worldwide over the
past 30 years, aiming to move forward with his disclosure projects. He shares an example from
Japan, a country known for its technological advancements, where a high-ranking official
expressed initial enthusiasm for the project. However, this official later communicated to Dr.
Greer that he had been effectively shut down and could not proceed
This pattern of initial openness followed by abrupt shutdowns is common, highlighting the
crucial need for integrity, honesty, and, most importantly, courage. While many individuals
possess integrity and honesty, lacking the courage to confront and withstand opposition from
powerful interests renders these qualities ineffective.
Despite starting with good intentions and a genuine desire to make a positive impact, many of
the men and women Dr. Greer has worked with have been unable to maintain their course
when faced with significant adversity. The challenges are daunting, and the situation is even
more dire than it may appear.
Dr. Greer and members of his team have faced significant challenges and dangers in their work,
including severe measures, like waterboarding.
Tragically, people on Dr. Greer's team have been killed, including the former CIA Director Bill
Colby, who had intended to defect from his group and collaborate with Dr. Greer by handing
over a zero-point device in 1995. Before he could meet with a member of Dr. Greer's board,
Colby was found deceased, floating down a river south of Washington, D.C., marking a very
painful and tragic episode.
On a more hopeful note, there are now law enforcement personnel willing to provide
protection for individuals wanting to come forward with sensitive information. Although these
individuals are highly skilled, having backgrounds in Special Forces and trained beyond the
capabilities of a SWAT team, there is need for caution. They need to be fully briefed on the
adversaries they might face, as Dr. Greer has for a new law enforcement team currently being
assembled.
Dr. Greer is still deliberating on how to handle some of the more highly confidential files. The
identity of a former chairman of a major corporation, who reached out for help, will only be
disclosed to investigators and Special Forces personnel whom Dr. Greer trusts to provide
protection. Shortly after contacting Dr. Greer, this individual was threatened by an operative
who warned that his entire family could be targeted.
37

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2926, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The former chairman was concerned about two major issues:
Firstly, there was the potential confiscation of his substantial assets, accumulated through his
involvement with the corporation, which he believes were largely ill-gotten gains linked to the
undisclosed technologies he was involved with.
Secondly, he possessed schematics and documents that proved the corporation's possession of
so-called "free energy devices." He expressed that these could have provided free energy for
everyone on Earth for decades.
As he ages and contemplates his mortality, the former chairman is troubled by his past actions,
which he feels have contributed to widespread death and poverty. He is now facing a moral
reckoning, questioning whether he wants to leave this world burdened by such a legacy.
On the broader issue of moral and ethical behavior among corporate leaders and politicians,
many who hold these positions tend to exhibit sociopathic traits, prioritizing their interests
above all else. This self-centeredness is prevalent among senior corporate figures and
politicians, who often strive to advance their positions at the expense of others.
These traits are evident in about 4.5% of the U.S. population, which equates to roughly 18
million people. High-functioning individuals among this group often ascend to high-ranking
positions within corporations and governments.
When this former chairman was threatened, Dr. Greer sought help from his contacts within the
Senate Intelligence Committee, expressing frustration over the lack of adequate security
measures to protect such individuals and their families from criminal elements within the
government and corporations. Despite their good intentions, they are unable to safeguard
those who are willing to come forward with crucial information, leaving them vulnerable to
threats akin to those from a mafia hit team.
This dynamic must be reversed. The real perpetrators should be the ones living in fear, not
those who are trying to disclose important truths. Dr. Greer has advocated for executive
protection measures, which were recently confirmed to have been implemented, providing
much-needed security for high-value individuals willing to expose sensitive information.
It is vital that whistleblowers and similar individuals be protected by law enforcement and
federal marshals, when necessary. Those providing security should include operatives from elite
units like the Green Berets or Navy SEALs, who possess capabilities far beyond standard police
forces or typical FBI agents. Such protection measures have now been offered and confirmed.
Despite recognizing the importance of security for others, Dr. Greer does not anticipate
receiving such protection himself due to his lack of official status in any corporation or
government. He describes himself as "the dispensable man" or "the throwaway," underscoring
his own vulnerability due to his outsider status.
38

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2668, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In early 1994, during a significant meeting that took place after his discussion in 1993 with the
director of the CIA, Kevin Foley visited Dr. Greer's home in North Carolina. During a family
dinner, Foley conveyed that President Clinton and his team supported Dr. Greer's request for a
full investigation and control over secretive activities.
Foley also relayed a dire warning: the president had been advised that he could not be
protected from the group responsible for maintaining these secrets. They can't "afford to lose
another president like we did with Jack Kennedy."
This conversation significantly shifted Dr. Greer's perspective on the power and influence of the
secretive group he was challenging.
After ensuring his family were in bed, Dr. Greer learned from Foley about the significant risks
associated with challenging a group more powerful than the White House and the US
government; forces embedded within the White House, Secret Service, military, and CIA, whose
members operate under non-official covers. Foley then suggested that Dr. Greer, then 38 with
four children, should take on the challenge himself.
Dr. Greer was taken aback, especially given his limited resources and the enormity of the task.
Why would the President, who had sworn an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution
against all enemies, both foreign and domestic shy away from these risks associated with his
official duties?
Despite the risks, Foley continued, someone needed to take action, echoing a sentiment
previously expressed by Laurence Rockefeller in September 1993. Dr. Greer was dispensable -
that if something were to happen to him, it would be less consequential than putting the
president at risk. This blunt admission served as stark introduction to the political realities of
Washington for Dr. Greer: while others might avoid risks, he was expected to face the potential
consequences alone.
This type of dynamic has recurred throughout Dr. Greer's experiences and meetings.
[document link]
For those in positions of power, such as committee chairs and members of intelligence and
armed services committees, real change requires extraordinary courage. Leaders like Senators
Mark Rubio and Mark Warner along with Representatives Tim Burchett, Anna Paulina Luna,
and others, must recognize the importance of resilience. They must be prepared to stay the
course, undeterred by threats or inducements, if they truly wish to uncover and address these
deep-seated issues.
It's a significant challenge to expect politicians and other individuals to confront deeply
ingrained corruption and counterintelligence operations that have infiltrated major institutions.
39

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2757, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The understanding of this difficulty resonates well with law enforcement, Special Forces, and
Navy SEALs - groups known for their willingness to face such challenges.
The ability to identify leaders or mainstream media outlets of such courage, that are prepared
to address and expose these issues, is difficult due to pervasive corruption.
An attorney from the legal team of the Disclosure Project, also serves as one of the King's
Counselors for King Charles of the United Kingdom. There are plans to arrange a meeting in
Europe to address similar issues of secrecy and threats that are also prevalent there. Dr. Greer
has had extensive experience meeting with defense officials in the UK and other European
countries.
A head of state from a major European country who began to investigate these secretive
operations was directly threatened with assassination if he proceeded further. Individuals like
this should make themselves available to discuss these critical issues.
The manipulation and threats seen in the U.S. occur on an international scale and are part of
the global pattern, as evidenced by Dr. Greer's interactions with figures like Lord Hill-Norton.
The archive provides a comprehensive understanding of the scale and depth of these issues.
[documents link]
Lord Hill-Norton, a five-star admiral often referred to as a "Sea Lord", extended an invitation to
Dr. Greer to visit his cottage in Hampshire. This visit occurred in the mid-90s, around the time
of the assassination of CIA Director Bill Colby.
At the time, Lord Hill-Norton had previously served as the Minister of Defense for Great Britain
and was also the head of the military committee for NATO and the Ministry of Defense (MOD).
This position in the MOD historically included oversight of both Ml6 and MI5, providing him
with a comprehensive role; similar to combining the U.S. Secretary of Defense and Director of
the CIA.
Lord Hill Norton had retired and was serving in the House of Lords. He had become aware of
UFO issues through Timothy Good, author of "The Top Secret," and the stories of Lord
Mountbatten.
Mountbatten, a member of the Royal Household, had experienced a UFO landing on his estate,
which left a significant imprint in the snow, and was witnessed by his staff. This event piqued
Lord Mountbatten's interest in UFOs, prompting him to investigate further and engage with
individuals such as Dorothy Kilgallen, a journalist with knowledge about Roswell.
Despite his high status and connections, Lord Mountbatten did not make significant headway in
his investigations. However, his efforts and those of others in the elite circles of the House of
Lords, including Lord Hill-Norton, marked the beginning of a deeper inquiry into these
mysterious occurrences.
40

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 373, "chars": 2581, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Lord Hill Norton expressed his frustration at having been kept in the dark about UFO-related
projects during his tenure. When informed that there were clandestine and illegal projects in
the United Kingdom analogous to those in the United States, involving people Dr. Greer
personally knew, Lord Hill Norton was notably upset; furious about being excluded from such
critical information.
Dr. Greer was asked to bring over a presidential briefing document initially prepared for
President Bill Clinton, as well as documents assembled for the Director of Central Intelligence to
Lord Hill Norton's home for the meeting. During this time, Lord Hill-Norton candidly expressed
his confusion about why such crucial information had been withheld from him.
In response to Lord Hill-Norton's frustration, Dr. Greer posed a hypothetical scenario to him:
What if he had discovered a clandestine, unsanctioned group committing various criminal acts,
including murder, kidnapping, and embezzlement, and this group possessed technologies that
could eliminate dependence on oil and fossil fuels, restore the biosphere, and eradicate global
poverty within 20 years?
Lord Hill-Norton then stood up and exclaimed that he would not have tolerated such activities
for a moment. Dr. Greer explained to him that his reaction confirmed why he had not been
informed.
As a doctor, Dr. Greer likens the secretive group's method to a "soul biopsy," where they assess
an individual's psychological beliefs, integrity, courage, knowledge, and spiritual perspective. If
they determine someone is amenable to illegal operations, they gradually disclose more
information.
If they recognize an individual as principled and upright, they withhold information, fearing
exposure. In Lord Hill-Norton's case, his integrity and honor made him a threat to their secrecy,
prompting them to exclude him from sensitive information.
This pattern of selective disclosure is not unique to the MOD but is observed across various
levels of government and military. Some directors of the MOD, secretaries of defense, CIA
directors, senators, representatives, and even presidents have been privy to these secrets,
while others have not.
The decision to inform or withhold information is strategically calculated based on an
individual's likelihood to align with or challenge the objectives of a clandestine group. This
group conducts an analysis to determine if a person can be manipulated and if they will comply
with blatantly illegal activities, essentially assessing whether the individual exhibits sociopathic
tendencies.
41

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2819, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Those who do not show a willingness to partake in such corruption are excluded from sensitive
information to the extent that they are not even informed of basic operational details, such as
the locations of facilities.
Conversely, if the group senses that an individual will align with their agenda, they gradually
disclose more information, monitoring the person's psychological responses, communications,
and even personal discussions with close family members like a spouse. If an individual remains
compliant and does not deviate from the group's directives, they are progressively brought
deeper into the fold.
However, if someone is assessed as likely to challenge the group or become a whistleblower -
regardless of their high-ranking position such as president, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, CIA director, Minister of Defense, or chairman of an intelligence committee - they are
either kept in the dark or misled with disinformation.
This manipulation has impacted many members of Congress and several U.S. presidents,
including President Trump and Vice President Pence. The head of a prominent lobbying and
fundraising firm confirms that that both were misled with false information. She grew up close
to the Pence family and revealed in mid-2020 that the president and vice president had been
fed misleading information, leading to potentially tragic decisions.
Despite her professional prominence, she expressed these concerns based on her longstanding
personal connections rather than her official capacity.
[document link]
Misleading intelligence from trusted sources deceived both President Trump and Vice President
Pence, specifically, Vice President Pence, a fundamentalist Christian and head of the Space
Council. He was influenced by presentations that depicted alien activities as satanic works
related to apocalyptic prophecies, which he believed.
Since the 1950s, it has been customary for the vice president to serve as chairman of the Space
Council, and thus, Pence was appointed to this position by President Trump and given
significant responsibilities regarding UFO investigations.
The "soul biopsy" influence on both President Trump and Vice President Pence was strategically
crafted based on their belief systems, enabling manipulators to steer the formation of the
Space Force according to their agenda. This approach was similarly employed with President
Reagan during the 1980s to promote the Strategic Defense Initiative, also known as "Star
Wars," which aimed to develop space-based weapons systems.
A colonel, who recently passed and had been involved in military efforts to secure funding for
this initiative, revealed that while Reagan was receptive to these ideas, President Carter had
been approached with similar propositions but did not endorse them.
[document link]
42

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2707, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Regardless of political views, President Jimmy Carter was exceptionally intelligent, having been
a top nuclear engineer in his class at Annapolis. President Carter, who had a personal encounter
with an unidentified flying object near Fort Benning while serving as Governor of Georgia,
documented this experience in a report that is preserved in the archive, signed by him.
[document link]
The strategic manipulation of information also played a significant role during President
Reagan's administration. Early in his term, Reagan was presented with a scenario akin to the
movie Independence Day which portrayed extraterrestrial activity as a hostile threat. This
narrative appealed to patriotic sentiments and convinced Reagan of the threat, leading him to
authorize substantial funding for black projects focused on defense against these perceived
extraterrestrial threats.
A colonel involved in military strategies at the time confirmed that this manipulation was
intentional. He revealed that leveraging the alien threat was a decisive tactic used to secure the
necessary funding for these initiatives, aligning with the warnings of Werner von Braun.
[document link]
The importance of recognizing these manipulation tactics is critical to understanding the
broader implications of such deceptive strategies in governance and defense policy.
There needs to be a higher standard of scrutiny when evaluating individuals assigned by the
system to brief high-ranking officials like the President, the Senate Intelligence Chairman, or a
Minister of Defense. This caution is necessary because the information provided often comes
from clandestine, illegitimate programs. Those assigned to deliver such briefings are typically
well-versed in counterintelligence and psychological manipulation tactics.
Given their backgrounds, high-ranking officials such as the President or Vice President, often
without significant prior governmental experience at the national level, are particularly
susceptible to misinformation.
For instance, Vice President Pence was previously the Governor of Indiana, President Trump
was a real estate investor and developer, and President Carter was a peanut farmer and
Governor of Georgia. None had the requisite experience to navigate the complex and deceptive
environment they faced upon entering high office, a viper's nest of disinformation and
manipulation.
In the absence of a reliable and honest source of information, such as what the Disclosure
Project aims to provide, these leaders find it challenging to discern the truth. Without access to
independent and trustworthy information, these officials cannot effectively understand and
address the issues presented to them.
43

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2621, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
One such recent incident involved a Congresswoman encountering a clandestine FBI agent who
cautioned her against taking any information from Dr. Greer seriously. This is a recurring
challenge Dr. Greer faces; each time he provides insights, someone appears afterwards to
undermine his efforts with misleading or diversionary tactics.
Having witnessed this pattern again and again for over 30 years, Dr. Greer is not optimistic
about rapid changes, but emphasizes the urgency of addressing these issues.
Thus, the decision was made to make the entire archive of information available to the public,
providing a resource for any honest, incorruptible, and courageous staffer or member of
Congress to act upon. There is much work to be done on the archive in the way of refining the
labeling and organization, but it was felt it was important to make it available to the public even
in its current form.
The contents of this archive surpass what could be disclosed in a year's worth of daily
committee hearings. It includes testimonies from hundreds of whistleblowers and thousands of
documents.
Despite the vastness of this disclosure, it is doubtful that mainstream media outlets like 60
Minutes or CNN will cover the information. As a non-governmental entity without professional
staff or private investigators, and limited by a lack of funds, it is entirely possible for false
information to slip through. Dr. Greer is open to correcting any inaccuracies found within the
archive, stressing that while efforts are made in good faith to vet information, deception by
skilled individuals could potentially mislead them.
Ultimately, the responsibility for discerning the truth in these complex matters extends
beyond just one person or organization.
In the broader context of disclosure and accountability: Dr. Greer is neither a judge,
prosecutor, FBI agent, member of the House Oversight Committee, nor part of the National
Security Council. It is the responsibility of these entities to subpoena individuals, verify the
truthfulness of their testimonies or documents, and prosecute those found to be lying or
submitting fraudulent information. While these officials have the investigatory and legal
enforcement powers necessary to take such actions, Dr. Greer does not.
For 80 years, there has been a consistent failure in Washington to adequately address and
investigate these issues. As the Director of the Global Disclosure Movement, it is not Dr. Greer's
personal responsibility to oversee such investigations.
It is the duty of the public and the responsible authorities to thoroughly investigate these
matters.
44

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2739, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The Government Accounting Office (GAO), along with some contractors, had planned to assign
at least 30 people to meticulously review all the content and organize the archive, but a proper
investigation has yet to be conducted.
Plans had been made by Senate Intelligence and Armed Services committees, but they were
ultimately undermined and terminated. Similarly, a provision that would have granted amnesty
to corporations for six months before potential prosecution, was also removed. There appears
no alternative but to release the information publicly, ensuring sensitive personal details are
redacted to protect individuals' privacy.
The participation of additional people with credible information, documents, or research to
contribute to the disclosure effort is essential. The archive is a dynamic and evolving resource, a
living entity, open to updates and corrections. The possibility of inaccuracies exists. Most of the
content is reliable, however some errors may exist due to the lack of resources to fully
guarantee the accuracy of all information.
Anyone with relevant documents, information, or contacts with whistleblowers should reach
out to Dr. Greer and his team, so these can be included in the archive and help it grow to be
more comprehensive and accurate.
There must be transparency and accountability, especially for those within corporate,
intelligence, or military sectors who possess sensitive information.
INDIVIDUALS ARE NOW AUTHORIZED TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION WITHOUT FACING LEGAL
PENALTIES. The projects they may expose have been deemed illegal. Any supposedly
classified information related to these illegal projects can be brought forward, as these
classifications are considered invalid due to the unlawful nature of the projects themselves.
ANY POTENTIAL WHISTLEBLOWERS NOW HAVE PROTECTION. This protection removes any
previous barriers to coming forward with information, whether it involves material evidence
(bodies, metals, etc.), documents, or methods related to these undisclosed criminal
enterprises which legally LACK ANY LEGITIMATE NATIONAL SECURITY CLAIMS.
THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION, aimed at those who have been hesitant, by providing them the security
assurances needed to disclose information that could be crucial in addressing and correcting
clandestine and unauthorized activities.
In 1997, Dr. Greer made disclosures that, after 27 years, have not been refuted by any U.S.
government officials; no one has approached him to contest his claims, supporting his
assertion that his information is correct.
This opens up the concept of the inverse witness. Unlike a direct witness, who possesses
firsthand information from being involved in specific programs, seeing, or handling something
45

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2498, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
directly, an inverse witness is someone who, by all accounts, should have been informed about
these operations but was not. This category would include:
• Multiple U.S. presidents - beginning with Clinton
• CIA Director Woolsey
• Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee
• Members House Oversight Committee, including former chairpersons
• Secretaries of defense
• Heads of intelligence
• Joint Chiefs of Staff
Dr. Greer has spent considerable time briefing these high-level officials, including the director
of the Defense Intelligence Agency at the Pentagon, to inform them of operations they were
surprisingly unaware of.
General Patrick Hughes a three-star general and a top figure in U.S. military intelligence, was
directly denied access to certain programs. These individuals substantiate claims that certain
programs are unconstitutional and illegal. No project can be considered lawful if it involves
deceiving those who constitutionally need to know, from the president downward.
This is a crucial point that, if understood by Congress and the media, could lead to significant
revelations. It would mean that individuals could potentially bring forward documents or even
material evidence from these secretive programs, providing it to entities like the Disclosure
Project.
There exists a plan involving law enforcement and Special Forces, as well as a breakaway group
from covert programs at a senior level, to deliver evidence to the Disclosure Project. This
evidence will be added to the archive, which could face immediate threats of removal from
platforms like the Amazon cloud due to its sensitive nature.
The urgency of having robust backup capabilities for the archive due to its sensitive and
potentially groundbreaking content is paramount. The archive includes not only documents but
also retrieval videos and other substantial evidence, such as materials related to covert
operations within the patent office, where patents dealing with free energy and zero-point
energy have been seized.
The incorporation of this information into the archive represents a major challenge, not only in
terms of the volume of data but also in ensuring its security, referred to as operational security
or "op sec." Enhancing the security around this archive is critical and will require significant
effort.
Dr. Greer has received encrypted messages from individuals both inside secretive government
programs and those tasked with law enforcement duties on these illegal projects. These
46

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 3132, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
contacts have indicated that every black site and corporation involved would turn over material
to his team. This material will be offered first to the President, Congress, and other relevant
authorities at a secure location for their review, ensuring they also receive copies.
As the senior advisor to these teams, Dr. Greer also provides guidance on what to expect,
including details about the technologies they will encounter and the security systems at these
facilities. He has been informed by insiders about the dangers involved, describing the mission
as potentially suicidal, particularly for the number of Special Forces managers who have
transitioned from the military to work on this project.
Dr. Greer has been proactive in communicating with members of Congress, warning them in
the past six months that if they do not take action, they will lose control of the situation,
leading to a disorderly and potentially dangerous disclosure. He has cautioned that such an
outcome would force Congress to conduct reactive investigations, typical of Washington's
approach, which often involves playing catch-up after events have unfolded.
During the Clinton era, a member of the National Security Council remarked that long-term
planning on the council spanned only about six months, indicating a predominantly reactive
approach. This tendency to react rather than proactively address issues presents a significant
problem, especially given the global scale of crises that demand attention. Such a busy agenda
can allow critical issues to slip unnoticed.
The old Southern saying, "Look busy, Jesus is coming," illustrates perfectly how constant
busyness can prevent serious engagement with pressing matters. This mindset keeps those in
power preoccupied with immediate problems, leaving no room to delve into issues like those
Dr. Greer raises, which are often dismissed as conspiracy theories or nonsensical claims by
eccentrics.
This disregard is not accidental but a deliberate tactic to keep such topics marginalized. There is
a document from the 1950s, currently in the archive, that implicates Disney Studios. It outlines
a plan for Disney Studios to create cartoons and movies that would ridicule the UFO
phenomenon, making it a subject of mirth. This tactic of using media for derision is a classic
psychological operation (Psyop), a strategic approach also employed by Hollywood and other
media outlets to manipulate public perception.
[document link]
To further illustrate this strategy, the founder of the National Enquirer, a CIA operative and an
MIT graduate skilled in psychological warfare, utilized mafia funds to start the National
Enquirer. This publication became known for sensationalizing UFO reports, transforming them
into ludicrous stories, such as aliens engaging in bizarre activities. This method of ridicule serves
as a potent tool in discrediting serious UFO incidents, effectively making them laughing stocks.
Such practices trace back to the 1950s with Disney and extend to contemporary examples like
the coverage of the Peruvian mummy case. This case was strategically reported in tabloids to
47

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1670, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
undermine its credibility, demonstrating how counterintelligence tactics are persistently used
to manipulate public understanding of UFO-related information.
The reason considerable time has been devoted to discussing these various manipulation
techniques is simple: understanding them is crucial to avoid being deceived.
The importance of recognizing these patterns is pre-requisite to conduct one's intelligence
analysis and assess the truthfulness of statements. Members of Congress, investigators, the FBI,
and others must first grasp how the system works and identify the agendas embedded within it,
then differentiate between fact and fiction.
A primary tactic used by operatives is to frame extraterrestrial activities as a national security
threat, a narrative that has been consistently propagated since the 1940s and 1950s. This
perspective was notably emphasized by Wernher von Braun, a key figure in rocket
development for Adolf Hitler, who on his deathbed warned of the misuse of the alien threat
narrative.
This strategy aims to convince the public of the narrative's validity for two main reasons: firstly,
to justify keeping such information secret due to its perceived dire nature, and secondly, to
garner support for the covert management of these issues by military, intelligence, and
corporate entities.
The implications of human activities on potential extraterrestrial civilizations, if these
civilizations were hostile, would likely have been evident soon after humans detonated the first
atomic bomb. The detonation's electromagnetic pulse (EMP), with its scalar component, could
have disrupted their communication and transportation systems.
48
