{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T15:41:59Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4769963, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127728-apro-bulletin-december-1955.pdf", "source_sha256": "3fd2be57aa9d1b9f6b20ce16d7eba1bf2bfd9ef7b624bfd8eb9b8319ba34f9ca"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1959, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C
APAI, BURLETON
December 1955
Page cne
KEYHOE RAPS AIR FORCE U.F.O.
POLICIES .. AND CONSHIRACY
Dear APRO Member,
As the first publisher of a 'flying saucer" periodical, and a
pioneer in Uro research,
I have watched the progress of Major Donald
Keynoe in his search for the truth behind these
aerial enigmes, us-
ually with admiration and alveys with approvol.
Iwo years ago, aftei & thorough perusel of the already swollen
files fron six vears of collecting and research, 1 personaliy en-
dorsed Major Keyhoe's methods and approach to what has been the
greetost challenge ever to facc any scientific rescarch worker.
Sinco thot day in 1953, Mojor Koyhoc and I have enjoyca a very
interestine and fruitful associetion.
His now book,
"The Flying Sau-
cer Consniracy" brings i-ving saucer
research enthusiasts up to dato
on many hitherto suppressed UFO incidonts and reports end baros some
startling
thoorios which many research devotecs havo only dored on-
tertain within the privacy of thoir own thoughts.
nIho Flying Sauccr Conspiracy" not only citos many now and in-
trostin points enå reporis roletod to thu bec probiots hicing e.
provos beyond
e doubt that the United Statos Air Forco
groet doal of information which, according to Constitutionel lew, is
the rightful proporty of tho american people.
Mr. Keyhoc hes peinstakingly listed the out of contoxt quotos
which the Air Forco
usod to demago his claims rogarding the intor»
planetery naturo or tho ufo, enü brings out of hiding two concealod
military publicetions which cast a lot of light on tho Air Forco moth-
od ci invastigation of UFO toports ena divulged tho long suspectcd
fact thai military porsonnol cro coorcod into silonec about UFO
sightings or exporioneos br threat of courts-merticl.
Although importent fccts ond thoorios besod on incts ere brought
to light in the book, the most important phiso of tho whole bosk wes,
in my opinion, the point-by-point disclosuro of tho Conspiracy and

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2479, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dic 1955
HttU Bulletin
Page twa
and how it was concoivod and nourished.
With mounting frustration
the reader lives over again those days
in 1954 when UFOdom was dealt
a telling blow by the Silence Group'
at the Pentagon who were using
the free American Press to propagate- their own claims and discredit
the UFO believer.
I would like to recall a statement that I made in
a past issue in which I editorialized on the virtues of analytical
reading. If the American Public had been thoroughly schooled in this
noble practice, Keyhoe's 1954 publication would have forced the lift-
ing of
'the iron curtain of UFO censorship.
The Air Force has, at present, one great factor in their favor,
and that is time.
In order to lully understand the situation,
novice must go back through the past • years and gradually bring him-
self up to date on UFO information, thus getting the full, straight
story.
The 'Silence Group' of the
and although-we dislike fasing the fact, it is obvious that il the
UFO situation is to come to
a head at this time, it may necessitate
a startling incident or serics of incidents which could not be easily
alibied or hidden from the cyes of the public.
incon on the d
Flying Saucor Conspiracy", and follow through with demands for tho
truth channeled through thoir legislative ropresontativos, a slow but
novortholess inexorable disclosure of the truth will como.
Koyhoc points up the mystory involving the many midair acci-
dents which have bofallen both civilian and military aircraft, most
of which, it is now oviciont, havo boon in some way connectod
with tho
uFo.
hoaxers are choice and in the best oi tasta.
I fully expect that as a rosult of Major Koyhoo's now book, thoro
will be a loosening of censorship which will be the first step in tho
revelation of UFO facts.
In all probability there is a tug oi war
endprogress at this vory momont betweon the Pentagon'
'Silonce Group'
those Air Force personnol who bolieve that the American people -
are big cnough to accept the facts without hystoria.
We can only
hope that the 'Silenco Group' is finally defcatcd.
IN SUMMING UP:
If all the suporlatives known to tho artisans of litorary ro-
view wore to be emplowed in favor of "The Flying Saucer Conspiracy" I
feel they
would be insufficient for the portent of this book is bo-
yond moro words.
We may woll find somo day that it has had morc pro-
found effect on the lives of the peoplo
of the world than the refor-
mation or the fall of the Roman Empire.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2279, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Vec 1955
APAO Bulletin
Page Three
Wo would like to take this opportunity to prosent a rocont lottor
from Major Keyhoe which does a good job of speaking for itsoli:
QUOTE:
Dear Mrs. Lorenzon:
Thank
you for your offer to reviow my book, "Ihe flying Sauccr
Conspiracy", An advance copy has been sent to you. I hope that tho
evidence of
censorship and other UF0 information will assist you in
your continuod investigation of the flying saucer problom.
as publisher i to first ilying saucer investigation magazing;
you have built up a membership which includes many pilots, acronau-
tical engineers and other trained observors, as woll as thousands of
citizons scriously interostod in Icarning the truth. Through APRo,
you have an uncacolled opportunity to holp end the consorship of
flying saucer reports.
I am suro that concontration on the
facts, and
avoiding the many wild rumors -- or laboling thom as such -- will
con-
tinue to incrcase the numbor of thoughtiul Americans in your member-
ship. Many of these will probably demand, through their senators and
congressmen, that the Pentagon rolcase all the hidden flying saucer
information.
Pleaso accept my thanks for the vorific sightings and other UFO
information which you sent mo during the last two ycars.
Sincoroly fours,
(Signed) Donald E. Keyhoo
Major, U. So Marine Corps (Rot.)
UNQUOTE
I feel thet Major Keyhoo will agrec with mo that the approciation
voiced
in his letter should be extended to each and every member of
the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization. Whereas I do dedicate
with issuing a bulletin, none of these things could have been possible
were it not for the members of this organization and their conscien-
tious, patient cooperation.
Many times in the past three years various factors including
a shortage of funds and more often poor health, have tempted me to
give up the long battle for the truth, but cach time some unexpected
factor such as a letter of appreciation or a compliment on my work
from one of you,
has made me all the more determined to continue a
little longer.
Major dys bol with te lt bit we were abl
to contributo, has made tho worry,
nara work ana rialcure seem very
minuto considerations in the ovorall picture.
"THE FLYING SAUCER CONSPIRACI" is an objoct losson in what can bo

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 480, "chars": 2924, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Дес 1955.
APRU Bulletin
Page bour
accomplished when in individual
sticks to the facts and makes the
facts spcak for thomscivos as Major Keyhoo has donc.
APRO has been
criticized many times in the past for giving the cold should to re-
'saucor contacts' and intorplanctary journoys although no-
thing that could be construcd as corroborating evidence had been of-
fored by the poople purportodly involvod in those adventuros.
aftor anothor, othor so-callod roscarch poriodicals have consistontly
rofusca to tako a definito stand on tho quostion of 'contacts' by tho
many claimants.
Ihis is, in my opinion, an attompt to oncourago
members (for their valuo
in monotary support) who are inclinod to sup-
port the hoaxers and cultists.
I fool that the true spirit of roscarch cannot bo advanced by
one who approaches a problem with foregone conclusions as to its so-
lution. For this reason I have doliberatoly discouraged prospective
mombors who would liko to propagato the 'contact cult', doclare dogma
and mako a roligious issuc of tho saucer-mystery.
ton
My fcclings on this mattor are just this -- I will, as I havo of-
done, dig into my un pocket pior d will prostitute the namo
and idcals of this organization for the sake of a few members and a
fow dollers.
Thus can bo scon the advantago of maintrining APRO as a non-
profit organization,
since our aim is roscarch rathor than public
porformance for profit.
For this rcason forcign mombors have never
boon charged extra mailing costs.
Evon though in some cases postago
on bullotins and corrospondonco complotcly consume the subscription
fee and then somo.
Wo fool that by continuing the non-profit policy,
APRO will novor place itsolf in a position whore it can bo bought--
diroctly or indirectly.
The primo function of APRO is not to humor visionaries or human
ostriches, or leca pap to the populace. Our policy will continue to
bo a patient icrroting of the truth wherever it may bo found, what-
over it may bo, and to convoy this truth to those who are roady to
accept it.
This is the roaffirmed crecd and policios of the dorial Phonomena
Roscarch Organization.
The Bullotin will continuo to be a mimeograph-
ad papor until such time as the numbor of membors and, consequontly,
the bank eccount, warrants and justifios a bottor means of roproduc-
tion.
This will also dopond upon the financial status of Mr. Lorenzon
and I.
In 1952, when APRO was conceived, we were able to shoulder tha
financial
burden until momborship roturns showed no deficits.
At tho
prosent timo, however, bocause of hoavy porsonol obligrtions, this is
no longer possible: and instand of supplomonting APRO incomo
in order
to make use of a now and better system of ronroduction for tho Bulla-
tin, wo must continue with tho prosent systom in ordor to koop up
our supply of information at : minimum cost to mombors.
It is now
possible that in order to be of any great valuo in the long campaign

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2672, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dec 1955
APRO Bulletin
Page five
for truth ahead of us, we should have a reproduction system worthy
of the contents of the APRO Bulletin.
The oninions and suggestions
of members regarding this question will be greatly appreciated and
seriously considered. At any rate, there will be no increase in
membership dues.
This new effort in behalf of our organization and the foal we
have set, must have the consideration and cooperation of ell mer-
On January 1, 1956, APRO will begin her 4th year oi existence,
which is a record in the annels of uro research. AO was the first
organization to produce and publicize the existence of physical evi-
existence and consistently renorts the largest numbor of revoaling
and informative reports available.
members will agree, that the Conspiracy disclosed by Major Keyhoo
should not be taken as a signal to retire from the Battlofiold, but
rather a challenge.
Last spring I mentioned our proposed new home near the san An-
Because of building rostrictions, shor-
tage of contractors and builders, ctc., wo have boen forcod to settle
for somothing a little loss than
that which we had originally planned.
on or about February 15 we expect to move into a new four-bedfoom
home with ample space for the APRO office and files. Plans are under
way at present to provide for an enlarger end doveloper with which
tures considered to be worthwhile.
members to confine their contact with us to letters
and phone calls.
At present the Lorenzon family is crammed into a small apartment
jammed with files, personal possessions, a tolescope, Ir. Lorenzon's
clectronic test cquipment and gear
not to mention several musical.
instrumonts (including a bass viol). Hollomon Air Forco Baso (whore
Mr. Lorenzen is employod by a private contractor, is the reeson for
the cramped condition of a good many of the residents of Alamogordo
and tho closo proxility of hito Sonas Proving Ground doos not cxact-
evate the rootous nose ine a let on as no exit-
Mr. Lorenzon ana I would like to take this opportunity to wish
for
and
cich and every one of the mombers the marriost of Christmases,
the most prosperous of all tho llow Yeers.
*************************
The APRO Bulletin is the official copyrishted publication of tho
herial Phenomona Roscarch Organizetion, 519 Now York, Alamogordo,
New Mexico, and is issued overy othur month to membors only.
Aerial Phenomena Rescarch Orgonization is a non-profit group dodicat-
to the eventual solution of the mystory of the unidontified flying
objects which have boon presont in the skies above carth for hundrods
of years. Inquiries regarding momborship may bo made to the abovo
address.
Coral ENor anger
Director
