{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-09T22:00:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 4835583, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127837-evidence-of-president-eisenhower-at-muroc-air-field-viewing-et-craft-april-16-1954.pdf", "source_sha256": "cd43c78755e942a569a658b8a3556868feddb6721426ef3ec0ed328a6f24537f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 463, "chars": 2904, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- Minann
(Lotter Recent!)
4-16-54
7/16/54
Selloutio
Run Tely
Mr.Meade Layne
San Diego, Califomia
My dear Friend: I have just returned from Muroc. The report is true-.
devastatingly true!
I made the joumey in company with Franiclin Allen of the Hearst papers and
Sawin Nourse of Brookings Institute (Truman's erstwhile financial adviser)
and B1 shop MacIntyre of I.A. (confidential names, for the present, please.)
When we were allowed to enter the restricted section, (after about aix hours
in which me were checked on every
200816le item, event, indent and at tA
of our personal and public lives) I had the distinct feeling that the world
had come to an end with fantastic realism.
For I have never seen so many
human beinge in a state of complete collapse and confusion as they realized
that their own world had indeed ended with such finality as to beggar descrip-
The reality of "otherplane" aerofonas is now and
the realms of speculation and made a rather painful part of the consciousness
of every responsible scientific and political group.
During my two days visit I saw five aeparate and distinct types of aireraft
being studied and handled by our
adriorce official--with the assistance and
permission of The Etherians!
I have no words to express my reactions.
It has finally happened. It is now a matter of history.
President 31 senhower, as you may already know,
was spirited over to Muroc one
night during his visit to Palm Springe recently.
And It is my conviction that
he will ignore the terrific conflict between the various "authorities" and go
directly to the people via madio and television---if the impasse continues
much longer.
From what I could gather, an official etatement to the country
is being prepared for delivery about the middle of May.
I will leave it to your on excellent powers of deduction to construct a fitting
picture of the mental and emotional pandemonium that is now shattering the con-
sciousness of hundrods of our scientific "authorities" and all the pundits of
the various specialised knowledges that maice up our current physics.
instances I could not stifle a wave of pity that arose in my own being as I
wtached the pathetic bewilderment of rather brilliant brains struggling to mace
sone sort of rational explanation
which would enable then to retain their fami-
liar theories and concepts.
And I thaniced my own destiny for having long ago
pushed me into the metaphysical woods and compelled me to find my way out.
wtach strong minds cringe before totally irreconcilable aspects of "acience" 1s
I had forgotten how commonplace such things as the demat-
erialization of "solid" objects had becone to my own mind.
of an etheric, or spirit, body has been so familiar to me these many years I had
just forgotten that such a manifestation could snap the mental balance of a man
not so conditioned. I shall never forget those forty-eight hours at Muroc!
- 7 -
