{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T21:45:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 8, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 97758, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127820-excerpt-from-dr-greer-s-podcast-13-on-ets-being-viewed-as-angels-or-demons.pdf", "source_sha256": "e16fa91f355177090f873bce46013d27887614cf4c35aa023db45eb60ca92f20"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2750, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Part of Podcast #13 - slightly edited for readability.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vnzlt_06RwA&t=2434s
Roughly time stamp: 5:30 - 29:14
And. of course, all of this is designed to create the specter of fear, right? As a psychological
conditioning for the whole war of the worlds and conflict that this transnational criminal
organization that's kept a secret for 80 years is trying to do. That has been their overarching
strategy since the 1950s. And we know this. So, this is just one example of it. Now the other
recent example of it which is of great national security concern I want to address.
Many of you know that a back couple years ago there was a talk show host on Fox and then
subsequently later on X named Tucker Carlson who got gaslit by some people who are
religiously oriented vis a vis the ET or UAP/UFO issue. They convinced him that the UFOs were
not from other star systems, but from other dimensions and that they were agents of Satan.
And they were interdimensional that they're coming from another dimension and they're the
agents of Satan. Then, you know, and these ideas are so untutored as they beggar the
imagination. Frankly, I'll be very blunt. Then you have this rot has been crept into the House
Oversight Committee where you have the chairperson of the House Oversight Task Force
dealing with UFOs and UAPs, Ms. Luna, who I have personally briefed and met, also saying that
these are interdimensional and they're related to demons and angels and all that. And then, the
most frightening of all, is in the past few weeks the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance
has made similar comments.
I want to address this and I'm going to be very clear about it. I would refer people to a paper I
wrote in the 1990s called "ETs and The New Cosmology" {https://drstevengreer.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/ETandNewCosmology.pdf} where it unpacks the whole
understanding of the cosmos allowing for other dimensions and the dimensions of
consciousness, thought, higher, lower dimensions, but also the cosmos that we understand as
the physical cosmos meaning the normal universe.
The whole cosmos to me is not only the three-dimensional universe, but all the worlds of light,
all the other dimensions, astral, causal, all of it. And it's a conscious quantum hologram.
Now, when you start talking about interstellar travel, you're not going to go from point A to B.
Let's go through this exercise again. Let's say that you're, you know, you're from a star system
that's only 1% of the distance across our Milky Way galaxy. Our Milky Way galaxy is
approximately a hundred a thousand light years across. Now, if you were 1% of the way, which is
very close, it's in our nearby galactic neighborhood, right, of solar systems.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The galaxy is 100 billion stars. Our solar system is our star, the sun, and our planets. just for
clarity for people go back to our grade school astronomy. Which people forget that's fine. And
so if you're 1% across our galaxy, which is very much in our neighborhood, right? Galactic
neighborhood, that's a thousand light years. So, at the speed of light, it would take a thousand
years to get there and a thousand years to go back. 2,000 years. The time since the birth of
Christ.
Now similarly if you're communicating with something like this, this is going to take a thousand
years to send a signal at the speed of light which is what radio frequencies are and to receive an
answer back another thousand. So, it's 2,000 years again. So, whether you're talking about
transportation or communication the speed of light is too slow. It's too damn slow. Yeah. A
priori by definition you must have technologies that are transdimensional - faster than the
speed of light. And when you go through, what I called back then in the early 90s, the crossing
point of light like you have the sound barrier you go through- boom- in the atmosphere
normally except for UFOs - for reasons we can go into - but when you're going beyond the
speed of light the matter the whole object resonantly has the frequency shift beyond the
frequency of electrons and neutrons and protons and subatomic particles and all of it. And
when that happens, it is in another dimension. So it's 3D here.
It's then beyond 3D transdimensional to go from A to B. It's not going to speed of light. It's
dropping out of linear space time. So even the idea of it going through a wormhole or whatever
but the actual physical experience of that is very akin to like a lucid dream or that's sort of that
aspect. It's very interesting and then when it's coming wants to come into 3D say over the earth
or somewhere then it shifts the frequency shifts back down to a three-dimensional aspect and
it's physical matter.
So, it goes from solid matter from a planet to through dimensions and depends on their
technology. It can be various ones back into this dimension. Now here's the trick. When it's still
in those other dimensions, it can be outside your living room window. And what are you going
to see or experience? You may not see it at all. So, you may see something that looks like an
apparition to someone not educated about the science or something very close to like a
holographic energy field. And this is why we train people in this in C5 contact.
If you get the app - C5Contact - a big part of this is understanding the cosmos. Because if you
don't understand this cosmology, you're not going to know what's what out there. You're not
going to know whether it's a man-made UFO, an interstellar UFO ET craft that's
transdimensional or if it's some other phenomenon that's from another dimension which exists.
All right?
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 2923, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So, there are things that are from other dimensions that can pop into this {dimension) and have
an effect in this. This is like poltergeist, right? Or other phenomenon which I have observed as
an emergency doctor quite up close and personally. Uh, but that's not the same as a
transdimensional interstellar spacecraft with people on it.
Now, anyone with a scintilla of education should know this. I hate to be blunt. And when I was
at the Vatican with Pope John Paul's senior theologian, Monsignor Balducci, and he was actually
a demonologist, which I didn't even know such a thing existed. I wasn't raised in that tradition,
but and he said, and it was very hilarious. He said, "Neither angels nor demons require flying
saucers." He put it so simply and he knew what he was talking about. He knew about the whole
thing of lower dimensions, higher dimensions, celestial all and we had these beautiful
conversations about this.
But what I think the intelligence community does and particularly people like Jim Semivan and
and Jacques Vallee and others is that they deliberately conflate and confuse/ obfuscate this
issue so that people with a religious perspective, which is fine, like Tucker Carlson or JD Vance or
Ms Luna they're going to utilize their religious paradigm to confuse them on what's going on
with UFOs and that is what we see happening.
And I've been seeing this happen since the early 90s to now. The problem is that's a little bit of
shorthand for they're from another dimension. They're not human. And from a religious point
of view, certain religious perspectives, it means they're demonic. And therefore, we need to
have a holy war to kill them.
So, this is how you get into a space age holy war through this sort of absolutely ignorant and
uninformed perspective on science- on transdimensional physics- which is a whole area of
covert research and development and not understanding the overlap which is natural from a
very advanced interstellar civilizations and other phenomenon that's real.
I don't deny angels exist or lower intelligent things that are less enlightened, you may call them
demons, or beings that are from another dimension altogether that may be more neutral that
pop in and out of this dimension like Bigfoot or Sasquatch or whatever. That is not the same as a
transdimensional interstellar spacecraft with extraterrestrial biological entities on it.
Now, anyone on the inside of this whole op these operations that have handled the craft and
the bodies know this but there are people in ufology that are deliberately, some of them, are
just uninformed but many of them are deliberately trying to confuse this picture and they
exploit people's religious beliefs to do so and this is the essence of demagoguery. It's very
dangerous and that's what's going on because it leads to complete completely false
assumptions and then bad policies, and it then relegates it to mythology.
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 2996, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I remember when I was a young man doing this about 30 some years ago with the Board of
Noetic Sciences which astronaut Edgar Mitchell had founded. He was the sixth man to walk on
the moon. I had taken him to the Pentagon when I did the briefing for Admiral Wilson, the Head
of Intelligence, Joint Chiefs of Staff, etc. And he had founded the Institute of Noetic Sciences and
I was invited by the board. It was not in a general meeting but by the Board of Directors to do a
presentation on UFOs. They also had Jacques Vallee there who promptly told them - well they're
not extraterrestrial, they're interdimensional and they're more like and he said specifically
leprechauns and fairies.
Oh my god. Yeah. All right. No. So I have been dealing with this deliberate gaslighting of
prominent people and Senator Claybourne Pell was there. I believe Lawrence Rockefeller was
there. A lot of those sort of very elite people who were very involved in the Institute of Noetic
Sciences which was really set up to study consciousness and consciousness studies - very
legitimately. They were completely being gaslit. This was 30 years ago or so.
So, this is an old problem, but it's resurging very strongly with people very close to the President
and people who are in the administration and in Congress who are tasked with looking into the
subject. So, I wanted to put this on the record and try to explain the difference between
something that is transdimensional interstellar ET craft and something that is just popping in or
affecting in this dimension that are based in another dimension.
So, you can be based in another dimension and have an effect here. Like I mentioned poltergeist
and some of these other things, but that's not the same as a spacecraft from another star
system with people on board.
Now do they all exist? Yes, I'm not denying all of it exists. It's like I say, yeah, abductions exist,
but they're being done by cutouts for the CIA and we can prove it. So, the problem becomes
when all this gets thrown together and mixed together deliberately because in that confusion
then very bad policies can evolve and very bad concepts and I know that this is being done
deliberately as a psychological warfare operation.
So, unfortunately though there are very powerful and influential people - influencers media
Congress people, White House people being taken in by this red herring and nonsense but I
think this is why we need to be very clear about it. We need to do a whole educational effort
with the public on this. This is why I'm saying this publicly here and connecting some of these
dots.
The other part of it is that let's take a step back. I want to take a few more minutes. I don't know
if anyone saw the movie "The Gods Must Be Crazy". If you haven't, go see it. It's in a way, a very
funny movie. But it's about someone flying with a little airplane over some tribe in Africa and
throwing a Coke bottle out and I think it was something like that. And the people who found it,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
it became this object of supernatural powers from the gods because it came out of the sky from
this aircraft flying over and then that evolved into first idolatry and worship and then
subsequently into conflict and fighting. Right. Right. Now that is exactly what this is.
The other great analogy would be a book and it's based on a not a fictional story like "The Gods
Must Be Crazy", but on a real story and the book is called "Cargo Cults of the Pacific". What
these cargo cults were .... in the World War II, there were islands that our pilots in small
airplanes were kind of landed on islands where there were tribes, people who had never seen
western society, never seen an aircraft, never seen technology. And when they took off and
later came back, they found that the people of that those islands and in the Pacific had made
shrines that looked like a propeller airplane and a god with goggles. You know, the World War
the goggles you wear in a small aircraft that's open. And they literally worshiped it because it
came from the sky with something so unbelievably magical that you're flying through the air.
Well, it must be a god. It must be from the gods.
And so now, now let's go back thousands of years into religious texts and things like that. How
hard or easy would it be to conflate /confuse something that's a spiritual experience angelic or
otherwise with something that's so advanced that the technology would look like magic to you
just like the cargo cults of the Pacific.
Now remember this is the 1940s not 2,000 or 10,000 years ago. But now let's go back a 1000,
2,000, 5,000, 10,000 years ago. Imagine what people would think if they saw a modern
transdimensional interstellar spacecraft with people that could teleport and pop in and out.
Well, your reference point, what would your reference point be? I don't think it'd be too
different from what unfortunately is being this this bill of goods and false story being told sold
to JD Vance and Ms. Luna and Tucker Carlson and, of course, this is exactly in a precise analogy.
We have to be very careful with this. And the people who have sterling scientific credentials will
do this deliberately because they are being paid to do so and paid to mislead leaders, the
public, the media, all of it. But also relegated into the realm of mythology and religion. So, it's
not taken seriously from a national security point of view. So, it serves many purposes to run a
false narrative this way and it's very dangerous and there's precedent for it.
The other thing is just think for a minute down the road from where my house is here in the
Blue Ridge Mountains outside Charlottesville, Virginia is Thomas Jefferson's home - who was
brilliant and an inventor. A lot of people know he was prolific inventor if you go to his home -
Monticello.
Now, what's fascinating is that if you were to take your smartphone and show it to Thomas
Jefferson talking to people all over the world, you know, FaceTime or whatever it is, this it would
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 501, "chars": 2969, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
be absolutely supernatural. And I dare say if you were in Salem, Massachusetts, you almost
certainly would be burned at the stake as a witch. You'd be executed. End of discussion.
Now, we're talking 200 years ago, not 2,000 or 5,000. So scientifically we have to be very
careful. But I and I said this back in 35 years ago. Any civilization sufficiently advanced enough to
get here from another star system, every aspect of their technology is going to look like magic
to us in the early 21st century in 2025. Why? Because our technology is mostly from the late
1800s. Everything we use to fly around use oil, gas, coal, nuclear power. Okay. 1945, 80 years old
instead of 100.
So, and everything else has been suppressed and kept secret. So, the only technology that
we've developed more advanced than that is the digital world, which was reverse engineered
from ET materials, fiber optics, night vision, digital - integrated circuits, silicon storage systems.
So those are spin-offs that have been allowed to be released. I think mainly because it can be
used to control people through digital media and social media. I don't think it was anything
benign. I think it's a means to control and it's a means of mass population control and
miseducation and control.
I mean look what happened to us. Our Tik Tok channel was taken down abruptly for no reason
other than that we were telling the truth about the Buga Sphere. So, right. And the attempt by
some federal officers in Mexico City to steal it the last night we were there. So, that warranted
our whole platform being taken down. Yeah.
So, I think that this is where why, you know, we're still using oil and gas and coal and nuclear
power and nonsense. So, when people talk about the high-tech society we have, it isn't. It's a
measured release of technology designed to control the masses by a global superstate. Period.
That's not everyone involved in technology, some are just happy to make a trillion dollars by
starting something like Facebook or Google or whatever, but the origins of it are out of DARPA
and the military and industrial research community. And that's where all this came from.
The internet was invented by DARPA. Yep. Right. Now, the people, even in DARPA, didn't know
where a lot of that was coming from because it would go through Bell Labs and others, be
reverse engineered, and then to be licensed, and then got out. So, it's six degrees of separation.
But when you drill down on it, you realize that there has been a deliberate release of certain
technologies because they serve the control needed for the population prior to launching this
completely false flag about aliens being a threat.
So, I think we have to be very careful. We're at a time where it looks like all signs are from our
inside folks in intelligence and military and in Washington is that this is going to come out in the
next few months or so maybe at the most couple years. And when it does, it needs to come out
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 504, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
truthfully and not in a way that panics people with, you know, agents of Satan and cosmic wars
and all the fear-mongering and millions of reptilian dracos on comets.
I mean, this is how we end up with an extinction level event for our people. So, I tell folks this is
serious. It's ridiculous, but it's a serious issue and we need to get serious about it on a national
level and international level. Yeah.
What's concerning too, it seems like a lot of people in Washington are, you know, like at
preschool level on this topic. Even though they may have interest in it, they really don't know
the complexities of it and how deep this is. So, they're very easily manipulated one way or the
other. And then they're psychologically profiled with their belief systems and, you know, so it's
it's scary. They pick them off one by one by one.
That's it. Yep. And that there are teams of people with great credentials, you know, Harvard
military intelligence, CIA, and they come across as sincere. They're trained to lie. They go to a
place called The Farm and are trained to lie - professionally lie. And they're very effective.
I hate to you say it, they are very effective. So, you know, this is the real battle going on. It's the
battle between what the truth about all this is versus a narrative that's fictional that
manipulates people into very dangerous policies. Yeah. Right. That puts us on a war footing in
space. Not good. And basically, all the wars in human history at one level or another have
involved that kind of psychological warfare in order to get people to buy in to sacrifice in blood
and treasure, as they say, to have a conflict.
Well, this is no different. And I remind people that Colonel Holman, who was on the inter
agency committee to sell Star Wars first to Jimmy Carter, President Carter. Carter was too smart
to buy it and said, "No thanks." Reagan got convinced that the aliens were real, but they were a
threat. And so they played the alien threat card.
And Colonel Holman told me that. And he laughed. He says, "We knew it was nonsense that if
they were a threat, we'd be gone." But it was used effectively with someone who had very little
knowledge of the subject and could be easily, because of his patriotism that Reagan really had,
could be manipulated by them.
See? Right. So, they can rip they can manipulate your patriotism, they can manipulate your
religious beliefs and whatever it is. And they know exactly because what they do - the people
who are the briefers and people representing this criminal part of the military-industrial
complex - are very skilled at doing a psychological analysis. I used to call it a "soul biopsy". They
go in and look at what is really makes this person's tick.
What are their values? What are their beliefs? And then they play to that. They're very very
good. Very manipulative. Excellent. I have to give them credit. They do know what they're
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 329, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
doing, right? Even though it's - even though it's very evil, they know what they're doing and
they're expert at it.
So, yeah, that's it's pretty scary. So, that's why we need to be compassionate, but firmly
educating people about this because the stakes are too high for this thing to go sideways into
superstition and nonsense.
