{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T22:49:02Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 13, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 125011, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127833-dr-valery-uvarov-interview.pdf", "source_sha256": "e0ba59e889afcae2b8a535020182f643443dd9c443e0de703e98755d66ec9f25"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 2699, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Valery Uvarov
Unknown interviewer: Okay, Valery, if you can state your full name.
Valery Uvarov: Well, my name is Valery Uvarov, and I came here from St Petersburg, Russia.
Unkown interviewer: And what role do you have? What work do you do over there? And how
does that connect to the UFO issue?
Valery Uvarov: Well, I probably I should start from the information that everything that
happened or started from my childhood, but I understood everything clearly later. And I can say
that my UFO odyssey and like experience the main line. It started from 1989 when something
had happened. I would say in my brains, in my consciousness. I came to certain conclusions as if
I understood something and I made a decision. So, or like if I am agreed with what I have
understood and if I think that it's truth well understood, I need to devote my life to this line.
So, and I started to investigate UFO like all other people did. I spent approximately two years
working on that project with the Georgian Academy of Science. It's a Georgia and south part of
Russia. I was there very often because the UFO activity over there was very high, and I was
lucky to see a lot of things, a lot of traces, UFOS.
I talked to contactees, and I had so many experiences and information that approximately in 1991
I understood very clearly that just using the language of science, we cannot explain the whole
phenomena, especially what stands behind the phenomena of contact. So for this, we need to
accept the reality of existence, of the UFO, and then trying to understand what they want to
communicate to us why they're here.
And this approach. They can write addition, gave me some ideas what I should do. And I made a
decision to go along at once. A lot to raise scientific investigation like a factual information.
What do we have? Because my personal position is it is good to be a believer, but I prefer not to
be a believer. If you want to know, you should investigate.
You cannot be a very good investigator if you are just believer because it's enough for you. But
for me, it's not enough. We need to be sure. Hundred percent sure that it's like this. I had some
mistakes in my previous years, and I used some UFO cases which later were discovered and we
understood that there were some mistakes there just because people or investigators, they didn't
spend enough time for investigation, and from that moment.
Interviewer: How is it if so, the quality of some of the research, some of the cases were not
exactly done rigorously and you needed to figure out some other way to get a better handle on
the information.
Valery Uvarov: For sure. Sure. Of course, you can read the information about a UFO case, or

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 2982, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
you can receive it from your friends. But if you want to operate with this information or you
want to make another step forward in understanding, you should investigate this case yourself.
You cannot speak deeply understanding what happened during one or the other case if you didn't
investigate it yourself. It is like a new language. If you are studying or trying to learn any
languages, you should understand the key.
You must not learn the language like there is a Russian word, English word, and then the
meaning of the word. It's like a three steps. You just need to know the word English word, for
example, a Russian and meaning. What does it means? You are as if imagine when you are
learning the English like this or the other text you are imagining, you can see what stands
between the lines.
That's important the same with UFO cases or about investigations. You need to try to imagine
the whole story. What's happened there. And very often people start to see something between
the lines, you know, and then then you have the right to really write, to speak about one or the
other case.
Interviewer: How widespread are encounters and sightings in Russia? Can you just give us a
basic idea of how broad the phenomenon is?
Valery Uvarov: Like in all other countries UFO are active, but now having the experience and
knowledge that we have, we can say that activity, ongoing activity also has its own waves. The
periods of a high activity and the period of a low activity. Plus to it, I should say that the activity
belongs to a certain areas.
That areas where UFO are for are especially active, are closely connected with the energy of the
core of the planet. There are certain areas on the body of the planet where this energy activity is
very high. Where the layers are thick. It's whole science that we created at home with our
geologists, geological scientists who understood and we produced the whole map.
So, it's waves. One of the waves, interesting and important waves happened or started in 1989 in
Russia. I remember the exact date. It was 6th of June 1989 when and in different areas from
different contact victims of witnesses. We got so many reports on UFO landings. So we were
amazed. First glance, first third was that probably now we are witness the wave of the global
contact.
So many cases in the middle part of the Russia in Georgia in covering it in the area, it's north and
Calcutta and mostly in the most interesting cases it is tried to communicate some message some
idea, and I want say like confess that in some years I understood the real meaning of that
messages and even now we are looking over that information with having all this stuff we
understood that this activity is very high in a certain areas and it's like in waves.
Now this activity a little bit lower, but I know for sure that in the nearest future this activity will
be high again.
Interviewer: You've gathered a lot of physical evidence from these cases over the years and there

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 514, "chars": 3126, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
are many metal samples. Could you describe the quality and diversity of the physical evidence
you've recovered?
Valery Uvarov: Well, here I can put something in between the last question the previous question
and yours. This one. We had, like you have here, a lot of cases, but the right way for
investigation is to make a choice, of course, to investigate all of the cases, but to use to use just a
few. You can have 100 of them, but the best ten best can you give idea the main idea and
approach for understanding.
We had a few cases like a treasure that left so unusual traces physical traces which could be
scientifically investigated. One of them were represented yesterday. It's the case that had
happened in (not clear) this is the area approximately 500 kilometers north from Vladivostok. It's
quite opposite part of the Russia. I mean, Saint Petersburg and Vladivostok. It's opposite part.
It's over 9000 kilometers, 8000 miles.
But the nearest to America to you, and Valery was in Europe, represented this case many
metallic samples. It was different shaped objects, organic and metallic and the other things. And
investigating this case, we have received so many unusual results, that all our scientists were
fascinated by this. It's something that we cannot deny. And approximately ten Russian institutes
were working over this project, investigating in these samples in Vladivostok, in Novosibirsk, in
Saint Petersburg. I mean, we covered all Russia. They were the other cases which are also so
unusual that when you have a possibility to operate with all this information, you can start to as
if to start the new science, the way of know for new understanding, not only the physical
evidence, like information about useful for physics, also information about time and space and
the other things like this.
But if we want to give understandable explanation about that phenomenon, reliable explanation,
of course, the best way is to speak about the cases where we have physical evidence, something
that we can we can put in our hands to touch it and to investigate it scientifically.
Interviewer: Your excavations and analysis have unearthed some rather unusual artifacts that
would be difficult to explain by terrestrial metallurgy and fabrication science. Can you give one
or two examples of that?
Valery Uvarov: Well, it's really so. And as the beginning, I would like to say that that results that
we have got just gave us some hints.
Well, it's really, so we have got some unusual results. And I. I would like to confess that even the
information that we got, it's like a first hints, just first step for understanding what we have got.
Look in some samples we have got a few quartz threads and we tried to investigate it.
We just put it in the vacuum oven for investigation, for spectral analysis, something like that. It's
disappeared with without any traces, no guess, nothing. It's so unusual for us. We always think
that if something just transformed into another form, we have any kind of traces. Nothing. Or we
were investigating one metallic ball. We had a lot of different samples, metallic samples.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 494, "chars": 2710, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
We tried to melt it, and usually when we melting any metals, it has at least three main phase. The
solid when it's strong, and then the face when the metal is soft, you know, soft, then it melts like
starts. Like water. That piece of metal melted without the middle face. It was strong and then
immediately became like water and fall onto the substrates.
When it fell down, it covered substrates like an oil, everything. And became a follicle.
Interviewer: Do you have a sample of this rock you're talking about? So, an example, you gave
us a metallic ball that when heated, there was no transition between it's solid state and it's liquid
state. It suddenly became a film.
Valery Uvarov: Yeah, it's big. It's dropped on the surface and the substrates covered like a film.
And when we looked through the microscope, this film consisted of pyramids, pyramids with a
sharp and x.
Can you imagine the metal that covers by itself? If it would be even substrates of a round form, it
would immediately cover the whole surface like a film. And the film was very material that
consist of pyramids, very unusual.
Interviewer: When this metal is recovered, does it look like common, ordinary metal smelting
metal that humans are familiar with?
Valery Uvarov: No. When we found it on the ground, it was just a small black ball and ordinary
people would never even paid attention for this.
Like, for example, this one, this particular piece of metal for anybody who would see it, this
piece of metal on the ground, it's like nothing. The other interesting is thing is that this people
this sorry, this metal is very unstable. It destroys under the influence of the oxygen, very active
oxygenation. So to keep it, we need to put it into the oil.
Otherwise we would lose it. Long ago. The other unusual things when we tested this piece of
metal, it is a alloy of the rare earth elements of a rare oh, sorry. Now this is alloy of a rare earth
elements of a very high purity. And the other interesting thing is when you will try to cut it, it
starts to burn when we wanted to make a test in our laboratories, we had to cut one small piece
and then to make a powder out of it.
And then we plan to have some analysis and we tried to cut it this this small piece. It just felt on
the oh, you can show it like it. So it works here. You can see it's that's going on, but it depends
which angle you take. If you have one angle, you have nothing. You have if you have a proper
angle, a lot of sparkling.
And when it once did it, the big piece fell onto the table and made a hole in the table.
Interviewer: So as it burns on contact with air.
Valery Uvarov: It burns, it destroys with contact. But when you hit it, it starts to burn.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 582, "chars": 3365, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interviewer: What was the circumstances for recovery of metal? Was it a landing site, a crash
site? What happened to the UFO that produced that metal?
Valery Uvarov: In this particular case, one of the witnesses saw UFO. It was that way for like a
ball in shape. It was a fisherman. And when the UFO flew away, he just came to the area where
it was. He found this piece lying on the ground, this particular case. But when we were talking
about the case happened in Dalnegorsk, ask in this particular case, a UFO was moving over the
city approximately 800 meters over the city, and then suddenly went down and landed in the
certain area called 611.
It's the 611 meters level of this mountains. And then there was a very strange evolution, we call
it, or we name it evolution of the object. He did many strange things. There were many
lightnings there, and so on and so on. And X, it was really he will speak about it well. And when
he came to that place next day after this way for landed there, he found a lot of metals, a lot of
traces, metallic, organic and then the traces of influences of a high temperature or a high
frequency on the other plants like trees or grass, a lot of traces.
And as a result of investigation and analysis of witness reports, we came to a conclusion that
probably this particular case on the level 611 it was the self-repair of a spacecraft self-repair.
And we came to the other interesting conclusion that if mostly I would say mostly when we have
the possibility to see UFO to film it, mostly it's because this UFO has got any kind of problems.
That's why they appeared here, even though we had the possibility to see them. But it's not like
hundred percent like this. If we will take into account the UFO sighting, the huge UFO flap on
11th of July in 1991 over Mexico City. It's quite a different situation. Jaime Maussan, Brit
Elders, and Lee Elders, I saw their film about it. They were trying to converse the situation and
they couldn't speculate because for them it was not understandable what's actually happened
there. And investigating this case, also we came to a certain conclusion what's happened there.
Just to understand what it was, we returned to the knowledge about Maya, about ancient Mayan
civilization, and about the Dresden Codex that describes this event exactly.
The matter is that all sort of eclipses are closely connected with the period of energetic activity
of the core of our planet. It means that the core of the planet at this very moment emits a certain
type of energy, very important evolution, type of energy that UFO that appeared over the Mexico
City, came here just because they were nearby and, just to take this energy, because this energy
was for free.
They load they used this type of energy. And flew away again, why they there? Because for
many years already they are controlling this that area. It means they are interested in geological
evolution of the earth crust of that area. The whole planet is the organism, the cosmic organism.
And the development of our civilization is closely connected with the development of the core of
the core of our planet, the core of the planet and the whole planet.
This is the cosmic organism belongs to universe. And if you want to understand what stands
behind what is evolution, you should learn the processes that goes in connection with evolution

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 430, "chars": 2611, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the universe. This is the core of the planet. Our solar system, our sun. That's the reason why
they're here.
Interviewer: Can I ask you a question about the type of UFO cases in Russia? There have been
like all over the world. There are cases that involve encounters between UFO occupants and
humans. What is the ratio of encounter cases? Contact cases to just sighting cases and landing
cases? Have your researchers been able to find a pattern there?
Valery Uvarov: And difference between type of contacts, you mean?
Interviewer: Yeah, the difference between types of contacts. Do you have abductions? Do you
have people being taken on board with telepathic communication? Do you have information
given? Are there more sightings than there are contact cases? For instance, what have you found
in that regard?
Valery Uvarov: Actually, the best way to say we have all types, if and if you want to know
reality, the science behind you need to investigate all types of contacts.
There are sightings, but for us the contact cases are the first, second or third kind of encounters is
more important.
Interviewer: You were saying that Close Encounters of the first, second and third kind are the
most important. What do you mean by that?
Valery Uvarov: Well, let's take into account some cases that happened in Georgia, period
between 1989 and 1992. For example, if you remember, I mentioned before that I spent two
years on a continuous basis working there on May 1982, we had more than 200 cases of
operations made by ETs to the people that are living in Tbilisi. It's this the capital city of
Georgia, physical operations, physical operations, physical 202 and more than 200.
And all this information is on the tapes and the videos, and we have scientific conclusions. I can
even tell you more when we understood this possibility, my friends from Georgia started
showing him the others. They tried even to order operations just to have a better view of better
understanding and the possibility for investigation. We took a couple of very ill people, very ill
people.
Some of them even couldn't move. And we asked, okay, can any kind of operation be done for
these particular patients? They were taken on-board consciously, physically, and they described
all these cases. In a couple of days, return to the hospital of Academy of Science of Georgia. And
can you imagine? We see the physical traces of operation. We see cuts, something like this when
we checked the health condition. Perfect. Perfect.
Interviewer: Are you saying that you in some way solicited the help of extraterrestrials for
medical purposes?

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2510, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Valery Uvarov: Yeah. And that case we asked for help.
Interviewer: How did you ask for that help?
Valery Uvarov: Just through contactees.
Interviewer: You went to contactees, and you asked them to communicate on behalf of the
person?
Valery Uvarov: Yes. Because when that contact cases happened, there were a lot of people who
somehow got into contact with it is actually all that operations were done by Orion people.
I know that. Now, for Sure, it was their activity and we had a possibility just to ask and to do it in
case. It's a very nice possibility for investigators, for the scientists to have a very nice, sample.
And they did it.
Interviewer: And let me get this clear. How many of those cases you have on record?
Valery Uvarov: That cases as soon as those cases happened on the level or with the cooperation
of Academy of Science, the most part of this information and the records are now in Academy of
Science of Georgia. But as I mentioned before, it was more than 200 cases.
Interviewer: 200 spontaneous cases or 200 requested interventions?
Valery Uvarov: No spontaneous. We had maybe three or four requested, but for us it was
enough. Even one case, it's already enough to understand the level how they do it now. For
example, the scars, they disappear in 6 hours. No traces, no traces.
Interviewer: Were the scars filmed before they disappeared?
Valery Uvarov: Yeah, sure. And we also had a very interesting case with one girl. She was
abducted and she got into the same situation. They did an operation for her, but she suddenly
woke up at the moment when the operation came to an end, she saw two individuals standing
before her. They were talking in a strange language, and she noticed that one of these individuals
put some kind of oil on the scars that were made on her hand.
And when these two individuals went away from the let's call it like table where she was lying
on, she just put up her hand and just did like this, just take off half of the scars and oil from half
of this scar in 6 hours. The half of this scar that were covered by this oil disappeared. She was
completely healed.
The other half that she took away needs 27 days to be healed. So, what can you tell about it? The
first thing first idea that we got it was that probably this oil has, we would say corona time
abilities. It means probably the time in this certain area goes a little faster, so all the processes go
faster. It's like an idea. Maybe it's a little bit different, but the result is very interesting.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 510, "chars": 2959, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Interviewer: During these interactions, these 200 cases were UFOs reported physically to be seen
in the area?
Valery Uvarov: Very often, sometimes day by day. And we have some videos and we have a lot
of pictures of that case. This particular period, approximately two and a half years in Georgia
was so active that UFO for Georgian citizens, it's like for you the newest model Mercedes.
It's just the same you will see said Oh, that's good car but it's okay. You will not be astonished,
just amazed. The same reason this I know the case when hundreds of people at one time were
watching UFOs, the big TV crew were filming one of the famous Georgian singers. It was the
big crowd of people and suddenly they turned away the faces and started to look quite the
different direction.
And when the film camera moved that direction, they saw big UFO for hanging over the city and
this UFO was moving. People forgot about the singer. She was singing, UFO was moving like
this?
Interviewer: Okay, a couple more questions about the physical evidence. When you recover this
material, how do you know what has happened to the UFO? What tells you the difference
between a landing and a crash? An explosion or a hovering above?
Valery Uvarov: Actually, it's a perfect question. Congratulations. Usually when we have the
reports on UFO cases, 99%. There are no traces except some prints or physical evidence like
reported that they have seen something or they talked with anybody. It's a normal case. Let's call
it a normal case. When we were talking or we can talk about wreckage or UFO crash, we can
give you the short, brief information about UFO case.
I would say the case like this that had happened on night 12 of April 12th of April 1991, it
happened over the city called Sasavah, approximately 500 miles south from Moscow. Some
witnesses reported that they've seen an object that was moving slowly over the city and suddenly
it went down and the whole city heard an enormous, terrible explosion.
Terrible explosion. Next morning, people found on the big field in the middle of the city, a big
hole in the ground. But the place for this fall was, I would say, chosen, but very by special way.
It means on one side of this field, it was a city on the other side, like some no more than 200
meters away, the big oil factory.
It's a very explosive place on the other side, a military base. So, UFO chose the place in the
middle. When something exploded. Let's say something, I just give you ideas and you have the
rights to make your own decision what it was. The windows around fell out of the buildings. A
lot of windows, glass was lying everywhere. So, first thing that we can do if the window fell out.
So probably it was the vacuum explosion, at least a vacuum explosion.
Otherwise, all the windows would be thrown inside of the buildings. So, if it would be a vacuum,
it's understandable. Some people or maybe a lot of people would be hurt. Their hearing system

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 2867, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eyes at least scars of the glass nothing. No one people were hurt. Windows were broken like in a
chess order. It means one window broken, one window, not one.
When the broken another not this. This building. It was broken. Windows behind. Not next. It
was broken behind. How is it possible? Okay. If it would be a military missile, can you imagine
what would happen with the oil plant that was just 200 meters away? At least we would find
there any piece of metal, something, Nothing. Just empty big, maybe 100 meters in diameter and
20 meters deep, big hole.
And that soil was taken out and thrown away in a different direction. Big pieces of the soil,
nothing, just soil. So even if you would take this case as it is, you should say that this is
something at least unusual. And we came to a conclusion investigating this case that probably the
spacecraft has some kind of a program for self-destroying.
Otherwise, great, serious damages can be can happen to the cities or to the people or something
like this. So, we consider it like the case of UFO crash when UFO just fell into particles. Just and
nothing here but in case when we talk we were talking about that happened in Dalnegorsk in this
case we had a lot of traces, no sounds, no any kind of contact with any individuals.
Just UFO landed. There was a lot of movements, different lights sparkling so that fell in the
different directions and a lot of traces and half an hour that object hang up and flew away. So, we
came to a conclusion that probably it is self-repair case.
Interviewer: Of all the cases you have investigated in the former Soviet Union, what percentage
would you say are positive contacts as opposed to quote unquote abduction?
Valery Uvarov: According to my own experience, I would say that in case of contacts, 99% were
positive.
Sometimes we have no possibility to understand what stands behind. We can consider the
contact as a negative, or at least very strange. But investigating or after investigation, we came to
a conclusion that mainly they are positive there is a meaning that stands behind.
Interviewer: What do you consider to be this meaning if you were to put it in one sentence, the
meaning behind, the contact? If you give me two sentences on the meaning that underpins
contact for you, what would that be?
Valery Uvarov: For example, one of the cases that had happened in Georgia, some of the
contactees reported that they were taken on board, they were forced on board. They came to us
and said, Listen, what's happened with us?
We were living a normal life. Suddenly somebody came to me at night, forced me into the
spacecraft, and now, look, I'm covered with scars. What did they do with me? What of rides that
they have to do it. When we investigated this, we came to the conclusion that this particular
person was healed 100%. Now he is a normal, very healthy man.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 475, "chars": 2783, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
He considered it. He took it as the wrong action. We need to confess to him. You are lucky, man.
It's one of the cases. But I need to confess that there are somethings, some cases that we cannot
explain. We don't understand what happened clearly. One of the cases happened in Vladivostok
when one of the abductees was taken on board five times.
And all the time he was forced. And he reported that when he was on board the ETs asked him to
give him a certain kind of information. He didn't understand. He just asked, What do you want of
me? It is said, you know yourself. It's interesting. They just wanted him to give this information
freely. But he didn't remember anything in his life that could be interesting for the ETs.
Interviewer: So, it is our understanding that the vast majority of contact in the former Soviet
Union is very, very positive.
Valery Uvarov: I would say yes. The most part of the contacts in the former Russia, or now
they're positive. Mostly, they're positive.
Interviewer: Describe for me the interaction between the Russian military and your UFO
organization. There seems to be a partnership between you when it comes to investigation.
Valery Uvarov: I can tell you that we are lucky that we have a close interaction with military
forces and with the Ministry of Internal Affairs. I was happy to find there a lot of people with
very good brains, I would say cosmic brains. They have their personal interest in UFOs.
They really want to know more without any, well, stones under the hand or behind and they're
helping us on a continuous basis. For example, the last expedition to the Calcutta's Mountains,
we were guided by militaries. They gave us the cars, they gave us everything necessary. And we
did our investigations and we were completely safe.
Interviewer: When it comes to documentation, how easy is it to access government files and
government documents pertaining to UFO sightings and other defense issues?
Valery Uvarov: In this case, I can tell you that, for example, as I mentioned in the Minister of
Internal Affairs or the military forces, we have access to the documentation without no problem,
without any problems if we're interested and we know exact case, which we are interested in, we
just need to know to tell them what we want and they give us.
Interviewer: As yet, there has been no official recognition of the UFO phenomenon as real in
Russia. Do you think that's about to come?
Valery Uvarov: Yeah, I'm sure that in the nearest few weeks or month, some of the Russian
generals, high ranking generals, will confess. They will say, yes, UFO exists with necessary
documentation that proves this right.
Interviewer: How much longer do you imagine before the Russian government comes out and
says, yes, this UFO situation is real?

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2643, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Valery Uvarov: I know that many of this stuff Russian government would do the same. But now,
just now, they are really engaged in this government political soup. You know, they're moving.
They're trying. So, they are very busy to keep their chairs. But when something will grow out of
the situation, many of them will do the same.
Interviewer: You have indicated that you'll be meeting with other of heads of states to give them
presentations on the UFO situation in Russia. Can you tell a bit more about that?
Valery Uvarov: For sure. One of the of the friends who is very interested it's a general colonel X
is a former commander of air forces of the Far East.
It's a big Half of Russia and he's very interested personally in this meeting. And for sure, X and
X. He is the first step is of minister of internal affairs X. He's highly interested himself and he
has his own experience. He already confessed that UFO exists. The minister very soon probably
the people from the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia will do the same.
They're waiting for me, for us, I would say with information. What happened here? What kind of
a step was doing here? And then when they learned that this step is done and the step is serious,
they will do the next one.
Interviewer: It is my belief you're going to interview other heads of states like the Prime Minister
of Finland. You're giving other briefings to other heads of states. Can you briefly tell me about
that?
Valery Uvarov: One of my friends, Stephanie Kovala, he's the former vice president of UFO
Group of Finland. He's in a continuous contact with the president of Finland and I know for sure
that he's doing monthly, he's doing a special kind of UFO reports for him.
He also is waiting for information about this particular meeting and I, I must confess he wants to
make a special report for the President of Finland about this meeting because President is
interested in UFO.
Interviewer: Given your tremendous access to documentation in Russia, in your experience, have
you come across documentation that explains about the UFO phenomena here in America?
Valery Uvarov: Actually, I cannot say that I got any success to the documentation that explains
phenomenon in America. No, it's opposite things we have access to. The documentation explains
phenomena in Russia. It happens around us, so it's easier for us.
Interviewer: We were just wondering, as the KGB has gone through many, many changes of late
and there was a number of spying done in America and God knows the Americans were spying
on the former Soviet Union to the documentation they have come your way from espionage
channels.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 408, "chars": 2334, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Valery Uvarov: Well, let's say like this first up till now, I had no documentation like this in my
hands. But as soon as my friends, they are always ready to give access to any kind of
information. If it is exists, we will get this access in the nearest future. I'm sure if the time will
come, we will get it.
Interviewer: It is our belief we will learn about the United States through documentation of
Soviet the former Soviet Union.
Valery Uvarov: I have heard about it. I have heard a lot. And even during this meeting I have
heard. But the actual reality seems to be a little bit different. And what I can tell you from my
own side, I will try to do my best to make it clear for you and for myself and for my friends. Was
it like this or not in reality?
Interviewer: It is our understanding that you will have access to documentation and that may
help explain the cover up here in the United States and Western Europe. Do you believe you can
actually get your hands on this type of documentation that will help us here bring our
government to task for my side?
Valery Uvarov: I can just promise you if I will get this access and I will say anything, I will let
you know. Because it's interesting for me personally and for sure, it's interesting for you. You
can be sure you'll get this information as soon as I will see something like this. But before I
never saw.
Interviewer: You spoke about your visitors being from Orion. How did you establish their
origin?
Valery Uvarov: Actually, it's. It's very easy. Some of the contacts he's just reported that during
their contacts, they were asking with whom they are talking. And then at this very moment, they
saw that they're sealing of the interior of the spacecraft, showed a star map, and one particular
star started to pulsate.
And if know a little bit star map, you can see that this is the Orion system.
Interviewer: And from your investigation and research, is it the predominant visiting group from
Orion or do you have a different array of visitors or do you know?
Valery Uvarov: We know that there is an array of visitors, but Orion has very special
representatives. They are controlling our evolution.
During the last at least 25,000 years, at least, maybe even more.
Interviewer: And when you say control or you're talking about genetic experimentation or
manipulation?

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 478, "chars": 2753, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Valery Uvarov: No, there is no any kind of manipulation. First of all, they just watch, and they
sometimes just add some kind of informational influence, not straight, not rough. Now, there is
no such rough influences in the universe.
It's going on very invisibly on subtle levels of energies. They are just controlling because you
should understand it's pretty easy that there is the inside environmental and outside
environmental. Orion and what we call Shambala is between. So, they are keeping on the one
hand like Orion, they're keeping what is going on here and balancing with what is going on
outside the Orion and the Shambala.
On the other hand, we can imagine as the filter. What does it mean, filter the outer space? And
you also it's easy to understand it's a huge amount, a huge range of different types of energies.
But we are here on a certain level of development. So, Shambala Orion, they like a filter, they
allow to come here information and energies necessary for our development on this step, on this
level and the other information. The other energies must be kept away, otherwise we can be
destroyed. We are not prepared for this.
Interviewer: The question I'm going to ask you. And you don't have to answer as if you don't feel
comfortable. If you do feel comfortable, that'd be great. Have you ever had a personal contact
yourself!
Valery Uvarov: Yes, it's happened. And I can tell you openly that any individual can have it, but
the main idea, the first thing that people need for any kind of interaction with them it is
motivation. Why do you need it? What for? And to what you devoted your life? If you devoted
your life for the same things that it is devoted their lives, they will come to you immediately.
Interviewer: So as a result of your contact, how did your life change?
Valery Uvarov: On one hand, I can say thank you tell completely, because my interests are lying
in the field of interests of the evolution of this planet. I am interested in the all that goes on here
from the point of view of evolution, something to change with the positive direction. Not like my
personal interest. It's of course it's important, but I would never do many things like I do if it
would be just my personal interest.
Interviewer: And what you mean is a selfish interest.
Valery Uvarov: Personal interest. It's not like sometimes. Sometimes you can understand it. Like
a selfish, yes, but for sure not. No. Selfish people are not perfect. And it's very it's almost
impossible to imagine one person without any levels of selfishness.
But the thing is, which is important, just try to make it less. And that's already a big step, just
less. Just toward yourself, to this planet, to the people around. And then you will see the good.
