{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-06T07:34:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 12, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2571825, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127819-statement-for-congressional-record-9-9-25.pdf", "source_sha256": "82b0015016be35620a305a4630d40e2fcc62c6201a719a5594e26d83eae68d03"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 36, "chars": 307, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
House Oversight Committee - Taskforce on Declassification of Federal Secrets
Restoring Public Trust Through UAP Transparency and Whistleblower Protection Hearing
September 9, 2025

Submitted for the Congressional Record by:
Dr. Steven Greer, Founder

The Disclosure Project

P.O. Box 265

Crozet, VA. 22963

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 710, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Truth in Testimony Disclosure Form
1. Witness Information
Name: Steven M. Greer, M.D.
Organization: The Disclosure Project
Position/Title: Founder
2. Financial Interests (past 36 months)
Please list any grants, contracts, or funding received from federal entities or foreign
governments/adversaries:
No federal grants, contracts, or foreign funding to disclose
3. Organizational Affiliations or Fiduciary Roles
Please list any affiliations with organizations having interest in UAP declassification or related
matters:
No relevant affiliations to disclose
4. Certifications
my knowledge.
By signing below, I certify that the information provided is accurate and complete to the best of
Signature:
Date:
9/4/25

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2604, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dr. Steven Greer, Director and Founder
The Disclosure Project
September 4, 2025
Dear Esteemed Members of the Taskforce on Declassification of Federal Secrets,
Attached please find a synopsis of seven first-hand, direct whistleblowers involved with UAP
events or operations. These represent a few of the over 700 sources and whistleblowers that the
Disclosure Project has debriefed. There are several dozen whistleblowers who should be
subpoenaed for a proper investigation, who are high-value operatives with detailed information
on UAP operations, contractors and criminal activities. I strongly recommend the committee
begin serious hearings with these high-value whistleblowers that are open and not classified.
We have provided this information to select members of your task force in detail as well as two
senior, White House and law enforcement officials. Senior administration officials and senior
law enforcement have concluded that many of these operations are unconstitutional and criminal
and we are cooperating with ongoing law enforcement investigations.
It has been concluded that since at least the late 1950's that both government and corporate UAP
projects have been run illegally and unconstitutionally without the requisite Presidential or
Congressional oversight. These programs include unsanctioned targeting and downing of
Extraterrestrial vehicles that are subsequently reversed-engineered.
It should be noted that UAPs consist of the following three categories of distinct and separate
phenomena:
1. Extraterrestrial vehicles of interstellar origin with Extraterrestrial Biological entities
(EBEN) on board.
2. Manmade UAPs some piloted by humans and some unmanned such as the "tictac" that have
been operational using so called anti-gravity technology since the late 1950's. These are
actually the dominant phenomenon being observed by both military and civilian witnesses.
The prime contractors for these include Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin Skunkworks/
Boeing, Raytheon, SAIC, EG & G, Booz Allen Hamilton and others.
3. Extra-dimensional phenomenon which are phenomena and non-human beings that are from
other dimensions that are not Extraterrestrial or human. Note - NHI includes both
Extraterrestrial and Extra-dimensional beings.
Please know that I stand ready to provide any information, intelligence and whistleblowers that
you may need for your important investigation. We have an extensive briefing document that
has been provided to the President. If any member would like a copy, please contact
raven@drstevengreer.com.
Respectfully,
Steven M. Greer, M.D.
Snares

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 554, "chars": 3250, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
First-Hand UAP Whistleblower Testimony
Michael Herrera - Marine Corps - October 2009 Witness to man-made UAP - Indonesia
On September 30, 2009 the western coast of Indonesia was struck with a 7.6 magnitude
earthquake and caused a lot of devastation to the western area of Sumatra. Padang City was the
AO we were heading into to help for humanitarian assistance. As U.S. Marines, we were a part
of the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit, which was attached to the 7th Naval Fleet, to do security
and Maritime operations out in Southeast Asia, this time it happened to be for a humanitarian
response. Part of the 7th Fleet was a ship I was aboard - the USS Denver (LPD-9).
On September 30th we were routed to break apart from the 7th Fleet dealing with humanitarian
operations in the Philippines, which was hit by a typhoon. When we reached the Western part of
Indonesia around October 8th, we dropped anchor and had a briefing in the wardroom on the
ship. The briefing was talking about the local populations as well as Former President Obama's
family members being in the area. A Seal Platoon was present on ship to engage with that
operation, and we were responsible for providing security for supply drops to the locals, which
included sheltering items, clean water and food. We were also briefed that local insurgents in the
area were trying to take over parts of the city and engage firefights with police. We were
instructed to be armed with standard issue m16A4s along with 6 full magazines.
We boarded on a CH-53 and proceeded to head to land. When we landed there were only 6 of us
in total and we pushed our way to an area that had a sloping ridge about 300 meters out from the
LZ. It was filled with thick vegetation and tall trees. When we approached the ridge, we
positioned about 30 meters between each marine to establish fields of view and fire weapons if
needed. We thought it was a strange fact we never received any comms.
When I had looked down the slope on the north side, I could see something moving and rotating,
at the same time it was changing colors between a very light, matte grey to a very dark, matte
black. It stood out against the terrain and the setting of the environment, eventually we all saw it.
Normally, we would call something like this in, but since we didn't have comms we were not
able to. At that point we decided to investigate it. We were walking down the slope and I had an
old Panasonic camera with video that I took of the scene as we were heading down. As I was
walking down, we were in a tactical column and once we got within 50 meters of the object, I
put my camera in my dump pouch I had. We were spotted by a group of military guys who were
wearing black cammies, black IOTVs, equipped with M4s with Acogs and Peq 16s for IR. One
guy had a radio but no earpiece. They also had either H&K pistols or Sigs in a drop holster.
They contacted us by pointing their weapons, which we could audibly hear the weapon safety
lever flipping off from safe mode. Only 2 of the "soldiers" were speaking to us. They asked us
who we were, what we were doing, said we weren't supposed to be there, and they could kill us.
They took our Military CAD card or ID, they photographed them with a phone possibly and then
2

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 612, "chars": 3295, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tried to scan them with something that looked like our BATS system which does Biometric
logging. As this was going on, I saw 4 up-armored extended cab trucks that were painted matte
black and looked like Tundras or F350s. They had 2 large weapon cases in the truck bed and had
a separate trailer that hauled a smaller metal box like a shipping container, it had a cylinder on
the front of it. They were driving onto a platform that was under the craft and 4 guys would hop
out of the truck and began unloading the contents and driving off and disappearing.
The "soldiers" proceeded to take and clear our weapons and dump our magazines on the ground
and search us. We were still watching this all go down. We looked at each other, 3 of the soldiers
had facial hair, spoke in plain English and had American dialects, which makes me believe these
guys were definitely American.
The craft was rotating in a clockwise motion while changing colors, it had a audible hum to it
like the sound of a transformer or similar to a guitar amp. It was an octagonal shape with a
pyramid at the top of it that was black and had 'scales" that were on the outside of the craft that
covered the whole craft. It had seams and sharp edges, which I suspect it to definitely be
manmade. Nothing on it was smooth. It had some panels on the vertical edges that were like
Vanta black.
When the last 2 trucks finished unloading and drove off, the lower part of the platform rose off
the ground to about 10 feet and the craft lowered to meet it and it came together into one piece
like the lower platform was the bottom of the craft. It rose off the ground and a little past the
trees while on the corners of the craft, it had lights that were changing between blue, red, yellow
and green. It got past the trees and then shot off to our left towards the ocean at around what I
estimate to be 3,000 to 4,000 miles per hour. From a dead stop, it didn't make any sound like a
sonic boom, it didn't disturb the trees like rotor wash would, there were coconut trees that even
the coconuts weren't even blown off as it accelerated.
As the craft left, I didn't see any other vehicles or soldiers like the 8 that contacted us. They were
saying how easy it was for us to be lost in the jungle or even easy to be thrown out of a
helicopter. They told us to face the slope we came from and proceeded to load our magazines in
our pouches and made our Ml6s condition 4. They then slung the weapon onto our backs, but
looping the sling over our heads they were rubbing it hard on our necks while trying to sling the
weapon which cut my skin. They still kept telling us how they could kill us and calling us names
and asking each other if they should waste us. Once we got over the hill they told us to get the
fuck away from here and don't look back. We then ran on foot back to the path we took from the
LZ and a gunnery Sergeant was there and asked us why we were back so early; we got chewed
out for it. He also asked why we were all condition 4.
We waited for the bird to come back and to load up back to the ship. We then turned our
weapons in and stored our gear in our birthing area. We proceeded to go back onto the flight
deck and was debriefed by a rear admiral. Never seen him before and it was just odd why he
would be there.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 470, "chars": 2905, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fast forward to a few days and we docked in Subic Bay for a few days of liberty. I got to my
rack and my camera was on it, but the sim card and battery were removed, and it was in my
locker which was secured.
The other marines with me had all their phones missing as well. Shortly after we got back to
Camp Hansen, Okinawa, the A-duty got a call from our CP and he instructed us that I had to
report there. I ran over and was told to go into an office, which then an Air Force Lt. Col walked
in, and I gave the appropriate greeting, he then told me to keep my mouth shut and slid a paper to
me which was an NDA. Thinking that the event would never surface, here it was in my face,
only thing I recall was it saying TSSCI on it, also talked about location which was Padang. I was
freaked out and skimmed through it and signed it. The Lt. Col then told me I never saw anything
and I'm not to say a word about it and no one in my chain of command is to know no matter the
rank. I went back to my barracks and haven't spoken about it for almost 14 years.
Roderick Castle - Marine Corps - Witness to man-made UAP 1997, 29 Palms, California
OPEN LETTER TO CONGRESSMAN BURLISON'S OFFICE:
Dear Major Grusch,
My name is Roderick John Castle, a United States Marine Corps veteran (1994-1999) who
served with VMA-513, the Flying Nightmares, an AV-8B Harrier squadron stationed out of
MCAS Yuma, Arizona. I held the rank of Sergeant (E-5) and led a team of 6-8 Marines in
Aviation Ordnance (MOS 6531), while also receiving training as a helicopter flight medic.
I am writing to formally engage with your office and the UAP Congressional Task Force, with
the intention of offering sworn testimony before Congress regarding an incident I witnessed
during my active service- an encounter that I believe is critical to the evolving discourse around
UAP phenomena and the rights of veterans entangled in secrecy.
My mılitary record includes deployments aboard the USs Belleau Wood and USS Essex, with
operational experience in the Middle East, Africa, Korea, Japan, and domestic assignments on
the U.S. West Coast. I later served in both the New York Army and Air National Guard (1999-
2002), participating in air defense operations over New York City during and after the 9/11
attacks.
However, the most paradigm-shifting experience of my service occurred in 1997, while attached
to a Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force (Experimental), during the Hunter Warrior
Advanced War-fighting Experiment in the California desert near 29 Palms.
During a night recon assignment to investigate unidentified aerial activity, my team encountered
what can only be described as a triangular, hovering craft approximately 300 feet in length,
stationed silently 150- 200 feet above desert terrain. Below it were unmarked black tactical
vehicles and a unit of heavily armed men in black, unmarked uniforms—not part of any known
4

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 442, "chars": 2943, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
branch of the U.S. military. Despite being on U.S. soil and in uniform, my team was
outnumbered, disarmed, and detained with veiled threats and orders to remain silent.
Following the incident, we experienced electrical equipment failures, psychological trauma, and
were subjected to unusual medical procedures, including an unscheduled anthrax vaccine
booster. I was later questioned by NCIS under pretense of unrelated charges, which I believe
were a tactic to suppress disclosure.
In the years since, I've suffered from PTSD, Gulf War Syndrome, and intermittent episodic
memory disruption related to the event-symptoms I now understand to be consistent with other
veteran experiencers. Today, I am an advocate for veteran mental health, a therapist, a researcher,
and an artist working at the intersection of trauma recovery and high-strangeness phenomena. I
believe my perspective equal parts operator, experiencer, and healer offers a unique and
needed voice in this unfolding Disclosure process.
I respectfully request the opportunity to contribute my testimony formally to your Congressional
initiative. Not merely for personal catharsis, but to serve the greater movement toward truth,
transparency, and the healing of our nation's warriors, many of whom carry silent burdens tied to
anomalous events buried under national security.
Thank you for your leadership and integrity in bringing light to this hidden history. I stand ready
to assist in any way required.
Semper Fidelis,
Roderick John Castle, Sgt., USMC-X, LCAT-NYS
Veteran Advocate | Mental Health Professional | Disclosure Witness
Randy Anderson - Army Green Beret, Special forces - 2013 Taken to "Off-world
Technology Division" Naval Special Warfare Center - Crane, Indiana
I had a clearance of TS-SCI for a brief time during my time as an army green beret. I was doing
weapons training at a facility in Crane, Indiana. My job in special forces was an 18B weapons
expert, so I was there learning about domestic and foreign advanced weapon technologies and
how they are being or were being implemented at that time. The facility in Crane has several
underground layers and after many days of training and learning they pulled two of us higher
performers aside and asked us if we wanted to see some of the other foreign adversarial tech. We
went into an elevator, and we're taken deeper under the facility where we were exposed to many
weapons that were captured, in some cases, by CIA operatives from foreign countries. While
some of this tech would be surprising to the public and probably in some cases be considered to
be disruptive technology in its own right, the most disturbing part was when we walked through
a part of the facility described as the 'off world technologies division'.
They have some sort of materials that resemble seamless metal. We were told they somehow
interact with consciousness. I don't think the guy showing us this stuff was supposed to be
5

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 540, "chars": 3300, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
showing us, but he said they were trying to still figure out how they actually worked and that
they assumed they were some sort of individual weapons systems. They also had on a sort of
display type case, a clear glass tablet that seemed to be projecting some type of writing (maybe
holographic by how it looked) when I approached it, but I couldn't recognize it from any
languages I know and I am fluent in several due to my job as a green beret.
One object was circular with some large indentation on top almost as if it was meant for a hand,
but I didn't get a close look at it. The guy who took us there said they only react to a conscious
being interacting with them and that they think somehow that's how they are operated. He said
the same thing about the tablet device.
I was at Area 51, out at the test range at Nellis in 2019, worked as opposing force for people
getting deployed. Saw a black triangular craft, hovering, rotate on its axis and then shoot off in
seconds, it was about the size of a F-17. I was up on a hill observing and saw this over the valley
500-600 ft above the ground. It was making a humming sound, and no noise when it took off. It
was hovering over an old testing site. Clearly a manmade craft.
Steven Digna, Jr. - Army Sergeant 2001 - Witness to Raytheon craft, Fort Irwin, California
In July of 2001, I was a Sergeant in the U.S. Army, and was stationed at Fort Irwin, California. I
was watching a live firing exercise from the perspective of an observation deck on the top of a
three-story building. In the clear nighttime desert sky, I was able to identify the profile of a dark
colored boomerang shaped flying wing craft. It measured approximately 170 feet across and had
a single triangular trailing edge. On its upper surface, there appeared to be a hint of a fully
contoured and integrated cockpit. The craft itself was very similar in appearance to the recently
revealed Northrop Grumman B-21 Raider. It had seven white colored lights on its bottom surface
and was levitating approximately 200 feet above the desert floor.
I pulled out his night vision goggles to get a better view of the craft, although I was told not to
bring any binoculars with me. Standing silently next to me were two Raytheon employees.
Above the original craft, and slightly to the right was another strange object. It was significantly
smaller and featured a simple "V" configuration. It measured approximately 35 feet across, and
41/2 feet high. It was jet black in color and seemed to be comprised of multiple five foot long
"blocks" that had been fused together. On the bottom of each block was a curved prong/
protrusion that terminated with a small eight-inch diameter sphere. I believe that the smaller craft
was using holographic image projection technology to produce the larger boomerang shaped
craft.
Approximately five days later, I was driving with my wife at night along Fort Irwin Road
towards Barstow, California. After passing a nearby dry lake bed on the right-hand side, I noticed
a powerful white light reflecting in my driver's side window. Suddenly, the entire vehicle
became bathed in a glowing white light, and I pulled over to the side of the road. I opened the
door and proceeded to walk forward to the front of the hood. My wife got out of the car but
6

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 522, "chars": 3372, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
became "frozen" in stasis and was not able to move. At that point I noticed a large, black colored
diamond shaped craft parked perpendicular, and "nose to nose" to my vehicle.
It was hovering approximately 12" above the ground and measured 23 feet long. It was just over
9 feet wide and 3 feet high. Its sides sloped up at an angle forming a pyramidal shaped apex. I
saw a very large bright white light floating in the sky. Suddenly, I felt a powerful resonating
frequency being pulsed through my body, and I began raising off the ground. I could see the
underside of the craft. It looked like jigsaw puzzle pieces and some writing that resembled Aztec
or Mayan inscriptions on its lower surface. A very distinguishable feature on the underside
looked like an "electrical receptacle" It was made up of aluminum-like heat sink with cooling
vanes. There also appeared to be inputs for coax cables and D-sub connectors. My wife and I
were both pulled into the craft where there were human personnel that performed some type of
medical experiment. Next thing we knew, we were back in our vehicle.
Witness T.E. - Army - Manmade and Extraterrestrial UAP experiences 2004 - Nevada
In early 2004, I was sent to the North Nellis range (within the Nevada Test Site) to assist in
recovering a "downed bird". I was originally recruited out of Fort Campbell, Kentucky. I held a
Top-Secret security clearance, and my area of expertise involved the recovery and clean-up of
crash debris from conventional military aircraft. Since many of the components of these aircraft
have classified components, I had to go through a top-secret training process. I always arrived
on-site during deployment, wearing a protective Hazmat suit. At the North Nellis range I was
sent to work with a more specialized team directed by Delta Force Special operators.
In one incident, I discovered a triangular shaped manmade UAP laying on the desert floor. It
measured approximately 253 feet across, and was light colored. It had a diamond shaped crew
compartment with gold tinted windows (similar in appearance to the F-117 Stealth Fighter). The
craft was comprised of what looked like multiple composite panels, and I could easily see that
the entire craft was fastened using rivets. The primary feature on the craft was a large
hemispherical dome on its upper surface. It was constructed of many metallic gray colored
hexagons. Positioned around the periphery of the lower section of the dome and written on the
composite panels were multiple red colored "NO STEP" warning markers. The triangular-shaped
craft had one red light on the aft left side, and a corresponding green light on the right side. Of
special interest was a cylindrical brushed aluminum structure which dominated the rear of the
craft. Eventually, it was retrieved using nylon webbing and tarps that were placed on its upper
surface to conceal it during transport.
In a second event, in May of 2004, I was scrambled with a group of Delta force personnel and
was flown by helicopter to the North Nellis range. We were about 100 miles north of the
helicopter base. Upon arrival, approximately 200 yards away stood a large "sunflower seed"
shaped object. It was propped up on four landing gear legs and measured approximately 60-65
feet across. It had been hit with a directed energy weapon that did not destroy the craft but
stunned it.
7

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 518, "chars": 3384, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
As the armed Delta Force personnel spread out and surrounded the ET craft, it began glowing
red. Through some energy device, the personnel began falling and slumping over on the ground,
like they had become incapacitated. Opposite the helicopter and hovering above the ET craft was
a triangular- shaped, man-made vehicle. It measured 30 feet per side and had a large black/
orange orb in the center of its lower surface. This vehicle rapidly departed the area just after the
ET craft became active.
I observed an open hatch on the ET craft that featured a very unusual ramp that rolled out.
Incredibly, three humanoid ETs exited. They were approximately 5 feet tall with human-like
features. Their eyes were slightly larger, they were bald with no ear flaps, and they were wearing
one-piece, tight fitting opalescent suits. The three ETs who emerged from the craft approached
me and communicated that they were not hostile but would not tolerate this type of targeting for
much longer. I felt great remorse for being part of this operation and I knew that these ETs were
peaceful, very benign, and were here to help humans.
This event ended with all personnel and helicopters being instantly teleported back to the team's
helicopter base. This event left me deeply shaken and I wanted nothing more to do with the
program. Ultimately, my uncle had to pull some strings to get me out, but I faced various forms
of harassment after leaving, including an attempt to abduct me using fake "aliens" known as
"Greys". They are fabricated machines remotely controlled by human operators. I kicked the
one that attempted to abduct me and exposed integrated circuits inside the robotic creature.
Witness "M.S." - Government Contractor 2009 - Dugway Proving Ground, Utah
In 2009, I was on a special assignment at Dugway Proving Ground in Utah. working as a
contractor for the C Martin Corporation. I was eventually led into a large NASA facility known
as the "Ghost Building". Escorted by an armed guard, I briefly saw six, white lab coat
technicians that appeared to be studying the unusual craft. The strange object measured 20 feet in
diameter, and 10 feet tall. It had a brushed metallic exterior appearance. It was saucer shaped
with a small dome on top, and an identical corresponding dome on the bottom. I noticed that it
was levitating approximately 10" off the floor. It appeared to be completely devoid of seams or
fasteners, and looked as though it was molded out of one piece. The craft featured a smooth
contouring continuous curvature throughout its design.
I had befriended the chief scientist who was working on the program. I was also "read into" and
received "actionable intelligence" specifically pertaining to a massive underground facility at
Dugway. I was briefed on this highly classified and complex Deep Underground Military Base
(DUMB) by the chief scientist who was in charge of the entire program. The gigantic
subterranean facility compromises 1,300 square miles underground. It had a massive above
ground parking area, with a single concrete access point that led to an elevator.
The enormous space could easily house squadrons of military helicopters, aircraft, Army assault/
support equipment and provisions for logistical support. It could also easily incorporate a series
of fully developed tunnels which connected Dugway to multiple DUMBs across the country.
8

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Each of these were designed to use high speed shuttles/trains which could crisscross the
continental United States faster than commercial airliners. Of special interest was a large
elevator/platform sufficient in size to accommodate Air Force One.
Witness "TB" - Army Officer/CID investigator - 2002-2012
Witness "TB" was retired from the army, then recruited to work as an investigator for the CID.
This witness was read into 18 USAPs (unacknowledged special access projects). He had a
TSSCI clearance. He investigated a 3-star general who took an unauthorized person, his
girlfriend that worked at Booz Allen Hamilton hoping to land a contract, to a USAP at Ft. Sill,
Oklahoma to see a downed ET craft that was being studied. The craft had a cloaking device that
was being reverse engineered. The general was showing this technology to his girlfriend. The
DOJ did not prosecute this 3-star general because the DOJ did not have access to the USAP and
their investigators did not have the clearance. This clearly shows some of these USAPs are
beyond the law. Ultimately, the general was demoted to a 2-star and retired.
He is 1 of 3 special agents who had a "read on" classified information into ATS/USAP/SAR/
Operational Nickname/Read only/NOFORN. He states that SAP and USAP facilities are located
everywhere embedded in University affiliated research centers, military bases and nondescript
commercial office space. Many USAPs are considered "waived" programs and are not
reportable to Congress and have very minimal oversight. He knows of USAPs in Irvine,
California in a business park and Lewis McChord AFB near Seattle, Washington and other areas
around the country that are dealing with the UAP issue, some of which are housing NHI.
He is aware of an enormous ET craft that was downed in the 1970s outside of Seoul, S. Korea. It
was so large that a special SCIF had to be built in the side of a mountain to house it.
He worked at the Technology Management Office in the basement of the Pentagon. He was read
into a USAP where very advanced satellite-based technologies, using an electromagnetic field,
are used to target a volume of airspace and are used to bring down aircraft. He is very concerned
about this as this kind of technology in the wrong hands could be used in a false-flag operation
and could lead to catastrophic loss.
He has also stated that ETs are not hostile and that the U.S. has collected targeted and downed
ET vehicles that are being reverse-engineered in super classified research laboratories all
underground run by contractors under large sums of currency appropriations - multi-trillion
dollar contracts for the DoD.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 3277, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Military
Wright Patterson
Nellis AFB Complex -
includes: Area 51, S2,
S4, Northern Nevada
Test Range, Pahute
Mesa
CIA/NSA/NRO/DoD
Dugway Proving
Ground
Edwards North Base
Complex
Ft. Huachuca
Kirtland Complex -
Sandia National Labs
Los Alamos National
Labs
Pine Gap
Area 52 - Tonopah
Corporate
Bechtel
Booze Allen Hamilton
Bell Labs
Raytheon
Lockheed Martin/
Skunkworks
Aorthrop Gruman -
Boeing
EG & G
General Electric
Hitt Corporation
Mitre Corp
SAIC
TRW
Top List of Black Sites
Wright Patterson Air Force Base (Dayton, Ohio) - Well known as a depository of recovered ET bodies, debris and craft. A
witness reports that deep under building 271 in AFMC headquarters may contain ET bodies
ET crash retrieval site, testing advanced technologies and manmade aircraft, Nevada Test Site- Northern Range- Delta
Force Helo Base. Test site for advanced technology
Compartmented Illegal operations some of which involve psychological warfare tactics on the public regarding UAP
Dugway Proving Grounds outside Provo, UT - classified airspace DITTO meteorology building 3032. Also, location of
HAARP weather system, Peace Treaty. Building of 1977 Weather Weaponization, located in Dugway Proving Ground
UT. DITTO- area in Garrison building Dugway Proving Ground. UT AVERY -Area Dugway Proving Ground w/ "Ghost
Building" (no numbers or markings), also location where ET autopsy took place. Black Ops NASA facilities.
Edwards North Base Complex (Rosamond, CA)- Location of classified aircraft/flying saucers in old hangars.
Underground storage facility, NSA and Army Intelligence complex near Ft. Huachuca. Underground storage of ET
spacecraft and previously autopsied ET lifeforms. HTJCOE. 9E T craft/ET bodies/DUMB
May have ET assets, Defense and nuclear assets
Alleged location where AztecUFO was brought after the retrieval operation on March 25. 1948. Believed to be one of
several locations where reverse engineering of ET craft takes place. Connects to Dulce Complex - PLEs
Joint U.S. and Australian underground facility run by 'Majestic". Witness saw PLE's being manufactured at this facility
used in military faked ET abductions.
Tonopah Test Range -Blacks Site advanced technology testing
Defensecontractor involved in building DUMBS- Deep Underground Military Bases
Defense contractor involved in advanced technologies related to reverse engineered ET technology
Defense contractor key in reverse engineering components and spin-off technologies related to ET technology
Advance reverse engineered technologies. Triangular shaped craft and V-Shaped
Advanced technologies used in black projects. Reverse engineered ET craft.
Black site part of Northrup Grumman. Network of underground tunnels and storage of advanced technological assets.
EMP weapon systems that shoot down ET craft
Boeing Phantom Works manufacturer of advanced aircraft used for covert programs - triangular shaped craft
Special Projects division at Area 51
zero point energy technologies
Defense contractor involved in building DUMBS- Deep Underground Military Bases
Government contractor dealingwith electrical robotics and high tech applications
Manufactures Advanced technologies used in black projects - UAPs, etc
Prime developer of aircraft and electronics used in UAP manufacturing. Bought by Northrop
10
