{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-10-03T17:56:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 13377810, "source_ctime_ns": 1788304473203839764, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/127801-embalming-et-article-from-the-american-funeral-director-relating-to-et-bodies-recovered-from-the-roswell-crash-november-1994.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785541246860000000, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/127801-embalming-et-article-from-the-american-funeral-director-relating-to-et-bodies-recovered-from-the-roswell-crash-november-1994.pdf", "source_sha256": "ce3c73f29330440f37fcafc2ebe5c3f33c2a573906e441a925bcf34dd67f80e6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 458, "chars": 2776, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Embalming E. 1.
the Air Force inquiring about +-foor-long caskets
by John H. Sime
In the summer of 1947, Glenn
Dennis was a font of information-
about embalming and embalming
fluid, since he had just graduated from
San Francisco Mortuary College. A
lifelong Roswell. New Mexico. resi-
dent. Mr. Dennis, today 68 years old.
recalls that he began his 35 years in
the funeral business by gong to work
for the local funeral director as a car
washer. a "go-fer." and, eventually, an
apprentice.
Mr. Dennis served as chairman of the
New Mexico State Board of Funeral
Directors and Embalmers for a time. It
was during his tenure that New
Mexico first required college study is
a requirement for licensing in that
state.
Though just starting out in the busi-
ness, Mr. Dennis might have been just
the right person to answer the phone
just after lunch on Tuesday, July 8,
1947, because an older practitioner,
for whom the textbooks were a distant
memory, would not have been able to
answer the questions about embalming
and embalming fluid, and the handling
of deceased remains that the U.S. gov-
ernment asked Glenn Dennis that day.
When the phone at Ballard Funeral
Home rang, Mr. Dennis found the
mortuary officer at Roswell Army Air
Base on the other end of the line:
"This is just a hypothetical situa-
tion, he began. "But do you have any
three-foot or four-foot-long, hermeti-
cally sealed casketsạ
"Yes, we have four feet," Glenn
A funeral director, John H. Sime is in
funeral service with his father at Sime
Funeral Home in Readstown, Wis. Mr.
Sime, a regular contributor to this jour-
nal, has an interest in UFOs.
24
allegedly crashed near the base in 1947.
Dennis answered.
*How many do you have?
*One."
"How soon before you could get
more?"
"If we called the warehouse in
Amarillo, Texas, before 3 p.m. today,
they can have them here tomorrow
morning. Is there some kind of a prob-
lem?" Mr. Dennis asked.
The funeral home where he worked
had the government contract with the
base to handle deaths, including air
"No, this is just for our information.?
The call ended. Mr. Dennis went
back to work. About an hour liter, the
same mortuary officer called back.
ẠiHow do you handle bodies that
have been exposed out in the desert for
four or five days?" he asked, again
assuring Glenn there was no crash.
This was just a hypothetical" situa-
tion.
They were just gathering information
for their files. The man also wanted to
know what embalming fluid did to tis-
sue, what embalming fluid was made
of, what to do to close holes in bodies
made by predators, how best to pick
up such remains. Glenn answered all
questions, and his pertormance was no
doubt impressive and a credit to his
profession - right out of embalming
school! Nevertheless, Glenn's curiosi-
ty was piqued.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 576, "chars": 3310, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Just call us for a situation like that!"
Mr. Dennis pointed out to the officer.
"Is there some kind of crash?"
"No, no, just gathering information
for our filesiẠạẠạ
Glenn's firm had handled up to 20
bodies at a time in crashes at the base.
The firm had constructed an addition
next to the embalming room just for
those situations. About an hour after
that strange call, an opportunity pre-
sented itself for a trip to the base. A
young airman had injured his hand in
a motorcycle accident. Now, Glenn
was called upon in the capacity of his
firm's ambulance service to transport
this man back to base.
The airman was able to sit in the
front seat of the hearse-ambulance
with Glenn. The guards at the gate,
familiar with Glenn, readily let the
hearse through. Glenn was a tamiliar
figure at the base - even being an
honorary member of its Officers Club.
He drove his ambulance to the base
hospital and backed up to the loading
area, as was his customary procedure.
This time, however, he noted there
were two field ambulances in the spot
he preferred, so he parked next to
them. He and the airman got out and
started into the hospital.
As Glenn passed the field ambu-
lances, which were guarded by an MP,
he looked into the open back end.
Inside both ambulances was an enor-
mous amount of a silvery, metallic-
like material, which seemed to be as
thin as aluminum foil, but not as flexi-
ble. Glenn particularly noticed two
chunks, each of which seemed to be
between 3 feet and 2.5 feet high, and
"curved like the bottom of a canoe."
Glenn also noticed odd markings, in
some sort of "hieroglyphic-like" script
that was totally unfamiliar. Mr. Dennis
sauntered down the hall of the hospi-
tal, heading to a soda machine - as
was customary after bringing in a
patient. Here Glenn had a nasty
encounter with an unfamiliar officer.
"Looks like you've got an air crash.
Should I go back to town and get my
equipment ready?" Glenn casually
asked the officer he saw in the hall-
way.
"Who the hell are you?" was the
response. Glenn introduced himself
and explained his role in handling
crash victims. The response to this
The American Funeral Director for November 1994
was an order to get out of the hospital
and off the base.
Glenn gladly complied and turned to
head back down the hall. He had not
gone far when he heard someone
scream after him. "Bring that [man]
back here!" And two MPs appeared
from somewhere, grabbed Glenn, and
took him back to a red-haired officer.
"Now don't you go back to Roswell
and start shooting off your mouth
about how there's been a crash out
ạỊạA series of threats fol-
lowed. Glenn said, "You can't talk to
me like that. I'm a civilian. You
haven't got any say over mei
"Listen, undertaker, somebody's
gonna be picking your bones out of
the sand." And the officer ordered the
MPs to personally escort Glenn back
to the funeral home, which they did.
On the way down the hall, however,
Mr. Dennis had an interesting
encounter with a female nurse he
knew. A door opened to a supply room
as Glenn and the MPs went down the
hallway. Out stepped the nurse, whom
Glenn had dealt with at the hospital.
She carried a towel over the lower part
of her face. Glenn at first thought she
had been crying.
"Glenn, what are you doing here?
You're going to get shot!" she
continued on page 42
25

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 855, "chars": 4971, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E.T.
continued from page 25
exclaimed
"Well, I'm leaving." He pointed
meaningfully to his armed escort. He
noticed that the nurse was followed
out of the supply room by two unt-
miliar men, both of whom also had
towels over their noses nd mouths.
Farther into the supply room Glenn
noticed gurneys.
The next day, that same nurse called
Glenn at the funeral home. The two of
them arranged to meet at the Officers
for Glenn an extraordinary tale - a
flying saucer had crashed out in the
desert and the Army had recovered
three dead aliens.
Two of the bodies were badly man-
gled, both by the crash and by preda-
tors. One body was in fairly good
condition. All the while, she kept
becoming more and more emotional.
Finally, she was openly crying in the
club.
Glenn thought it best to take her
back to the nurses' quarters on base.
After he dropped off the nurse, he
never saw or heard from her again. His
later inquiries produced the informa-
tion that she was transferred to
England. He obtained an address in
England, wrote to her, and received
back the letters, which were stamped
addressee deceased.
He heard that she was killed in a
plane crash. Talking to Glenn that
afternoon in the Officer's Club, the
nurse provided anatomical details. She
said that they were little, smaller than
an adult human. She said that the
hands were ditterent, too, that they
only had four fingers with the middle
two protruding longer than the others.
She saw no opposable thumb. She also
said that the anatomy of the arm was
different.
The bone from the shoulder to the
the elbow to the wrist. The heads were
larger than a human's. The eyes were
large and concave shape. She said that
all the features, the nose and the ears
and the eyes, were slightly concave.
The nurse went on to draw a small
sketch of the alien bodies, using the
Loamed Wire
sociated Pros
Movies as Usual
GRAND
Roswell Daily Rerori
RECORD PHOME
L P 001
Is Slacking
Is Slacking RAAF Captures Flying Saucer
Cours Matial On Ranch in Roswell Region
House Passes Socurty Council
• No Delails of Ex-King Carol Weds Mime. Lupescu
: Tax Slash by
Pares Way to Tells Flying Disk
On Arms Redaction:
He Large Margin
Are Revealed
of Soviel Satellites
Attend Parts Meeting
tans have
Opinions
no saucers.
Miners and Oporators Sige
lighest Wage Pact in Hblery
1947.
back of a prescription paper. It showed
that the bodies had four digits on each
hand. The end of each digit consisted
of a sort of pad. Mr. Dennis eventually
lost this sketch, but has reproduced his
own version.
The nurse also stated that the two
men following her out of the storage
room were pathologists from Walter
Reed hospital in Washington, D.C.
The nurse explained the towels over
their faces. "Until they got those bod-
ies frozen, the smell was so bad you
couldn't get within 100 feet of them
without gagging." It was when the
nurse stepped out of the room where
she had been assisting two doctors on
the bodies, to get some air, that she ran
into Mr. Dennis.
She explained that even the doctors
were getting sick, and the smell was so
bad they had to turn off the air condi-
tioning to keep it from spreading
throughout the hospital. Soon, they
gave up trying to work under such
conditions and completed the prepara-
tion of the bodies in a hangar.
Stanton T. Friedman, a nuclear
physicist who has written several
books and many articles on UFOs,
first brought the UFO crash at Roswell
to the attention of the public.
Since the late 1960s, Mr. Friedman,
now 59 years old and a resident of
New Brunswick, Canada, has been an
active researcher, writer, and lecturer
on UFOs. He has spoken at over 600
colleges in the United States, Canada,
and Europe. He has been a guest on
numerous radio and television shows,
such as Sally Jessie Raphael and Tom
He first heard about the Roswell inci-
dent while in Louisiana for a radio
interview. Someone at the radio station
told him about the late Jesse Marcel,
who then lived in nearby Houma, La.
Marcel told Mr. Friedman that he
had been heavily involved in the initial
retrieval of the wreckage and alien
bodies at Roswell. This information
spurred Mr. Friedman to investigate
the incident and the result has been
three books, numerous articles, and a
1989 NBC TV feature on "Unsolved
Mysteries." It was while he was in
New Mexico to film that 1989 TV
episode that Mr. Friedman first met
Glenn Dennis.
Mr. Dennis did not seek out Mr.
Friedman, but rather Mr. Friedman
used his research skill to track him
down. Mr. Friedman reasoned that
there must have been professional
mortuary knowledge used by someone
if alien bodies were recovered.
Therefore, he asked sources whether
military or private morticians were
used on the base in 1947. When told
that private morticians were used, he
found out who - and that led him to
Glenn Dennis.
Mr. Dennis refused to appear on the
'Unsolved Mysteries" show, but he
was very willing to speak with Mr.
Friedman.
Today, Mr. Dennis is involved with
the UFO Museum and Research

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 663, "chars": 4092, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Center in Roswell. This facility
opened last year and has already been
visited by more than 18,000 people.
The center has numerous books,
research materials, and exhibit items.
Walter Haut, the 1957 press relations
officer at Roswell Air Base, is elso
involved in the museum.
It was Mr. Haut who released a press
statement at about 11 a.m. on July 8,
1947.
"The many rumors regarding the fly-
ing discs became a reality yesterday
when the intelligence office of the
509th Bomb Group of the Eighth Air
Force, Roswell Army Air Field, WS
fortunate enough to gain possession of
a disc through the cooperation of one
of the local ranchers and the sheriff's
office of Chaves County.
"The flying object landed on a ranch
near Roswell sometime last week. Not
having phone facilities, the rancher
stored the disc until such time as he
was able to contact the sheriff's office,
who in turn notified Major Jesse A.
Marcel of the 509th Bomb Group
Intelligence Office.
ẠAction was immediately taken and
the disc was picked up at the rancher's
Generations of Commitment
Prairie States Lite Insurance
Company is proud to offer more
than 45 years of experience to
our friends in the funeral service
industry. When you join with
Prairie States Life to provide pre-
need insurance to your families,
you receive an unparalleled level
of support. We have an excellent
customer service department
and you have direct access to our
issue, claims, and underwriting
departments.
Prairie States pre-need
products are designed to meet
everyone's needs. Highlights include
excellent consumer value, guaranteed
growth rates, flexible payment options,
worldwide acceptance, and high com-
missions.
For more information on how
Prairie States Life Insurance can help you
serve your families, call 1-800-352-5173, ext. 123
or write Prairie States Life Insurance Company,
PO Box 2730-A, Rapid City, SD 57709-2730.
Brought to you by »
PRAIRIE STATES
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
NTERNATIONA
FUNERAL
MARKETING GROU
AD-162
0/94
44
home. It was inspected at the Roswell
Army Air Field and subsequently
loaned by Major Marcel to higher
headquartersạẠạ
Mr. Haut today maintains that he
issued this statement at the request of
the base commander, Col. William H.
Blanchard. Blanchard, according to
Mr. Haut, was very interested in main-
taining good relations between the
base and the Roswell communityiẠIf
anything unusual happened, or any-
thing he felt the community should
know about, he would call me and say,
'Get this thing out.' He did that with
many, many thingsiằ_
There is no doubt in Mr. Haut's mind
that Blanchard and Marcel were con-
vinced the debris found by the rancher
came from another planet.
There is also no doubt in Mr. Haut's
mind today that Blanchard did not
originate the idea of contacting the
press: "Do you think somebody was
ordering Blanchard to order you to
issue the press release?"
"Yes. I do," said Mr. Haut in a tele-
phone interview on January28. 1994.
He took the press release to radio sta-
tion KGHL and the Roswell Morning
Dispatch, which in turn communicated
the story to the wire services. Within
an hour. telephone lines into Roswell
and the base were jammed with calls
from all over the world.
Art MeQuiddy. then editor of the
Roswell Morning Dispatch, reports
that the reaction was almost mmedi
ate. "By the time Haut had gotten to
me it hadn't been 10 minutes and the
phones starting ringing
I didn't get off the phone until late
that afternoon. I had calls from
London and Paris and Rome and Hong
Kong that I can remember." he said.
Within hours, an official retraction
was released by the government. Jesse
Marcel was brought in to prop up the
official 'cover story" that what was
found was a weather balloon. Marcel,
in his later years, however, was very
willing to admit that he was ordered
by military superiors to make untrue
The Roswell base was then key in
the nuclear bomb strategy of the U.S.
government. The Cold War was just
starting, and World War II had just
ended. In those dys, when Uncle Sam
said shut up few people sked why.
The American Funeral Director for November 1994

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 609, "chars": 3919, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This was particularly the case in New
Mexico, where such sensitive military
installations as Los Alamos and White
Sands were located.
The next morning at 6 o'clock, the
sheriff went to Glenn's parents' home
and spoke to his tather, saying that
Glenn might be in trouble. Glenn's
parents related that the Chavez County
sheriff reported that the military had
interviewed him. They became wor-
ried their son was in trouble.
The Roswell Daily Record of
Tuesday, July 8, and Wednesday, July
9, 1947, spans the course of the initial
press flurry turning to a cover story.
"RAAF Captures Flying Saucer on
Ranch in Roswell Region," trumpeted
the Tuesday headline. The story stated
that Marcel's recovery of a disc
retrieved "on a ranch in the Roswell
vicinity, after an unidentified rancher
had notified Sheriff Geo. Wilcox, here,
that he had found the instrument on
his premisesiạẠạ
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Wilmot of Roswell
are also included in the same story,
recounting their sighting of an oval
object that was about 15 to 20 feet in
diameter and about five feet thick,
PLUS:
It's Easy To
Computerize with
Microsoft® Windows
& FDMS™ 2000
Attractive prayer caras and memorial
folders are just part of the reason to use
the Funeral Director's Monagement
System...Now there's a revolutionary
MS Windows version that includes all
the printing features found in the prior
version...
codes
• Extensive "checklist" shows tasks needing attention
• Enter informotion directly on images of actual forms
FOMS
OCTE
Screen test this beauty -
call for your free demo
disk today!
YOUR WINDOW INTO THE YEAR 2000
Special Introductory Offer - Three FREE Laser
Forms Worth $300. Call for details.
Davidson Software
Systems, Inc.
834 W. Grana River
Williamston, MI 48895
(517) 655-5485
(800) 678-3367
All registrations and trademarks belong to their respective owners.
traveling at 400 to 500 miles per hour
in a northwesterly direction. "In
appearance it looked oval in shape like
two inverted saucers faced mouth to
mouth, or like two old type wash
bowls placed together in the same
†Shion.
The entire body glowed as though
light were showing through from
inside, though not like it would be if a
light were merely underneathạthey
said.
Roswellians were surveyed by the
paper as to their opinions of the story
and most thought it was some sort of
secret government craft.
The next issue of the Daily Record
gives insight into the excitement
stirred up worldwide by Tuesday's
story. Sheriff Wilcox is photographed
talking on the phone to "a high
English official." However, the story
describes the incident asẠthe world
comedy, which developed over the
purported finding of a flying saucer.
"The numerous calls from reporters
around the world are mentioned.
Wednesday's headline sets the overall
tone: &ẠGen. Ramey Empties Roswell
Saucer_ằ__Brig. Gen. Roger M. Ramey,
head of the Eighth Air Force, called
the remains a weather balloon, the
paper reported.
Weather experts were quoted to the
effect that this was the most likely
explanation. A bizarrely written UFO
sighting from Iran is placed above
Ramey's explanation, as if to ridicule
the flying saucer story. The rancher
who found the object, W.W. "Mac"
Brazel, is quoted sayingạẠIf I find
anything else besides a bomb they are
going to have a hard time getting me
to say anything about it."
The object is described throughout
the article as "a balloon." This, on the
surface of it, seemed to put the matter
to rest.
It is interesting to note tiny item
just above the Brazel story, which
mentions a meeting between U.S.
Senator Carl A. Hatch, of New
Mexico, and President Truman on July
9. While it was described as being
*just a personal visit," a former
employee of the Roswell radio station
who interviewed Mac Brazel said that
the station owner received a call from
the office of New Mexico's other U.S.
Senator, Dennis Chavez, warning him
The American Funeral Director for November 1994

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 700, "chars": 4471, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
not to broadcast the interview if he
wanted his license renewed.
It is now known that Lt. Gen. Nathan
F. Twining, the commander of Air
Materiel Command, headquartered at
Wright Field in Ohio, made a sudden
visit to Alamogordo Army Air Field in
New Mexico on July 7, 1947. This
was a short drive from Roswell. On
the next day, Glenn Dennis received
his mysterious phone calls and made
his visit to the base. Twining later on
became the head of the Joint Chiets of
Staff.
Neither Mr. Haut nor Col. Blanchard
suffered any career repercussions. Mr.
Haut, prior to the incident, had already
decided to retire from the military and
settle in Roswell, which he did in
1948. Col. Blanchard went on to
become a general. Marcel went on to
do research on the Soviet nuclear pro-
gram. When President Truman
announced that the Soviet Union had
exploded a nuclear bomb, the report
he read to the public was written by
Jesse Marcel. As to where the bodies
of the aliens are today, Stanton
Friedman says: ¿ỗIt is anybody's
"I chose Foresight Analysts
because.iẠạẠồạ
66
initially chose
Foresight to advise
my lamily during the
time of business transi-
tion from my father to myself. My
relationship with Foresight has
grown since that time of business
succession planning, to personal
financial planning as well.
I have always found it helpful to
have someone I could turn to who
F.K. McFarland
really understands the business
and is able to answer all of my questions, whatever they
may be. Being a Funeral Director, much of my time is
focused on the funeral business itself, and I don't have the
extra time to research every question or to know all of the
aspects of the financial business.
Foresight has been extremely creative by suggesting ideas I
would have never thought about. The members of the staff
work hard to bring us the latest information and create
approaches that are tailored to our particular situation.
Any time I have a request, the staff at Foresight responds
in a timely manner. I can always count on Foresight
Analysts for my business and personal financial needsiạỊi
- F.K. McFarland
McFarland Funeral Chapel
Tryon, North Carolina
Anchor Centre One
2201 East Camelback Road
Suite 229-B
Phoenix, Arizona 85016
602• 468•6464
800• 426•0165
FAX 602• 468=6465
FORESIGHT ANALYSTS, INC.
01993 FORESIGHT ANALYSTS. INC
Financial Advisors To Individuals And Their Businesses
48
The nurse who spoke with Glenn in
the Officer's Club said she believed
the bodies ended up in Ohio.
Numerous rumors have circulated for
years concerning the alleged presence
of alien bodies at Wright Patterson Air
Force Base near Dayton, Ohio.
Stanton Friedman believes the bodies
may have been studied for a time at a
private clinic in Albuquerque, N.M.
It was also reported that the Fort
Worth, Texas, headquarters of the
Eighth Air Force and Gen. Ramey,
was the first destination of the crate
containing the bodies after it left
Roswell. The bombardier of the plane
that transported the crate reported the
flight was met in Fort Worth by,
among others, a man the bombardier
personally knew to be a mortician.
The identity of this mortician is
However. the identity of the other
mortician who played a role in this
event is well-known. Glenn Dennis
hs neither sought notoriety nor tried
to hide from researchers. He has an
mteresting story to tell, as do others
involved in the same event now will-
ing to talk about it in their sunset
years.
Would arterial embalming work on
an extraterrestrial? Embalming fluid
uses formalin. which changes the
chemical composition of protein by
acting on nitrogen. All life forms on
earth are protein-based organisms. If
alien bodies were recovered, and if
they were protein-based organisms,
then preservation could have been
achieved.
No funeral was held for the remains
of these stranded travelers. However,
the book The Roswell Incident by
Charles Berlitz and William L. Moore,
contains an account of the govern-
ment's providing a private viewing for
a member of the clergy. This book
includes a letter allegedly written on
April 19, 1954, which describes a
February 20, 1954, visit to Edwards
Air Force Base in California by
President Eisenhower to view the bod-
ies of alien pilots of a crashed UFO.
Bishop (later Cardinal) James F.A
McIntyre of Los Angeles, Edward
Nourse of the Brookings Institute, and
journalist Franklin Allen were also
permitted to view the bodies. The let-
continued on page 56
The American Funeral Director for November 1994

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 570, "chars": 3852, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
E.T.
continued from page 48
ter goes on to say that Eisenhower was
about toẠgo directly to the people via
radio and television" to spill the beans
on UFOs. Evidently, he changed his
mind, or else the letter is a fraud.
It should be mentioned that there is a
point of controversy within the com-
munity of UFO researchers as to
whether there were two or just one
UFO crash in New Mexico in July
1947. Stanton Friedman believes that
another UFO (with more alien bodies)
was recovered on the plains of San
Agustin - about 150 miles to the
west of Roswell, New Mexico.
It is thought that these two vehicles
may have collided. Other UFO
Service...
the key to your
business...
and to ours!
researchers - specifically Donald
Schmidt - beheve that the Roswell
crash was the only such incident to
occur in New Mexico, at that time.
Some also believe that after the
Roswell crash, a supersecret govern-
ment group called Majestic 12 was
established to oversee all UFO-related
events. Mr. Friedman has done exten-
sive reserch into the subject, the
results of which are found in his book
Crash at Corona. He has studied doc-
uments allegedly generated by this
secret group, and believes them gen-
uine.
A made-for-TV movie. *Roswell,"
was broadcast last July.Mr. Haut was
an dvisor for the movie.
Acknowledgements
Thanks to Glenn Dennis, Walter
Haut, and the UFO Museum in
BCS.
plai
Roswell, N.M.; Stanton Friedman,
Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada;
Richard Heiden, Milwaukee; Richard
Nelson, Mid-America College of
Mortuary Science; Prof. John Salter,
University of North Dakota at Grand
Forks:and Gary Sime, Readstown,
Wis.
Bibliography
Berlitz, Charles, and Moore, William
L., The Roswell Incident, Berkley
Books, New York, 1988.
Friedman, Stanton, and Berliner,
Don, Crash at Corona, Paragon
House, New York.
Schmidt, Donald, and Randle, Kevin,
UFO Crash at Roswell, Avon Books,
New York, 1992.
We
guarantee
it, or you get
your money
back!
Business
Software
Solutions
Ine.
Our software is
the easiest and
our support is
first class!
Call or Write for more information
on The Funeral Record Keeper!
1-800-441-BSSI (2774)
1552 Holiday Drive / Sandwich, IL. 60548
New Orleans Firm
Names Services Director
Security Industrial Funeral Home
Corporation and its affiliates.
Bultman, Lamana-Panno-Fallo, P. J.
McMahon & Sons, Thrp-Sonheimer-
Laudumicy. Tharp-Sontheimer-Tharp.
and Westside Funeral Homes are
pleased to announce that Mary Ellen
Steiner has been named Director of
Family and Community Service.
Ms. Steiner will be responsible for
the implementation and operation of
Security's Family and Community
Services DeprIment. This community
resource center will offer a vital and
continued base of support for all indi-
viduals and families experiencing
death in our community, as well as a
source of educational programming.
Ms. Steiner has been with Bultman
Funeral Home since 1991. She has a
Master of Divinity degree in psycholo-
By and counseling from New Orleans
Baptist Theological Seminary.
Disposable Poly Casket Covers
Helps Protect Caskets in Storage or Transit - Call For Free Sample.
21 Wide × 95' Long with 27"Sides - 125 Covers - $41.97*
The ultra clear cover is easily dispensed to place over the casket.
Four sealed sides elegantly drape down protecting the casket.
Keeps caskets polished look, sparkling clean for public showing.
Protects flag covered casket in transit and inclement weather.
CALL FOR FREE SAMPLES
* Plus Shippang & Handling
1-800-558-6055
Cocers are on a fear-off roll.
Discounted Cash Prices Shown
LUETZOW INDUSTRIES
Quantity Discounts Available.
1105 Davis Avenue, South Milwaukee, WI 53172
Buy Direct From Manufucture
414-762-0410
Mustercard or Visa Accepted.
Helps Protect Casket in Storage or Transit.
AMERICAN FUNERAL
DIRECTOR
Serving Those Who Serve
For 117 Years
56
The American Funeral Director for November 7994
