{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T05:04:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 39422141, "source_ctime_ns": 1790793663751897071, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/130630-dow-uap-d129-aawsap-dird-metallic-spintronics-march-23-2010-pdf.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790793662514583781, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/130630-dow-uap-d129-aawsap-dird-metallic-spintronics-march-23-2010-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "f4ca1d6db66a984eff37e7cc00de6aeb6e0965d26259d66a86cc1486ff3f80fe"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /fi8rt 8fifil@ltltl tJ!f! 8HL1/


                          Defense
                          Intelligence
                          Reference
                          Document
                         Acquisition Threat Support
23 March 2010

ICOD: 1 December 2009

DIA-08- 1003-011


                          Metallic Spintronics


                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FQA QFFI&IAI: IJSE 8UL\S
                    UNCLASSIFIED//F8R 8FFl&l111L W&& 8f1Ll/


Metallic Spintronics


Prepared by:

Acquisition Support Division (DW0-3)
Defense Warning Office
Directorate for Analysis
Defense Intelligence Agency

Author:


AAP Person 71
Administrative Note

COPYRIGHT WARN ING : Further dissemi nation of the photographs In this publication Is not a.uthorlzed.


This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
this document should be addressed to!AAP Person 1                I AAWSA Prog ram
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: CLAR/DW0-3, Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.


ii
                    UNCLASSIFIED//FQA QFFiGiillk W&& 9tJb¥
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEJIAI:: WSE 0Ptl::1f


Contents
1. Introduction ......................................................................................................iv

2. Giant Magnetoresistance .................................................................................... 1

      2.1 GMR Basics .........................................................................................1••········· 1

      2.2 GMR Applications ........................................................................................ 3

3. Spin-Transfer-Torque ......................................................................................... 4

      3.1 STT Basics ........................................................................................,........... 4

      3.2 STT Experiments ............................................................................................... 7

      3.3 STT Applications ............................................................................ ..... ........... 10

      3.4 STT-Driven Motion of Magnetic Domain Walls ........................................... 12

4, Antiferromagnetic Metal Spintronics ............................................................... 12

      4.1 Antiferromagnetic GMR .........,............ .,....................................................... 13

      4.2 Antiferromagnetic STT....................................................................... ........ 14

5. Summary and Conclusions ............................................................................... 16

6. References ..............................................................................................,......... 18


Figures

Figure 1. In a Magnetic Multilayer, Several Atomic Layers of Magnetic Material
          Alternate With Layers of Nonmagnetic Material ...................................... 1
Figure 2. Resistance of a Magnetic Multilayer R Versus Magnetic Field ...... ............ 2
Figure 3. Differential Resistance dV/dI of a Mechanical Point Contact as a Function
          of Current for a Series of Magnetic Fields................................................ 4
Figure 4. Device Schematics for STT Experiments ................................................. 5
Figure 5. Qualitative Picture of STT ....................................................................... 6
Figure 6. Torques on a Magnetic Moment in a Magnetic Field and Subject to an
          Electrical Current .........................................................................           7
                                                                                                              , 1• • • • • • • • • • •


Figure 7. Spin-Torque-Driven Magnetic Switching .................................................. 8
Figure 8. Oscillatory Voltage .................................................................................. 9
Figure 9. Scanning Transmission X-ray Microscopy Images ................................. 10
Figure 10. Conventional MRAM Cell ....................................................................... 11
Figure 11. Racetrack Memory Concept .................................................................. 12
Figure 12. Schematic of Point Contact to Sample Geometry ................................. 15


iii
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA 8FFIGIAI:: WSE OPtl::lf
             UNCLASSIFIED/ /POK orr1e1At tt!I!! er~LY

Metallic Spintroni·cs

1. Introduction
The rapid pace of progress in the computer industry over the past 40
years has been based on the miniaturization of chips and other
computer components. Further miniaturization, however, faces
serious challenges-for example, increasingly high power dissipation.
To continue on pace, the industry must g,o beyond incremental
improvements and embrace radically new technologies. A promising
nanoscale technology known as spintronics (a neologism for "spin­
based electronics"} has emerged. Spintronics refers to the role an
electron spin plays in solid-state physics. Spintronics researchers
aim to develop a revolutionary new class of electronic devices based
on the spin of electrons in addition to the charge. In spintronic
devices, information is carried not by the electron's charge, as in
conventional microchips, but by the electron's intrinsic spin.
Changing the spin of an electron is faster and requires less power
than moving it. Therefore, if a reliable way could be found to control
and manipulate spins, spintronic devices could offer higher data
processing speeds, lower electricity consumption, and many other
advantages over conventional chips, perhaps including the ability to
carry out radically new quantum computations.

Spintronics in ferromagnetic systems is built on a complementary
set of phenomena in which the magnetic configuration of the system
influences its transport properties and vice versa. Giant
magnetoresistance (GMR} (Reference 1, 2} and spin-transfer-torque
(STT} (Reference 3-5} phenomena exemplify such interconnections
in multilayers composed of ferromagnetic (F} and nonmagnetic (N)
layers. The physics and applications of metallic spintronics are
discussed in this report from the perspec:t ive of these two
phenomena. GMR, research on which was awarded the Nobel Prize in
Physics in 2007, refers to a large change in resistance of magnetic
multilayers when the relative orientation of magnetic moments in
their constituent ferromagnetic layers is altered by an applied
magnetic field. The inverse effect, STT, in which a large electrical
current density j can perturb the magnetic state of a multilayer, has
also been predicted (Reference 3, 4} and observed in experiments on
current-induced reversal and precession of magnetization
(Reference 5-9} and magnetic domain wall motion (Reference 10,
11}.


iv
             UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR OFFICiI.ALi !9&i ODIL;¥
             UNCLASSIFIED/ /&OA QFFI&IAL l:t!II!! er•t I

Spintronics is a broad research field with ( currently) three major
subfields: (1) materials research that is attempting to create new
materials that are both magnetic and semiconductors, (2) research
on novel magnetotransport effects in ferromagnetic metals, and (3)
research on techniques that can be used to manipulate individual
electron spins. The first subfield is targeting magnetic
semiconductors because devices based on such materials would be
the easiest to integrate with the present semiconductor device
technology and processing capabilities. However, despite extensive
research, most semiconductor spintronic devices are still theoretical
concepts awaiting experimental demonstrations. This report focuses
on spintronics research in metallic systems within the scope of the
second and third subfields. The second subfield has experienced an
unprecedented period of new discovery over the past 20 years,
including the discovery of GMR, and has already spawned major
technological change in the information storage industry with the
use of GMR sensors and read heads. The third subfield is vital for
spintronic devices, as virtually any processing of information in such
devices is associated with transport and manipulation of spins.

New and efficient methods for manipulating spins that stimulate
active research programs in spintronics at a large number of
academic institutions and a half-dozen industrial research labs
around the world are highly desirable. The prize to be gained is
active control and manipulation of spin distributions (magnetic
moments) for new and improved functionality in
electronic/spintronic devices. The confluence of intense basic
science and industry interest in ferromagnetic metal spintronics has
not occurred on this scale in physics in a long time.

The report is arranged as follows: Section 2 is dedicated to
magnetotransport effects in magnetic systems where magnetic
configuration can influence the system's transport properties. It
discusses GMR in magnetic multilayers and related phenomena,
highlights basic physical principles responsible for GMR, and
describes technological applications of the effect. Section 3 focuses
on the reverse connection between the system's magnetic
configuration and its transport properties-the so-called STT effect.
The physical origin and potential applications are discussed. Section
4 discusses other new directions in metallic spintronics, with a
particular focus on spintronics with antiferromagnetic materials.
Section 5 summarizes, with an eye to the future, the development of
spintronic technologies and their aerospace applications.


V
             UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIGIAk Wii SU•k¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOlt Offl@IAL ~91! OHL¥


2. Giant Magnetoresistance
2.1 GMR BASICS
This section discusses the phenomenon of giant magnetoresistance (GMR). Excellent
reviews of GMR are available elsewhere (Reference 12-22). The focus on physical
concepts important for the sections to follow are discussed.

GMR in magnetic multilayers refers to a dramatic reduction in the resistance of the
multilayers when subjected to an external magnetic field. GMR's size is usually defined
as the resistance change in magnetic field relative to its peak value. The effect can be
distinguished from the ordinary magnetoresistance (MR) coming from the direct action
of the magnetic field on the electron trajectories via the Lorentz force (Reference 23),
and from the anisotropic MR, which comes from dependence of the resistivity on the
relative orientation of magnetic moment to the current (Reference 24 ).

To prepare the magnetic multilayers,
where several atomic layers of one
(ferromagnetic) material alternate by
layers of another (nonmagnetic)                   Current
material (see Figure 1), a wide variety            In
of deposition methods have been used,
                                              the Plane
such as electrochemical deposition
techniques (Reference 25, 26) and
various vacuum deposition techniques
(Reference 27, 28). The latter shares
mainly between two methods using
either sputter deposition or molecular
beam epitaxy (MBE) systems. Sputter
deposition involves knocking off the                                             Current
atoms of the material of interest from a                                         Perpendicular
target by particle bombardment,                                        to the Plane
followed by the deposition of high­
energetic atoms ( N2-30 electronvolts
[eV]) onto the substrate. A principal
advantage of sputter deposition is the
ease with which many different
                                          Figure 1. In a Magnetic Multilayer, Several Atomic
materials can be deposited at relatively  Layers of Magnetic Material (shown In grey)
high deposition rates. In contrast,       Alternate With Layers of Nonmagnetic Material
deposition rates in MBE systems are       (shown in white). GMR occurs in one of two different
                                          geometries: (1) when the cu rrent flows in the plane (CIP
usually much lower than for sputtering    geometry) of the layers or (2) wh en th e current flows
systems, but much lower energies          perpendicular (CPP geometry) to t he layers.
(~0.1 eV) of the evaporated material
make this technique favorable for growth of highly oriented single-crystalline films.

The original observation of GMR (Reference 1) was made on MBE grown iron-chromium
(Fe/Cr) mu ltilayers with nearly perfect crystal lin ity. Subsequently, by using sputtered
samples that are grown much more rapidly than MBE samples, it was possible not only
to reproduce these results but also to observe osci ll ations in the magnetoresistance as
the th ickness of the nonmagnetic spacer layers was varied (Reference 29). Subsequent

1
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIGI.t.b W&& &PtblJ
                   UNCLASSIFIED/,'FOA OFFIQI.•.k Wili Qralk¥

studies (Reference 30) on sputtered cobalt-copper (Co/Cu) multilayers revealed
magnetoresistances at room temperatures 3 to 4 times larger than those for iron ­
chromium and 13 times gr eater than those for the permalloy films that were used as
magnetoresistive sensors in magnetic reading heads at that time. The much higher
numbers observed in magnetic multilayers predetermined the fate of GMR in magnetic
recording technology.

The current understanding is that GMR                                   R
observed in magnetic multilayers arises
from the dependence of the resistivity
on their internal magnetic configuration
and the role of the external magnetic
field to change this configuration. Figure
2b illustrates GMR in the simple limit
where the electron mean-free-path is                                Bs
much longer than the layer thicknesses.                              J      RF - - - -
The electrical transport properties of the
                                                                          0
system are described in terms of the so­
                                                                   Magnetic Field
called two-current model (Reference
31), based on the suggestion by Mott                F1 F2              F1 F2
(Reference 32) that, at temperatures                  l l              ' t--
lower than the Curie temperature, the
spin -up and spin-down electrons will be
almost independent and carry current in
parallel. Electrons are much more
strongly scattered by a magnetic layer if
they and the local magnetization spin in
opposite rather than the same direction
(R > r). For simplicity, the figure is
drawn with scattering only at interfaces;
however, there is also scattering within
                                                 t R
                                                 ~
                                                 t r
                                                           R


                                                           r        w
                                                                    t R r

                                                                             R
                                                                                     t r
                                                                                   ioo}
                                                                                        R
                                                                                               r


                                                                                               R
                                               Figure 2. (a) Resistance of a magnetic multilayer R
                                               versus magnetic field. {b) Origin of GMR in terms of
the layers. At zero magnetic field,            spin-dependent electron scattering: F1 aInd F2 are
                                               ferromagnetic layers with a nonmagnetic layer in
where the magnetizations of adjacent           between. At zero magnetic field, the magnetizations
magnetic layers are aligned                    in F1 and F2 are aligned antiparallel (center panel)
antiparallel-for example, because of           and can be switched to parallel orientation by an
                                               applied field. (c) The equivalent resistance circuits
exchange coupling between the layers           corresponding to the three magnetic configurations
(Reference 29)-the spin-down                   shown in (b). See text for details.
electrons are weakly scattered in layer
Fl but strongly scattered in F2. In contrast, the spin-up electrons are weakly scattered
in layer F2 but strongly scattered in FL As a result, two channels are equivalent,
leading to a total resistance in this "antiferromagnetic" configuration RAF= (R+r)/2 (see
the corresponding resistance circuit in Figure 2c).

When the magnetizations of the two F layers are set into parallel configuration by an
applied magnetic field, the spin-up electrons are weakly scattered in both layers and
form a low-resistivity channel, whereas the spin-down electrons are strongly scattered
in all the layers and form a high - resistivity channel. The reversal of magnetic fii eld just
interchanges the roles of spin-up and spin-down channels. The current's shunting by
the low-resistivity channe'I produces a low total resistance RF= 2Rr/(R+ r) in this
"ferromagnetic" configuration . The size of the GMR is defined as (RAF-RF)/RAF = (R-

2
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /iiOlil OiiiilCI0L: 1166 ON! X
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&iI.,k Wli& O,.kY

r) 2/(R+r) 2 ~ 1. The other definition ti. R/R = (RAF-RF)/RF= (R-r)2/4Rr (unbounded from
above) is also in use. Figure 2a shows a magnetoresistance curve typical for magnetic
multilayers. The resistance is constant at a minimum value RF above a saturation field
Bs (parallel Fs) and rises to a maximum value RAF as the applied magnetic field B
approaches zero (antiparallel Fs).

GMR occurs in two different geometries (see Figure 1): namely when the current flows
in the plane of the layers, or CIP geometry, or when current flows perpendicular to the
layers, or CPP geometry. Most of experiments on GMR are carried out in the CIP
geometry because measuring the fairly large resistance of a thin film is quite easy (film
length is typically orders of magnitude larger than its thickness). Experiments in the
CPP geometry are more d'i fficult (Reference 33) and require special techniques for
precision measurements of very small resistances ~10-7 - 10-s Q resulting from the
"short and wide" geometry of a 1-mm 2 "wide" and 1-~Lm "long" sample . In order to
increase the resistances to easily observable values, microfabrication techniques can be
used to reduce the sample's cross-sectional area (Reference 34-36). Finally, a simple
and inexpensive point-contact technique (Reference 37) may also be suitable for this
purpose. The samples with a reduced cross-sectional area will be of interest for spin­
transfer-torque experiments presented in Section 3.

2.2 GMR APPLICATIONS
GMR is currently used in magnetic field sensors, including those in read heads for
computer hard drives, in galvanic isolators, and in nonvolatile random access memory
devices. Reading information stored on magnetic har d disk drives in computers was the
first large-sca le commercial application of GMR. The information is stored by
magnetizing small regions (magnetic domains) of a magnetic recording disk in different
directions. The stray magnetic fields from these domains are detected by a GMR
sensing element called spin valve. The simplest type of spin valve consists of two
ferromagnetic layers separated by a thin, nonmagnetic spacer. The spin-valve
resistance is smallest when the magnetizations of the two ferromagnetic layers are
para llel and largest when the magnetizations are antiparallel. The antiparallel alignment
is achieved by making the two layers respond differently to an external magnetic field;
an antiferromagnet in contact with one of the layers is used to effectively "pin" the
magnetization in this layer through an effect called "exchange bias." The exceptional
responsiveness of spin valves to magnetic fields has enabled very high areal packing
densities in hard drives.

Other sensor applications using GMR elements include monitoring of a ferrous gear
rotation in machinery oper ation (Reference 38) via detection of a changing magnetic
flux when a gear tooth passes near the sensor, man itoring of electrical current via
detection of the current-induced Oersted magnetic field, and transferring high­
frequency signals between isolated circuits (Reference 39) via magnetic fields
generated by a high-frequency inductor in one circuit and replicated in another circuit
by a GMR sensor.


3
                 UNCLASSIFIED//5O9 AEFICI0L 11 && Q,.L¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&ilAk Wlili O,.kY


3 . Spin-Transfer-Torque
This section focuses on the spin-transfer-torque (STT) phenomenon, which refers to a
novel method to control and manipulate magnetic moments in nanostructures by spin
currents-one of the forefront and most exciting areas in magnetism research today.

3.1 STT BASICS
The previous section showed that the magnetic state of a ferromagnet can affect its
electrical transport properties; for instance, the relative orientation of the magnetic
moments in magnetic multilayers underlies the phenomenon of GMR (Reference 1, 2).
The inverse effect, in which a large electrical current density can perturb t he magnetic
state of a multilayer, has also been predicted (Reference 3, 4). Here the current
transfers vector spin between the magnetic layers and induces precession and/or
reversal of the layer magnetizations. Altering the magnetic state with spin currents is
based on quantum mechanical exchange interaction and represents a novel method of
magnetization control on the nanometer length scale and the picosecond time scale.

The first observation of such a spin­               45 ,---,---,---,---,---,--,,---,--~-,---,---,---,
transfer phenomenon in magnetic
multilayers was recorded by Tsoi et al.             44
(Reference 5) (see Figure 3). In this
experiment, the spin-transfer-induced               43
excitations were produced by injecting
high-density electrical currents into a
Co/Cu magnetic multilayer through a           ~
                                                    42
                                                      -a
mechanical point contact. Point contacts      ~ 41
smaller than 10 nanometers (nm) are
formed when a sharpened Cu metal                    40
wire (tip) is carefully brought into
contact with the multilayer. The                    39
extremely sma ll cross -sectional area of
such a contact makes it possible to                 38~~~~~-~~~~~~-~

                                                     -0.03   -0.02    -0.01    0.00    0.01    0.02     0.03
achieve current densities in excess of
10 12 A/m 2 . Because of its extremely                                        VM
sma ll size ( <10 nm), point contact is a     Figure 3. Differential Resistance dV / di of a
very efficient probe of electrical            Mechanical Point Contact as a Function of Current
transport properties in ext remely small      for a Series of Magnetic Fields. The peak In dV/dl
sample volumes inaccessible with other        ind icates the onset of SST excitations. The inset shows
                                              that t he thres hold cu rrent at t he peak In dV/dl Increases
techniques (for example, electron­            linearly with the applied field. (Reference 5)
beam -lithography pattern ing). The
latter qualifies point contact as the smallest probe of STT today.

The STT phenomenon currently attracts considerable attention because it combines
poorly understood fundamental science questions with the promise of applications in a
broad range of technologies. In high-speed, high-density magnetic recording
technology, for instance, SST could replace the Oersted field currently used for writing
magnetic bits in storage media (for example, in magnetic random access memory
[MRAM]). This may lead to a sma ller and faster magnetic memory. Another possible
application is based on the spin -transfer-induced precession of magnetization, which

4
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /P'Olt Offl@IAL ~SE 8PtLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOft Offl@IAL ~SE 8,.L?f

converts a direct current (de) voltage input into an alternating current (ac) voltage
output. The frequency of such a precession can be tuned from a few gigahertz (GHz) to
> 100 GHz by changing the applied magnetic field and/or de current, effectively
resulting in a current-controlled oscillator for use in practical microwave circuits.

Since its prediction in 1996, the STT effect has been observed in a number of
experiments, including those with mechanical (Reference 5, 9, 40) and lithographic
point contacts (Reference 6, 41), manganite junctions (Reference 7), electrochemically
grown nanowires (Reference 8), lithographically defined nanopillars (Reference 42, 43),
tunnel junctions (Reference 44), and semiconductor structures (Reference 45). These
different methods all share one characteristic feature: they make it possible to attain
extremely high current densities (>10 12 A/m 2 for metallic structures) needed to produce
sufficiently large spin-transfer torques (Reference 3, 4 ). This is achieved by forcing the
electrical current to flow through a very small constriction. The latter can be a
mechanical point contact, a lithographically defined point contact or nanopillar, or a
nanowire, as illustrated in Figure 4. I n all cases, the maximum current density jmax =
I/A is defined by the current I flowing through the device and the minimum cross­
sectional area A of the current path. For typical mechanical point contacts, I 1 mA and                     ~
A ~100 nm 2 gives jmax ~10 13 A/m 2 . In lithographically defined structures, both I and A
are typically larg er, I ~10 mA and A ~10000 nm that gives jmax ~10 A/m
                                                                  2
                                                                      ,
                                                                                               12       2
                                                                                                            .


  mechanical             lithographycal                manganite     electrodeposited               IIthog raphycal
 point contacts          point contacts           trilayer junctions    nanowires                   pillar devices

         e-


Figure 4. Device Schematics for STT Experiments. All experiments share one co mmon feature: a small
constriction for electrical current-that Is, point contact, junction, nanowire, or nanopillar. Black (grey) Indicates
insulator; dark blue indicates mag netic materia l.

The basic physical mechanism underlying STT relies on conservation of angular
momentum. Consider a pedagogically simple case where a conduction electron crosses
an interface between a nonmagnetic metal (N) and a ferromagnet (F). We assume the
initial state of the electron's spin S in N is noncollinear to the F's magnetization M. Once
into F, S is subject to an exchange torque caused by M that tends to reorient S.
Therewith, according to Newton 's Third Law, there should also exist a reaction torque
that acts on M - STT torque. Deep into F, S is aligned with M, and the change in
angular momentum that occurs from its reorientation has been transferred to M. Hence
the phenomenon's name: spin -transfer torque. Of course, the torque applied to M by a
single-sp in S is negligibly small owing to S being negligibly small compared with M. For
high current density crossing the N/F interface, however, the number of such spins can
be very large and the resulting effective S might become comparable to M. This
highlights the need for high current densities to observe the STT phenomenon .

A typical experiment on current-driven excitation of a ferromagnet usually involves two
single-domain thin -film magnets separated by a nonmagnetic spacer. Here one magnet

5
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ ,CFOA QFFIGIAk W&& 0PtLY
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtkY

(Fa) is "hard" and used to polarize the current, while the spacer (N) is thin enough for
the polarized current to get t hrough and excite t he second "free" magnet (Fb) , This
Fa/N/Fb trllayer structure is sim ilar to a GMR spin valve . The GMR effect can thus be
used to monitor the orientation of Fb relative to Fa - GMR varies linearly with cose,
where e is ang le between magnetic moments of Fa and Fb, and a phenomenological
description (Reference 46) gives the trilayer resistance R(0) = RF+ (RAF- RF) (1 -
cos0)/2. When current flows across Fa/N/Fb, t he current-induced torques act on both Fa
and Fb layers (Reference 3, 47). Th is is schematica lly illustrated in Figure 5. This
qualitative picture of STT .assumes both Fa and Fb layers are perfect spin filters, so t hat
electron spins aligned with t he magnetic moment of, for example, Fa layer are
completely transmitted t hrough the layer, while spi ns aligned antiparallel to the layer
moment are comp letely reflected. When electron current crosses the Fb/N/Fa trilayer
from right to left (Figure Sa), electrons transmitted t hrough Fa will be polarized along
Fa. If spin-diffusion length in N is long enough, this spi n- polarized curre nt will reach Fb
and exert a torque on Fb in a direction so as to align Fb with Fa. Repeating the argument
for Fb, we find that electrons reflected from Fb will be polarized antiparallel to Fb and,
hence, in turn exert a torque on Fa trying to alig n Fa antiparallel with Fb. The net result
is a pinwheel-type motion with both Fa and Fb rotating in the same direction (clockwise
in Figure Sa), as described previously by Slonczewski (Reference 3). When the current
crosses the trilayer from left to right, the directions of the torques are reversed (Figure
Sb) - the torque on Fa is trying to align Fa parallel with Fb, while the torque on Fb is
trying to align Fb antiparallel with Fa .


                Fb N                 Fa                           F N


                r V   -¢
                      ¢-
                         ¢                                                                                     (b)

                      Electron Current                                  Electron Current
Figure 5. Qualitative Picture of STT. (a) For left- going electrons magnetic moments (thin arrows) of both Fa and
Fb are rotated clockwi se. (b) For right-going electrons the directions of t he torques (thick arrows) on Fa and Fb are
reversed . (Reference 47)

The above discussion implies the asymmetry of STT with res pect to current direction as
follows. Let's fix t he orientation of the polarizer Fa; in experiments this is usually
accomplished by making Fa very t hick (compared wit h Fb) or by pi nn ing its orientation
with an adjacent antiferromagnetic layer via the phenomenon of exchange bias. If
initially Fb is almost parallel with Fa, t he left-going electrons will stabilize this parallel
alignment, and no STT excitation is present. When current bias is reversed , the torque
on Fb will try to rotate Fb away from Fa and will result in STT excitation of the system.
This asymmetry with respect to current polarity is one of the main features of STT in
experiments; see, for insta nce, Figure 5, where STT excitations are present only at
negative bias.

6
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'EAR AEFICIOL !9&i Ql'IL¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFl@IAL ~81: 8HLY

3 .2 STT EXPERIMENTS
Section 3.1 introduced the physics of STT in magnetic nanosystems. We have seen that
a high-density electrical current can result in torques on magnetic elements of the
system . These torques may be used to control and manipulate the system's magnetic
state . However, the resulting behavior of the system can differ significantly from case
to case, depending on particular conditions of observation. For instance, in modest
external magnetic fields, magnetization of a small element can be repeatedly reversed
between two stable configurations, while at higher fields, where the reversal is
energetically unfavorable, the moment can be set into precession at a very high
                                                                                       ...
frequency . To understand details of what happens with a magnetic moment S in a
particular situation, one can use Newton's Second Law.
    ...                                                                                            ...
For S this would be the Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert equation, where the rate of change of S
                                            ...
is set equal to the net torque acting on S :


Equation 1:


                                  ...
Here the first term on the right is the
torque on a magnetic moment S in an
                          ~


effective magnetic field B eff, (including
applied, demagnetizing, anisotropy, and                                            •         •
other fields), with y the gyromagnetic            STT
ratio; the second term is a
phenomenological damping term
introduced by Gilbert, with a. the Gilbert
damping parameter; ~e thir~ term is
the SST where small s· and * are unit                                        Damping
vectors along and the polarizer ' *, I
is the current, µs is the Bohr magneton,
e is the electron charge, and 11 is the
spin -polarization factor.

The diagram in Figu re 6 shows the
directions of the three torques from
Equation 1. Note that, depending on the
polarity of applied current, the STT          Figure 6. liorques on a Magnetic Moment in a
torque can be either in the same or           Magnetic Field and Subject to an Electrical Current
opposite direction as the damping
torque . In the former case, STT will effectively result in an increased damp~ng for any
magnitude of the applie~ current and suppress any possible excitations of               from its
equilibrium state along B eff. If, however, the STT torque is opposite to the damping,
                                   ...
we can distinguish two situations. For currents below a critical current, where STT is
                                                      ~


sma ll compared with damping, S spirals toward B eff (red traj ectory in Figure 6). For


7
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /&Olil OfifilCI\L: Wii OPIL:¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOlt Offl@IAL ~91! OHL¥


currents larger than __.
                      the critical current, STT exceeds the damping torque and causes

                                                              ...
to spiral away from B eff, with a steadily increasing precession angle.
                                                                  __.
                                                                        The ultimate

                                                                     -
result can be either stable steady-state precession of S around B eff (black trajectory in
                                     ...
Figure 6) or magnetic reversal of S into a state anti parallel to B eff, depending on the
angular dependence of STT and damping torques.

Almost all experimental observations of STT rely on the GMR phenomenon to detect the
current-induced reorientation of magnetic moments in nanodevices. Typical
measurements include (1) measuring static device resistance
                                                     __.    R= V/I as a function of __.
applied de bias current I in an applied magnetic field B and (2) measuring R versus B
at a constant I. Figure 3 shows how the differential resistance dV/dl of a Cu point
contact to Co/Cu magnetic multilayer varies with the bias voltage V (equivalent to I)
applied across the contact. Here the multilayer magnetic moments are saturated out of
the plane of the layers by a sufficiently large externa l magnetic field (B ;:: 2T). The
onset of STT-driven magnetic precession is revealed by a peak in differential resistance
of the contact. The peak in dV/dl indicates the transition into precession is a reversible
process, and in a small range of currents, one can continuously increase or decrease
the angle of precession. However, other scenarios are also possible- for example, fast
transitions between static and steady-state precession states with current-dependent
dwell time.

If the applied magnetic field is small, the
magnetic system can have more than one
                                                  6 a.2
                                                                           •
                                                  -=a
low -energy state. In the simple case of a
magnetic element with uniaxial
anisotropy, STT can trigger a transition
                                                        8.1
between two static states that are
energetically favorable. An example of
such behavior is shown in Figure 7. Here        u >8.0     --
                                                                                  •    -
                                                                                                 .
the current is driven across a trilayer
Py20nm/Cu12nm/Py4.Snm spin- valve                               -0.4 -0.2 0.0 0.2             0.4
structure patterned by electron beam
lithography into a nanopillar with a 40 x
                                                                          I (mA.)
                                                Figure 7. Spin-torque-driven magnetic switching
120 nm 2 cross-sectional area (Reference        for a Py20nm/Cu12nm/Py4.5nm spin valve with a
48). The differential resistance of the        40x120-nm 2 cross-sectional area, as the
                                                magnetization of the thin (free) magnetic layer is
nanopillar exhibits a hysteresis as a           aligned parallel and antiparallel to the thicker
function of an applied bias current as the      magnetic layer by an applied current. (Reference
magnetization of the thin (free) permalloy 48)
(Py) layer is aligned para llel and
antiparallel to the thick (hard) Py layer by the current.

The two examples presented above (Figures 3 and 7) demonstrate how simple de
resistance measurements can be used for STT observation. Here the measured
resistance of a device provides indirect information about the relative orientation of
magnetic elements in the device . However, measured critical currents highlighted by
sharp variations in the resistance remain the only experimental information t hat can be
used to quantitatively compare theory and experiment. Moreover, the de measurements
in Figure 3 provide no information about fast evolution of magnetization in the device

8
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIO 1 1!SF Al:!! X
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /P'Olt orr1e1At tt!I!! er~LY

associated with high-frequency precession of magnetic moments. High-frequency
techniques must be employed to provide such capabilities, as discussed next.

The first experiment providing unequivocal evidence that a de electrical current can
result in high-frequency (tens of GHz) precession of magnetic moments was reported
by Tsoi et al. in (Reference 9). Here an STT device- point contact-was placed in a
microwave cavity of a high-frequency, high-field electron spin resonance (ESR)
spectrometer. This arrangement allowed performing de transport experiments, such as
those described above, while the contact was irradiated with high-frequency
microwaves. When the frequency of external microwaves matched the precession
frequency excited by the de current, an additional (rectified) voltage was detected
across the contact. By detecting this voltage while varying the external frequency, field,
and applied current, Tsoi et al. (Reference 9) were able to map the frequency excited
by de current as a function of applied field and current. In a more recent experiment,
Rippard et al. (Reference 49) fed microwaves to a point contact via electrical leads and
reported observation of a similar de response.

Finally, the high-frequency dynamics of                               .                 .
the free-layer magnetization can be                100   .C                             .
measured directly by detecting high ­
frequency oscillations in voltage across
a spin valve under de current. Here the
hard magnetic layer is fixed, while the
free layer exhibits a high-frequency
                                             >
                                             a
precession relative to the hard layer.       Cl)    0.                                  I•


                                             ->
GMR results in a high -freq uency
modulation of the spin-va lve resistance,    m
which in turn leads to a high-frequency      0
component of the voltage across the
spin valve traversed by a de current.
This voltage can be directly probed with
                                              · 100 •
a high-frequency spectrum analyzer, as
was recently done by Kiselev et al.                                   .                 .
(Reference SO) and by Rippard et al.                     0            5                 10
(Reference 41). Moreover the voltage
oscillations owing to spin-torque-driven                        Ti        (ns)
magnetic precession can be directly         Figure 8. Oscillatory Voltage Generated by
measured in time domain using a             Precessional Motion of the Free Magnet in
sampling oscilloscope (Reference 51),       IrMn8nm/NiFe4nm/Cu8nm/NiFe4nm Nanopillar, in
                                            Response to a 335-mV de Voltage Step Applied to
as illustrated in Figure 8.                 the Device at B = 630 Oersteds (Reference 51)

The above examples illustrate how broadband instrumentation for measuring voltage in
GMR devices may provide important and often unique information about high-frequency
magnetic dynamics driven by spin-transfer torques. However, the detailed
understanding of STT is still the subject of debate and requires new experimental
techniques capable of probing magnetization dynamics on nanometer length scales and
sub-nanosecond time scales. In principle, this can be accomplished by the use of
synchrotron x-rays that were recently shown (Reference 52) to probe interfacial
phenomena and directly image the time-resolved response of magnetic nanostructures
to sub-nanosecond magnetic field pulses (Oersted switching) and spin-polarized current

9
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA 8FFIGIAb W&E 8,.b\S
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOft Offl@IAL W&E 8,.Llf

pulses (STT switching). Figure 9 shows scanning transmission x-ray microscopy
(Reference 53) images of in-plane components of magnetization M - Mx in panel (a)
and My in panel (b) -i n the free Cafe layer (indicated by blue ellipse) of a 100x150-nm 2
magnetic nanopillar. The images were obtained by scanning a focused (diameter~ 30
nm) circularly polarized x-ray beam across the CoFe layer, with the photon energy
tuned to the characteristic Co L3 resonance to provide magnetic contrast through the x­
ray magnetic circular dichroism effect (Reference 54 ), and by monitoring transmission
of the x-rays as a function of the position x, y with a fast avalanche detector. The M­
vector field of the free layer can be reconstructed from the measured Mx and My
components as illustrated in Figure 9c, and the ultrafast x-ray microscopy technique
provided a means to monitor this field as a function of time with ~ 100-picosond
resolution . The spatial resolution of the technique is set by the spot size of the x-ray
beam (~30 nm) and currently limits its application to spintronic devices > 100 nm in
size (Reference 52). Potentially, however, technical development of the ultrafast x-ray
microscopy may lead to an ultimate technique for STT studies that can probe the M­
vector field on the nanometer length scale with picosecond time resolution.


            (a)                              (b)                                 (c)
Figure 9. Scanning transmission x-ray microscopy images of Mx (a) and Mv (b) components of
magnetization M combine into the vector field (c), which represents the direction of Min the plane of
the CoFe free layer. (Reference 52)

3 .3 STT APPLICATIONS
The STT method to manipulate magnetic moments by an electrical current offers
unprecedented spatial and temporal control of spin distributions and attracts
considerable attention because of its potential application in a broad range of
technologies. The perspective of STT for GHz communication applications and in
magnetic recording technology is discussed.

The STT application in high-frequency technologies is based on the spin-transfer­
induced precess ion of spins . The previous section discussed how precession of
magnetization in GMR devices ca n convert a de current input into an ac voltag e output.
The frequency of this output can be tuned from a few GHz to > 100 GHz by changing
the applied magnetic field and/or the de current, effectively resulting in a current­
controlled oscillator for use in practical microwave circuits. Hence, the STT effect in

10
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIGl.t.k Wii QNk¥
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFIClal.k Wili 01\1k¥

GMR structures provides a means to engineer a nanoscale high-frequency oscillator
powered and tuned by de current. Such an oscillator could have frequency
characteristics spanning more than 100 GHz and perhaps into terahertz range.
Linewidths as narrow as 2 megahertz were demonstrated (Reference 55), lead ing to
quality factors over 18,000. Potential applications for such high -frequency sources
include integrated transceivers for wireless and wired applications, as well as wireless
and wired chip-to-chip and on-chip communications. For the latter, logic circuits with a
spin wave bus were proposed (Reference 56, 57) as an interface between electronic
circuits and integrated spintronics circuits . Here spin waves are used for information
transmission and processing, and the STT effect can provide a means for efficient spin­
wave generation on the nanoscale.

In high-speed, high-densit y magnetic recording technology, STT could replace the
Oersted field currently used for writing magnetic bits in storage media (for example,
magnetic random access memory [MRAM]), thus leading to smaller and faster magnetic
memory. Figure 10a schematically shows a bit cell of a conventional MRAM. The bit
state is programmed to a "1" or "0" by switch ing bet ween the parallel and antiparallel
states of a GMR-like storage element. The first-generation MRAM utilizes magnetic
tunnel junctions (MTJ) as storage elements because of their higher magnetoresistance
ratios and impedance-matching constraints . However in scaling MRAM to small
dimensions, the same constraints are expected to drive a transition from MTJs to fully
metallic spin-valve storage elements. The switching between "1" and "O" states
(writing) rel ies on magnetic reversal of the MTJ's free layer, achieved by passing
electrical currents down the "bit" and "write" lines, that generates a sufficiently strong
magnetic field at their intersection (that is, for a given MTJ). However, as the spatial
decay of this Oersted field is rather slow (~1/r 2), it may affect neighboring cells. This
makes scaling of MRAM to small dimensions questionable .

(a)                                                         (b)


      Source                           Drain
                           Si substrate                                         Si substrate
         Write Word Line

Figure 10. Conventional MRAM Cell (a) Versus STT MRAM Cell (b) (Reference 58)


STT MRAM (see Figure 10b) removes the constraints on scalability . Here the switching
of the free layer magnetic moment is achieved by STT switch ing when a high -density
electrical current is driven directly through the storage element (MTJ or spin valve).
This writing is thus performed at high current levels, while the read ing (measuring the
resistance of the element) is done at low currents. Since STT MRAM elim inates the need
for "write" and "bypass" lines, a more compact memory can be realized.

11
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICl.t.k Wili &NL¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&ilAk Wfi& 8Ptl1f

3.4 STT-DRIVEN MOTION OF MAGNETIC DOMAIN WALLS
Yet another manifestation of STT in metallic ferromagnets is a motion of magnetic
domain walls traversed by an electrical current. The original prediction of the effect
dates back to 1978, when Luc Berger predicted that a spin -polarized current should
apply a torque to a magnetic domain wall (Reference 59). In a series of remarkable but
only recently appreciated works, Berger set the theoretical (Reference 59-62) and
experimental (Reference 63-65) groundwork for current-induced domain wall motion
(CIDWM), which is now documented in materials ranging from magnetic
semiconductors (Reference 66) to perpendicular-anisotropy superlattices (Reference
67). But the most widely studied materials by far have been metallic ferromag nets
(Reference 10, 11, 68 -82), including Py (Nis1 Fe19), CoFe, and Co, because of their
decades-long ubiquity in magnetic storage technology.

The CIDWM effect can be qualitatively understood on the basis of the following
arguments. Consider an electrical current flowing between two magnetic domains (A
and B) with opposite magnetizations and, thus, traversing a 180-degree magnetic
domain wall. The situation is similar to that of a single N/F interface discussed in
Section 3.1. While in domain A, sp ins of conduction electrons are preferentially aligned
with the magnetic moment of A. Once into domain B, the spins reverse to align with the
moment of B. In reversing the electron spins, magnetic moments in the domain wall
experience a torque associated with the change in angular momentum that occurs from
the rotation of electrons spins. This spin-transfer torque can move the domain wall in
the direction of the electron flow .

Moving magnetic domain walls with            n.rtJ1+                         B
current was proposed as the basis for a      A
new type of magnetic memory called
"racetrack" (Reference 83 ). In contrast
to today's hard disk drives (HDD), which                                     C
rely on spinning motion of a disk to
move their magnetic regions where the                                        fa
data is stored past a read head, the
racetrack memory exploits the idea of
moving magnetically stored data
electronically. Figure 11 illustrates the                                    D
concept of the racetrack. The racetrack
is a ferromagnetic nanowire, with data                                           ]I
encoded as a pattern of magnetic
                                                                                 Raal'track
domains along the wire. Current pulses            vertJcal race1rack           storage array
can move the entire pattern along the        Figure 11. Racetrack Memory Concept. (Reference 83)
wire. The two cartoons of Figure lla
show the domain wall patterns in the racetrack befor e and after they have moved past
read and write elements. Reading is achieved by measuring the resistance of a tunnel
junction element connected to the racetrack (Figure llb); writing (Figure llc), by
applying local magnetic fields-for example, the fringing fields of a domain wall moved
in another nanowire. If U-shaped nanowires are placed normal to the plane of a chip
and arranged into high-density arrays of racetracks (Figure lld), the resulting storage
density can be higher than that in solid-state memory devices like flash RAM and


12
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFl&iilAk Wili 0Plk¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFICIAk Wili 0ralk¥

similar to conventional HDDs; but the racetrack memory would have much higher
read/write performance than HDD.


4 . Antiferromagnetic Metal Spintronics
Recently, MacDonald and coworkers (Reference 84) predicted that effects similar to
GMR and STT observed with ferromagnets ought to occur in multilayer systems where
the ferromagnetic (F) components are replaced by antiferromagnets (AFM). First, they
predicted that the resistance of an AFM spin valve- where two AFM layers are
separated by an N spacer- could depend on the relative orientations of the magnetic
moments in the two AFM layers (antiferromagnetic GMR = AGMR). Second, they
predicted that injecting a sufficiently strong current density into an AFM should affect
its magnetic state via current-induced spin torque. These new AFM effects could lead to
new all-AFM spintronics where AFMs are used in place of Fs .

Replacing F metals with AFM metals in a spintronic device has several advantages.
While AGMR of an AFM spin valve was predicted (Reference 84) to be sim ilar in
magnitude to GMR in standard F spin valves, the critical current needed to alter the
magnetic order in AFMs can be smaller than for Fs, partly because spin torques can act
through the entire AFM volume. The estimate of the necessary current density j N 10 9
A/m 2 (Reference 84) was less than the typical j "' 10 11 A/m 2 needed to reverse the
magnetic order in F/N/F multilayers (Reference 5-9, 40 -43, 48 -51). Finally, using AFM
metals in spintronic devices in place of F metals would eliminate unwanted effects of
shape anisotropy on the magnetic stability of small elements, thus potentially offering
better control of the magnetic state in nanoscale systems and easing fabrication
requirements.

Following the original predictions of MacDonald and coworkers (Reference 84), Xu et al.
(Reference 85) calculated the AGMR for a simple AFIM/N/AFM/N = FeMn/Cu/FeMn/Cu
multilayer, and Gomonay and Loktev (Reference 86) provided additional theoretical
evidence that polarized current can destabilize the equilibrium state of an AFM. Note,
however, that all calculations to date are for perfect samples and depend on quantum
coherence. It is known that disorder can reduce the predicted effects. Experiments are
thus crucial to see if any such effects are visible in real samples .

4 . 1 ANTIFERROMAGNETIC GMR
To the author's knowledge, the only experimental study searching for AGMR was
performed by Wei et al. (Reference 87). They have measured current-in-plane {CIP)
and current- perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) magnetoresistances (MR) of magnet1ic
multilayers containing two antiferromagnetic layers separated by a nonmagnetic layer.
Such an antiferromagnetic spin valve, AFM/N/AFM, was predicted (Reference 84) to
exhibit AGMR similar to GMR seen in ferromagnetic spin valves, F/N/F, containiing two
ferromagnetic layers separated by a nonmagnetic layer. Note, however, that
calculations (Reference 84) assumed ballistic transport in samples with perfect layers
and interfaces where AGMR is a consequence of quantum interference effects. Thus,
any disorder that produces diffusive scattering and weakens quantum interference will
weaken any such AGMR .


13
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFICIAk Wili 0ralk¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ / FOR OFFI&IAk W&E 8PtkY

In F/N/F tri layers, the relative orientation of the magnetizations of the two Fs is
controlled by an externally applied magnetic field B. To achieve well-defined antiparallel
and parallel states of the two Flayers, the moment of one Fis often "pinned," via
exchange coupling (exchange bias) to an adjacent AFM layer (Reference 88, 89),
leaving the moment of the other free to reverse in much smaller B. In a simple
AFM/N/AFM sample, just applying a field Bis not expected to be efficient because of the
weak effect of external fields on magnetic moments in AFMs. To achieve better control
of the AFMs, AFM/N/AFM spin valves can be sandwiched between two F layers to give
F/AFM/N/AFM/F, with the two AFM layers differently exchange-coupled to their
respective F neighbors. Applying a magnetic field to change the magnetic order of the F
layers should then also affect the order of the AFM layers. In addition to AFM/N/AFM
and F/AFM/N/AFM/F multilayers, Wei et al. (Reference 87) have studied a variety of
structures-F/AFM/N/AFM, AFM/F/N/AFM, F/AFM, and single F and AFM layers-to
isolate the MR observations of interest from potential spurious effects .

For small applied currents, neither standard current-in-plane (CIP) MR measurements
on extended multilayer films nor CPP MR measurements with point contacts showed
any MRs for samples of all types. For larger applied currents, small positive CPP MRs
(resistance is highest at saturation) were sometimes observed in samples with at least
one F layer, while no MR was seen in samples with no Fs. These observations suggest
sputtered AFM/N/AFM multilayers do not show AGMR, possibly owing to mostly diffusive
transport in such imperfect films. Smal l MRs observed at higher currents in films with F
layers may be associated with the suppression at high currents of spin accumulation
induced within and around Fs (Reference 90). Further studies on high-quality films are
still needed to verify any possible existence of AGMR in such structures.

4 .2 ANTIFERROMAGNETIC STT
Stimulated by the theoretical studies in (Reference 84-86), four experimental searches
for effects of STT on AFMs have been published so far (Reference 91-94 ), all working
with exchange-biased spin-valves (EBSVs) of the form AFM/Fl/N/F2. Here the AFM lies
outside the "active" GMR region of the two F layers and serves mainly to "pin" the
magnetization of the adjacent F2 layer to a higher reversing (switching) field than that
of the "free" Fl layer, leaving the Fl layer free to rotate at a lower field. The pinning is
produced either by heating the sample to above the blocking temperature of the AFM,
applying a magnetic field, and then cooling to room temperature with the field on or by
applying a magnetic field during sample growth. Wei et al. (Reference 91) used a point
contact to inject a high de current density j "' 10 12 A/m 2 approximately CPP into an
EBSV film. Urazhdin and Anthony (Reference 92) sent a de CPP current density j ~ 5 x
10 11 A/m 2 into electron-beam-lithography-fabricated nanopillar EBSVs. Tang et al.
(Reference 93) sent a de current-in-plane (CIP) current density ~ 10 10 A/m 2 into an
EBSV film with a metallic AFM. Dai et al. (Reference 94) sent an ac CIP current density j
"' 109 A/m 2 into an EBSV film with an insulating AFM. In all of the studies (Reference
91-94), it was found that a sufficiently high bias current can influence the magnetic
reversal of the "pinned" Fl layer. As the pinning (ex,change bias) is known to be
associated with interfacial AFM moments (Reference 88, 89), this observation can be
taken as evidence of effects of the current on the AFM predicted in (Reference 84-86),
given that other spurious effects (for example, Joule heating) can be ruled out.


14
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ ,eFOlil OFFI CI 0L: 11 &: i ODI L:¥
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ / FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtkY

The original observation of the effect was reported by Wei et al. (Reference 91), who
measured magnetoresistance of a po int contact to EBSV film at room temperature (                                          ~
295K) with negative current flowing from the contact t ip into the film. The sample
geometry is shown in Figure 12a. A point contact is used to inject a de current into a
sputtered N/Fl/N/F2/AFM/N = Cu(50 or 100nm)/CoFe(3 or 10nm)/Cu(10nm)/CoFe(3 or
l0nm)/FeMn (3 or 8nm)/Au(5nm) multilayer (or inv,erted versions thereof-that is,
Cu/FeMn/CoFe/Cu/CoFe/Au). The sample is heated to ~ 450K (above the blocking
temperature of FeMn) and then cooled in a magnetic field of 180 Oersteds to exchange­
bias the "pinned" layer F2 to a higher magnetic field than needed to reverse the "free"
layer F2. The top layer is covered by a 5-nm-thick layer of Au to protect it from
atmospheric contamination. The magnetic field H is applied in the plane of the layers
and along the direction of exchange bias . Magnetic coupling between the two F layers
should be negligible, because the N layer is thick enough (10 nm) to el iminate
exchange coupling, and the two Flayers are wide enough ( ~ mm) to minimize dipolar
coupling. The bottom N layer is Cu, made thick enough (50 or 100 nm) to approximate
an equipotential, thereby generating an approximately CPP current flow through the
Fl/N/F2/AFM EBSV.


                                                                                                                     30
                                                                                                                     0
                    J                                                                                                .30
     F1    -                                                                                                         10
     N                                                                                                               0     l
     F2    -                                                                                                         -10 -

     AFM

     N
           - ----                                            e
                                                                           ,,
                                                                              ,   ,
                                                                                      ,
                                                                                          I
                                                                                              I
                                                                                                                     20
                                                                                                                     0
                                                                       ,
                                                                                                                     ·20
                                        "° B (mTJ   20           ·60                      0                ·20   0
                                                                                                  B (mT)
Figure 12. (a) Schematic of point contact to sample geometry. Omitted is a 5-nm-thick protective Au
capping layer between the point contact and the multilayer. The bottom N layer is also much thicker
than shown to help produce a nearly CPP current. (b) R (vertical scale) versus applied magnetic field B
for a series of currents I. The solid black curves are hysteresis curves starting from large positive Band
finishing at large negative B. The grey curves start at large negative B and finish at positive B. In the
dark curves, the "free" layer, Fl, switches at ,.., -5 mT and the pinned layer, F2, switches at fields
ranging from below -40 mT (large positive I) to about - 60 mT (large negative I). (c-e ) Grey-scale plots
of R versus B for different values of I. White is maximum R (antiparallel state) and black is minimum R
(parallel state). Lines are linear fits to the data at 30 percent (dashed white), SO percent (solid white)
and 70 percent (dashed black) of maximum R. Sample (c) is the sample of (b), with the AFM layer on
the bottom (furthest from the point contact). Sample (d} Is similar to (c), except inverted, so that the
AFM layer is on top (closest to the point contact). Sam ple (e) differs from (b) only in that it has two
equally thick (8-nm) F layers. (Reference 91)

Figure 12b shows magnetoresistance curves for a series of currents I appl ied to a point
contact with resistance R = 0. 92 n. The dark curves show sweeps from positive to
negative fie ld, and the lighter curves show sweeps back down from negative to positive
field. For this contact, I = 30 mA corresponds to j         ~
                                                         2 x 10 8 A/cm 2 . For dark curves, a
large positive field + B along the pinning direction causes the moments of both the
"free" and "pi nned" F layers to point along +B, produci ng t he minimum resistance RP in
this para llel orientation of the two Fs. Reducing the magnitude of B, the "free" F2 layer
reverses at a small-magn itude negative B, giving the maximum resistance RAP in
antipara ll el configuration. Finally, a larger magnitude negative B breaks the exchange ­
bias pinning of the "pinned" Fl layer, and its moment rotates to along -B, returning the


15
                                               ,
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ ' FOA OfifilCI0Lt !P&i Alf! Y
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFl&ilAk W&& 8PtLY

sample to RP. For lighter curves of back-sweeps (Figure 12b), the measured resistance
follows these changes in reverse order.

Focusing on the dark curves, we see that the switching field of the free layer Fl is
essentially independent of the magnitude of I and shows little broadening. In contrast,
the switching field of the pinned layer F2 broadens significantly as the magnitude of I
increases, and the midpoiint of the switching also shifts with I, increasing for - I and
decreasing for + I. Similar behaviors are seen also in the lighter curves. Opposite shifts
for + I and - I indicate these shifts cannot be due to Joule heating, which should cause
shifts in the same direction for both directions of I. But Joule heating might contribute
to the broadening of the switch ing transitions. The shifts of the dark curves are
specified more clearly in Figure 12c, which shows gr,ey -scale plots of the heights of the
curves in Figure 12b, with white representing the antiparallel state of maximum
resistance, and black the parallel state of minimum resistance. Data for three
representative contacts (out of 29) on three different samples show that the behavior
of interest is not limited to a single sample or contact, and that similar results are
generally obtained for straight line fits to 30 percent (white dashed lines), SO percent
(solid white lines), and 70 percent (solid black lines) of the maximum change in R. The
sample in Figure 12d is a contact with R = 1.6 n to an inverted version of the sample in
Figures 12b and c, so that the " directions" of currents are reversed. The sample in
Figure 12e has equal thickness Fl = F2 = 3-nm layers. All three samples show the
same features-that is, electrons passing through F2 into the AFM layer enhance
pinning, and electrons passing through the AFM layer into F2 reduce it. Similar to the
case of AFM=CoFe, a negative current density N10 12 A/m 2 injected through the F=CoFe
into an AFM=IrMn/CoFe interface (Reference 95, 96) was found to increase the
exchange bias, while a positive current decreased it.

Wei et al. (Reference 91) proposed the follow ing qualitative explanation for these
asymmetric changes in switching (exchange bias) field with current. Near the switching
field, the metastability of F2's opposite to field orientation is due almost entirely to
exchange interactions witlh uncompensated moments in the surface layer of the
antiferromagnet. Some of these spins are pinned, thereby inducing an energy barrier
for ferromagnetic layer spin reversal (Reference 88, 89). Electrons flowing from F2 into
AFM induce torques on moments in the AFM matrix, altering its magnetic configuration
(Reference 84). These STT torques tend to favor parallel alignment of moments at the
F2/AFM interface and will therefore tend to increase the exchange bias field. Electrons
flowing in the opposite direction will tend to have the opposite effect. The observed
variations in exchange bias mediated by an electrical cu rrent thus can be taken as good
evidence of the STT effect in AFM. However, such transport measurements do not
distinguish between effects of the current on the bulk AFM and those on interfacial AFM
moments, and more elaborate techniques are needed to obtain a detailed
understanding of the phenomenon.

5. Summary and Conclusions
The semiconductor industry has distinguished itself by a long-term trend known as
Moore's law (Reference 97) that foresees an exponential increase in transistor density
on a chip, doubling approximately every 2 years. Continuing at this pace, the transistor
density will reach ~ 10 13 cm·2 by 2035, which at clock speeds of ~10 GHz wou Id result
in ~40 MW/cm 2 of power dissipated on a chip . Unless the energy dissipation from
16
                 UNCLASSIFIED//FOA OFFICIOL Wili 0NL¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtkY

transistor switching can be reduced dramatically, the thermal load associated with 40
MW/cm 2 will exceed that in a rocket nozzle. The failure of thermal management on a
chip might end the continued progress of the semiconductor industry well before 2035.
The International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (http://www. itrs.net) has
termed this imminent collapse the "Red Brick Wall," where "Red" indicates no "known
manufacturable solutions" (of reasonable confidence) exist for continued scaling in
some aspect of the semiconductor technology.

The scenario above motivates the search for signal-processing devices that dissipate
very little energy when they switch . The emerging spintronic technology might offer
such devices where information is carried by spin-in contrast to CMOS transistors,
where it is carried by charge-since spin has an inherent advantage over charge when it
comes to energy dissipation. Therefore, if a reliable way can be found to control and
manipulate spins, spintronic devices could offer higher data processing speeds, lower
electricity consumption, and many other advantages over conventional chips, perhaps
including the ability to carry out radically new quantum computations .

A spintronic device calls for efficient methods to generate, conduct, process, and detect
spin-encoded signals . We have reviewed the physics and emerg ing applications of two
principal spintronic phenomena-giant magnetoresistance and spin-transfer-torque­
that provide means to detect (GMR) and manipulate (STT) the spin signals. GMR has
already spawned major technological change in the information storage industry with
the usage of GMR sensors and read heads and, along with tunneling magnetoresistance
(TMR), is expected to continue to dominate the detection of spin-encoded signals. STT
is a more recent development in spintronics that provides an efficient means of
controlling and manipulating spin distributions on the nanometer length scale and the
picosecond-time scale, thus positioning STT as the method of choice for fast processing
of spin signals in nanodevices.

What is the future of spintronic applications? A number of new spintronic devices based
on GMR and STT have been proposed. These include high -frequency (GHz) oscillators,
sources, and detectors, as well as magnetic field sensors-for example, in nonvolatile
memories such as racetrack and STT magnetic random access memory (STT-MRAM) .
However, much fundamental work remains to be done before we see commercial
applications of these devices. For the memory industry, development of these spintronlc
applications may lead to a universal memory that would combine cost benefits of
DRAM, speed of SRAM, and nonvolatility of flash RAM. Potentially all logic operations on
a chip could be carried out by manipulating spins in metallic systems instead of
manipulating charges in semiconductor transistors, as in conventional microchips.
Moreover, such operations could be combined on a chip with a universal memory. This
would result in a new scalable and radiation-resistarnt electronics, computers, and so
forth . The radiation resistance would be of particular interest for aerospace applications
because the radiation in space is known to severely damage conventional electronics by
building up a destructive charge in transistors. Long space trips that would expose
onboard electronics to years of radiation would benefit from the radiation resistance
and reduced power consumption (for example, like a nonvolatile memory that can
retain the stored information even when not powered) of metallic spintronic devices.
More generally, the impact of reduced power consumption in electronic devices is hard
to overestimate, as we rely on such devices in almost every aspect of our everyday
lives.

17
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ I FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtklf
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOlt Offl@IAL ~SE 8,.L1f


Finally, metallic spintronics and its applications discussed in this report are all based on
already well-established physical phenomena such as GMR and STT. As the spintronics
field is still in a relative state of infancy, new and more exciting phenomena are likely to
be uncovered in the future.

6 . References
(1) Baibich, M. N., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 61, 2472 (1988).

(2) Binasch, G., et al., Phys. Rev. B 39, 4828 (1989).

(3) Slonczewski, J. C., J. Magn. Magn. Mater. 159, L1 (1996).

(4) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 81, 4880 (1997).

(5) Tsoi, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 80, 4281 (1998).

(6) Myers, E. B., et al., Science 285, 867 (1999).

(7) Sun, J. Z., J. Magn. Magn. Mater. 202, 157 (1999).

(8) Wegrowe, J.-E., et al., Europhys. Lett. 45, 626 (1999).

(9) Tsoi, M., et al., Nature 406, 46 (2000).

(10) Beach, G. S. D., et al ., Phys. Rev. Lett. 97, 057203 (2006).

(11) Beach, G. S. D., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 102, 067201 (2009).

(12) Fert, A., Bruno, P., in Ultrathin Magnetic structures II: An Introduction to the
Electronic, Magnetic and Structural Properties, ed. by J.A.C. Bland and B. Heinrich
(Berlin: Springer, 1994), p.82.

(13) Levy, P. M., in Solid State Physics, ed. by H. Ehrenreich and D. Turnbull, vol. 47
(Boston, London: Acad. Press, 1994), p.367.

(14) Dieny, B., J. Magn. Mag. Mat. 136, 335 (1994).

(15) Gijs, M. A.M., Bauer, G. E. W., Adv. Phys. 46, 285 (1997).

(16) Ansermet, J. -Ph., J. Phys.: Cond. Mat. 10, 6027 (1998).

(17) Bass, J., Pratt, W. P., Jr., J. Magn. Magn. Mat. 200, 274 (1999).

(18) Fert, A., Piraux, L., J. Magn. Magn. Mat. 200, 338 (1999).

(19) Gijs, M. A.M., in Magnetic Multilayers and Giant Magnetoresistance: Fundamentals
and Industrial Applications, ed. by U. Hartmann (Berlin: Springer, 2000), p.130.


18
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ }FOR OFFICiI.ALi !9&i ODIL;¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'POI\ orrl@IAL l:t!E 8,.L?(

(20) Coehoorn, P., in Magnetic Multilayers and Giant Magnetoresistance: Fundamentals
and Industrial Applications, ed. by U. Hartmann (Ber lin: Springer, 2000), p.65.

(21) Barthelemy, A., Fert, A., and Petroff, F., in Handbook of Magnetic Materials, edited
by K. H.J. Buschow (Amsterdam: Elsevier, 1999), p.1.

(22) Tsymbal, E.Y., Pettifor, D.G., in Solid State Physics, ed. by H. Ehrenreich .and F.
Spaepen, Vol. 56 (Academic Press, 2001) pp.113-237.

(23) Ashcroft, W., Mermin, D., Solid State Physics (Saunders College Publishing, Forth
Worth, 1976).

(24) Ciureanu, P., in Thin Film Resistance Sensors, ed. by P. Ciureanu, S. Middelhoek
(Institute of Physics Publishing, Bristol, 1992), p. 2S3.

(25) Electrocrystallization, ed. by R. Weil, R. G. Barradas (The Electrochemical Society,
Pennington, 1981).

(26) Lashmore, D. S., Dariel, M. P., J. Electrochem. Soc. 135, 1218 (1988).

(27) Ohring, M., The Materials Science of Thin Films (Academic, Boston, 1992).

(28) Slaughter, J.M., Pratt, W. P., Jr., and Schroeder, P.A., Rev. Sci. Instrum. 60, 127
(1989).

(29) Parkin, S. S. P., More, N., and Roche, K. P., Phys. Rev. Lett. 64, 2304 (1990).

(30) Parkin, S.S. P., Bhadra, R., and Roche, K. P., Phys. Rev. Lett. 66, 2152 (1991).

(31) Fert, A., Campbell, I. A., J. de Physique 32, Cl -46 (1971).

(32) Mott, N. F., Proc. Roy. Soc. London, Ser. A 153, 699 (1936), and 156, 368 (1936),
and Adv. Phys. 13, 325 (1964).

(33) Pratt, W. P., Jr., et aL, Phys. Rev. Lett. 66, 3060 (1991).

(34) Dieny, B., et al. J. Appl. Phys. 69, 4774 (1991).

(35) Piraux, L., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 65, 2484 (1994).

(36) Blondel, A., Meier, J. P., Doudin, B., Ansermet, J. -Ph., Appl. Phys. Lett. 65, 3019
(1994).

(37) Tsoi, M., Jansen, A. G. M., Bass, J., J. Appl. Phys. 81, 5530 (1997).

(38) Smith, C., Proc. UK Conf. for Sensors, Test and Measurement Technology,
Birmingham, England, Jan . 22-23, 1997.

(39) Daughton, J. M., et al., IEEE Trans. Magn. 30, 4608 (1994).


19
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ ,CFOA QFFIGIAk W&& 0PtLY
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtkY

(40) Ji, Y., Chien, C. L., St iles, M. D., Phys. Rev. Lett. 90, 106601 (2003).

(41) Rippard, W. H., Pufall, M. R., Kaka, S., Russek, S. E., Silva, T. J., Phys . Rev. Lett.
92, 27201 (2004 ).

(42) Katine, J. A., Albert, F. J., Buhrman, R. A., Myers, E. B., Ralph, D. C., Phys. Rev.
Lett. 84, 3149 (2000).

(43) Grollier, J., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 78, 3663 (2001).

(44) Liu, Y., Zhang,   z., Wang, J., Freitas, P. P., Martins, J. L., J. Appl. Phys. 93, 8385
(2003)

(45) Mariya, R., Hamaya, K., Oiwa, A., Munekata, H., Jpn . J. Appl. Phys. Part 2 - Lett.
Express Lett. 43, L825 (2004) .

(46) Dieny, B., et al., Phys .Rev.B 43, 1297 (1991).

(47) Waintal, X., Myers, E. B., Brouwer, P. W., Ralph, D. C., Phys. Rev. B 62, 12317-
12327 (2000)

(48) Braganca, P.M., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 87, 112507 (2005).

(49) Rippard, W. H., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 067203 (2005).

(50) Kiselev, S. I., et al ., Nature 425, 380 (2003) .

(51) Krivorotov, I. N., et al., Science 307, 228- 231 (2005).

(52) Acremann, Y., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 217202 (2006).

(53) Kilcoyne, A. L. D., et al. , J. Synchrotron Radiat. 10, 125 (2003) .

(54) Stohr, J., et al., Science 259, 658 (1993).

(55) Rippard, W. H., Pufall, M. R., Kaka, S., Silva, T. J., Russek, S. E., Phys . Rev . B 70,
100406 (2004).

(56) Khitun, A., Nikonov, D. E., Bao, M., Galatsis, K., Wang, K. L., Nanotechnology 18,
465202 (2007) .

(57) Schneider, T., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 92, 022505 (2008).

(58) Driskill -Smith, A. A. G., Huai, Y., Future Fab Intl . 23, 28 (2007) .

(59) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 49, 2156 (1978).

(60) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 55, 1954 (1984).

(61) Berger, L., Phys. Rev. B 33, 1572 (1986).

20
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /iiOR OiiiilCIOL W&i ONL¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOft Offl@IAL ~SE 8P.L?f


(62) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 63, 1663 (1988).

(63) Freitas, P. P., Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 57, 1266 (1985).

(64) Hung, C.-Y., Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 63, 4276 (1988).

(65) Hung, C.-Y., Berger, L., Shih, C.Y., J. Appl. Phys. 67, 5941 ( 1990).

(66) Yamanouchi, M., Chiba, D., Matsukura, F., Ohno, H., Nature 428, 539 (2004).

(67) Ravelosona, D., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 117203 (2005).

(68) Tsol, M., Fontana, R. E., Parkin, S. S. P., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 2617 (2003) .

(69) Grollier, J., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 509 (2003).

(70) Beach, G. S. D., Nistor, C., Knutson, C., Tsoi, M., Erskine, J. L., Nat. Mater. 4, 741
(2005).

(71) Beach, G. S. D., Knutson, C., Tsoi, M., Erskine, J. L., J. Magn. Magn . Mater. 310,
2038 (2007).

(72) Hayashi, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 207205 (2006).

(73) Hayashi, M., et al., Nat. Phys. 3, 21 (2007).

(74) Klaui, M., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 105 (2003).

(75) Kimura, T., Otani, Y., Yagi, I., Tsukagoshi, K., Aoyagi, Y., J. Appl. Phys. 94, 7226
(2003).

(76) Vernier, N., Allwood, D. A., Atkinson, D., Cooke, M. D., Cowburn, R. P., Europhys.
Lett. 65, 526 (2004).

(77) Laufenberg, M., et al., Phys . Rev. Lett. 97, 046602 (2006).

(78) Thomas, L., et al., Nature 443, 197 (2006).

(79) Yamaguchi, A., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 92, 077205 (2004).

(80) Yamaguchi, A., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 179904 (2006).

(81) Klaui, M., et al., Phys . Rev . Lett. 95, 026601 (2005).

(82) Meier, G., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 98, 187202 (2007).

(83) Parkin, S. S. P., Hayashi, M., Thomas, L., Science 320, 190 (2008).

(84) Nunez, A. S., et al., !Phys. Rev. B 73, 214426 (2006).

21
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /iiOA OFFIGIAb W&E 8HL\S
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIElIAk WSE OPtkY


(85) Xu, Y., Wang, S., Xia, K., Phys. Rev. Lett. 100, 226602 (2008).

(86) Gomonay, H., Loktev, V., Low Temp. Phys. 34, 198 (2008).

(87) Wei, Z., Sharma, A., Bass, J., Tsoi, M., J. Appl. Phys. 105, 07D113 (2009).

(88) Meiklejohn, W. H., Bean, C. P., Phys. Rev. 102, 1413 (1956).

(89) Stohr, J., Siegmann, H. C., Magnetism: from fundamentals to nanoscale dynamics
(Springer Series in Solid-State Sciences, Vol. 152, Springer, 2006).

(90) Urazhdin, S., Chien, C. L., Guslienko, K. Y., Novozhilova, L., Phys. Rev. B 73,
054416 (2006).

(91) Wei, Z., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 98, 116603 (2007).

(92) Urazhdin, S., Anthony, N., Phys. Rev. Lett. 99, 046602 (2007).

(93) Tang, x.-L., Zhang, H.-w., Su, H., Zhong, z.-Y., Jing, Y.-L., Appl. Phys. Lett. 91,
122504 (2007).

(94) Dai, N. V., et al., Phys. Rev. B 77, 132406 (2008).

(95) Basset, J., Sharma, A., Wei, Z., Bass, J., Tsoi, IM., Proc. SPIE 7036, 703605
(2008).

(96) Wei, Z., Basset, J., Sharma, A., Bass, J., Tsoi, IM., J. Appl. Phys. 105, 07D108
(2009).

(97) Moore, G. E., Electronics Magazine (McGraw Hill, New York, 1965).


22
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR AfiFIClt... Wili QNLY
