{"created_utc": "2026-10-01T05:04:56Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 57134045, "source_ctime_ns": 1790793773419381441, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/130655-dow-uap-d127-aawsap-dird-an-introduction-to-the-statistical-drake-equation-march-11-2010-pdf.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790793772060765943, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/130655-dow-uap-d127-aawsap-dird-an-introduction-to-the-statistical-drake-equation-march-11-2010-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "82e20719abce348ceccaac0d313e2fd314d09582e7f1fdb4638b3997190ee0d9"}

UNCLASSIFIED/ /POil OFFl@IAI:: WSli 0Nk¥


                         Defense
                         Intelligence
                         Reference
                         Document
                         Acquisition Threat Support
11 March 20 10

!COD : 1 December 2009


                         An Introduction to the
                         Statistical Drake Equation


                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OFFICIO L: 1PiF ON! Y
                   UNCLASSIFIED//P81t 8FFIEIAL Y&E &ttbl/


An Introduction to the Statistical Drake Equation


Prepared by:

Acquisition Support Division (DW0-3)
Defense Warning Office
Directorate for Analysis
Defense Intelligence Agency

Author:


AAP Person 80

Administrative Note

COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized .


This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, Defense Warning Office's Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
this document should be addressed t o !AAP Person 1              ~ AAWSA Prog ram
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: CLAR/DWO-3, Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.


ii
                   UNCLASSIFIED//F8R 8FFl61tlib Wlilli Qtlb¥
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ /POil OFFl@IAL WSli 0Nk¥


Contents
1. Introduction .......................................................................................................iv

2. The Key Question: How Far are They ? .............................................................. 4

3. Computing N By Virtue of the Drake Equation (1961) ........................................ 7

4. The Drake Equation is Over-Simplified ............................................................. 10

5. The Statistical Drake Equation ......................................................................... 11

6. Solving the Statistical Drake Equation By Virtue of the Central Limit Theorem
      (CLT) of Statistics .......................................................... ,.................................... 13

7. An Example Explaining the Statistical Drake Equation ..................................... 15

8. Finding the Probability Distribution of the Et-Distance By Virtue of the Statistical
      Drake Equation ................................................................................................. 18

9. The "Data Enrichment Principle" as the Best CLT Consequence Upon the
      Statistical Drake Equation (Any Number of Factors Allowed) ........................... 23

10. Conclusions .................................................................................................... 23

Appendix A: Proof of Shannon's 1948 Theorem Stating That the Uniform
                     Distribution is the "Most Uncertain" One Over a Finite Range of
                     Values ............................................................................................. 25

Appendix B: Original Text of the Author's Paper #IAC-08-A4.1.4 Entitled the
                     Statistical Drake Equation ............................................................... 28

References ........................................................................................................... 55


iii
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ fEOR OFFICIO! 11SF ON! X
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /POil OFFl@IAI:: WSli 0Nk¥


An Introduction to the Statistical Drake Equation
1. Introduction
SETI (an acronym for "Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence") is a relatively
new branch of scientific research, having begun only in 1959. Its goal is to
ascertain whether alien civilizations exist in the universe, how far from us
they exist, and possibly how much more advanced than us they may be.

As of 2009, the only physical tools we know that could help us get in touch
with aliens are the electromagnetic waves an alien civilization could emit and
we could detect. This forces us to use the largest radiotelescopes on Earth for
SETI research, because the higher our collecting area of electromagnetic
radiation is, the higher our sensitivity is (that is, the farther in space we can
probe). Yet, even by using the largest radiotelescopes on Earth (the 310-meter
dish at Arecibo, for instance), we cannot search for aliens beyond, say, a few
hundred light years away. This is a very, very small amount of space around us
within our galaxy, the Milky Way, that is about 100,000 light years in diameter.
Thus, current SETI can cover only a very tiny fraction of the galaxy, and it is
not surprising that in the past 50 years of SETI searches, NO extraterrestrial
civilization was discovered. Quite simply, we did not get far enough!

This demands the construction of much more powerful and radically new
radiotelescopes. Rather than big and heavy metal dishes, whose mechanical
problems hamper SETI research too much, we are now turning to "software
radiotelescopes," where a large number of small dishes (ATA = Allen
Telescope Array, and ALMA= Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array)
or even just of simple dipoles (LOFAR = Low Frequency Array) using state-of­
the- art electronics and very- high-speed computing can outperform the
classical radiotelescopes in many regards. The final dream in this field is the
SKA ( = Square Kilometer Array), currently being designed and expected to be
completed around 2020.

2. The Key Question: How Far are They?
But still, the key question remains: how far are they?

Or, more correctly, how far do we expect the NEAREST extraterrestrial civilization to be
from t he Solar System in the galaxy?

This question was first faced in a scientific manner back in 1961 by the same scientist
who also was t he first experimental SETI rad io astronomer ever: t he American, Fra nk
Donald Drake (born 1930). He first considered the shape and size of the galaxy where
we are living: the Milky Way. This is a spiral ga laxy measuring some 100,000 light
years in diameter and some 16,000 light years in thickness of the Ga lactic Disk at half­
way from its center. That is:

The diameter of the galaxy is (about) 100,000 light years, (abbreviated ly) i.e., its
radius, R Gala.1y , is about 50,000 ly.


iv
                 UNCLA SSI FIED/ /FOR OFFI&IJ.k Wili Ql'II.¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

The thickness of the Galactic Disk at half-way from its center, h a " 1t'-'Y ' is about 16,000 ly.

The volume of the galaxy may then be approximated as the volume of the
corresponding cylinder, i.e.

                                                                                                 (1)

Now consider the sphere around us having a radius r. The volume of such a sphere is

                                                       4 ( Ef Distance ) 3                      (2)
                                  V o ur _ Sphere =
                                                       3n          -    2


In the last equation, we had to divide the distance "ET_Distance" between ourselves
and the nearest ET civilization by 2 because we are now going to make the
unwarranted assumption that all ET civilizations are equally spaced from each
other in the galaxy! This is a crazy assumption, clearly, and should be replaced by
more scientifically-grounded assumptions as soon as we know more about our Galactic
Neighborhood. At the moment, however, this is the best guess that we can make, and
so we shall take it for granted, although we are aware that this is a weak point in the
reasoning.

Furthermore, let us denote by N the total number of civilizations now living in the
galaxy, including ourselves. Of course, this number N is unknown. We only know that
N ~ 1 since one civilization does at least exist!

Having thus assumed that ET civilizations are UNIFORMLY SPACED IN THE GALAXY, we
can then write down the proportion:

                                          V a a/a.,y      V o ,, r _ Spher e
                                          -- = -~-                                              (3)
                                              N

That is, upon replacing both (1) and (2) into (3):

                                                                                      3
                                         2               -4 i'l" ( _Ef- _
                                                                        Dis __
                                                                            lance )
                                    i'l" R Ga /axy h =   3                  2
                                                                                                (4)
                                          N                             1


The last equation contains two unknowns: N and ET_Distance, and so we don't know
which one it is better to solve for.

However, we may suppose that, by resorting to the (rather uncertain) knowledge that
we have about the Evolution of the galaxy through the last 10 billion years or so, we
might somehow compute an approximate value for N.

Then, we may solve (4) for ET_ Distance thus obtaining the (AVERAGE) DISTANCE
BETWEEN ANY PAIR OF NEIGHBORING CIVILIZATIONS IN THE GALAXY (DISTANCE
LAW)


5
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ ;'FQA QFFICiIPL. !Iii 011! Y
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                       3 6 R2      h     C
                                Ef_ ff,stance (N) =        VN
                                                            Ca!a,y                         (5)
                                                                        VN
where the posit ive constant C is defined by

                              C = V6 R ~ala.,y h ca /axy ,., 28845 light years .           (6)

Equations (5) and (6) are the starting point to understand t he orig in of the Drake
equation that we discuss in detail in Section 3 of th is paper.

Let us just complete this section by pointing out three different numerical cases of the
distance law (5):

•   We know that we exist, so N may not be smaller tha n 1, i.e., N ~ 1. Suppose then
    that we are alone in the galaxy, i.e., that N=l. Then the distance law (5) yields as
    distance to the nearest civilization from us just the constant C, i.e., 28,845 light
    years. Th is is about the distance in between ourselves and the center of the galaxy
    (i. e. the Galactic Bulge) . Thus, this result seems to suggest that, if we do not find
    any extraterrestrial civilization around us in these outskirts of the galaxy where we
    live, we should look around the Galactic Center first. And this is indeed what is
    happening, i.e., many SETI searches are actually point ing the antennas towards the
    Galactic Center, looking for beacons (see, for instance ref. [1]).

•   Suppose next that N=l000, i.e. there are about a thousand extraterrestrial
    communicating civilizations in the whole galaxy right now. Then the distance law (5)
    yields an average distance of 2,885 light yea rs. This is a distance that most
    radiotelescopes in Earth may not reach for SETI searches right now: hence the need
    to build larger radiotelescopes, like ALMA, LOFAR and the SKA.

•   Suppose finally that N=l00000O, i.e., there are a million communicating civilizations
    now in the galaxy. Then the dist ance law (5) yields an average dista nce of 288 light
    years. Th is is with in the (upper) range of distances that our current rad iotelescopes
    may reach for SETI searches, and that justifies all SETI searches that have been
    done so far in t he first fifty years of SETI (1960-2010).

In conclusion, interpolating the above three special cases of N, we may say that the
distance law (5) yields t he following key diagram of the average ET distance vs. the
assumed number of communicating civilizations, N, in the galaxy right now (Figure 1):


6
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ J'FOA. OFlilCI0 I. P!SE ON! X
                              UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPU,¥


                      Av era ge DIST A CE o f the nea res t ET c iviliza tion vs . th e ASSUM ED NUMBffi of ET c ivilizations in th e Gah
            200
    Cl)
    0:::
    <(
    UJ
    >­      175
    !­
    :I:
    0
    :i      150
    .!::
     !'.l
    g
            125
     ~
     !'l
     =
            100
                      l


            750
                       \
            500


            250
                           ' "--             ~


              0
                  0          I 00000      200000     300000    400000     500000     600000     700000     800000    900000    I000000
                                       ASS MED NUMB ER of civiliz ations in the Galaxy (that is, Nin the Drake equation)

Figure 1. DISTANCE LAW; i.e., the Average Distance (plot along the ver-1:ical axis in light years) Versus
the NUMBER of Communicating Civilizations ASSUMED to Exist in the Galaxy Right Now


3. Computing N By Virtue of the Drake Equation (1961)
In the previous section, the problem of finding how close the nearest ET civilization may
be was "solved" by reducing it to the computation of N, the total number of
extraterrestrial civilizations now existing in this galaxy. In this section the famous
Drake equation is described, that was proposed back in 1961 by Frank Dona ld Drake
(born 1930) to estimate the numerical value of N. We believe that no better
introductory description of the Drake equations exists other than the one given by Carl
Sagan in his 1983 book "Cosmos" (ref. [2]), in its turn based on the famous TV series
"Cosmos." So, in this paragraph we report Carl Sagan's description of the Drake
equation unabridged.

"But is there anyone out there to talk to? With a third or a half a trillion stars in our
Milky Way galaxy alone, could ours be the only one accompanied by an inhabited
planet? How much more likely it is that technical civilizations are a cosm ic
commonplace, that the galaxy is pulsing and humming with advanced societies, and,
therefore, that the nearest such culture is not so very far away - perhaps transmitting
from antennas established on a planet of a naked-eye star just next door. Perhaps
when we look up at the sky at nig ht, near one of those faint pinpoints of light is a world
on which someone quite different from us is then glancing id ly at a star we call the Sun
and entertaining, for just a moment, an outrageous speculation.


7
                              UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPllsV
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

It is very hard to be sure. There may be several impediments to the evolution of a
technical civilization. Planets may be rarer than we think. Perhaps the origin of life is
not so easy as our laboratory experiments suggest. Perhaps the evolution of advanced
life forms is improbable. Or it may be that complex life forms evolve more readily, but
intelligence and technical societies require an unlikely set of coincidences - just as the
evolution of the human species depended on the demise of the dinosaurs and the ice­
age recession of the forests in whose trees our ancestors screeched and dimly
wondered. Or perhaps civilizations arise repeatedly, inexorably, on innumerable planets
in the Milky Way, but are generally unstable; so all but a tiny fraction are unable to
survive their technology and succumb to greed and ignorance, pollution and nuclear
war.

It is possible to explore this great issue further and make a crude estimate of N, the
number of advanced civilizations in the galaxy. We define an advanced civilization as
one capable of radio astronomy. Th is is, of course, a parochial if essential definition.
There may be countless worlds on wh ich the inhabitants are accomplished linguists or
superb poets but indifferent radio astronomers. We will not hear from them. N can be
written as the product or multiplication of a number of factors, each a kind of filter,
every one of which must be sizable for there to be a large number of civilizations:

•   Ns, the number of stars in the Milky Way galaxy.

•   fp, the fraction of stars that have planetary systems.

• ne, the number of planets in a given system that are ecologically suitable for life.
•   fl, the fraction of otherwise suitable planets on which life actually arises.

•   fi, the fraction of inhabited planets on which an intelligent form of life evolves.

•   fc, the fraction of planets inhabited by intelligent beings on which a communicative
    techn ical civilization develops .

•   fl, the fraction of planetary lifetime graced by a technical civilization.

Written out, the equation reads

                                   N = Ns • jjJ • ne • fl ·ft · Jc· fL                          (7)


All of the f's are fractions, having values between O and 1; they will pare down the
large value of Ns.

To derive N we must estimate each of these quantities. We know a fa ir amount about
the early factors in the equation, the number of stars and planetary systems. We know
very little about the later factors, concerning the evolution of intelligence or the lifetime
of technical societies. In these cases our estimates will be little better than guesses. I
invite you, if you disagree with my estimates below, make your own choices and see
what implications your alternative suggestions have for the number of advanced
civilizations in the galaxy. One of the great virtues of this equation, due to Frank Drake
of Cornell, is that it involves subjects ranging from stellar and planetary astronomy to
organic chemistry, evolutionary biology, history, politics and abnormal psychology.
Much of the Cosmos is in the span of the Drake equation.

8
                  UNCLASSIFIED//FQA QFFICiIPL. !Iii 011! Y
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

We know Ns, the number of stars in the Milky Way galaxy, fairly well, by careful counts
of stars in a small but representative region of the sky. It is a few hundred billion; some
recent estimates place it at 4 x 10 11 . Very few of these stars are of the massive short­
lived variety that squander their reserves of thermonuclear fuel. The great majority
have lifetimes of billions or more years in which they are shining stably, providing a
suitable energy source for the energy and evolution of life on nearby planets.

There is evidence that planets are a frequent accompaniment of star formation: in the
satellite systems of Jupiter, Saturn and Uranus, which are like miniature solar systems;
in theories of the origin of the planets; in studies of double stars; in observations of
accretion disks around stars; and is some preliminary investigations of gravitational
perturbations of nearby stars. 1 Many, perhaps even most, stars may have planets. We
take the fraction of stars that have planets, fp, as roughly equa l to 1/3. Then the total
number of planetary systems in the galaxy would be Ns fp                    ~
                                                                 1.3 x 10 11 (the symbol                     ~
means "approximately equal to"). If each system were to have about ten planets, as
ours does, the tota l number of worlds in the galaxy would be more than a trillion, a vast
arena for the cosmic drama.

In our own solar system there are several bodies t hat may be suitab le for life of some
sort: the Earth certainly, and perhaps Mars, Titan and Jupiter. Once life originates, it
tends to be very adaptable and tenacious. There must be many different environments
suitable for life in a given planetary system. But conservatively we choose ne=2. Then
the number of planets in the galaxy su itable for life becomes Ns fp ne 3 x 10 11 .        ~
Experiments show that under the most common cosmic conditions the molecular basis
of life is read ily made, the building blocks of molecules able to make copies of
themselves. We are now on less certain grounds; there may, for example, be
impediments in the evolution of the genetic code, although I think this is unlikely over
billions of years of primeval chemistry . We choose fl~ 1/3, implying a total number of
planets in the Milky Way on which life has arisen at least once as Ns fp ne fl~ 1 x 10 11 ,
a hundred billion inhabited worlds . That in itself is a remarkable conclusion. But we are
not yet fin ished.

The choices of fi and fc are more difficult. On the one hand, many individually unlikely
steps had to occur in biologica l evolution and human history for our present intelligence
and technology to develop. On the other hand, there must be quite different pathways
to an advanced civilization of specified capab ilities. Considering the apparent difficulty
in the evolution of large organisms, represented by the Cambrian explosion, let us
choose fix fc = 1/100, meaning that only 1 per cent of planets on wh ich life arises
actually produce a technical civilization. This estimate represents some middle ground
among the varying scientific options. Some think that the equivalent of the step from
the emergence of trilobites to the domestication of fire goes like a shot in all planetary
systems; others th ink t hat, even given ten or fifteen billion years, the evolution of a
technical civi lization is unlikely. This is not a subject on wh ich we can do much
experimentation as long as our investigations are limited to a single planet. Multiplying

1 Carl Sagan was writ ings these lines back in the 1970's, when no extrasolar planets had been discovered yet. The

first such discovery occurred in 1995, wh en Michel Mayor and Didier Queloz, working at the "Observatoire de Haute
Provence" in France, discovered the first extrasolar planet orbiting the nearby star 51 Peg. This first extrasolar
planet was hence named 51 Peg B. Many more extrasolar planets were discovered around nearby stars ever since .
As of Apri l 2009, 347 extrasolar planets (exoplanets) are listed in the Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaed ia.


9
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /POil Offl@IAL W&i 9Nls¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPU,¥


these factors together, we find Ns fp ne fl fi fc ~ 1 x 109 , a billion planets on which
technical civilizations have arisen at least once. But that is very different from saying
that there are a billion planets on which technical civilizations now exist. For this we
must also estimate fl.

What percentage of the lifetime of a planet is marked by a technical civil ization? The
Earth has harbored a technical civilization characterized by radio astronomy for only a
few decades out of a lifetime of a few billion years. So far, then, for our planet fl is less
than 1/108 , a millionth of a percent. And it is hardly out of the question that we might
destroy ourselves tomorrow. Suppose this were a typical case, and the destruction so
complete that no other technical civilization - of the human or any other species - were
able to emerge in the five or so billion years remaining before the Sun dies. Then Ns fp
            ~
ne fl fi fc fl  10, and, at a given time there would be only a tiny smattering, a handful,
a pitiful few technical civilizations in the galaxy, the steady state number maintained as
emerging societies replace those recently self-immolated. The number N might be even
as small as 1 if civilizations tend to destroy themselves soon after reaching a
technological phase; there might be no one for us to talk with but ourselves. And that
we do but poorly. Civilizations would take billions of years of tortuous evolution, and
then snuff themselves out in an instant of unforgivable neglect.

But consider the alternative, the prospect that at least some civilizations learn to live
with technology; that the contradictions posed by the vagaries of past brain evolution
are consciously resolved and do not lead to self destruction; or that, even if major
disturbances occur, they are reveres in the subsequent billions of years of biological
evolution. Such societies might live to a prosperous old age, their lifetimes measured
perhaps on geological or stellar evolutionary time scales. If 1 percent of civilizations can
survive technological adolescence, take the proper fork at this critical historical branch
point and achieve maturity, then fl ~ 1/100, N ~ 107 , and the number of extant
civilizations in t he galaxy is in the millions. Thus, for all our concern about t he possible
unrel iabi lity of our estimates of the early factors in the Drake equation, which involve
astronomy, organic chemistry and evolutionary biology, the principal uncertainty comes
to economics and politics and what, on Earth, we call human nature. It seems fairly
clear that if self-destruction is not the overwhelmingly preponderant fate of galactic
civilizations, then the sky is softly humming with messages from the stars.

These estimates are stirring . They suggest that the receipt of a message from space is,
even before we decode it, a profoundly hopeful sign. It means that someone has
learned to live with high technology; that it is possible to survive technological
adolescence. This alone, quite apart from the contents of the message, provides a
powerful justification for the search for other civilizations.

4. The Drake Equation is Over-Simplified
In the nearly fifty years (1961-2009) elapsed since Frank Drake proposed his equation,
a number of scientists and writers tried to find out which numerical values of its seven
independent variables are more real istic in agreement with our present-day knowledge.
Thus there is a considerable amount of literature about the Drake equation nowadays,
and, as one can easily imagine, the results obtained by the various authors largely
differ from one another. In other words, the value of N, that various authors obtained
by different assumptions about the astronomy, the biology and the sociology implied by
the Drake equation, may range from a few tens (in the pessimist's view) to some

10
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPII.¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W~i Q~lls¥

million or even billions in the optimist's opinion. A lot of uncertainty is thus affecting our
knowledge of N as of 2010. In all cases, however, the final result about N has always
been a sheer number, i.e., a positive integer number ranging from 1 to millions or
billions. This is precisely the aspect of the Drake equation that th is author regarded as
" too simpl istic" and improved mathematically in his paper #IAC-08-A4.1.4, entitled
"The Statistical Drake Equation" and presented on October 1st , 2008, at the 59 th
International Astronautical Congress (IAC) held in Glasgow, Scotland, UK, September
29 th thru October 3rd , 2008. That paper is attached herewith as Appendix B. Newcomers
to SETI and to the Drake equation, however, may find that paper too difficult to be
understood mathematically at a first reading. Thus, I shall now expla in the content of
that paper "by speaking easily." I thank the reader for his or her attention .

5. The Statistical Drake Equation
We start by an examp le.

Consider the first independent variable in the Drake equation (7), i. e., Ns, the number
of stars in the Milky Way galaxy. Astronomers tell us that approximately there should
be about 350 millions stars in the galaxy. Of course, nobody has counted (or even seen
in the photographic plates) all the stars in the galaxy! There are too many practical
difficulties preventing us from doing so: just to name one, the dust clouds that don't
allow us to see even the Galactic Bulge (i.e. the central region of the galaxy) in the
visible light (although we may "see it" at radio frequencies like the famous neutral
hydrogen line at 1420 MHz). So, it doesn't make any sense to say that Ns = 350 x 106 ,
or, say (even worse) that the number of stars in the galaxy is (say) 354,233,321, or
similar fanciful exact integer numbers. That is just silly and non-scientific. Much more
scientific, on the contrary, is to say that the number of stars in the galaxy is 350 million
plus or minus, say, 50 millions (or whatever values the astronomers may regard as
more appropriate, since this is just an example to let the reader understand the
difficulty).

Thus, it makes sense to REPLACE each of the seven independent variables in the Drake
equation (7) by a MEAN VALUE (350 millions, in the above example) PLUS OR MINUS A
CERTAIN STANDARD DEVIATION (SO millions, in the above example) .

By doing so, we have made a great step ahead: we have abandoned the too-simplistic
equation (7) and replaced it by something more sophisticated and scientifically more
serious: the STATISTICAL Drake equation. In other words, we have transformed the
classical and simplistic Drake equation (7) into an advanced statistica l tool for the
investigation of a host of facts hardly known to us in detail. In other words still:

•    We replace each independent variable in (7) by a RANDOM VARIABLE, labeled
     D, (from Drake).

•    We assume that the MEAN VALUE of each D, is the same numerical value previously
     attributed to the corresponding independent variable in (7).

•    But now we also ADD A STANDARD DEVIATION cr 0 ; on each side of the mean value,
     that is provided by the knowledge gathered by scientists in each discipline
     encompassed by each D,.


11
                   UNCLASSIFIED//FQA QFFICilOL. !!ii ONI X
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

Having so done, the next question is:

How can we find out the PROBABILITY DISTRIBUTION for each D; ?

For instance, shall that be a Gaussian, or what?

This is a difficult question, for nobody knows, for instance, the probability distribution of
the number of stars in the galaxy, not to mention the probability distribution of the
other six variables in the Drake equation (7).

There is a brilliant way to get around this difficulty, though.

We start by excluding the Gaussian because each variable in the Drake equation is a
POSITIVE (or, more precisely, a non-negative) random variable, while the Gaussian
applies to REAL random variables only. So, the Gaussian is out. Then, one might
consider the large class of well-studied and positive probability densities called "the
gamma distributions," but it is then unclear why one should adopt the gamma
distributions and not any other. The solution to th is apparent conundrum comes from
Shannon's Information Theory and a theorem that he proved in 1948: "The probability
distribution having maximum entropy ( = uncertainty) over any FINITE range of real
values is the UNIFORM distribution over that range," This is proven in Appendix A of the
present document.

So, at this point, we assume that each of the seven D; in (7) is a UNIFORM random
variable, whose mean value and standard deviation is known by the scientists working
in the respective field (let it be astronomy, or biology, or sociology). Notice that, for
such a uniform distribution, the knowledge of the mean value Po; and of the standard
deviation u 0 , automatically determines the RANGE of that random variable in between
its lower (called a;) and upper (called b;) limits: in fact these limits are given by the
equations


                                                                                            (8)


(the "surprising" factor ✓3 in the above equations comes from the definitions of mean
value and standard deviation: please see equations (12), (15) and (17) in Appendix B
for the relevant proof). So the uniform distribution of each random variable D; is
perfectly determined by its mean value and standard deviation, and so are all its other
properties.

The next problem is the following:

OK, since we now know everything about each uniformly distributed D;, what is the
probability distribution of N, given that N is the product (7) of all the D1 ?

In other words, not only do we want to find the analytical expression of the probability
density function of N, but we also want to relate its mean value f-lN to all mean values
µ0
    of the D;, and its standard deviation
     ,                                      u to all standard deviations
                                                N                          u  of the D;.
                                                                               0
                                                                                   ,


12
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ fFOR: QFFICiIO L. lalii ODIL.¥
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&I.t.k W~i Q~lk¥

This is a difficult problem.

It occupied the author's mind for no less than about ten years (1997 -2007).

It is actually an ANALYTICALLY UNSOLVABLE problem, in that, to the best of this
author's knowledge, it is IMPOSSIBLE to find an analytic expression for any FINITE
PRODUCT of uniform random variablesD; . This result is proven in Sections 2 thru 3.3 of
Appendix B (unfortunately!) .

6. Solving the Statistical Drake Equation By Virtue of the
Central Limit Theorem (CLT) of Statistics
The solution to the problem of finding the analytical expression for the probability
density function of N in the statistica l Drake equation was found by this author in
September 2007. The key steps are the following:

•    Take the natural logs of both sides of the statistical Drake equation (7). This
     changes the product into a sum.

•    The mean values and standard deviations of the logs of the random variables D;
     may all be expressed analytically in terms of the mean values and standard
     deviations of the D; .

•    Recall the Central Limit Theorem (CLT) of statistics, stating that (loosely speaking) if
     you have a SUM of independent random variables, each of which is ARBITRARILY
     DISTRIBUTED (hence, also including uniformly distributed), then, when the number
     of terms in the sum increases indefinitely (i.e. for a sum of random variables
     infinitely long) .. . the SUM RANDOM VARIABLE TENDS TO A GAUSSIAN.

•    Thus, the natural log of N tends to a Gaussian.

•    Thus, N tends to the LOGNORMAL DISTRIBUTION.

•    The mean value and standard deviations of this lognormal distribution of N may all
     be expressed analytically in terms of the mean values and standard deviations of
     the logs of the D, already found previously.

This result is fundamental.

All the relevant equations are summarized in the following Table 1. This table is actually
the same as Table 2 of the author's original paper IAC-08-A4.1.4, entitled "The
Statistical Drake Equation" and presented by him at the International Astronautical
Congress (IAC) held in Glasgow, UK, on October l5t, 2008. This orig inal paper is
reproduced in Appendix B.

To sum up, not only is it found that N approaches the completely known lognormal
distribution for an INFINITY of factors in the statistical Drake equation (7), but the way
is paved to further applications by removing the cond ition that the number of terms in
the product (7) must be FINITE.


13
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFI&l.t.k Wii QNk¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

This possibility of ADDING ANY NUMBER OF FACTORS IN THE DRAKE EQUATION (7)
was not envisaged, of course, by Frank Drake back in 1961, when "summarizing" the
evolution of life in the galaxy in SEVEN simple STEPS. But today, the number of factors
in the Drake equation should already be increased: for instance, there is no mention in
the original Drake equation of the possibility that asteroidal impacts might destroy the
life on Earth at any time, and this is because the demise of the dinosaurs at the K/T
impact had not been yet understood by scientists in 1961, and was so only in 1980!

In practice, the number of factors should INCREASE as much as necessary in order to
get better and better estimates of N as long as our scientific knowledge increases. This
is called the "Data Enrichment Principle" and believe should be the next important goal
in the study of the statistical Drake equation.

Finally, a numerical example explaining how the statistical Drake equation works in the
practice will be given in the next section.


14
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /rOR orr1e1At HSE OrtLY
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPU,¥

Table 1. Summary of the Properties of the Lognormal Distribution That Applies
 to the Random Variable N = Number of ET Communicating Civilizations in the
                                   Galaxy

Random variable                                  N = number of communicating ET
                                                 civilizations in galaxy
Probab ility distribution                        Loq norma l
Probabi lity density function                                                               (1n(11h,J'
                                                                     1        1             -~
                                                 JN (n)= - · &                          e                    (n ;::-: 0)
                                                                     n    27!<:T

Mean va lue                                               a'
                                                          -
                                                 (N )= eµe 2
Variance                                         a 1 = e2µ ea' (ea' - I)
Standard deviation                                         a'
                                                 a N = eµ e2 .J ea 2 - 1
All the moments, i. e. k-th moment                                       k ·-
                                                                              2   a'
                                                 (N k)= ekµ e                     2

Mode ( = abscissa of the log normal peak)                     _
                                                 n nnde = npeak -
                                                                          _ ~I - a- 2
                                                                           e e
Value of the Mode Peak                                                        a'
                                                 f N (n lTl)dc ) = &1 ·e -p ·e2
                                                                    2,r (l
Median (= fifty-fifty probability value for      rred ian = m = e"
N)
Skewness                                           K    ( ,    )                                                 e-6pe-3a'
                                                 _ 3_ = ea + 2
                                                 (K4)¾         .,                       k'        - lne3a2 + 3e2a' +6ea' +61
Kurtosis                                             K                   ,,                  .,          ., "}
                                                 _       4_     = e4a- + 2 e3a- + 3 e-u- - 6
                                                 (K2)2
Expression of 1-1 in terms of the lower (a;)
                                                 µ = ± (Y;) = ± b;[in(b;) - 1]- a;[in (a;) -1]
and upper (b ;) limits of the Drake                  i=I      i= I          b; - a;
uniform input random va riables 0 ;
Expression of <:T 2 in terms of the lower (a;)                 7                   7
                                                                                            a;b; [ln (b; )- in(a;)f
and upper (b;) limits of the Drake               a 2 =La~ = L l-
                                                              i= I                i=I               (b; -a}
uniform input random variables 0 ;


7. An Example Explaining the Statistical Drake Equation
To understand how things work in practice for the statistical Drake equation, please
consider the following table 2. It is made up of three columns:

•    The first column on the left lists the seven input sheer numbers that also become

•    The mean values (middle column).

•    Finally the last column on the right lists the seven input standard deviations.


15
                   UNCLASSIFIED/ 1re1t OFFl@IAL WSE 9Nk¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i Q~lls¥

The bottom line is the classical Drake equation (7). We see that, for this particular set
of seven inputs, the classical Drake equation (i.e. the product of the seven numbers)
yields a total of 3500 communicating extraterrestrial civilizations existing in the galaxy
right now.


                        rs := 350 -109                              s :=     s


                              0                                                                     10
                       fp := 100                                µfp := fp                 ofp := 100

                                                                                                      l
                       ne := 1                                  µne := ne                 crne := -
                                                                                                  /3
                                                                                          crfl := ~
                                0
                       fl := -                                  µfl := fl
                              100                                                                100

                       fi := ~                                  µfi := fi                 on := ~
                            100                                                                  100

                                                                                          crfc := ~
                               0
                       fc:= -                                   µfc := fc
                             100                                                                  100

                       fL := 10000                              µfl. := tL                crtL := 1000
                               1010                                                               1010


                                    _1   := Ks -fp -ne-fl -fi .fc .ff,           = 3500

Table 2. Input Values (i.e. mean values and standard deviations) for the Seven Drake Uniform Random
Variables Di . The first column on the left lists the seven input sheer numbers that also become the mean values
(middle column). Finally the last column on the right lists the seven input standard deviations . The bottom line is
the classical Drake equation (7).

The statistical Drake equation, however, provides a much more articulated answer than
just the above sheer number N = 3500. In fact, a MathCad code written by this author
and capable of performing all t he numerical calculations required by the statistical
Drake equation for a given set of seven input mean va lues plus seven input standard
deviations, yields for N the lognormal distribution (thin curve) plotted in Figure 2. We
see immediately that the peak of this thin curve (i.e. the mode) falls at about
 n rmde;;;; npeak = eµ e-a' ""250 (this is equation (99) of Appendix B), while the median (fifty­

fifty value spl itting the lognormal density in two parts with equal undergoing areas) falls
at about nm,d ian;;;; eµ ""1740 . These seem to be smaller values than N = 3500 provided by
the classical Drake equations, but it's a wrong impression due to a poor "intuitive"
understanding of what statistics is! In fact, neither the mode nor the median are the
" really important" values: the really important value for N is the MEAN VALUE! Now if
you look at t he thin curve in Figure 2 below (i.e. the lognorma l distribution arisin g from
the Central Li mit Theorem), you see that this curve has a LONG TAIL ON THE RIGHT! In
other words, it does NOT immediately go down to nearly zero beyond the peak of the
mode. Thus, when you actually compute the mean value, you should not be too


16
                       UNCLASSIFIED// POR OPPICll<L ti.!! er~LV
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

                                                    (]''


surprised to find out that it equals (N) = e 11 e2 : : : 4589 .559          ~ 4590 communicating
civilizations now in the galaxy. This is the important number, and it is HIGHER than the
3500 provided by the classical Drake equation. Thus, in conclusion, THE STATISTICAL
EXTENSION of the classical Drake equation INCREASES OUR HOPES to find an
extraterrestria I civi Iization !


                             PROBABILITY DENSITY FUNCTION OF N


                                  1000           2000               3000                           4000
                                  N = Number of ET Civilizations in Galaxy

Figure 2. Comparing the Two Probability Density Functions of the Random Variable N Found (1)
Without Resorting to the CLT at All (thick curve) and (2) Using the CLT and the Relevant Lognormal
Approximation (thin curve).

Even more so our hopes are increased when we go on to consider the standard
deviation associated with the mean value 4590. In fact, the standard deviation is given
                                                                     ,,.,
by equation (97) of Appendix B. This yields            2 ✓e" 2 -1 = 11195 and so the
                                                      er"' = e11 e
expected number of N may actually be even much higher than the 4590 provided by
the mean value alone! The "upper limit of the one-sigma confidence interval" (as
statisticians call it), i.e. the sum 4590+11195 = 15,785, yields a higher number still!
(Note: the "lower limit of the one-sigma confidence interval is ZERO because the
lognormal distribution is POSITIVE (or, more correctly, non-negative)). Finally, the
reader should note that the thick curve depicted in Figure 2 is just the NUMERICAL
solution of the statistical Drake equation for a FINITE number of 7 input factors. Figure
2 actually shows that this curve "is well interpolated" by the lognormal distribution (thin
curve), i.e., by the neat analytical expression provided by the Central Limit Theorem for
an INFINITE number of factors in the Drake equation. That is, in conclusion, Figure 2
visually shows that taking 7 factors or an infinity of factors "is almost the same thing"
already for a value as small as 7.


17
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOil OFFI@IAb W&i QNI.¥
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k Wii Q~lls¥


8. Finding the Probability Distribution of the Et-Distance By
Virtue of the Statistical Drake Equation
Having solved the statistical Drake equation by finding the lognormal distribution, we
are now in a position to solve the ET-DISTANCE problem by resorting to statistics again,
rather than just to the purely deterministic Distance Law (5), as we did in Section 2.
This is "scientifically more serious" than just the purely deterministic Distance Law (5)
inasmuch as the new statistical Distance Law will yield a PROBABILITY DENSITY for the
Distance, with the relevant mean value and standard deviation . In other words, the
Distance Law (5) itself becomes a random variable whose probability distribution, mean
value and standard deviation must be computed by "replacing" into (5) the fact that N
is now known to follow the lognormal distribution . This is mathematically described in
detail in Section 7 of Appendix A.

The important new result is the PROBABILITY DENSITY FOR THE DISTANCE, the
equation of which is


                                                                                           (9)


holding for r ;,: O. This is equation (114) of Appendix B.

Starting from this equation, the MEAN VALUE OF THE random variable ET_ DISTANCE is
computed as
                                                                         J.I   cr2

                                            (Er_Distance) =Ce 3 e""jg                    (10)


which is equation (119) of Appendix B, and finally the ET_DISTANCE STANDARD
DEVIATION

                                                                   _!!. a2Kr2
                                      CJ ET_Distanu: -
                                                         -
                                                               C e 3 e 18 e 9 - l        (11)


which is equation ( 123) of Appendix B. Of course, all other descriptive statistical
quantities, such as moments, cumulants etc. can be computed upon starting from the
probability density (9), and the resu lt is Table two hereafter, that is Table 3 of Appendix
B.

Finally, to complete this section, as well as this "introduction to the statistical Drake
equation," the numerical values that equations (10) and (11) yield for the Input Table 1
are determined. They are, respectively:

                                                        _}!_     CTl

                               r,11ea11 _ m l ue   = Ce 3 e 18 ;::: 2,670 light years    (12)


18
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k Wii QNls¥
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

which is equation (153) of Appendix B, and

                                            I'   (12   ~


                         a ET_Di stono, =C e 3 e •8 ~ e9 - 1 a:: 1,309 light years   (13)

which is equation (154) of Appendix B.


19
                UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR &FFIGIAk lalii ODIL:¥
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

 Table 2. Summary of the Properties of the Probability Distribution That Applies
 to the Random Variable ET_Distance Yielding the (average} Distance Between
        Any Two Neighboring Communicating Civilizations in the Galaxy

Random variable                                   ET_ Distance between any two neighboring
                                                  ET civilizations in galaxy assuming they are
                                                  UNIFORMLY distributed throughout the
                                                  whole qalaxy volume.
Probability distribution                          Unnamed
Probability density function
                                                                                                                    _(•{ 6 R[ata1'.I l,Gola')]-µ          J
                                                                                 3               I                                        2u 2
                                                  fET_Distana,(r)           =-;. · Ji; CT ·e
Numerical constant C related to the Milky
                                                  C = 3 6 R 8alruy h Gala.,y "" 28,845 light years
Way size
Mean value                                                                                   µ           u2

                                                  (Er_Distance) = C e- 3 e18
Variance
                                                    2           -
                                                  CTET_Distance -
                                                                             2       -3p 9
                                                                          C e 2 ea [ e a
                                                                                                         2
                                                                                                                    9 -
                                                                                                                         2
                                                                                                                                  l
                                                                                                                                  I

Standard deviation                                                               _ji_       er ✓ a                  2

                                                                      -
                                                  CTET_Distance -         C e 3 e 18 e 9 _ l
All the moments, i.e. k-th moment                                                                    - k!!.             k2,u2

                                                  (Er_Dis tan eek) = c k e                                   3 e             18


Mode ( = abscissa of the log normal peak)                                            _ji_            er
                                                  rnnde   =       rpeak = Ce 3 e
                                                                                                     9


Value of the Mode Peak                            Peak Value of fET_ Distanu:(r) =
                                                                                      !!. -a'                 3
                                                  = fET_Distana,Cr,rnde) = cfi; CT
                                                                                   ·e  3 . e 18


Median ( = fifty-fifty probability value for N)                                    _ji_
                                                  ~dian = m = Ce 3
Skewness                                                                                                     ,,.,                 5,,.2          ,,., ]

                                                                                        e-µ [ e 2 - 3e 18 +2e 6
                                                  __!!i_ =
                                                          3                                                                                                    3
                                                  (K4 )2                     8a 2          5a 2    4a 2      a2   2a2                                         ]2
                                                                    C 3 [ e9            -4e- 9 -3e      +12 e - 6e- 9         9                  3

Ku rtosis                                                            4 a2                   a'                      2 a2
                                                   K4 _ 9 +2e - 3 +3e - 9 -6
                                                  (K2)2 - e
Expression of µin terms of the lower (ai)         µ= I            (r;) = I b; [ln (b;)- 1]- a;[ln(a;)- 1]
and upper (bi) limits of the Drake uniform
                                                          i=I               ;~1                               b; - a;
input random variables Di
                                                              7              7
Expression of CT 2 in terms of the lower (ai)                                                a;b; [ln (b;)- ln(a;)f
                                                  CT 2 = Io} =I i
and upper (bi) limits of t he Drake uniform                i= I              i=I                             (b; - a; )2
input random variables Di

 20
                    UNCLASSIFIED/ J'FQA QFFICiIPL. !Iii 011! Y
     UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


21
     UNCLASSIFIED// POil OFFI@IAb W&i 91'11.¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

It is clarifying to draw the graph of the ET_Distance probability density (9):


                                          DISTANCE OF NEAREST Ef_ CIVILIZA TION
     5.63 ·10-20


                           500      1000                1500 2000        2500 3000        3500        4000   4500   5000
                                                         ET _Distance from Earth (light years)
Figure 3. The Probability of Finding the Nearest Extraterrestrial Civilization at the distance r From Earth
(in light years) if the Values Assumed in the Drake Equation are Those Shown in Input Table 1. The
relevant probability density function fET_Disian.,( r) is given by equation (9). Its mode (peak abscissa) equals 1933
light years, but its mean value is higher since the curve has a long tail on the right : the mean value equals in fact
2670 light years. Finally, the standard deviation equals 1309 light years: THIS IS GOOD NEWS FOR SETI,
inasmuch as the nearest ET galaxy civilization might lie at just 1 sigma = 2670-1309 = 1361 light years from us.

From Figure 3 we see that the probability of finding extraterrestrials is practically zero
up to a distance of about 500 light years from Earth. Then it starts increasing with the
increasing distance from Earth, and reaches its maximum at

                                                                    _l!_   ~
                                          r=de         = r peak = C e 3 e 9 :::: 1,933 light years.                        (14)

This is the MOST LIKELY VALUE of the distance at which we can expect to find the
nearest extraterrestrial civilization.

It is not the mean va lue of the probabil ity distribution (9) for fET_Di stan.,( r). In fact, the
probability density (9) has an infinite tail on the right, as clearly shown in Figure 3, and
hence its mean value must be higher than its peak value. As given by (10) and (12), its
                                     ....!:!..   0'2

mean value is r,,,en,,_mlue = Ce c::,2670 light years. This is the MEAN (va lue of the)
                                          3 e 18

DISTANCE at which we can expect to find extraterrestria ls.


22
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ ;'FQA QFFICiIPL. !Iii 011! Y
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPU,¥

After having found the above two distances (1933 and 2670 light years, respectively),
the next natural question that arises is: "what is the range, back and forth around the
mean value of the distance, within which we can expect to find extraterrestria ls with
"the highest hopes?" The answer to this question is given by the notion of standard
deviation that we already found to be given by (11) and (13),

                                                I'    0'2    ~

                         CT ET_Distance = Ce     3 e •8 V e 9    -1 ""1309 light years .

More precisely, this is the so-ca lled 1-sigma (distance) level. Probability theory then
shows that the nearest extraterrestrial civilization is expected to be located within this
ra nge, i.e. within the two distances of (2670-1309) = 1361 light years and
(2670+1309) = 3979 light years, with probability given by the integral of fET_oistance(r)
taken in between these two lower and upper limits, that is:

                                 i3979 1igh1 years

                                  l36 1lig btycars
                                                     fET Di siance (r) dr:::: 0.75 = 75 %
                                                         -
                                                                                            (15)

In plain words: with 75 percent probability, the nearest extraterrestrial civilization is
located in between the distances of 1361 and 3979 light years from us, having assumed
the input values to the Drake Equation given by table 1. If we change those input
values, then all the numbers change again, of course.

9. The "Data Enrichment Principle" as the Best CLT
Consequence Upon the Statistical Drake Equation (Any
Number of Factors Allowed)
As a fitting climax to all the statistical equations developed so far, let us now state our
"DATA ENRICHMENT PRINCIPLE." It simply states that "The Higher the Number of
Factors in the Statistical Drake equation, The Better."

Put in this simple way, it simply looks like a new way of saying that the CLT lets the
random variable Y approach the normal distribution when the number of terms in the
sum (4) approaches infinity. And this is the case, indeed.

10. Conclusions
We have sought to extend the classical Drake equation to let it encompass Statistics
and Probability.

This approach appears to pave the way to future, more profound investigations
intended not only to associate "error bars" to each factor in the Drake equation, but
especially to increase the number of factors themselves. In fact, this seems to be the
only way to incorporate into the Drake equation more and more new scientific
information as soon as it becomes available. In the long run, the Statistical Drake
equation might just become a huge computer code, growing in size and especially in
the depth of the scientific information it contains. It would thus be Humanity's first
"Encyclopaedia Galactica."


23
                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPlls¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

Unfortunately, to extend the Drake equation to Statistics, it was necessary to use a
mathematical apparatus that is more sophi sticated than just the simple product of
seven numbers.


24
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFIGl.t.k W&i QPII.¥
                                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W~i Q~lls¥


Appendix A: Proof of Shannon's 1948 Theorem Stating
That the Uniform Distribution is the "Most Uncertain" One
Over a Finite Range of Values

Information Theory was initiated by Claude Shannon (1916-2001) in his well-known
1948 two papers:
      Rqrutted   mm commi:ms from              B • 1-S,'l •st Ii         •ral Jour:!li,
      \ GI. 1 . pp.   9--!13 , 62J..,iS , July, Occober. I


                                                  A Mathematical Theory of Communication
                                                                                   By C. E SHANNO


In this Appendix, we wish to draw attention to a couple of theorems that Shannon
proves on pages 36 and 37 of his work, and read, respectively (note that Shannon
omits the upper and lower limits of all integrals in the first theorem: they are minus
infinity and plus infinity, respectively):

      5. Letp(x) bea one-dimensionaldis :i ti The onno p(x) ginng ammcimumentropy 1:.ubjec-tto the
         c dition tha e     dan:l devia on ofx be fixed at a i- G ian. To show this we must maximize

                                                                               H(x) = -      fp    x) logp(x) d


                                                                   <T-    =j p            x- dx   and 1 =/ p x)dx

          as cons               •. This requi~ . by                           calculu~ of variations maxunizing

                                                               / [- p x)logp(x)                   >.p(x     11p(x)] dx.

               e condition or lus is
                                                                               - 1- logp(x
                                                       •ng the constllllf5 to sat'                 the


and


25
                                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR: QFFIGI0ls Uii 0111 X
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

      7. If x is limited to a half line (p(x) = 0 for x < 0) and the fin.t moment of x is ihted at a:

                                                              a=   f     p (x dx

         then the maximwn en opy OCCW1! when

                                                              p(x)     =,! - f.r/al
                                                                          a
         and 1s equal to logea.

Now, we wish to point out that there is a third possible case, other than the two given
by Shannon. This is the case when the probabi lity density function p(x) is limited to a
FINITE INTERVAL a::; x::; b. This is obviously the case with any physical POSITIVE
ra ndom variable, such as a distance, or the number N of extraterrestrial communicating
civilizations in the,". And it is easy to prove that for any such finite random variable the
maximum entropy distribution is the UNIFORM distribution over a -5, x -5, b. Shannon did
not bother to prove this simple theorem in his 1948 papers since he probably regarded
it as too trivial. But we prefer to point out this theorem since, in the language of the
statistica l Drake equation, it sounds like:

"Since we don't know what the probability distribution of any one of the Drake random
variables D; is, it is safer to assume that each of them has the maximum possible
entropy over a; -5,x-5, h; , i. e., that D; is UNIFORM LY distributed there.

The proof of th is theorem is along the same lines as for the previous two cases
discussed by Shannon:

We start by assuming t hat a; -5, x -5, b; .

We then form the linear combination of the entropy integral plus the normalization
condition for D;


where i is a Lagrange multipli er.

Performing the variation, one finds

                                             - Iogp(x)- 1+1 = 0 that is: p(x)= e ,1,- i .

App lying the normalization condition (constraint) to the last expression for p(x) yields


                                  I = f. b, p ( x ) dx = f. b; e,l,-1 dx = e2-1 f.b; dx = e,1,-1 ( b; - a,. )
                                        a1               a1                       a1


that yields

                                                               ,l,-1          1
                                                              e        = --
                                                                        h; - a;


26
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /POlt Offl@IAL WSi 9Nk¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

and finally

                               p(x) = -   1-    with a; s x s b;
                                      b; - a;

showi ng that the maximum-entropy probability distribution over any FINITE int erval
a; sxsb; is the UNIFORM distrib ution .


27
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QNk¥
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i Q~lls¥


Appendix B: Original Text of the Author's Paper #IAC-08-
A4.1.4 Titled the Statistical Drake Equation

                                                IA C-08-A4.1.4


           THE STATISTICAL DRAKE EQUATION
                                             Claudio Maccone
          Co-Vice Chair, SETI Permanent Study Group, International Academy ofAstronautics

                       Address: Via Martorelli, 43 - Torino (Turin) 10155 - Italy
                      URL: http://www.maccone.com/ - E-mail: clmaccon@libero.it

ABSTRACT. We provide th statistical generalization of the Drake equation.

From a simple product of seven positive numbers, the Drake eq uation is now turned into the product of seven
positive random variables. We call this "the Statistical Drake Equation ," The mathematical consequences of
this transformation are then derived. The proof of our results is based on the Central Limit Theorem (CLT) of
Statistics. In loose terms, the CLT states that the sum of any number of independent random variables, each of
which may be ARBITRARILY distributed, approaches a Gaussian (i.e. u01mal) random variable. This is called
the Lyapunov Form of the CLT, or the Lindeberg Form of th CLT, depending on the mathematical constraints
assumed on the third moments of the various probability distributions. In conclusion , we show that:
 l) The new random variable N, yielding the number of communicating civilizations in the Galaxy, follows the
     LOGNORMAL distribution . Then, as a consequence, the mean value of this lognormal distribution is the
     ordinary Nin the Drake equation. The standard deviation , mode, and all the moments of this lognormal N
     are found also.
2) The seven factors in the ordinary Drake equation now become seven positive random variables. The
     probability distribution of each random variable may be ARBITRARY. The CLT in the so-called
     Lyapunov or Lindeberg forms (that both do not assume the factors to be identically distributed) allows for
     that. In other words the CLT "translates" into our statistical Drake equation by allowing an arbitrary
     probability distribution fo r each factor. This is both physically realistic and practicalJ y very useful, of
     course.
3) An application of our statistical Drake equation then follows. The (average) DISTANCE between any two
     neighboring and communicating civilizations in the Galaxy may be shown to be inversely proportional to
     the cubic root of N. Then, in our approach, this distance becomes a new random variable. We derive the
     relevant probability density function , apparently previously unknown and dubbed "Maccone distribution"
     by Paul Davies.
4) DATA ENRICHMENT PRINCIPLE. It should be noticed that ANY positive number of random vai'iables
     in the Statistical Drake Equation is compatible with the CLT. So, our generalization allows for many more
     factors to be added in the future as long as more refined scientific knowledge about each factor will be
     known to the scientists. This capability to make room for more future factors in the statistical Drake
     equation we call the "Data Enrichment Principle", and we regard it as the key to more profound future
     results in the fields of Astrobiology and SETI.

Finally, a practical example is given of how our statistical Drake equation works numerically. We work out in
detail the case where each of the seven random variables is uniformly distributed around its own mean value
and has a given standard deviation. For instance, the number of stars in the Galaxy is assumed to be uniformly
distributed around (say) 350 billions with a standard deviation of (say) I billion. Then, the resulting lognormal
distribution of N is computed numerically by virtue of a MathCad file that the author has written. This shows

28
                      UNCLASSIFIED/; P"OR OP"P"lelltt li!I! er•tv
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

that the mean value of the lognormal random variable N is actually of the same order as the classical N given
by the ordinary Drake equation, as one might expect from a good statistical generalization.

1. INTRODUCTION                                                number of civilizations now transmitting and
                                                               receiving, and this implies an estimate of"how
     The Drake equation is a now famous result                 long will a technological civilization live?"
(see ref. [1] for the Wikipedia summary) in the                that nobody can make at the moment. Also,
fields of SETI (the Search for ExtraTetTestial                 are they going to destroy themselves in a
Intelligence, see ref. [2]) and Astrobiology (see ref.         nuclear war, and thus live only a few decades
[3]). Devised in l 960, the Drake equation was the             of technological civi lization? Or are they
first scientific attempt to estimate the number N of           slowly becoming wiser, reject war, speak a
ExtraTerrestrial civilizations in the Galaxy with              single language (like English today), and
which we might come in contact. Frank D. Drake                 merge into a single "nation", thus living in
(see ref. [4]) proposed it as the product of seven             peace for ages? Or will robots take over one
factors:                                                       day making "flesh animals" disappear forever
                                                               (the so-called "post-biological universe")?
            N=Ns-fp-ne·fl·fi·fc·fL.                 (1)             No one knows ...

Where:                                                         But let us go back to the Drake equation (1).
I)   Ns is the estimated number of stars in our           In the fifty years of its existence, a number of
   Galaxy.                                                suggestions have been put forward about the
2) fp is the fraction (= percentage) of such stars        different numeric values of its seven factors. Of
   that have planets.                                     course, every different set of these seven input
3) ne is the number "Earth-type" such planets             numbers yields a different value for N, and we can
   around the given star; in other words, ne is           endlessly play that way. But we claim that these
   number of planets, in a given stellar system,          are like ... children plays!
   on which the chemical conditions exist for life
   to begin its course: they are "ready for life,"             We claim the classical Drake equation (1), as
4) fl is fraction(= percentage) of such "ready for        we shall call it from now on to distinguish it from
   life" planets on which life actually starts and        our statistical Drake equation to be introduced in
   grows up (but not yet to the "intelligence"            the coming sections, well, the classical Drake
   level).                                                equation is scientifically inadequate in one regard
5) fl is the fraction (= percentage) of such              at least: it just handles sheer numbers and does not
   "planets with life fom1S" that actually evolve         associate an error bar to each of its seven factors.
   until some form of "intelligent civilization"          At the very least, we want to associate an error
   emerges (like the first, historic human                bar to each D;.
   civilizations on Earth).
6) Jc is the fraction (= percentage) of such                   Well, we have thus reached STEP ONE in our
   "planets with civilizations" where the                 improvement of the classical Drake equation:
   civilizations evolve to the point of being able        replace each sheer number by a probability
   to communicate across the interstellar                 distribution!
   distances with other (at least) similarly
   evolved civilizations. As far as we know in                The reader is now asked to look at the flow
   2008, this means that they must be aware of            chart in the next page as a guide to this paper,
   the Maxwell equations governing radio waves,           please.
   as well as of computers and radioastronomy
   (at least).                                            2.   STEP 1: LETTING EACH FACTOR
7) fl is the fraction of galactic civilizations alive          BECOME A RANDOM VARIABLE
   at the time when we, poor humans, attempt to
   pick up their radio signals (that they throw out           In this paper we adopt the notations of the
   into space just as we have done since l 900,           great book "Probability, Random Variables and
   when Marconi started the transatlantic                 Stochastic Processes" by Athanasios Papoulis
   transmissions). In other words, fl is the              (1921-2002), now re-published as Papoulis-Pillai,


29
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ ,'FOR: QFFIGI CL. Wii ODIL:¥
                     UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

ref. [5]. The advantage of this notation is that it
makes a neat distinction between probabilistic (or                                                          (3)
statistical: it's the same thing here) variables,
always denoted by capitals, from non-probabilistic
(or "detenninistic") variables, always denoted by      Of course, N now becomes a (positive) random
lower-case letters. Adopting the Papoulis notation     variable too, having its own (positive) mean value
also is a tribute to him by this author, who was a     and standard deviation. Just as each of the D; has its
Fulbright Grantee in the United States with him at     own (positive) mean value and standard deviation ...
the Polytechnic [nstitute (now Polytechnic             ... the natural question then arises: how are the seven
University) of New York in the years 1977-78-79.       mean values on the right related to the mean value on
                                                       the left?
    We thus introduce seven new (positive)             ... and how are the seven standard deviations on the
random variables D; ("D" from "Drake") defined         right related to the standard deviation on the left?
                                                             Just take the next step ...
as
                                                       3.   STEP 2: INTRODUCING LOGS TO
                      D 1 = Ns                              CHANGE THE PRODUCT INTO A SUM
                      D2 =fp
                      D3 =ne                                Products of random variables are not easy to
                                                       handle in probability theory. It is actually much
                      D4 = fl                    (2)
                                                       easier to handle sums of random variables, rather
                      Ds = fl                          than products, because:
                      D6 =Jc                                1) The probability density of the sum of two or
                                                                more independent random variables is the
                      D7   =fL                                  convolution of the relevant probabifay
                                                                densities (worry not about the equations,
so that our STATISTICAL Drake equation may be                   right now) .
simply rewritten as                                         2) The Fourier transform of the convolution
                                                                simply is the product of the Fourier
                                                                transforms (again, worry not about the
                                                                equations,       at        this       point)


30
                     UNCLASSIFIED//EOR OFFICIO! !!SF ON! X
             UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                I
                                                    1. Introduction
                                                                        I
                                                            I
                              2. Step 1: Letting each factor become a random
                                                            I
                              2.1.   Step 2: Introducing logs to change the product into a
                                                                                                      I
                                                            I
                              2.2.   Step 3: The transformation law of random variables.
                                                                                                      I
                                                            I
                              3. Step 4:   Assuming the easiest input distribution for
                                           each D1: the uniform distribution.


                                                            I
                              3 .1. Step 5: A numerical example of the Statistical Drake equation
                                             with uniform distributions for the Drake random
                                             variables 0 ;.


                                                            I


     3.2. Step 6 : Computing the logs of the
                    7 uniformly distributed
                    Drake random variables
                   O; .

                          I
     3.3. Step 7: Finding the probability
                   density function of N, but
                   only numerically not
                   analytically.


                          I

             I   DEAD END!
                                     I                    4. The Central Limit Theorem (CLT) of Statistics.
                                                                                     I
                                                          s. LOGNORMAL distribution as the probability
                                                                distribution of the number N of
                                                                communicating ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations
                                                                in the Galaxy.
                                                                                     I
                                                          6. Compari ng the CLT r esults with the Non- CLT
                                                             results, and discarding the Non-CLT approach.


                                                          7. DISTANCE to the nearest ExtraTerrestriai
                                                             Civilization as a probability distribution ( Paul
                                                             Davies dubbed that the Maccone distribution).


                                                                                     I
                                                          7. 1 Classical, non-probabilistic derivation of the
                                                               Distance to the nearest ET Civilization.


                                                          7.2    Probabilistic derivation of probability density
                                                                 function for nearest ET Civilization Distance.


                                                          7.3    Statistical properties of the distribution.


                                                          7.4    Numerical example of the distribution.
                                                                                     I
                                                          8.     DATA ENRICHMENT PRINCIPLE as the best
                                                                 CLT consequence upon the Drake equation :
                                                                 ;mx number of factors allowed for.


31
             UNCLASSIFIED/ ;'FQA QFFICilPL. PP&i ODI! Y
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

So, let us take the natural logs of both sides of the       type of probability density function (pdt) for the last
Statistical Drake equation (3) and change it into a         seven of equations (5), then we must compute the
sum:                                                        (new and different) pdf of the logs of such random
                                                            variables. And the pdf of these logs certainly is not
                                                            gamma-type any more.

                                                                  It is high time now to remind the reader of a
                                                            certain theorem that is proved in probability courses,
It is now convenient to introduce eight new (positive)      but, unfortunately, does not seem to have a specific
random variables defined as follows:                        name. It is the transformation law (so we shall call
                                                            it, see, for instance, ref. [5]) allowing us to compute
                                                            the pdf of a certain new random variable Y that is a
                    Y=ln(N)
               {                                      (5)   known function Y = g(X) of another random
                   Y;=ln(D;) i=l,...,7.
                                                            variable X having a known pdf. In other words, if the
                                                            pdf fx (x) of a certain random variable X is known,
Upon inversion, the first equation of (5) yields the
important equation, that will be used in the sequel         then the pdf fr(Y) of the new random variable Y,
                                                            related to X by the functional relationship
                                                      (6)
                                                                                  y = g(X)                       (8)
We are now ready to take STEP THREE.
                                                            can be calculated according to this rule:
   STEP 3: THE TRANSFORMATION LAW                           1) First invert the corresponding non-probabilistic
OF RANDOM VARIABLES                                             equation y = g(x) and denote by X; (y) the
                                                                various real roots resulting from the this
    So far we did not mention at all the problem:               inversion.
"which probability disttibution shall we attach to          2) Second, take notice whether these real roots may
each of the seven (positive) random variables D; ?"             be either finitely- or infinitely-many, according
                                                                to the nature of the function y = g(x).
    It is not easy to answer this question because we       3) Third, the probability density function of Y is
do not have the least scientific clue to what                   then given by the (finite or infinite) sum
probability distributions fit at best to each of the
seven points listed in Section 1.
                                                                                                                 (9)
     Yet, at least one trivial error must be avoided:
claiming that each of those seven random variables
must have a Gaussian (i.e. normal) distribution. In
                                                                where the summation extends to all roots x;(Y) and
fact, the Gaussian distribution, having the well­
known bell-shaped probability density function                   lg' (x; (y)~ is the absolute value of the first

                                                                derivative of g(x) where the i-th root x;(Y) has
                                                                been replaced instead of x.
                                          (a ;,: o)   (7)
                                                            Since we must use this transformation law to transfer
                                                            from the D; to the Y; = ln(D;), it is clear that we
has its independent variable y ranging between --oo
and oo and so it can apply to a real random variable        need to start from a D; pdf that is as simple as
Y only, and never to positive random variables like         possible. The gamma pdf is not responding to this
those in the statistical Drake equation (3). Period.        need because the analytic expression of the
                                                            transformed pdf is very complicated (or, at least, it
     Searching again for probability density functions      looked so to this author in the first instance). Also,
that represent positive random variables, an obvious        the gamma distribution has two free parameters in it,
choice would be the gamma distributions (see, for           and this "complicates" its application to the various
instance, ref. [6]). However, we discarded this choice      meanings of the Drake equation. Tn conclusion, we
too because of a different reason: please keep in mind      discarded the gamma distributions and confined
that, according to (5), once we selected a particular

32
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOil OFFI@IAb W&i! QNI.¥
                                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

ourselves to the simpler uniform distribution instead,                                 _ (b; -a;)(a; +a;b; +b; ) _ a; +a;b; +b;
as shown in the nest section.
                                                                                       -        3 (b; - a;)      -       3
4. STEP 4: ASSUMING THE EASIEST
   I PUT DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH D; :                                               The second moment of the uniform distribution is
   THE U IFORM DISTRIBUTION                                                       thus


     Let us now suppose that each of the seven D; is                                                                a; +a;b; + b;
                                                                                                ( un itiorm D .2) = ---'---'-'-----'-         (13)
distributed UNIFORMLY in the interval ranging                                                              -  I             3
from the lower limit a; ~ 0 to the upper limit
b; ~a;·                                                                           From (12 and (13) we may now derive the variance
                                                                                  of the uniform distribution
     This is the same as saying that the probability
density function of each of the seven Drake random
variables D; has the equation                                                     c:r~nifi>rnLD; = ( uniform_D ;2)-( uniform_ D ;) 2


     funi rom, o. (x) = - 1-            with O::; a; s; x s; b;            (10)
                                                                                       =
                                                                                           a; + a;b; + b;2
                                                                                            ?

                                                                                                                                              ( 14)
              - '       h;-a;
                                                                                                    3                        4           12
as it follows at once from the normalization condition
                                                                                  Upon taking the square root of both sides of ( 14 ), we
                  fti;
                       b
                       , funi rol'TlLD- (x )dx = 1 .
                                    I
                                                                           (11)
                                                                                  finally obtain the sta11dard deviation of the u11iform
                                                                                  distribution :

    Let us now consider the mean value of such
uniform D; defined by

               b;                 1 f b'                                               We now wish to perform a calculation that is
(unifom'LD;)= f xfunibniLo, (x)dx=--- xdx
                           ai                            b; -a;       a;          mathematically trivial, but rather unexpected from
                                                                                  the intuitive point of view, and very important for our
                                                                                  applications to the statistical Drake equation. Just
                                                                                  consider the two simultaneous equations ( 12) and
              2 ]b;
= --
   1-    [ .::._    = b;2 - a;2 = a; + b;                                         (15)
  b; - a; 2 a; 2 (b; - a;)           2    •
                                                                                                                  ) a . +b-
By words (as it is intuitively obvious): the mean
                                                                                                    l( uniform_ Di = ~
                                                                                                                                              (16)
value of the uniform distribution simply is the mean                                                    (T               _ , b- - a
                                                                                                                          __ _,
                                                                                                             uniIDTITLD; -       2✓3 •
of the lower plus upper limit of the variable range

                                    a -+b.
                  ( unifonn_D ; ) = -                                             Upon inverting this trivial linear system, one finds
                                      ' - -' .                             (12)
                                       2
                                                                                            fa; = (uniform_D; )- ✓3 (Tuni DnTLD;
     In order to find the variance of the uniform                                                                                             (17)
                                                                                           lb; = ( uniform_D;) + ✓3 c:runifom1..D, •
distribution, we first need finding the second moment

                                                                                  This is of paramount importance for our application
    •
( uniform_ Di 2) = fb;X 2 fun ibrnLD, (X ) dx
                            01                                                    the Statistical Drake equation inasmuch as it shows
                                                                                  that:
                                                                                  if one (scientifically) assigns the mean value and
         I    ", ,      l     x 3 ]b;    h-3 - a .3                               standard deviation of a certai11 Drake random
                            [
     = b-a . Lx-dx = b. -a . 3        = 3(b. -;, .)                               variable D;, then. the lower a11d upper limits of the
          I   I                     I     I        <l;            I        I
                   I
                                                                                  relevant uniform distribution are given by the two
                                                                                  equations (17), respectively.


33
                                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /POlt 9Pfl@IAL H§E 8Nk¥
                                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


In other words, there is a factor of ✓3 = 1.732                        relevant lower and upper limits for the uniform
                                                                       distribution of fp=D2 tum out to be
included in the two equations (17) that is not obvious
at all to human intuition, and must indeed be taken
into account.                                                              a fp : ( un~orm_D 2 ) - ,fj a unitbrnLD 2 : 0.327   (20)
                                                                       {
                                                                           b.fp - ( uniform_D 2 ) + ,fj a unitomLD 2 - 0.673
The application of this result to the Statistical Drake
equation is discussed in the next section.
                                                                            The next Drake random variable is the number
      3.1 STEP 5: A NUMERICAL EXAMPLE                                  ne of "Earth-type" planets in a given star system.
          OF THE STATISTICAL DRAKE                                     Taking example from the Solar System, since only
                                                                       the Earth is truly "Earth-type", the mean value of ne
          EQUATION WITH UNIFORM
                                                                       is clearly I, but the standard deviation is not zero if
          DISTRIBUTIO S FOR THE DRAKE
                                                                       we assume that Mars also may be regarded as Earth­
          RANDOM VARIABLES D;
                                                                       type. Since there are thus two Earth-type planets in
                                                                       the Solar System, we must assume a standard
     The first variable Ns in the classical Drake
equation (1) is the number of stars in our Galaxy.                     deviation of 1/ ,fj = 0.577 to compensate the ,fj
Nobody knows how many they are exactly (!). Only                       appearing in ( 17) in order to finally yield two "Earth­
statistical estimates can be made by astronomers, and                  type" planets (Earth and Mars) for the upper limit of
they oscillate (say) around a mean value of 350                        the random variable ne. In other words, we assume
billions (if this value is indeed correct!). This being                that
the situation, we assume that our uniformly
distributed random variable Ns has a mean value of
350 billions minus or plus a standard deviation of
(say) one billion (we don't care whether this number
is scientifically the best estimate as of August 2008:
we just want to set up a numerical example of our                          The next four Drake random variables have even
Statistical Drake equation). ln other words, we now                    more "arbitrarily" assumed values that we simply
assume that one has:                                                   assume for the sake of making up a numerical
                                                                       example of our Statistical Drake equation with
                        (uniform_D 1 ) = 350 ~10 9                     uniform entry distributions. So, we really make no
                    {                                          (18)    assumption about the astronomy, or the biology, or
                           a unilomLD, = l •10 •                       the sociology of the Drake equation: we just care
                                                                       about its mathematics.
Therefore, according to equations (17) the lower and
upper limit of our uniform distribution for the                               All our assumed entries are given in Table l.
random variable Ns=D1 are, respectively
                                                                            Please notice that, had we assumed all the
                                                                       standard deviations to equal zero in Table I, then our
{
    aNs = 1 uniform_D ) - ✓
            \   .
                             1
                           3auni "'" rm  ,v
                                               O = 348.3-10
                                              - I
                                                            9
                                                            9 ( ( 9)   Statistical Drake equation (3) would have obviously
    bNs   =(umform_D 1) + ,fj aunii:>rTTLD, =351.7 -10                 reduced to the classical Drake equation (1), and the
                                                                       resulting number of civilizations in the Galaxy would
     Similarly we proceed for all the other six random                 have turned out to be 3500:
variables in the Statistical Drake equation (3).
                                                                                                IN =3500 1.                    (22)
     For instance, we assume that the fraction of stars
that have planets is 50%, i.e. 50/100, and thi s will be               This is the important deterministic number that we
the mean value of the random variable fp=D 2 . We                      will use in the sequel of this paper for comparison
also assume that the relevant standard deviation will                  with our statistical results on the mean value of N,
be 10%, i. e. that a fr =10 /100 . Therefore, the                      i.e. (N). This will be explained in Sections 3.3 and 5.


34
                                 UNCLASSIFIED// POil OFFI@IAb W&i 01'11.¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i Q~lls¥


                           1s := 3 · o-10 9                        s := -s                    cr s := 1-10 9


                                        ·o                                                                10
                         fp := 100                            µfp := fp                       crfp := 100

                                                                                                          1
                         ne := 1                              µne := ne                       crne := -
                                                                                                      ,/3
                         fl := ~                              µfl := fl                       crt1 == ~
                                    100                                                               100

                         fi := 20                             µfi := fi                       crfi := ~
                                    100                                                               100

                                    20                                                                    10
                         fc := -                              µfc := fc                       crfc := -
                                    100                                                               100

                                    10000                                                              1000
                         fl. := - -                           µfl. := fl.                     crfl. := - -
                                     1010                                                              101 0


                                              s-fp -ne-fl -fi.fc .fl.              - = 3500

Table 1. Input values (i.e. mean values and standard devi ations) for the seven Drake uni fo rm random variables D;.
The fi rst column on the left lists the seven input sheer numbers that al so become the mean values (middle co lumn).
Finally the last column on the right lists the seven input standard dev iations. The bottom line is the cl assical Drake
equation ( 1).

     3.2 STEP 6: COMPUTING THE LOGS
         OF THE 7 UNIFORMY                                                  So, if we have a unifo rml y di stributed random
         DISTRIB UTED DRAKE RANDOM                                          variable D; with lower limit a;and upper limit b;, the
         VARIABLES D;                                                       random variable

    Intuiti vely speakiJ1g, the natural log of a                                             Y; =ln(D;) i = l,...,7                (23)
unifonnly disuibuted random vari able may not be
another uniforml y distributed random variable! This                        must have its range limited in between the lower limit
is obvious fro m the tri vial diagram of y = ln (x)                         l11 (a;) and the upper limi t ln(b,). In other words, this
shown below:                                                                are the lower and upper limits of the relevant
                                                                            probability density functio n fr; (y). But what is the
                       Natural logarithm of x
                                                                            actual analytic expression of such a pdf/ . To find it,
                                                                            we must resort to the general transformation law for
                                                                            random variables, defined by equation (9). Here we
                                                      -                     obviously have
                    _,,,,,,,,_,,.

             r
                                    ~


                                                                                                y = g(x) =ln(x)                    (24)

                                                                            That, upon inversion, yields the single root

                                                                                                                                   (25)
                           2       3        4             5
                  POSITIVE independent variable x
                                                                            On the other hand, differentiating (24) one gets
         Figure 1. The simple function y = ln (x).


35
                         UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i QNls¥
                                   UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

                                                                          In order to find the variance also, we must first
                                                                       compute the mean value of the square of Y;, that is


where (25) was already used in the last step. By                       ( Y;2) = J.in(b.) y 2 ·fry{ .)     J.!n(/J.) y2 •e Y
                                                                                                      dy=          - - dy
virtue of the uniform probability density function                               h1(<1;)       '           !n(a;) b; - Cl;
(I 0) and of (26), the general transformation law (9)
finally yields
                                                                       = b; ~ 2 (b; )- 21n(b; )+ 2] - a; [ln 2 (a; )- 2ln(a; )+ 2)
                                                                                                 b; - a;
                                                                                                                                  ... (32)

                                                                       The variance of Y; = ln(D;) is now given by (32)
                                                                       minus the square of (31) , that, after a few reductions,
1n other words, the requested pdf of Y; is                             yield:

                eY                      ,--,---,,-----,-.,..,                 a 2 - a2               .b.[ln(b,.)- ln(a ,.)]2
                                                                                              _ 1 _ a, ,
fr, (y) = - - i = l, ...,7              lm(a;) :,;y:,;in(b;)I (28)              r, -   In(o,) -              (b; _ a;)2             (33)
         b; - a;                        •                   •


Probability density functions of the natural logs of                   Whence the corresponding standard deviation
all the uniformly distributed Drake random
variables D; .
                                                                                                  1 _ a;b;   [in(b;)- in(a;)] 2     (34)
     This is indeed a positive function of y over the                                                         (b; - a;)2
interval !n(a;):,; y:,; ln(b;) , as for every pdf, and it is
easy to see that its normalization condition is                            Let us now turn to another topic: the use of
fulfilled:                                                             Fourier transforms, that, in probability theory, are
                                                                       called "characteristic functions," Following again the
                                                                       notations of Papouli s (ref. [5]) we call "characteristic
                                                                       function", <Dy, (s) , of an assigned probability
                                                                       distribution Y; , the Fourier transform of the relevant
                                                            ... (29)   probability density function, that is (with j = ~ )

     Next we want to find the mean value and
standard deviation of Y; , since these play a crucial
role for future developments. The mean value (Y;) is
given by                                                               The use of characteristic functions simplifies things
                                                                       greatly. For instance, the calculation of all moments
            !n(b;)           ( )     s.•n(b;) y,e Y                    of a known pdf becomes trivial if the relevant
(Y.) = J.            Y· fr y dy =           - - dy                     characteristic function is known, and greatly
  1
          Jn(a,)         '            !n(a,)b; -a;
                                                                       simplified also are the proofs of important theorems
                                                                       of statistics, like the Central Limit Theorem that we
        b; [in(b; )-1]- a,-[in(a; )-1]                                 will use in Section 4. Another important result is that
      = --'-''----''--'--'--=--'-"-"--'-'---=                   (30)
                                                                       the characteristic function of the sum of a finite
                                                                       number of independent random variables is simply
This is thus the mean value of the natural log of all                  given by the product of the corresponding
the uniformly distributed Drake random variables                       characteristic functions. This is just the case we are
D;                                                                     facing in the Statistical Drake equation (3) and so we
                                                                       are now led to find the characteristic function of the
                                                                       random variable Y; , i.e.


36
                                                                ,
                                   UNCLASSIFIED/ 'FOA OFlilCI0 I. P!SE ON! X
                               UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                                        This author regrets that he was unable to compute the
                                                                        last integral analytically. He had to compute it
                                                                        numerically for the particular values of the 14 a; and
                                                                        b; that follow from Table 1 and equations 17. The
                                                                        result was the probability density function for Y =
                                                                 (36)
                                                                        ln(N) plotted in the following Figure 2.

Thus, the characteristic function of the natural log                    ...>- 0.4PROB. DENSITY FUNCTION OF Y=ln(N)
                                                                         0
ofthe Drake uniform random variable D; is given by                       C
                                                                          0
                                                                        ·.:::,
                                                                         Q
                                                                                 0.3


                                                                                                              ,•I ' \\
                                                                        ..2
                                                                        -f 0.2                                        /
                                                                         ii
                                                                        "'
                                                                        ~        0.1
                                                                        :z;                         ~I....-
     3.3 STEP 7: FINDING THE                                            ..8
                                                                         e
                                                                        ll,
                                                                                   OO   I   2   3     4       5   6       7   8   9 10 11 12
         PROBABILITY DENSITY                                                                Independent variable Y = ln(N)
         FUNCTION OF N, BUT ONLY
         NUMERICALLY NOT
         ANALYTICALLY                                                   Figure 2. Probability density function of Y = ln(N)
                                                                        computed numericaJly by virtue of the integral (39).
   Having found the characteristic functions                            The two "funny gaps" in the curve are due to the
<l>y/s) of the logs of the seven input random                           numeric limitations in the MathCad numeric solver
                                                                        that the author used for this numeric computation.
variables D; , we can now immediately find the
characteristic fu □ctio □ of the random variable Y =
                                                                             We are now just one more step from finding the
ln(N) defined by (5). 1n fact, by virtue of (4), of the
                                                                        probability density of N, the number of
well-known Fourier transform property stating that
                                                                        ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations in the Galaxy predicted
"the Fourier transform of a convolution is the product
                                                                        by our Statistical Drake equation (3) . The point here
of the Fourier transforms", and of (37), it
                                                                        is to transfer from the probability density function of
immediately follows that <l>y(() equals the product                     Y to that of N, knowing that Y = ln(N) , or
of the seven Cf> y1 (s):                                                alternatively, that N=exp(Y), as stated by (6). We
                                                                        must thus resort to the transformation law of random
                                                                        variables (9) by setting

                                                                                                                                               (40)

The next step is to invert this Fourier transform in                    This, upon inversion, yields the single root
order to get the probability density function of the
random variable Y = ln(N). In other words, we must                                                                                             (41)
compute the following inverse Fourier transform
                                                                        On the other hand, differentiating (40) one gets

                                                                                                                                               (42)
              -oo
                                                                        where (41) was already used in the last step. The
                                                                        general transformation law (9) finally yields


               oo
        = - 1 fe -i(y IT
          2n - co
                           [    7

                               i= I
                                       bl + )(

                                      (b;
                                            ;_
                                                     i+ j(
                                                   - a;_
                                                 a;)(l+ Js)
                                                             l
                                                            dc;'.(39)


37
                               UNCLASSIFIED/ /EAR AFFJCJA 1 1!SF QN 1 Y
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

This probability density function f N (y) was                       This standard deviation, higher than the mean value,
computed numerically by using (43) and the numeric                  implies that N might range in between 0 and 7453.
curve given by (39), and the result is shown in Figure
3.                                                                      This completes our study of the probability
                                                                    density function of N if the seven uniform Drake
                                                                    input random variable D; have the mean values and
Z 4 ·l 0-4PROBA BILITY DENSITY FUNCTIO OF N                         standard deviations listed in Table I .
.....
 0

.g 3·10-4
 {)
                                                                         We conclude that, unfortunately, even under the
 C:                                                                 simplifying assumptions that the D; be 11nifor111ly
..: 2·10-4                                                          distributed, it is impossible to solve the full problem
·i                                                                  a11alytically, since all calculations beyond equation
~ 1 ·10-4                                                           (38) had to be performed numerically.

                    1000        2000    3000      4000                   This is no good.
             N = umber of ET Civilizations in Galaxy
                                                                    Shall we thus loose faith, and declare "impossible"
Figure 3. The numeric (and not analytic) probability                the task of finding an analytic expression for the
density function curve f N (y) of the number N of                   probability density function f N (y) ?
ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations in the Galaxy according
to the Statistical Drake equation (3). We see that the                   Rather surprisingly, the answer is "no", and there
curve peak (i.e. the mode) is very close to low values              is indeed a way out of this dead-end, as we shall see
of N, but the tail on the right is high, meaning that the           in the next section.
resulting mean value ( N)           is of the order of
thousands.
                                                                    5.   THE CENTRAL LIMIT THEOREM (CLT)
                                                                         OF STATISTICS
     We now want to compute the mean value (N)
                                                                        Indeed there is a good, approximating analytical
of the probability density (43). Clearly, it is given by            expression for ftv (y) , and this is the following
                           00
                                                                    lognormal probability density Junction
                           f
                   (N) = y J,v(y)dy.                        (44)
                           0


This integral too was computed numerically, and the
result was a perfect match with N=3500 of (22), that
is                                                                       To understand why, we must resort to what is
                                                                    perhaps the most beautiful theorem of Statistics :
(N) = 3499.99880 177509 + 0.OOCXX:XH2 4914686i (45)                 the Central Limit Theorem (abbreviated CLT).
                                                                    Historically, the CLT was in fact proven first in
                                                                    190 I by the Russian mathematician Alexandr
Note that this result was computed numerically in the
                                                                    Lyapunov (1857-1918), and later (1920) by the
complex domain because of the Fourier transforms,
                                                                    Finnish mathematician Jar! Waldemar Lindeberg
and that the real part is virtually 3500 (as expected)
                                                                    (1876-1932) under weaker conditions. These
while the imaginary part is virtually zero because of
the rounding errors. So, this result is excellent, and              conditions are certainly fulfilled in the context of
proves that the theory presented so far is                          the Drake equation because of the "reality" of the
mathematically correct.                                             astronomy, biology and sociology involved with it,
                                                                    and we are not going to discuss this point any
     Finally we want to consider the standard                       further here. A good, synthetic description of the
deviation. This also had to be computed numerically,                Central Limit Theorem (CLT) of Statistics is found
resulting in                                                        at the Wikipedia site (ref. (7)) to which the reader
                                                                    is refetTed for more details, such as the equations
uN =3953.42910 143389            +o.cx:x:x:x:x:m 28CXXJ58i . (46)   for the Lyapunov and the Lindeberg conditions,
                                                                    making the theorem "rigorously" valid.


38
                           UNCLASSIFIED/ J'FQA QFFICiIPL. !Iii 011! X
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

     Put in loose terms, the CLT states that, if one            To understand this fact better in mathematical
has a sum of random variables eve11 NOT                    terms consider again of the transformation law (9) of
identically distributed, this sum tends to a normal        random variables. The question is: what is the
distribution whe11 the 11umber of tenns maki11g up         probability density function of the random variable N
the sum te11ds to infinity. Also, the normal               in equation (6), that is, what is the probability density
distribution mean value is the sum of the mean             function of the lognormal distribution? To find it, set
values of the addend random variables, and the
normal distribution variance is the sum of the                                                                            (49)
variances of the addend random variables.
                                                           This, upon inversion, yields the single root
     Let us now write down the equations of the CLT
in the form needed to apply it to our Statistical Drake
equation (3). The idea is to apply the CLT to the sum
                                                                                    x 1(y) =x(y) =!n(y).                  (50)
of random variables given by (4) and (5) whatever
their probability distributions ca11 possibly be. Tn       On the other hand, differentiating (49) one gets
other words, the CLT applied to the Statistical Drake
equation (3) leads immediately to the following three
equations:
     I) The sum of the (arbitrarily distributed)           where (50) was already used in the last step. The
          independent random variables Y; makes up         general transformation law (9) finally yields
          the new random variable Y.
     2) The sum of their mean values makes up the
          new mean value of Y.                                              ( ) "' fx(x;(y)) 1 ( ( ))                     (52)
     3) The sum of their variances makes up the                       fNY= L..J i '(    ()~=-   /ylny •
                                                                                      i   g  11
                                                                                               X; )' ~     y
          new variance of Y.

In equations:                                              Therefore, replacing the probability density on the
                                                           right by virtue of the well-known normal (or
                              7                            Gaussian) distribution given by equation (7), the
                       y =   :~::vi
                             i =I
                                                           lognormal distribution of equation (47) is found , and
                                                           the derivation of the lognormal distribution from the
                              7                            normal distribution is proved.
                     (Y) = I(Y; )                   (48)
                             i=I                               In view of future calculations, it is also useful to
                              7
                                                           point out the so-called "Gaussian integral", that is:
                     O'y2 = "  ' 2,
                            L..Jo-r
                             i= I                                                                 B2

                                                            f"'                       = ~•
                                                                  e - Ax e 8 ·x dx
                                                                                                       ' A> 0 ' B = real. (53)
                                                                        2
                                                                                                e 4A
This completes our synthetic description of the CLT        L.,                            VA
for sw11s of random variables .
                                                           This follows immediately from the normalization
6.   THE LOGNORMAL DISTRIBTIO IS                           condition of the Gaussian (7), that is
     THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE NUMBER
     N OF EXT RATERRESTRIAL                                                    oo                 (x- pf
     CIVILIZATIONS IN THE GALAXY                                                  1   -- ,-
                                                                               J - - e lu· dx=l                           (54)
                                                                                &a-
                                                                               --Oj
                                                                                                '
     The CLT may of course be exte11ded to products
of random variables upon taki11g the logs of both
sides, just as we did in equatio11 (3). It then follows    just upon expanding the square at the exponent and
                                                           making the two replacements (we skip all steps)


                                                                                          l
that the exponent random variable, like Y i11 (6),
tends to a 11ormal random variable, and, as a
co11seque11ce, it follows that the base random                                                l
                                                                                          A= - -2 >0,
variable, like N i11 (6), te11ds to a lognormal random                                          2 a-
variable.                                                                                                                 (55)
                                                                                          B = ; 2 = real.


39
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFIGl.t.k W&i ,n11.¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

     In the sequel of this paper we shall denote the              Upon     setting   k =0      into    (56),      the
independent variable of the lognormal distribution            normalization condition for f N (n) follows
(47) by a lower case letter n to remind the reader that
corresponding random variable N is the positive
integer number of ExtraTerrestriaJ Civilizations in
the Galaxy. In other words, n will be treated as a
positive real number in all calculations to follow
because it is a "large" number (i.e. a continuous                Upon setting k = 1 into (56), the important
variable) compared to the only civilization that we           mean value of the ra11dom variable N is found
know of, i.e. ourselves. In conclusion, from 110w 011
the log11or111al probability density f11nction of N will
be written as                                                                                                     (60)

                              (1n(11}--µ) 2
                                                                   Upon setting k = 2 into (56), the mean value
          ( ) 1    1
        IN n =-· r;:;- e
                         -~
                                              (n~ O)   (56)   of the square of the random variable N is found
              n v2na

    Having so said, we now turn to the statistical                              /N2)
                                                                                \    --e 211 e2a 2 .              (61)
properties of the lognormal distribution (55), i.e. to
the statistical properties that describe the number N
                                                              The variance of N now follows from the last two
of ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations in the Galaxy.
                                                              formulae:
      Our first goal is to prove an equation yielding all
the moments of the lognormal distribution (56), that                                                              (62)
is, for every non-negative integer k = 0, I, 2, . . . one
has                                                           The square root of this is the important standard
                                                              deviation f onnula for the N random variable

                                                       (57)
                                                                                                                  (63)
The relevant proof starts with the definition of the k­
d1 moment                                                         The third moment is obtained upon setting
                                                              k = 3 into (56)


                                                                                                                  (64)

            r  k I     I
          = 0 n •~ • .Ji; a •e
                                   (111[11]-p)'
                                   -~
                                                  dn              Finally, upon setting k = 4, the fourth moment
                                                              of N is found
              One then transforms the above integral by
              virtue of the substitution                                                                          (65)

                              In[n]= z.                (58)       Our next goal is to find the cumulants of N. In
                                                              principle, we could compute all the cumulants K;
              The new integral in z is then seen to
                                                              from the generic i-th moment p; by virtue of the
              reduce to the Gaussian integral (53)
              (we skip all steps here) and (57)               recursion formula (see ref. [8])
              follows

                                                                         K; =A-
                                                                                •
                                                                                    L (ik-1- 1)
                                                                                    i- 1

                                                                                    k=i
                                                                                                         .
                                                                                                  K k f.l11 -k·   (66)


40
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /rOR orrl@IAL HSE O,.LY
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk WliF QPU,¥

In practice, however, here we shall confine                                        E(n) =(1n [n] - ,u)2
ourselves to the computation of the first four                                                                               (74)
                                                                                                2a 2
cumulants only because they only are required to
find the skewness and kurtosis of the distribution.
Then, the first four cumulants in terms of the first    where "E" stands for                          "exponent,"        Upon
four moments read:                                      differentiating this, one gets


                                                                      E' (n) = - 1- •2(In [n] - ,u)· _!_ .                   (75)
                                                                               2a 2                  n

                                                        But the lognormal probability density function (56),
                                                        by virtue of (74), now reads

These equations yield, respectively:
                                                                                                                             (76)

                                                 (68)
                                                        So that its derivative is

                                                 (69)   dfET_Dis1ana,'   (r)                  - e- E(" )E' (n )· n -1 · e- E(")
                                                               dr                   .Ji;a •                       n2

                                                 (70)
                                                                         I  -e- E(")[E'(n)·n +                     i]        (77)
                                                                      = &a.          n2

                                                        Setting this derivative equal to zero means setting
From these we derive the skewness
                                                                                     E '(n) · n+l=O                          (78)

                                                        That is, upon replacing (75),

                                                 (72)                          ~ -(In[n]- µ)+1 = 0.                          (79)
                                                                               a

                                                        Rean-anging, this becomes
and the kurtosis

                                                                                   In[n]- µ+a 2 = 0                          (80)
                                                 (73)   and finally


    Finally, we want to find the mode of the                              I =_ _
                                                                           11 ntJde      11 pcak - e fl e - a '   I          (81)
lognormal probability density function, i.e. the
abscissa of its peak. To do so, we must first           This is the most likely number of ExtraTerrestrial
compute the derivative of the probability density       Civilizations i11 the Galaxy.
function f N (n) of equation (56), and then set it
equal to zero. This derivative is actually the          How likely? To find the value of the probability
derivative of the ratio of two functions of n, as it    density function f N (n) corresponding to this
plainly appears from (57). Thus, let us set for a       value of the mode, we must obviously replace (81)
moment                                                  into (56). After a few rearrangements, one then
                                                        gets


41
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ ;'FOA OlililCil0 L. P!SF ON! Y
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                             (82)
                                                                                         erf(x)= r2 fxe-:-dz
                                                                                                         '                     (85)
                                                                                                   -,/ Ji 0

This is "how likely" the most likely number of
ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations in the Galaxy is, i.e.                  Then, after a few reductions that we skip for the sake
it is the peak height in the lognormal probability                     of brevity, the full equation (83) is turned into
density function f N(n) .
                                                                                                                               (86)
     Next to the mode, the median m (ref. (9)) is one
more stati stical number used to characterize any
probability distribution. It is defined as the
                                                                        that is
independent variable abscissa m such that a
realization of the random variable will take up a
value lower than m with 50% probability or a value                                       e,f[ln(m) -
                                                                                                 ✓2a
                                                                                                           p) 0 ==             (87)
higher than m with 50% probability again. In other
words, the median m splits up our probability
density in exactly two equally probable parts. Since                   Since from the definition (85) one obviously has
the probability of occurrence of the random event                      erf(0)=0, (87) becomes
equals the area under its density curve (i.e. the
definite integral under its density curve) then the                                         ln(m)- µ == 0
median m (of the lognormal distribution, in this                                                                               (88)
                                                                                                ✓2a
case) is defined as the integral upper limit m:
                                                                        whence finally
                                       (111(11 )-,,1)2
     f111 JN(n)dn = f "'_!__
     Jo              Jo n v 2na
                               rd-   e---;;;;r- ==
                                                         2
                                                             (83)                         Irredian = m =e" I.                  (89)

                                                                       This is the median of the lognormal distribution of
In order to find m , we may not differen tiate (83) with               N. In other words, this is the number of
respect to m , since the "precise" factor ½ on the                     ExtraTerrestrial civilizations in the Galaxy such
right would then disappear into a zero. On the                         that, with 50% probability the actual value of N will
contrary, we may try to perform the obvious                            be lower than this median, and with 50% probability
substitution                                                           it will be higher.

                                                                       ln conclusion, we feel useful to summarize all the
                                      zzO                    (84)      equations that we derived about the random variable
                                                                       N in the fo llowing Table 2.

into the integral (83) to reduce it to the following
integral defining the error function erf(z)

                    Random variable                                 N = number of communicating ET civilizations in Galaxy
                 Probability distribution                                                  Lognormal
                                                                                                    (111(11}--p)'
              Probability density function                                           1      1    ---;;;;r-
                                                                              fN(n) =- · ..n,; e                     (n z O)
                                                                                     n     2na
                                                                                                        (T2
                                                                                                       -
                        Mean value                                                        (N) = e" e 2
                         Variance                                                    a 1 = e2" ea2 (ea2       -1)
                                                                                              a'
                    Standard deviation                                               a N =e" e2 .Jea' -1


42
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFfl&IAk Wlii QNls¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


           All the moments, i.e. k-th moment

                                                                                   -             -   JI    -a2
        Mode(= abscissa of the lognormal peak)                             nnnde = npeak -           e e
                                                                                                                    a l

                Value of the Mode Peak                                 f N ( nTIDde ) =      I             - 11     ,
                                                                                           ~          •e          •e -
                                                                                          -,121r a

     Median(= fifty-fifty probability value for N)

                        Skewness


                         Kurtosis

 Expression of µ in terms of the lower (a;) and upper
     (b;) limits of the Drake uniform input random
                        variables D;
 Expression of a 2 in terms of the lower (a;) and upper
    (b;) limits of the Drake uniform input random
                       variables D;

Table 2. Summary of the properties of the lognormal distribution that applies to the random variable N = number of
ET communicating civilizations in the Galaxy .

     We want to complete this section about the               yielding the following numeric varia11ce a 2 to be
lognormal probability density function (56) by                inserted into the lognormal pdf (56)
finding out its numeric values for the inputs to the
Statistical Drake equation (3) listed in Table I.
                                                                                  la2 ,,, 1.938725 1                      (93)
     According to the CLT, the mean value µ to be
inserted into the lognormal density (56) is given             whence the numeric standard deviation a
(according to the second equation (48)) by the sum of
                                                                                   1   a ,,, 1.392381 t-                  (94)
all the mean values (Y;), that is, by virtue of (31 ), by:

                                                                  Upon replacing these two numeric values (84)
                                                              and (86) into the lognormal pdf (56), the latter is
                                                              perfectly determined. It is plotted in Figure 4
                                                              hereafter as the thin curve.

Upon replacing the 14 a; and b; listed in Table 1                  In other words, Figure 4 shows the lognormal
into (90), the following 11umeric mea11 value µ is            distribution for the number N of ExtraTerrestrial
found                                                         Civilizations in the Galaxy derived from the Central
                                                              Limit Theorem as applied to the Drake equation
                    1µ,,,7.462116 1                    (91)   (with the input data listed i11 Table 1).

                                                                    We now like to point out the most important
    Similarly, to get the numeric variance a 2 one            statistical properties of this lognormal pdf:
must resort to the last of equations (48) and to (33):
                                                              1) Mean Value of N. This is given by equation (60)
                                                              with µ and a given by (91) and (94), respectively:
                                                       (92)


43
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIO! !!SF ON! X
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEiIAk Wlii QPU,¥

                                                          5) Median of N. The median (= fifty -fifty abscissa,
             (N) = eµ e 2 "'4589 .559 .            (95)   splitting the pdf in two exactly equi-probable parts)
                                                          of the lognormal distribution of N is given by (89),
                                                          and has the numeric value:
In other words, there are 4590 ET Civilizatio11s in
the Galaxy according the Central Limit Theorem of
Statistics with the inputs of Table 1. This ,mmber                                                             (99)
4590 is HIGHER than the 3500 foreseen by the
classical Drake equation working with sheer               Tn words, assuming the input values listed in Table 1,
numbers only, rather than with probability                we have exactly a 50% probability that the actual
distributions. Thus equation (95) IS GOOD FOR             value of N is lower than 1740, and 50% that it is
NEWS FOR SETI, since it shows that the expected           higher than 1740.
number of ETs is HIGHER with an adequate
statistical treatment than just with the too simple       7. COMPARING THE CLT RESULTS
Drake sheer numbers of (1).                                   WITH THE NON-CLT RESULTS

2) Variance of N. The variance of the Iognormal                The time is now ripe to compare the CLT­
distribution is given by (62) and turns out to be a       based results about the lognormal distribution of N,
huge number:                                              just described in Section 5, against the Non-CLT­
                                                          based results obtained numerically in Section 3.3

                                                               To do so in a simple, visual way, let us plot on
3) Standard deviation of N. The standard deviation        the same diagram two curves:
of the lognormal distribution is given by (63) and             1) The numeric curves appearing in Figure 2
turns out to be:                                                   and obtained after laborious Fourier
                                                                   transform calculations in the complex
                                                                   domain, and
                                                   (97)        2) The lognormal distribution (56) with
                                                                   numeric µ and a given by (91) and (94)
Again, this is GOOD NEWS FOR SETI. In fact,                        respectively.
such a high standard deviation means that N may
range from very low values (zero, theoretically, and      We see that the two curves are virtually coincident
one since Humanity exists) up to tens of thousands        for values of N larger than 1500. This is a
(4590+11195=15785 is (95)+(97)).                          consequence of the law of large numbers, of which
                                                          the CLT is just one ofthe 111a11y facets.
4) Mode of N. The mode (= peak abscissa) of the
lognormal distribution of N is given by (81 ), and has         Similarly it happens for natural log of N, i.e. the
a surprisingly low numeric value:                         random variable Y of (5), that is plotted in Figure 5
                                                          both in its normal curve version (thin curve) and in
                                                          its numeric version, obtained via Fourier transforms
                                                          and already shown in Figure 2.

This is well shown in Figure 4: the mode peak is very          The conclusion is simple: from now 011 we shall
pronounced and close to the origin, but the right tail    discard forever the 1111meric calc11lations a11d we'll
is high, and this means that the mean value of the        stick only to the equations derived by virtue of the
distribution is much higher than the mode:                CLT, i.e. to the lognormal (56) and its
4590»250.                                                 co11seque11ces.


44
                       UNCLASSIFIED//509 OFFICIO! 11SF QN 1 X
                               UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk WliF QPU,¥


                        6 ·10-4


                                              1000             2000                3000         4000
                                           N = Number of ET Civilizations in Galaxy


Figure 4. Comparing the two probability density functions of the random variable N found:
    1) At the end of Section 3.3. in a purely numeric way and without resorting to the CLT at all (thick curve) and
    2) AnalyticaJly by using the CLT and the relevant lognormal approximation (thin curve).

                                      PROBABILITY DENSITY FUNCTION OF Y=ln(N)
                         0.5


               >-
               .....     0.4
                 0
                g
               .B
                         0.3
               .....§
               •~
                5
               "O        0.2
               _q
               ]
                "e
               .D
                         0.1
               0..


                           00        2    3                                                       12
                                                 Independent variable Y = ln(N )


Figure 5. Comparing the two probability density functions of the random variable Y=ln(N) found:
    I) At the end of Section 3.3 . in a purely numeric way and without resorting to the CLTat all (thick curve) and
    2) Analytically by using the CLT and the relevant normal (Gaussian) approximation (thin Gauss ian curve).

8.   DISTANCE OF THE NEAREST                                        and in several web sites, the solution to this
     EXTRA TERRESTRIAL CIVILIZATION                                 problem is reported with only slight differences in
     AS A PROBABILITY DISTRIBUTION                                  the mathematical proofs among the various authors .
                                                                    In the first of the coming two sections (section 7 .1 )
    As an application of the Statistical Drake                      we derive the expression for this "ET_Distance"
Equation developed in the previous sections of this                 (as we like to denote it) in the classical, non­
paper, we now want to consider the problem of                       probabilistic way: in other words, this is the
estimating the distance of the ExtraTerrestrial                     classical, deterministic derivation. In the second
Civilization nearest to us in the Galaxy. In all                    section (7.2) we provide the probabilistic
Astrobiology textbooks (see, for instance, ref. [10))               derivation, arising from our Statistical Drake

45
                               UNCLASSIFIED/}FOA OlililCil0L. 1155 ON!¥
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&Ial.k Wlili QPU,¥

Equation, of the corresponding probability density                               Vcal<Lry = Vo11r_ Sphere
                                                                                                                   (102)
function fET_Di stance(r) : here r is the distance                                 N
between us and the nearest ET civilization
assumed as the independent variable of its own               That is, upon replacing both (100) and (101) into
prob~bility density function. The ensuing sections           (102):
provide more mathematical details about this
.firr_oi stana, (r) such as its mean value, variance,

standard deviation, all central moments, mode,                        1l RJalaxy h =
                                                                                        4    (Er Distance )
                                                                                        3" ---=- 2- -
                                                                                                              3


                                                                                                                   (103)
median, cumulants, skewness and kurtosis .                                   N                          I

   CLASSICAL, NON-PROBABILISTIC                              The only unknown in the last equation is
DERIVATION OF THE DISTANCE OF THE                            ET_Distance, and so we may solve for it, thus
NEAREST ET CIVILIZATION                                      getting the:
                                                             (A VERA GE) DISTANCE BETWEEN ANY PAIR
Consider the Galactic Disk and assume that:                  OF NEIGHBOURING CIVILIZATIONS IN
1) The diameter of the Galaxy is (about) 100,000             THE GALAXY
   light years, (abbreviated ly) i.e. its radius,
    R calaxy• is about 50,000 ly.
                                                                                                    2
2) The thickness of the Galactic Disk at half-way                         .
                                                                      Er Distance _ 11
                                                                                    V6 RGalaxy h     C
                                                                                  -     ,.--;    = -               (104)
   from its center, hcalaxy , is about 16,000 ly.                        -                      tN
                                                                                                1
                                                                                                            ifii
   Then
3) The volume of the Galaxy may be                           where the positive constant C is defined by
   approximated as the volume of the
   corresponding cylinder, i.e.                                   C =3 6 Ria1a.,y h calcuy ""28845 light years . ( l 05)
                               1
                VGal«ry -- 1l RGa/,uy h              (100)
                                                             Equations (104) and (105) are the starting point for
                                                             our first application of the Statistical Drake
4) Now consider the sphere around us having a                equation, that we discuss in detail in the coming
   radius r. The volume of such as sphere is                 sections of this paper.


         VOw·_ Sphere =
                          4
                          31l'
                                 (Er Distance)
                                      2
                                                 3
                                                     (101)
                                                                PROBABILISTIC DERIVATION OF THE
                                                             PROBABILITY DE SITY FUNCTION FOR
                                                             ET_DISTA CE
In the last equation, we had to divide the distance
                                                                  ~he probability density function (pdt) yielding
"ET_Distance" between ourselves and the nearest
                                                             the distance of the ET Civilization nearest to us in
ET Civilization by 2 because we are now going to
                                                             the Galaxy and pre ented in this section, was
make the unwarranted assumption that all ET
                                                             discovered by this author on September 5 th ' 2007.
Civilizations are equally space from each other in
                                                             He did not disclose it to other scientists until the
the Galaxy! This is a crazy assumption, clearly,
                                                             SETI meeting run by the famous mathematical
and should be replaced by more scientifically­
                                                             physicist and popular science author, Paul Davies,
grounded assumptions as soon as we know more
                                                             at the "Beyond" Center of the University of
about our Galactic Neighbourhood. At the moment,
                                                             Arizona at Phoenix, on February 5-6-7-8, 2008.
however, this is the best guess that we can make,
                                                             This meeting was also attended by SETI Institute
and so we shall take it for granted, although we are
                                                             experts Jill Tarter, Seth Shostak, Doug Vakoch,
aware that this is weak point in the reasoning.
                                                             Tom Pierson and others. During this author's talk,
                                                             Paul Davies suggested to call "the Maccone
    Having thus assumed that ET Civilizations
                                                             distribution" the new probability density function
are UNIFORMLY SPACED IN THE GALAXY
we can write down this proportion:          '                that yields the ET_Distance and is derived in this
                                                             section.


46
                          UNCLASSIFIED/ ffOR OFFI&Ial.L Wlili QPII..¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

     Let us go back to equation (104). Since N is
now a random variable (obeying the lognorma1                                                                                           (111)
distribution), it foll ows that the ET_Distance must
be a random variable as well. Hence it must have
some unknown probability density function that                 Upon replacing (111) into (9), we then find
we denote by

                      f ET_Di stana, (r)               (106)

where r is the new independent variable of such a
probability distribution (it is denoted by r to
remind the reader that it expresses the three­                 This is the denominator of (9) . The numerator
dimensional radial distance separating us from the             simply is the lognormal probability density
nearest ET civilization in a full spherical symmetry           function (56) where the old independent variable x
of the space around us).                                       must now be re-written in terms of the new
                                                               independent variable y by virtue of (109). By
    The question then is: what is the unknown                  doing so, we finally an-ive at the new probability
probability distribution (106) of the ET_Distance?
                                                               density function f y (y)
We can answer this question upon making the two
formal substitutions

                           N➔ x
                 {                                     (107)
                     Er_distance ➔ y

into the transformation law (8) for random
variables. As a consequence, ( I04) takes form                    Rearranging and replacing y by r, the final form
                                                               is:
                                                   I
                              C                -
              y = g(x) = -,- = C • x 3 .               (108)
                             v;;                                                                                    (In[~]-11]     2


                                                                                           3          1         -      2u'
                                                                      f ET_d istana, (r) = -   • ~2        •e                          (113)
In order to find the unknown probability density                                           r 'I/ L.Jr a-
 f ET_Di stru,., (r) , we now to apply the rule (9) to

(108). First, notice that (108), when inverted to              Now, just replace C in ( 113) by virtue of ( 105).
yield the various roots x; (y), yields a single real           Then:
root only
                                                               We have discovered the probability density
                                                       (109)   function yielding the probability of finding the
                                                               nearest ExtraTerrestrial Civilization in the
                                                               Galaxy in the spherical shell      between the
Then, the summation in (9) reduces to one term                 distances r and r+dr from Earth:
only.
Second, differentiating (108) one finds
                                                                                                           (,{ 6 Ri.t11a~~ hc 1a.Q}l'r
                                                                                                                                   0

                                           4
                            C --
                  g ' (x) =-- ·x 3 .                   (110)                          3        l                          2 0- l
                                3                              fET_Di stanaJr)=-·          ~
                                                                                            2      ·e
                                                                                      r   "1.,1r a

Thus, the relevant absolute value reads                                                                                                (114)
                                                               holding for r .:: 0 .

                                                                  STATISTICAL PROPERTIES OF THIS
                                                               DISTRIBUTION

47
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR &FFIGIAk lalii ODIL:¥
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

                                                                   Upon setting k = l into (117), the important
     We now want to study this probability                    mean val11e of the random variable ET_Distance
distribution in detail. Our next questions are:               isfo1111d
     l) What is its mean value?
     2) What are its variance and standard                                                             f.-l   az
         deviation?                                                         (Ef_Distance) =C e3 e18 .                   (119)
     3) What are its moments to any higher order?
     4) What are its cumulants?
                                                              Upon setting k = 2 into (l 17), the mean value of
     5) What are its skewness and kurtosis?
                                                              the square of the random variable ET_Distance is
     6) What are the coordinates of its peak, i.e.
                                                              found
          the mode (peak abscissa) and its ordinate?
     7) What is its median?
                                                                                                  -2p 2 2      -   (1
                                                                         ( Ef_Distance 2 ) = C 2 e 3 e 9                (120)
    The first three points in the list are all covered
by the following theorem: all the moments of ( 113)
are given by (here k is the generic and non­                  The variance of ET_Distance now follows from
negative integer exponent, i.e. k = 0, I, 2, 3,... ~ 0)       the last two formulae with a few reductions:


     (Er_Distance*) =    f'/ ·   f ET_Distana,(r)dr
                                                              CT~T_Distan"' = (Ef_Distance 2 )- (Ef_Distance) 2

                                 (1n[~ ]-µ  r
                                               dr                                                                       (121)
        =fr*-r~(T -e


                                                              So, the variance ofET_Distance is
                                                      (115)

To prove this result, one first transforms the above                                                                    (122)
integral by virtue of the substitution


                                                      (116)       The square root of this is the important
                                                              standard deviation of the ET_Distance random
                                                              variable
Then the new integral in z is then seen to reduce to
the known Gaussian integral (53) and, after several                                       _f!_   (11     ,-;i--
reductions that we skip for the sake of brevity,                         (TET_Di S(ana, =C e 3 e• 8 ~e 9 -1 .           (123)
(115) follows from (53). In other words, we have
proven that                                                       The third moment is obtained upon setting
                                                              k = 3 into ( 117)
                                     µ      2 (J2

         (Er_Distancek) = Ck e - k 3 / •18 .          (117)                                                    (1 2


                                                                          (Er_Distance 3 ) = C 3 e-p e2                 (124)
    Upon setting k = 0 into (117), the
normalization condition for f ET_Distan"' (r) follows         Finally, upon setting k = 4 into ( 117), the fourth
                                                              moment of ET_Distance is found

                if ET Di stame(r)dr = l .
                 0   -
                                                      (118)
                                                                         (Er_Distance 4 )=C 4 e 3 -µ e9
                                                                                                        4      8 l
                                                                                                                   (1   (125)


48
                         UNCLASSIFIED//POR 9Pfl@IAL H§E 8PUs:¥
                             UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


    Our next goal is to find the cumulants of the
                                                                                                   a
                                                                                                       2
                                                                                        e- P [ e 2 - 3 e 18
                                                                                                               5,,.
                                                                                                                      2
                                                                                                                              a']
                                                                                                                          +2 e 6
ET_Di stance. 1n principle, we could compute all
the cumulants K; from the generic i-th moment
µ; by virtue of the recursion formula (see ref. [8])
                                                                               Sa '
                                                                        C 3 [ e- 9- -4e 9
                                                                                              5a 2            4a2
                                                                                                           -3e 9
                                                                                                                              a2
                                                                                                                      +12 e3 -6e_9_
                                                                                                                                         2a 2   ]2
                                                                                                                                                 3


               K; = JI;
                       '
                           -z:
                            i- 1 ( i -1)

                            k=i   k- 1
                                                   '
                                            Kk J.111 -k ·   (126)
                                                                     and the kurtosis
                                                                                                                                            ... (132)


                                                                                               4 0"2                          2 a2
ln practice, however, here we shall confine                                       K            -
                                                                               (K 24  )2 =e        9        +2e 3         +3e 9 -6 .             (133)
ourselves to the computation of the fust four
cumulants because they only are required to find
the skewness and kurtosis of the distribution ( 113).
                                                                          Next we want to find the mode of this
Then, the first four cumulants in terms of the first
                                                                     distribution, i.e. the abscissa of its peak. To do so,
four moments read:
                                                                     we must fust compute the derivative of the
                                                                     probability density function fET_Oistame(r) of (113),
                                                                     and then set it equal to zero. This derivative is
                                                                     actually the derivative of the ratio of two functions
                                                                     of r, as its plainly appears from (113). Thus, let us
                                                                     set for a moment


These equations yield, respectively:

                                  _!!_    a 2                                                                                                    (134)
                       K .=Ce3el8_                          (128)

                                                                     where "E" stands                         for         "exponent,"           Upon
                                                            (129)    differentiating,
                                                                     one gets


                                                            (130)


                                                            (13 1)               1 •[ln[£.] - µ)·(- 3).!..
                                                                             = -c,2                                                              (135)
                                                                                        ,-3            ,.
        4p [     sa2        5a2          4a 2         a'    2a']
= C 4 e- 3     e- 9- -4 e- 9- - 3e_9_ + 12 e 3 - 6e_9_
                                                                     But the probability density function (113) now
                                                                     reads

                                                                                                                      3      e-E(r)
From these we derive the skewness                                                  fET Di stana:(r)=               ~        ·- -                 (136)
                                                                                         -                     ..,;2,rc,           r


                                                                     So that its derivative is

                                                                      dfET_Di siana:,   (r)            3       -e - E(r) E' (r)· r-1 · e- E(r)
                                                                             dr               = &a.                                ,.2


49
                             UNCLASSIFIED// POil OFFI@IAb W&I! 91'11.¥
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

                3       -e-£(,-) [E '(,}r+l]                                                                 ... (144)
                                                    (137)
              .Ji;a .             ,.2                       This is the peak height in the pdf f ET_Dist"""' (r) •


Setting this derivative equal to zero means setting              Next to the mode, the median m (ref. [9]) is one
                                                            more statistical number used to characterize any
                     E'(r)·r+l=O                    (138)
                                                            probability distribution. It is defined as the
                                                            independent variable abscissa m such that a
That is, upon replacing (l 35) into (138), we get           realization of the random variable will take up a
                                                            value lower than m with 50% probability or a value
                                                            higher than m with 50% probability again. In other
                                                            words, the median m splits up our probability
                                                            density in exactly two equally probable parts. Since
                                                            the probability of occurrence of the random event
Rearranging, this becomes                                   equals the area under its density curve (i.e. the
                                                            definite integral under its density curve) then the
                                                            median m (of the lognormal distribution, in this
                                                            case) is defined as the integral upper limit m:

                                                                             J,"' fET Distanu,(r)dr=-I          (145)
that is                                                                       0     -               2

                                                    (141)   Upon replacing ( 113), this becomes


whence
                                                                                                                (146)
                                                                                                         2
                    In[£] = !!_+ i!_                (142)
                        r     3         9
                                                            In order to find m, we may not differentiate ( 146)
                                                            with respect to m, since the "precise" factor ½ on the
and finally
                                                            right would then disappear into a zero. On the
                                                            contrary, we may try to perform the obvious
                                   _!:!_    0'"2
                                                            substitution
              r;mde"',.peak=Ce 3e            9      (143)

 This is the most likely ET_Distance/rom Earth.
                                                                                                                (147)
How likely?
To find the value of the probability density
function f ET_Disim,"' (r) corresponding to this value      into the integral (146) to reduce it to the following
of the mode, we must obviously replace () into ().          integral (85) defining the error function erf(z). Then,
After a few rearrangements, which we skip for the           after a few reductions that we leave to the reader as
sake of brevity, one gets                                   an exercise, the full equation (145), defining the
                                                            median, is turned into the corresponding equation
                                                            involving the error function erj{x) as defined by (85):


  Peak Value of fET_Distana,(r) = fET_Distana,( 1rroctcl


50
                        UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFI&IAk Wlii ,un.¥
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                                ET_Distance between any two neighboring ET
                   Random variable                         Civilizations in Galaxy assuming they are UNIFORMLY
                                                               distributed throughout the whole Galaxy volume.
                Probability distribution                   Unnamed (Paul Davies suggested "Maccone distribution")

                                                                                                                              ( in[ 6 ~""';i''G• 1•"t]- 11J
             Probability density function                                                3                  1                                       2cr 2
                                                               f ET Di stana,(r) = - •           .{i; •e
                                                                   -                r                    21t O"

      (Defining the positive numeric constant C)                    C = V6 /iJ,a/a.,y hGa/a.,y                       ~ 28845 light years
                                                                                                                                        µ        <,2

                                                                                 (Er_Distance) = C e- 3 e18

                                                                                                                                                                  l
                      Mean value


                       Variance
                                                                           2                     -          2       -32 ;, <9,2 [ 9<,2
                                                                        O"ET_Distana: - C e                                  e              e           -1


                                                                                                                    _f!_U2["S2
                  Standard deviation                                                                 -                3       18                 9 _
                                                                          O"ET_Distano, - Ce                              e                 e                 I
                                                                                                                                                    ,, a 2
                                                                                                                                 - kl!.           k··-
          All the moments, i.e. k-th moment                              (Er_Distancek) = C k e                                         3 e           18


                                                                                                                             _!!_
                                                                                                                                        --u'
 Mode(= abscissa of the probability density function                              rITDde = rpeak = Ce 3 e
                                                                                                          9
                       peak)
                                                                           Peak Value of fET_Di stru,.,(r) =
                                                                                                                                                                  <,2
               Value of the Mode Peak                                                                                                                   1!.       -
                                                                    = f ET Distanre ( ,-rmdc) =                            3
                                                                                                                          -&      · e 3 • e 18
                                                                            -                                         C    21r O"
                                                                                                                                    _!:!.
Median (=       fifty-fifty   probability   value    for
ET Distance)


                       Skewness                            _!S_ =
                                                                                        rredian = m = Ce 3

                                                                                                            u
                                                                                            [ 2 - 3e· 8 +2e 6
                                                                                         e-µe
                                                                                                                2
                                                                                                                              5a
                                                                                                                                    2
                                                                                                                                                        a
                                                                                                                                                            2
                                                                                                                                                                  l
                                                               3
                                                           (K4 }2
                                                                      C 3 [ e- 9-
                                                                                 8a 2       5a 1   4u 2
                                                                                        -4e _9_ -3e_9_ +12 e
                                                                                                             o- 2     2u2
                                                                                                                  -6e _9_                               3
                                                                                                                                                                        ]2
                                                                                                                                                                        3


                                                                                             4 0"2                    <, 2                      2 0"2
                                                                          K4                 -                        -                     -
                        Kurtosis                                                                 9          + 2e 3            +3e 9                         -6
                                                                        (Ki)2           =e

 Expression of pin terms of the lower (a;) and upper                J.l= I(Y;)= Ib;[ln(b;) - 1] - a;[In(a;) - 1]
     (b;) limits of the Drake uniform input random                       i= I                i= I                             b; - a;
                      variables D;
                                                                                 7                    7
Expression of 0" 2 in terms of the lower (a;) and upper                                                             a;b;[In(b; ) - In(a; )]2
                                                                     O" 2 = I           2 =I
                                                                                      O"y,                  I-
   (b;) limits of the Drake uniform input random                                                                                 (b; - a; )2
                                                                                i=i                  i= i
                      variables D;

Table 3. Summary of the properties of the probability distribution that applies to the random variable ET _Distance
yielding the (average) distance between any two neighboring communicating civilizations in the Galaxy.


51
                       UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOA OlililCI0 I. P!SE ON! X
                         UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥


                                                                 This is the median of the lognormal distribution of
                                                  (148)          N. Ill other words, this is the number of
                                                                 ExtraTerrestrial civilizatio11s i11 the Galaxy such
                                                                 that, with 50% probability the actual value of N will
                                                                 be lower tha11 this median, and with 50% probability
that is                                                          it will be higher.
                                                                  In conclusion, we feel useful to summarize all the
                                                                  equations that we derived about the random variable
                                                  (149)
                                                                  N in the following Table 2.

                                                                     NUMERICAL EXAMPLE OF THE
                                                                  ET_DISTANCE DISTRIBUTION

Since from the definition (147) one obviously has                      ln this section we provide a numerical
erf(0)=0, (149) yields                                            example of the analytic calculations carried on so
                                                                  far.

                                                                      Consider the Drake Equation values reported
                                                  (150)           in Table 1. Then, the graph of the corresponding
                                                                  probability density function of the nearest
whence finally                                                    ET_Distance, f ET_Distan"' (r), is shown in Figure 6.


                 I median= m= Ce-~ 1.             (151)


                                         DISTANCE OF NEAREST Er_CIVILIZA TION
                 5.63·10-20


                                500     I000   I500   2000     2500     3000     3500   4000   4500   5000
                                               ET_ Distance from Earth (ligJ,t years)


Figure 6. This is the probability of finding the nearest ExtraTerrestrial Civilization at the distance r from
Earth (in light years) if the values assumed in the Drake Equation are those shown in Table I. The relevant
probability density function f ET_Distano:Cr) is given by equation (113). Its mode (peak abscissa) equals 1933
light years, but its mean value is higher since the curve has a high tail on the right: the mean value equals in


52
                         UNCLASSIFIED/fFQA QFFICiIPL. PP&i ODI! Y
                                  UNCLASSIFIED/ /fOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPU,¥

fact 2670 light years. Finally, the standard deviation equals 1309 light years: THIS IS GOOD NEWS FOR
SETI, inasmuch as the nearest ET Civilization might lie at just 1 sigma 2670-1309 1361 light years     =             =
from us.


     From Figure 6, we see that the probability of                             given by the integral of fET_Distana, (r) taken in
finding ExtraTenestrials is practically zero up to a                           between these two lower and upper limits, that is:
distance of about 500 light years from Earth. Then
it starts increasing with the increasing distance
from Earth, and reaches its maximum at                                              i39791ightyears

                                                                                     136 llightyears
                                                                                                       /ET Distana,(r)dr~0.75 = 75 % (155)
                                                                                                           -

                           _fl_          ,?-
                                                                               In plain words: with 75% probability, the nearest
  rrmde = rpeak = Ce 3 e                 9     ~1933 light years. (152)
                                                                               ExtraTerrestrial civilization is located in between
                                                                               the distances of 1361 and 3979 light years from us,
     This is the MOST LIKELY VALUE of the                                      having assumed the input values to the Drake
distance at which we can expect to fi11d the                                   Equation given by Table 1. If we change those
nearest ExtraTerrestrial civilization.                                         input values, then all the numbers change again.

    It is not, however, the mean value of the                                  9.   THE "DATA ENRICHMENT
probability distribution (113) for .feT_Distana,(r) . In                            PRINCIPLE" AS THE BEST CL T
fact, the probability density (] l 3) has an infinite                               CONSEQUENCE UPON THE
tail on the right, as clearly shown in Figure 6, and                                STATISTICAL DRAKE EQUATION
hence its mean value must be higher than its peak                                   (ANY NUMBER OF FACTORS
value. As given by ( 119), its mean value is                                        ALLOWED)

                          _!!_     0"2                                             As a fitting climax to all the statistical
   r,11ea11 l'alue =C e     3 e 18 ~ 2670           light years.     (153)     equations developed so far, let us now state our
                                                                               "DATA ENRICHMENT PRINCIPLE," It simply states that
                                                                                "The Higher the Number of Factors in the
    This is the MEAN (value of the) DISTANCE
                                                                               Statistical Drake equation, The Better,"
at which we can expect to find ExtraTerrestrials.
                                                                                    Put in this simple way, it simply looks like a
After having found the above two distances (1933
                                                                               new way of saying that the CLT lets the random
and 2670 light years, respectively) , the next natural
                                                                               variable Y approach the nonnal distribution when
question that arises is: "what is the range, forth and
                                                                               the number of terms in the sum (4) approaches
back around the mean value of the distance, within
                                                                               infinity. And this is the case, indeed. However, our
which we can expect to find ExtraTenestrials with
                                                                               "Data Enrichment Principle" has more profound
"the highest hopes ?," The answer to this question
                                                                               methodological consequences that we cannot
is given by the notion of standard deviation, that
                                                                               explain now, but hope to describe more precisely
we already found to be given by (123)
                                                                               in one or more coming papers.

                     _fl_        0"2     ~                                                             CONCLUSIONS
(TET_Dislana, = Ce 3 e 18              Ve 9 - 1 ~1309 light years.
                                                                   ... (154)       We have sought to extend the classical Drake
                                                                               equation to let it encompass Statistics and
More precisely, this is the so called I-sigma                                  Probability.
(distance) level. Probability theory then shows that
the nearest ExtraTenestrial civilization is expected                               This approach appears to pave the way to
to be located within this range, i.e. within the two                           future, more profound investigations intended not
distances of (2670-1309) = 1361 light years and                                only to associate "enor bars" to each factor in the
(2670+ 1309) = 3979 light years, with probability                              Drake equation, but especially to increase the
                                                                               number of factors themselves. In fact, thi s seems to
                                                                               be the only way to incorporate into the Drake

53
                                  UNCLASSIFIED/ ffOR OFFI&IAk Wlii QPII.¥
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FO R OFFIEil.t. k W&i Q~lls¥

equation more and more new scientific information       interplay between experimental and theoretical
as soon as it becomes available. In the long run,       SETI. But the greatest "thanks" goes of course to
the Statistical Drake equation might just become a      the Teacher to all of us: Professor Frank D. Drake,
huge computer code, growing up in size and              whose equation opened a new way of thinking
especially in the depth of the scientific information   about the past and the future of Human in the
it contained. It would thus be Humanity's fast          Galaxy.
"Encyclopaedia Galactica,"
     Unfortunately, to extend the Drake equation to                       REFERE CES
Statistics, it was necessary to use a mathematical
apparatus that is more sophisticated than just the      [I] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake equation
simple product of seven numbers.                        [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SETI
                                                        [3] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Astrobiology
      When this author had the honour and privilege     [4] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank Drake
to present his results at the SETI Institute on April   l5J Athanasios Papoulis and S. Unnikrishna Pillai,
 lJlh, 2008, in front of an audjence also including         "Probability, Random Variables and Stochastic
Professor Frank Drake, he felt he had to add these          Processes", Fourth Edition, Tata McGraw-Hill,
words: " My apologies, Frank, for disrupting the              ew Delhi, 2002, ISBN 0-07-048658-l.
beautiful simplicity of your equation,"                 [6) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamma distribution
                                                        [7]
                                                             http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central limit theore
           ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
                                                             ill
                                                        [8] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumulants
    The author is grateful to Drs. Jill Tarter, Paul
                                                        (9) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median
Davies, Seth Shostak, Doug Vakoch, Tom Pierson,         [ I0]Jeffrey Bennett and Seth Shostak, "Life in the
Carol Oliver, Paul Shuch and Kathryn Denning for             Universe", Second Edition, Pearson - Addison­
attending his first presentation ever about these            Wesley, San Francisco, 2007, ISBN 0-8053-
topics at the "Beyond" Center of the University of           4753-4. See in particular page 404.
Arizona at Phoenix on February 8th , 2008. He also
would like to thank Dan Werthi.mer and rus School
of SETI young experts for keeping alive the


54
                      UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR 8FFI&l.t.k Wii ,>DIis¥
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i Q~lls¥


References
[1] Benford, Gregory, Jim and Dominic, "Cost Optimized Interstellar Beacons: SETI",
arXiv.org web site (22 Oct. 2008).

[2] Carl Sagan, "Cosmos", Random House, New York, 1983. See in particular the pages
298-302.

[3] Bennet, Jeffrey, and Shostak, Seth, "Life in the Universe", second edition, Pearson -
Addison Wesley, San Francisco, 2007. See in particular page 404.

[ 4] C. Maccone, "The Statistical Drake Equation", paper #IAC-08-A4.1.4 presented on
October 1st , 2008, at the 59 th International Astronautical Congress (IAC) held in
Glasgow, Scotland, UK, September 29 th thru October 3rd , 2008.


55
                 UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIEil.t.k W&i QNls¥
