{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T04:57:17Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 887936, "source_ctime_ns": 1790793793144537288, "source_file": "DPIArchive/documents/130658-dow-uap-d110-aawsap-statement-of-objectives-july-18-2008-pdf.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790793792971143630, "source_rel": "DPIArchive/documents/130658-dow-uap-d110-aawsap-statement-of-objectives-july-18-2008-pdf.pdf", "source_sha256": "e4f6eff0ec5c6a35e5832d4ae881ddad68c148650df77d447064c7180fafe056"}

STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES
                             FOR THE
       ADVANCED AEROSPACE WEAPON SY~'TEM APPLICATIONS PROGRAM
                                                 18 July 2008
                                                   PAN:#


1. BACKGROUND: The Acquisition Support Division (DWO-3) of the Defonse Intelligence
Agency (DIA) has the responsibility to provide guidance and oversight to the Department of
Defense (DoD) acquisition process along with leveraging the DoD Intelligence Community to
coordinate, produce and maintain projections of the future threat environment in which U.S. air,
naval, ground, space, missile defense and infonnat:ion systems operate. In order to accurately
assess the foreign threat to U.S. weapon systems, a complete as possible understanding of potential
breakthrough technology applications employed in future aerospace weapon systems must be
obtained.

2. OBJECTIVE: One aspect of the future threat environment involves advanced aerospace
weapon system applications. The objective of this program is to understand the physics and
engineering of these applications as they apply to the foreign threat out to the far term, i.e., from
now through the year 2050. Primary focus is on breakthrough technologies and applications that
create discontinuities in currently evolving technology trends. The focus is not on extrapolations
of current aerospace technology. The proposal shall describe a technical approach which
discusses how the breakthrough technologies and applications listed below would be studied
and include proposed key personnel that have experience in those areas.

3. REQUIRRMENTS:

   a) The contractor shall e-0mplete advanced aerospace weapon system technical studies in the
   following areas:

     1. lift
     2. propulsion
     3. control
     4. power generation
     5. spatial/temporal translation
     6. materials
     7. configuration, structure
    8. signature reduction (optical, infrared,
            radiofrequency, acoustic)
    9. human interface
     I0. human effects
     11. annamcnt (RF and DE\V)
     12. other peripheral area,:; in support of(1-11)
   h) It is expected that numerous experts with extensive experience (minimum of 10 years) in
   breakthrough aerospace research and development will be required to meet the demands of
   the above program. The offeror should clearly identify their approach to obtaining the
   services of and their utilization of these scientific and technical experts. Management
   personnel must include a lead integrator to oversee the work ofthe various analytical teams, and to
   integrate their findings into final coherent product~. At least one member of each analytical team
   must have a PhD, although that member c.an be on several teams. A technical plan for
   conducting the advanced aerospace weapon system studies described above must be included
   in the offeror's proposal.

   (c) Offeror must be able to produce integrated finished assessments in each of the above
   advanced aerospace weapon system technical areas. Finished reports and presentations,
   while highly analytical and technical, must be in a format suitable for dissemination at the
   highest levels of the federal government. fn addition to the main technical section of each
   assessment, an executive summary utilizing clearly understandable (non-technical)
   language must also be contained in each report.

   (d) To assess relevant experience, offerers shall submit at least three (3) references, including a
   POC name and phone number, vvith a brief description of the business relationship with the
   Government or other corporations. In addition, offerors should provide examples, conducted
   within the past 7 years, of having performed, as a prime contractor, the analysis. design,
   construction, and flight testing of high performance aircraft and/or satellites. Success in this
   program is dependent upon this capability and experience.

4. PLACE OF PERFORMA'.'ICE: The work under this contract shall be performed at the
Contractor's facility.

5. SECURITY REQUIREMENT: Contractor company and personnel proposed shall be
clcarablc and able to obtain a security and facility clearance upon award of the contract. All
requirements specified in this SOO may be based on materials classified at or below Top Secret \\1th
access to Sensitive Compartmented Infonnation (TS/ SCI). The contractor shall comply with the tenns
and conditions ofthe DD-254 BEFORE initiating any classified effort. The contractor shall notify the
COR and Contracting Officer immediately upon the detennination that higher classification
requirements exist in order to accomplish the specified requirements. The contractor shall ensure that
each individual ac.signed to this contract shall be identified, cleared, and approved through DIA/DAC-3
PRIOR to granting that individual access to, or authority to generate classified infonnation in
association with this effort.

5.1. Contractor shall provide a work facility (including unclassified information systems) with a
Top Secret Facility Clearance granted by the Defense Security Service (DSS). Cleared facilities are
not required at contract inception. Offoror must provide personnel eligible for a Top Secret
clearance level with fo.rther eligibility for SCI access. At least n.vo personnel cleared at the Secret
level are required at contract inception.

6. GOVERNMENT FURNISHF:O PROPERTY/EQUIPMENT: The Government will
provide the contractor access to computers and peripherals such as printers as the Government
deems necessary to access and produce classified infonnation. These computers and peripherals
remain the property of the Government.


                                                                                                     2
7. GOVER."lMENT FURNISHED INFORMATION/DATA: Data required by the contractor
to fulfill the tenns of this contract shall be requested from the Government Project Lead (GPL).
A good faith effort will be made to fulfill any legitimate request (as assessed by the GPL),
however, the responsibility to collect information and data necessary for the conduct of this
etfort remains with the contractor. Any classified data provided by the Government in support of
this contract will remain the property of the Government and will be returned to the government
not more than 30 days after contract conclusion.

8. CONTRACTOR ACQUIRED/ GOVERNMENT OWNED PROPERTY:
Any accountable property acquired by the contractor with government funds during the
execution of this contract shall hecome government owned property. The contractor shall obtain
""-Titten permission from the CO or Contracting Officer Representative (COR) prior to any
purchase of real property with government funds. The contractor shall establish and maintain an
inventory of all such property. This property must he inventoried and returned to the
government not more than 60 days after the end of the contract.

9. RQl'IPMENT LEASE OR PURCHASE:
The purchase of equipment is preferred, however, it may be more advantageous to the
government to lease in certain circumstances. When it is contemplated a lease would be more
advantageous to the government, contractor shall furnish the following information to the COR
so the government can determine the best solution:
        1.   Estimated length of time the equipment will be used and the extent of use within
             that period
        2.   Financial and operating advantages of alternative types and makes of equipment
        3.   Cumulative rental payments for the estimated period of use
        4.   Net purchase price
        5.   Transportation and instalJation costs
        6.   Maintenance and other service costs

10. TRAVEL: It is anticipated that travel wiU be required for this contract. The Government will
pay up to the rates specified in the government Federal Travel Regulations for travel destination.
Travel reservations will be made by the contractor and will be reimbursed for actual costs only,
with supporting documentation/receipts attached to the invoice.

I1. DELIVERABLES: 'lhe contractor shall prepare the following deliverables:
     a Status Reports - monthly reports outlining accomplishments, milestones, and work in progress.
     b. Project Management Plan - For each technical area, the team leoo shall submit, at the 60 day point, an
overview paper identifying the scope ofthe final re)X)(1; a Plan ofAction and Milestones, and the composition
ofthe analytical team.
      c. Research Report.~ For each technical area. a oompreheru,ive report and briefing forecasting potential
advancements and their impact is to be submitted to the GPL by the end of the tenth month. An executive
version ofeach report should also be submitted Fonnat will be specified by the GPL.
     d. Integrated Threat Asscsmient - A final tqx>rt and briefing that assesses the foreign threat from
advanced aerospace platforms incotl)Orating the tedmologies discussed in the individual research reports will be
provided to the GPL a! the end ofthe period ofperformance. An executive version ofthe report should also be
submitted. Fonnat will be specified by the GPL.

     e. Resumes - The Contractor shall submit resumes of all key personnel proposed for this effort.
The Government reserves the right to review resumes and qualifications prior to acceptance of
individuals for assignment.

12. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The term of this contract shall is anticipated to be 5 years
which consists of a base year of 12 months from date of award plus four (4) 12 month option
years.

13. CONTRACT TYPE: The contract shall be finn fixed priced (FFP).


15. DEFINED TERMS:
Key ~1-defiocd as propos:dmmaganettarrlleaiscien:earrl~ Slaff.
Contr~ Officer ~ v e (COR) - ~ government official ~inled by the coritta:ting officer and who is
                              conmn 1kCOR1udesall a ~ dealq; \\11ti the in1erµ:ctation
resJX)11S1ble for ~onsof the ex:ecutm oftre
an:i delivaablesoftre cootroct.
Crntr.ning Officer- Procurerrmt official who lnis a COl1ra:ting Wcrrart nl isautmrized to ohlig:ite the government
tn:ier the cenns ofa controct and makedmges to irecortra:1.


                                                                                                                4
