{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7244,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5511502.json","updb_database_id":5511502}
(GS) bright lights in sky, very high, stationary. lights pulsed twice, craft descended below cloud bank then rotated and headed east. completely silent.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
Just north of Houston, TX. We were laying in the backyard, looking up at the night sky, we like to watch the stars, etc. at night. Sometimes the ISS soars overhead or a meteor shower can be seen so we like to take advantage of the lack of light pollution when we can.

2. What made you first notice the object?
It was kinda... foggy WAY up in the sky where there should not be fog. It didn't look like clouds although there were sprinkled, wispy clouds AROUND the area (NOT where the craft was, the sky was clear there except for this fog stuff). 

I said, "Hey, check out that light... it is really way up there. Thats way higher than the typical aircraft isnt it?" (a few moments later) "Dude seriously look. That @#$(& is not moving... it is way too bright and not blinking (like a commercial airplane/heli) at all... it is just sitting there. What IS that? DO YOU SEE THAT?!" 

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

Honestly, aliens. Were nerds, of course we thought aliens. But, in serious terms, I/we KNEW it was something OTHER than the airplanes, satellites and ISS we sometimes see (have seen) passing over the location. We have lived here about 4 years now and this is definitely NOT normal for the area. 

Im sorry, but I thought instantly, "There has to be some other explanation, no @#$(& way are we seeing what I think we are." I spent the rest of the week trying to confirm ANYTHING that could explain what we saw without "Aliens" being the explanation. No dice. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

After I spotted the anomaly, witness 2 confirmed visual. The first light pulsed slowly once or twice, then slowly a second light off to the left of the first light began to illuminate and became VERY bright, just like the first one. The lights were very organic, there was no "on/off" like a switch or signal, it was all very gentle and slow to light up and pulse like an exaggerated fire fly.

The two lights then pulsed slowly, first in answer to one another, then in synchronization/unison. The lights were golden/white/amber colored (varied) and very large and very round (easy shape, no shifting). 

After both myself and my friend DISCUSSED what we were seeing, the craft came down. I don't know how to explain it other than, at first, we saw bright lights THROUGH a foggy facade, then the craft came down and we could clearly see the ship with the fog just behind or above it. It was a black skinned craft or at least non-reflective. This next part makes me feel stupid to say, but, it sort of resembled the "Batwing" shape used to signal batman. (omg please, Im sorry to discredit with batman >< ) 

It was NOT stealth bomber shaped like our bombers (triangle), it was NOT like ANY aircraft or prototype I know of (fixed wing, kit, RC or recon and please, I know Im not an expert but I DO follow aircraft body styles for years now) or even conspiratorial shaped rumored craft (some of the more... creative reports Ive seen, this was not like that). 

This was, again, organic in shape, very flowing and curved and natural .. simply put it was a very beautiful silhouette of a black ship. This craft featured at least two very bright lights on the bottom, closer to the perimeter of the ship on "either side". I could see such lights positioned in that manner being helpful for landing (like flood lights or alley lights on a squad car), but this craft did not land or make any move to do so. 

After it descended a small bit (like I said, it was VERY high in the sky, so this descending still left it pretty far above our heads) and we got a very good confirmation of what we saw (no guessing was possible at that point as the fogginess was no longer between the craft and our eyes) - it seems like time kinda stretched out in a weird way. If we had been online, I would describe it like we were having a latency issue or "lag" for a minute - we had a strange non-physical impression of communication (contents below). Then everything snapped back to normal speed...the craft slowly rotated a bit farther to the EAST (originally NE) and moved off very slowly, gracefully. No trail or track or disruption in the "fog" or the clouds in the area (and an entirely different altitude than the "fog") was apparent. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

AFTER everything was over, we felt pretty humbled to have been allowed to see this. But at first we were in disbelief and incredulous and feeling a little silly. 

DURING the event, and as indicated above after the craft "came down" a little, the non-physical/emotional wave hit us. It was really definite. It unwaveringly did feel like the craft was there on purpose, that exact spot and time as we were lying on our backs looking straight up at the sky. It absolutely did FEEL as if the craft was benevolent or perhaps the beings inside it were/are benevolent, if there were any beings (that part I would have no way to know, we could not see anything like that). We did not feel threatened or scared, never mind the fact that this massive object was exactly above our house with the kids asleep inside (which would normally have sent me into fits). Quite honestly, there was nothing negative about this experience - it felt strongly at the time that a transmission was sent but I cant tell you the means of transmission. Here is what I received although it does not translate out exactly - "Be at ease. Yes, yes, we ARE here. Thank you, thank you for being aware of us - we are most honored. We are visiting [you all] to say hello, we will return later in a more long-term capacity, we will not leave you again." 

Other than not immediately understanding the implications of the message, the feeling was very loving and connected but a bit formal and * very official *. The words "here", "aware", "you all" really felt more like, "we are now permitted to let you know we are are here", "thank you for BRINGING us into your awareness", and "the waiting ones" or "those who are watching for us". The words don't fully communicate what was transmitted but thats my best recollection - it was very intense and happy. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

It left. I guess there was more on the agenda that night than just hanging out in Houston with a couple of nerds in the back yard ;) .
