{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-25 04:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5530502.json","updb_database_id":5530502}
Circular with pure green light - large from my distance with long tail thru atmosphere.

I deliver the Arizona Republic in the early morning hours. On Sunday morning, July 25th, at 4:35 AM I was looking westward out my window in my car. I was stopped and taking a moment to pause and had my window down and was suddenly distracted and awed by the sighting. I looked to my left and followed it across the horizon moving my head to the right.

It was a very clear night and the moon was at quarter, very bright. I saw the most incredible thing. A rather large circular glowing object with a tail like a comet moving extremely rapidly northwestward. It crossed the entire horizon in about 1 second and was out of sight. I had a very good look at it. It1s color was the most pure green, including its tail. The color resembled that of a green stop light, maybe a little lighter, but the color was completely pure. The tail was quite long and the color was diminishing the further out it was. If I would have placed my finger tip over the moving object, it was about the size of my little finger nail (I have big hands) and the length of the tail was probably as wide as I could spread my fingers on my hand in front of my face. The moving object was circular with pure green light emanating from it with a glowing halo.

I was in a residential neighborhood and there was no activity around me or other moving lights, only a few porch lights. I am also a pilot, or used to be many years ago 1 commercially licensed with IFR rating. I know what I saw. I don1t see how that could have been a meteor or comet. It had to be an intelligently controlled flight that was thru the atmosphere at a very high rate of speed.

I have no evidence but just wanted to ask you if you could tell me if anyone else had reported this sighting to you ?
