{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-07-22 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5288502.json","updb_database_id":5288502}
A graphite black craft moved slowly above the shopping center where I worked. It took up the entire sky as we were in a depression.

A coworker and I were closing the video store where we worked at the time, on a warm night in the summer of 1996. I’m not sure of the month/ year but it was after 95 and before 97, it’s a little fuzzy to me I can’t seem to remember a lot of details about it. But I digress. My coworker took the garbage out the back of the store to put in the dumpsters. She came running back 10 seconds later and said you have to see this. I then don’t remember where she was once she told me to come look. I don’t know if she ran Into the store or if she was looking out the back door with me. As I looked up at a huge UFO that took up my entire view!!!! Because it was so low and close to the top of the building and dumpsters were located in a little bowl type depression in the back of the store. It moved so slowly that I could’ve walked with a child beside it and kept pace with it. I was afraid to step out and down to the pavement to look at it, afraid of being beamed up. It was not even 20 feet above me! I try to remember every tiny detail the lights, the depressions and it even looked as if there were 2 spots on the bottom where it might dock into something else. It was pretty large. I watched it go over my head as I hung out the door still afraid to step out. As it went over the top of the building I yelled quick run through the store, let’s run out front and see it come over! We then bolted as fast as we could the 40 feet from the back of the store to the front of the store and out ran outside. I swear that ship never came over the top of that building! It was just gone and all there was were stars! I have a fog about it. I can’t remember a lot of details I don’t know if I was taken. But the next day I told another coworker what had happened afraid to say anything for fear of ridicule, but he told me that he and a friend had followed a UFO from the southside of Connellsville in our town to the shopping center where I worked and then they lost it! I was the manager of the store. I worked there for 6 or 7 years. I hired and fired people and I cannot to this day remember the full name of the guy that worked with me who chased the ship and I cannot remember the name or the face of the girl who was with me the night that we saw it at the store. I only know she was blonde. I really wish I could be hypnotized so that I could remember in detail what happened
