{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-28 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5524502.json","updb_database_id":5524502}
Two Amber Glowing Orbs Flying at Mind Bending Speed Approach from Opposite Directions and Make Physics Defying Maneuvers

August 28, 2011 (1:15 a.m. PST) 8:15 GMT (+/- 5 mins). Enjoying the stars sitting in my backyard looking up towards Venus in the NE crystal clear cloudless night sky. To my delight almost directly overhead, I peripherally notice what I assume is a meteor streaking across the sky. I snap up to look with my 20/20 vision and I am stunned to see an amber glowing orb with no trail behind it streaking as fast as a shooting star but in steady level flight without loss of altitude characteristic of controlled flight. Speed was many multiples faster than any satellite I have ever seen 1 unfathomable speed. Directly overhead I see a faintly glowing translucent diamond shaped aura around the brightly glowing amber orb. The speed was mind bending fast and the object appeared to strobe as it streaked across the sky, but I believe that was an optical illusion caused by the best my eyes could humanly compute to track the streaking object (anyone who has seen a military air show has witnessed this when the air craft dive down high and fast swooping towards the stands). Once the high flying object was heading away from me and no longer directly overhead I no longer witnessed a strobe effect or the diamond amber aura, however the bright amber glowing orb remained distinctly defined for the entire observation. At this point I conclude it must be one of the experimental DARPA/USAF HTV-2 Hypersonic Aircraft launched out of Vandenberg. That theory was shaken about two seconds later when I am stunned to see an absolute identical amber orb object traveling at the same mind bending speed coming head on towards the east bound object separated by only a few degrees from my point of observation.

A moment before the objects would cross paths in the sky, the east bound object (the first observed) turns a slight few degrees away from the others path, then pulls a sudden sharp 90 degree perfect semi-circle turn to the south (with the grace of a jet fighter at warp speed). The object glows brighter through the turn with no signs of decelerating while maintaining its stunning speed through the turn. An impossible maneuver that was hard for my mind to process 1 it felt disorientating to take in (did not compute).  It now heads southward but for a second or two and snap turns 90 degrees back east-bound accelerating and then fading away into the horizon as if in warp speed (almost looked like the object dropped straight down, but I think that was an illusion due to my perspective looking at it now far and low in the distance). Intuitively I was left feeling that the maneuvers between the two craft were playful in nature like a quantum cat and mouse game. I stopped tracking the second object at the point the two cross paths as they were moving too fast and in opposing directions, I had to pick one to focus on and never got another glimps of it.

I futilely looked to the sky for more of these orbs for about fifteen minutes before the elation of what I just saw was fully absorbed and turned to feelings of being completely creeped out. Like a child afraid of the dark I rushed inside the house. I woke my wife in her deep sleep in an attempt to convince her I just saw something profound and fantastically unbelievable. She believes me, God bless her.

It all happened very fast. Come daylight I repeatedly recalled the event with times my mental replays with a stopwatch. From this excercise I concluded the entire event was witnessed for a total of about 12 and 15 seconds. About 3 to 5 seconds in when the second craft was observed coming straight for the first and about 2 seconds later when the objects crossed paths and the first object commenced its first turn. That first 90 degree turn took about 3 seconds to complete but at the same mind bending constant speed it had at straight flight. A few seconds later it snap turns 90 degrees back east bound and fades lighting fast into the horizon. 

This was no laser, the sky was clear, the objects had dimension, and a laser is not going to deliver a show so crisp and demensional on a clear night all the way to the horizon. Meteors do not look or behave like this nor do they defy the laws of physics. Chinese lanterns or flares....lol...no way. 

Only those of us that have seen these objects can possibly understand. I certainly didn't believe until just a few days ago that we may not be alone. I wish I never witnessed this event in that I now have the burden of keeping it to myself or being stigmatized as part of the lunatic fringe only to hear, 1I believe you believe you saw something1.

Impossible physics 1 impossible propulsion. Pray these things are made in America by DARPA, but I doubt it.  In the few days I have spent researching similar sightings as mine, most of what is being reported involve orange/amber orbs and almost always two or more, not just one. That is odd to me and does not add up for this being earth bound particularly so in that most sightings of these amber orbs usually involve two or more objects interacting and driven by propulsion systems of unbound energy. DARPA's crafts are one time shots lasting minutes and only a handful have been launched.  If this technology is human, it is such that it is breaking the known laws of physics and humanity deserves to know more about it. If what we are witnessing are objects from another world, our governments certainly know it and humanity deserves full disclosure.

Mark my words, if you haven1t seen these amber orbs yet, it is only a matter of time before you do.
