{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-10-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66010","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5493502.json","updb_database_id":5493502}
{jpg} A huge black triangular ufo slowly flew over me blotting out the sky.

I had two UFO experiences several days apart in October 1975 while I was living in [exact location details removed/CMS/jpg] a rural area about 10 miles outside of Youngstown. My home was fairly isolated out in the country and located in the center of a wide valley rimmed by wooded hills.

The first was when my sister and her husband were driving me home from church around 9 pm and as we crested a hill before descending into the valley where my home was we saw a brightly lit cigar-shaped UFO hovering about 200-300 feet directly over my house (about 1 mile away). The weather was clear that night and from where we were we estimated the UFO to be about 20-30 feet long. It glowed orange and had bright white portals which were ringed with pulsing bright gold lights. At that distance we couldn't see if any beings were in the portals. My brother-in-law pulled the car over to the side of the road and we watched it for about a minute before it just vanished into thin air. It didn't take off and streak across the sky - it just vanished in place. We couldn't believe our eyes and were all quite excited. It was the first UFO I had seen although my father had seen several during his life. I remember feeling apprehensive about why this UFO was hovering over my house. When we got to my house we listened to the radio but didn't hear any new reports about a UFO. But the next day our local TV stations reported that many people had called the police after they'd seen it.

The second UFO experience happened a couple nights later. I was eating dinner at home around 8:30 pm when my sister burst in excitedly telling me she'd been abducted by a UFO. She was ecstatic and said she'd been visited by extraterrestrial beings who'd communicated telepathically with her, telling her not to be afraid and that they wouldn't harm her. They looked human. She said she was scared to death as they took her aboard their UFO, but they were so loving and gentle that after the initial shock of seeing them all fear left her. She asked where they came from and they took her to the ship's control room. It was dimly lit and had a huge curved window where she could see stars whizzing by. They showed her a star chart and one pointed to their home planet. The next thing she knew she was back at home. Hearing her story I was so stunned I didn't know what to think. I am a serious person by nature and knew that she could exaggerate at times, but nothing like this. I told her maybe she'd dreamed it after we'd seen the UFO two nights earlier, but she vehemently insisted that it really happened. 

I made her sit down and eat something, and she told me again about the abduction, what a wonderful experience it had been, and how she couldn't wait to see the extraterrestrials again. Suddenly she jumped up and yelled "They're here!". It nearly scared me to death! She grabbed a white throw I had on the couch and ran out the back door. I jumped up and ran after her and saw her standing there looking up at the tree line and waving that white throw around. She was yelling "I'm here, I'm over here!" I was afraid my sister had lost her mind. I looked but didn't see anything. After a few seconds all of a sudden I felt a strange inner vibration, sort of like the feeling you get when you lean against a washing machine when it's in the spin cycle. Then an enormous black UFO slowly came up over the trees towards us. I was terrified but my sister was laughing and joyfully jumping up and down. This thing was so huge that as it passed overhead it blotted out the entire sky from one edge of the valley to the other. I couldn't see the sides or top of it because it was so big - only the bottom was visible. It was absolutely silent. It was triangular in shape with very dim dark gray rotating lights at each of the three corners. Around these lights were circular gear-like things which rotated in the opposite direction. The bottom surface was highly patterned and textured with raised designs in geometric shapes, bumps which looked like braille writing, and channels of varying lengths and widths (years later I realized that these looked like a circuit board). I felt as if I were paralyzed as I stared up at it, although whether this was from fear or from the UFO I don't know. But my sister was excitedly talking to this thing as if she was having a conversation with someone inside the UFO. We watched it for what seemed like about a minute as it passed in a straight line over my house and went over the trees on the other side of the valley and disappeared from sight. 

My sister and I went back into the house and talked about the UFO for a long time. I was still in shock and after my sister went home I fell into an uneasy sleep. In the next couple days there were news reports of people seeing a huge UFO on the same night that we'd seen it. I've thought about my two experiences thousands of times and always reach the same conclusion - that UFOs are real. To my knowledge my sister was never abducted again. She married and moved away and we lost touch with each other. 

Over the years the fear I felt of these UFO experiences gradually subsided. However in the mid-1990s I had another strange experience where I felt as if I had been abducted myself, but can't be sure. The memories I have of it are dream-like, disjointed and fragmented. I still scan the sky at night but have not seen any other UFOs.
