{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5468502.json","updb_database_id":5468502}
{cak} Sitting on front porch and noticed lights swirling andbouncing and i started taking pictures as i saw the object hover and rise and a tear one point it hovered and flashed lights for a long while

I was sitting on my front porch with my young daughter because she couldn1t sleep and I didn1t want her to wake everybody else up in the house, it was roughly 1130 right before my wife was supposed to be home from work. I noticed a light bouncing like a ball, almost playing in front of me and I realized after a moment that there shouldn1t be anything like that. So I got out my phone so I could have a light and shined my light and saw a shape rise up and hover above my neighbors house and I saw it bounce around, I started taking pictures. There were lights pulsating and flashing, changing colors from red to green to yellow and back again. It was circular with a dome shape above the lights. I noticed two of these objects in the distance but there1s this one that was closer and seemed almost playful. 
I put the baby to bed and I came back outside and sure enough that object is waiting on me and I1ve got a horrible Kyocera smart phone for outside work and I go back to taking pictures, my wife comes home and we sit outside on the back porch watching this lighted object together trying to fit out what it is. 
Virginia1I took out my Sony a3000 camera which is a pretty nice digital camera and listen to this man go on and on about this ufo, I think he is drunk at first but he isn1t because he is stone sober. So to appease him I pull out my big camera to take pictures and my oldest child who is 15 wakes up and it1s 1 in the morning so she is upset and all three of us are standing in the yard watching this lighted thing blink and swirly and hum and I try to take pictures but my camera will not work but his did. We all felt like this light was trying to communicate with us and not trying to hurt us but we knew it was very unusual. 
I1m not a ufo buff and now I1m not so sure because this object was around for quite a while and I honestly didn1t think to grab my own cell phone but I watched it and Sarah and I leaned against the van while it stayed in the air roughly above the tree line but in the clearing where our land is.
We were outside talking and it was there and then it was gone...just gone!
