{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-06 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5492502.json","updb_database_id":5492502}
{rjl} I looked up and noticed six big white/amber lights and a dark triangle shape

I had just gotten home from working security at the Fresno Fair grounds at the directors hall. I parked in my parking stall which was covered and lit. I am a star gazer so I am constantly looking up at the sky and look at the planets. I also gaze through my telescope so I know what stars and planets look like. I locked my car and started walking looking up once I cleared the roof line of the parking stall and looked up to see the stars. I noticed out to the left a very large light and it caught my eye so I stated looking at it. From my vantage point the light was the size of a basketball hoop basket. I noticed it moving very slowy just hovering there in the air roughly 800' above my head. It then started moving again and I noticed that another light same size appeared until I saw six lights in total. Two lights about 1/4 of the way from the tip of the massive triangle shaped UFO, then half way another two lights spaced further apart at the width of the craft, then the last two lights at the rear of the craft appeared. At first it just hung there making absolutely zero noise and no air movement around me while it was hovering above me. All noises became silent, and I couldn't take my eyes off of it. I decided to get my iPhone out and see if I could possibly record it but I just couldn't get my mind to work enough to capture it on film. The moment I took my phone out the craft started moving sideways almost like it was sliding sideways through the air from right above me sliding to the west and it started again hovering in place. I started walking slowing towards the south and the craft starting moving south as well. I unlocked my phone to call my wife to let her know I was home and parked then I noticed it started moving to the south but moving back towards me while moving south as well, again with the sliding movement. Definitely movement no airplane or jet or helicopter moves. I grew up 28 years in the flight path of the airport about 4 miles from us and we always went out to see the military jets and other aircraft fly over. I knew this was not anything the military routinely flies. I dialed my wife's number and as I did that it started moving faster to the south so I started jogging after it. As my wife answered the phone the massive triangle gained about 2000' of altitude in a split second and flew over some trees. My wife answered the phone and asked why I sounded out of breath and I told her I was running watching a massive triangle UFO flying over the apartment right now and for her to go outside to confirm what I was looking at. She was indisposed at the time but stayed on the phone so she knew I was safe the entire time. As I watched the lights going through the trees as I was running under trees at this point I kept a visual on it. Again this was completely silent and I started being able to hear traffic once again and the wind blowing slightly. I cleared the tree into open sky and saw it now probably 5 miles away from me now 3-4000' within another five seconds, then the lights on the bottom that I could see started getting brighter then in the blink of an eye it accelerated out of view. If you literally blinked your eyes you would have missed it. Never made a single sound and went faster than anything I have ever noticed ever in my life. From the back I could see that there was a dome like structure on the bottom of the rear of the massive triangle. After it was out of sight I walked to the apartment unit we lived in at the time and my wife could tell I was sweaty from running after it and looked almost pale in the face with very wide eyes not able to blink. I should also say this isn't the first experience I have had with UFOs. My wife and I have both witnessed three other UFOs but not as in depth. My wife asked what took me so long to get from the parking lot to the apartment and I said what do you mean it was only like 30-40 seconds and she told me no you were 10 minutes.
