{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-09 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505502","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/502/mufon-5505502.json","updb_database_id":5505502}
{nd} Upright cigar-shapped glowing cloud with definite edges in straight lines stationary and then moving at a good pace

I was walking my pooch, tonight at dusk when my Dads spirit, who talks to me all the time, told me to stop looking at the ground as I walked and to look up. I forgot and looked down again a moment later and so my Dads voice said again to look up and see what was there. I looked up and there wasnt a cloud in the sky but only a partial moon not very large. Then when I scanned the sky ahead of me and to the left I saw it...just what my dad next said he was trying to get me to see on my own. He said that I needed to stop walking with my head down or Id miss them when they came. The them was the only object aside from the moon in a perfectly cloudless sky. It was an upright shining cloud-like craft I think but with straight well defined edges in what Ive read people describe as a cigar shape. It was standing still for a few minutes after I first saw it, not sure what it was doing prior to that, and then it was moving off into the distance in a northerly direction or rather a slightly northwesterly actually. I was at first wondering what the heck a single cloud could be doing in that sky but it was asgain with no fuzzy edges and was so straight up and down the edges and on top and bottom in those small lines too (cigar shaped standning upright) It was dusk at the time I saw it and it, the cigar shaped cloudlike thing, was glowing white light in a sky only just beginning to get dark. My Dads spirit told me it was an ETI craft again, just one unlike the other Id seen in the past, that one a large disk I could see which was in that case not behind a cloudlike exterior. That was in Ireland in the village of KIlcrohane over the commonage of a farm on a low mountain in the townland of Rhea/Reagh.I have had two other experiences but they werent with craft but rather with visitations by ETI. I guess I will now post them here on this site some other time. Once was in Ireland in January of 2013 and once was in my bedroom in Southampton in 2008ish, I don't recall exactly when.
