{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-06 04:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5487452.json","updb_database_id":5487452}
{dr}Flaming ball of Light

My friend and I were pulling an all nighter in order to study for our college calculus exams when I decided that my friend and I should run to the gas station for energy drinks to keep us up. It had snowed all week so got dressed and ready for the snow outside. We went out to my car and started driving down to the end of our street. I took a left onto the next street and drove for three blocks. As I was looking at the road and noticed a bright red flaming ball just above the houses in front of us. I turned to my friend and told him to look. We stared at it for a few seconds before I pulled the car over to the side of the road. We both hopped out of the car and got our phones and started taking videos. The flaming ball slowly hovered above the houses across the street from where we parked about 500 feet above the ground. There was no noise to be heard coming the sky and upon examination the lights that it was omitting were not like that of any airplane or helicopter i had ever seen. The object seemed to spin and hover across the sky and as it spun it blinked a yellowish white light. The light would blink about twice every second. After a few seconds I realized that the flaming ball was actually a spherical orb in shape but with a silver or blackish center. It hovered above parallel to us across the street heading in towards the east when suddenly it started to freak out. The orb started making circles and then darting off into different directions as it ascended higher into the sky. After about five seconds it stopped and then shot off like a bullet up into a hole in the cloud cover where we watched it go farther into space until it got so small it vanished into the darkness of space. My friend and I looked at each other phones to see who got the best video but we both had only recorded it for a few seconds before stopping the videos just to watch the orb but my friend had gotten a great video of the orb as it hovered across the sky. We watched the video he had recorded and zoomed in as far as we could to the object. As I watched my friends video I noticed a strange pattern with the movement of the lights on the orb. I put the video into slow motion and played it through. A darkness fell over me as I gathered together what I just saw. As I moved frame by frame through each part of the video I saw that object was spinning in a cirlce. I was able to determine this by the light that was attached to the orb. It turned with the spinning from one position to the next in each frame in a clockwise motion. I was looking at the bottom of some type of U.F.O. I'm still not sure what I saw but when I got back to my house I started to research what I saw. I found multiple videos online with the same flashing orbs as the one I had seen that day.
