{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62943","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3599,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5496452.json","updb_database_id":5496452}
{cak} large silent cross shaped object barely a few hundred feet bove with 1 blinking white light which then then turned into mult lights

I am reporting this now only because of all the reports I have been seeing on TV and I was just wondering if any body might have reported something like this it has been on my mind quite often.I was driving home from my girlfriends around midnight on rt 1 heading north near oxford valley road Langhorne pa. My window was open and I was singing. I was straight(stating this for obvious reasons)I noticed this large cross shaped object to my left at about 300 hundred feet above me what really got me was that it was not making any noise and did not have the normal red and green aviation lights only 1 blinking white light towards the middle of the craft. 
Each end of the cross shape was squared off not blunted or pointed, the section of each of the appendages or wings where it attached to the main section was not at 90 degree but rounded off kind of like webbed concave shaped that extended halfway up the wings This object was staying with me and I started to get scared and I needed to get off on oxford valley rd so I exited and then the object started to parallel me as I moved it moved when I stopped it stopped. I had to go down a road called big oak rd and I thought to my self that I was going to wait until I see a car coming up behind me and then I would go in case the thing tries to abduct me, at that moment the craft moved away from me over an area we call the 5 mile woods it was approx. 1/4 mile away from me when it started to flash multiple random white lights from all areas of the craft as if it was taking pictures this went on for about 20 seconds and then it immediately stopped and back to just 1 light that I could see. it just hovered in the same spot and about 5 minutes, a car came up and I took off trying to keep my eyes on the road and the craft it started to move as I did. I turned right onto big oak through the 5 mile woods and the car luckily followed me and I lost sight of the craft I thought it might have left. I came to a hard bend and just as I came around the bend the craft was just about above me lower than before (If I had a rock I could have hit it)
I actually kind of yelled and stared at it and then looked ahead and I did not navigate the turn and was heading for tree I swerved and skidded and steered myself through a near accident. After that I did not see it anymore. I came up to a red light and got out of my car and ran back to the car behind and saw two people in the car and older man and woman with a look of terror in their eyes as I ran up to the car but I decided not to go any further because of the way they looked. I was quite shaken up and when I got home I woke my brother and told him the whole story. He said I should report it but back then I didn't want to go through all the scrutiny
