{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-25 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5290452.json","updb_database_id":5290452}
I observed a hovering drone right outside my window and briefly a grey and some little guy

On December 24 at 3:30 I was laying in bed trying to go to sleep. My apartment room faces the pool and little yard and trees and bushes. I noticed somthing block the light very briefly 2 times. Then I saw a shadow which I thought someone ran by. Right before this I got buzzing ringing ears. So after those shadows I watched out window while laying down. I have a light colored tapestry covering my window. I can see shapes thru it with the pool lights in background. Finally I was going to shut my eyes and at edge of my window i saw a shadow of a head. I have about a three inch gap that is not covered behind tv. I thought it was a person and it was not moving for close to ten minutes. Then I could see it had glowing round goggle looking glasses. I thought maybe some new kind of night vision. I didn't move at all cause it was so intently staring at that gap and appeared to be listening. Then it started looking in room more by bobbing up down left right but it kept going back to uncovered part. Then some kind of flash light type thing popped out but seened really subtle. After about minutes I was I got to get on ground and crawl to door. At first it did not notice but then it did and faced where i ducked for minutes it felt like. Then went back to spot. Then i was at end of bed and that is when i had good view and quickly realized it was not a human wearing weird googles and it was about size of a small shop vac but round top round glowing eyes and 2 maybe three short antennas. Then i noticed something was with it but they were so busy with window. Then to my horror i saw they were cutting the blinds and seemed like that took so long and then the blinds opened and then the drone was inside but stayed behind tapertry. But it popped out 2 or three scanners with some kind of red and dull white light. I then was I got to get my phone. I crawled back to front of bed. Could not find it at all by reaching so i jumped in bed and went still. That thing quickly turned toward me and didn't move for few minutes. Then back to window. I was freaked then i turned on side to flop out of bed and looked at my mirror closet doors and i could see some type small humanoid working on something that looked like a rolling table but it kept putting together whatever it was . This part is when I really started to get worried cause my room was getting cold and looked over and i two times very brief I saw a grey head looking. Then it seemed like whatever that little guy was doing and drone was about to be done. I thought i have to do something so i was telling the drone in my mind and out loud to shut down. I tried so intently then idea popped into my head and i put the image of the command coming from the ship to drone and after a few times it went dark. That must have really surprised them cause in very little time i saw a bright bluish beam cloud form very fast then it flashed and flashed up in an instant and when i looked up there was a huge white blueish ship coming out of cloud form and i jumped back into bed and it was gone. Next day i was looking at blinds cause at that moment my mind could not process how they seemed outside but blinds were cutting and widening. But to my surprise four of them cut but not a clean cut. On one blind its all bubbled like heat bubbled it.
