{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-23 23:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5502452.json","updb_database_id":5502452}
{rjl} Circle/disk object right over my building while I was sitting in the lot

I am really bad and don't know much about degrees or inches/feet, NSWE or anything like that, so I did a really bad job filling out the thing for a report..

This happened a couple of hours ago.. It was nighttime.. The street lights pollute the sky a little bit.. I was outside listening to Coast to Coast AM waiting for the meteor shower.. I was looking for meteors, and that's when I saw this disk shape object "glide" by in the sky.. It just, glided, so smoothly.. It was nuts.. 

It was obviously a solid object.. 

I guess you could say that it was a disk.. I say disk and circle, because I don't think that there is a big difference? It didn't look like it had a room sticking out of the top of it. And, there were NO windows or anything that I could see..
But it was THICK.

This was my first UFO experience ever! It looked like a metallic color, a dirty, dark, metallic color, but it wasn't reflective.. Not that I could tell anyway.. It wasn't as big as I expected a UFO to be.. It wasn't huge or anything..

It was about as high as if you would stack two normal sized trees on top of one another facing up. That's about how high it was.. 

It flew over one of the buildings here, and a couple of trees next to the buildings, and of course there were power lines around.. I AM NOT CRAZY! THIS IS THE MOST "REAL" THING THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN!.. It looked so 3D, too.. It looked so REAL yet it 'seemed' "unreal".. It's hard to explain, I was in shock..Shock. I had a GREAT view of it, too..

It went by in a perfectly straight line.. Smoothly.

I could tell that it was "thick" it was not really "flat".. I had a HUGE panic attack after I saw it.. When I saw it at first. I just kind of sat there and stared..

I guess that I saw it for a few seconds, but those seconds seemed like minutes when it happened.. It did not shoot across the sky like a shooting star. It moved slower than that, but it was still fast.. It was slow enough for me to realize that it was thick, and a dark dirty metallic color, I guess.. It was obvious in the sky... 

It stood out like a sore thumb. There was NO SOUND. NO LIGHTS. It was very smooth. I just sat there and stared until it disappeared into the distance. As soon as it was gone I grabbed my lawn chair and went to the front door as fast as I could.. I had a panic attack for like an hour.. I was trembling, shaking.. I just can't believe it..

I have NEVER seen a UFO until now... I was actually afraid to post this.. I was debating about it for a while. That's why I am not going to give out my name or exact location.. I still need to process this.. I am NOT going back outside to see the shower.. Screw that! I have attached a picture/description of what I saw.. I can't draw, though, lol. But hopefully you will get it.

I don't think that I am going to be able to sleep tonight. lol.
