{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-11 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5287452.json","updb_database_id":5287452}
Eagle Rock/Pasadena CA - UFO Observed for 20 Minutes Straight Along 134/210 Freeway with Picture

I was driving around 7:30 pm or so east on the 134 freeway toward Pasadena, CA, on Saturday 11/11/17. I was alone in the car. Around Glendale area before heading into Eagle Rock or so, I noticed on the left hand side up above the horizon above hills, parallel to the freeway, an object in the air that struck me as strange. At first it was going in and out behind things. The lights were strange, and movement strange. It was the size of an aircraft. Very easily and deftly moving around. Nothing like that has ever caught my attention before. I watched it intently as best I could while driving on the freeway. It then began following along the freeway the entire way I was going in a basically straight line, perhaps 10 miles? At times I thought maybe it could be a blimp. But it moved very unusually, not at all like a blimp moves -- gliding easily at high speed, and too low on the horizon. It kept pace in a straight firm line gliding along the freeway way too fast for a blimp, and somewhat farther down (lower) than you would expect on the horizon, for several miles. It seemed too low on the horizon, close to the ground for a typical, normal aircraft. It seemed almost like it was partially shrouded or camouflaged, like it was intentionally trying to be non-descript, deflecting light. For some reason I had an instinct or sense like the object usually has camouflage not expecting to be seen, but that wasn't fully working at that moment. I wanted to take a picture or video, but I could not safely do so while driving on the freeway. I kept watching it as I drove the whole way, for at least 15 minutes. It was like it began tracking me, moving at a similar pace to me, in the same direction, lower to the ground then expected, off in the hills alongside the freeway. I then exited LAKE avenue off the 134/210 freeway into Pasadena, turning left and heading north. The object appeared to change directions almost like it was following me. It too turned left and started heading north parallel to the direction of my car, just as it had been heading in a straight line along the freeway east before I exited and turned left. I know this sounds odd and strange, but it almost felt like it could somehow sense that I saw it and was intent and curious about that, like something "telepathic." 

It caught my attention because it definitely did not seem normal or like anything I had seen before, and I could not explain what it was. It did not move like any aircraft I know about. Too smooth and fast, not a typical flight path, speed or positioning vis-a-vis the horizon. It seemed almost casual, like it was observing and didn't think it could be seen, and then somehow noticed I noticed it (though I don't know how that could be the case). I'm thinking a possible Jacques Vallée subjective component to it.

Once I exited the freeway after turning left (as did the object), I pulled over on Lake Avenue in Pasadena just past the freeway and took a picture with my phone. The second picture attached is a close up from the first. You can see where it is in the sky in the first zoomed out pic because the perspective is stepped/angled back. In the first zoomed in pic, the object looks like a shaded circle/orb shape tilted partly 3/4 back with 3 round glowing lights on the bottom. 

After I photographed it, the object continued to "follow" along side on the horizon up Lake Avenue in Pasadena parallel to my car for a couple of miles, almost like it was following me. Notably, the direction it was heading toward is where JPL (Jet Propulsion Laboratory) is located, a few miles away. CalTech is also located here in Pasadena. I then turned off sharply right suddenly onto a side street going toward a residence and lost sight of the aircraft. It held my attention as something strange I observed for around 15-20 minutes or more in total, a pretty long duration. This was not a fleeting glimpse. This is the first time I have ever felt like I might have seen a UFO. It did feel instinctively like it was something unusual and very surprising, and was something I could not explain or recognize. When I told friends, they said they would have thought I was crazy if I hadn't managed to take photographs of what I saw, but the photos proved I had definitely seen something.
