{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-16 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291452","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/452/mufon-5291452.json","updb_database_id":5291452}
Green Light Beam with Erratic Movement in Clouds followed by White Pulsating Laight

16 October 2020. Approximately 8:05 PM Central Time, Kirby, Texas. As I stepped out onto my front porch to check my mailbox, there is a green light emitting a 'flightlight' type light-beam from an unseen source stationed between two clouds up at a 40 degree angle. The night sky is partly cloudy, broken into two layers. The upper cloud cover is white and prox 10,000 feet AGL. The second lower clouds are darker and about 9,000 feet AGL. There was a very slight movement of the cloud cover from S to the SE. Because of the lower, darker clouds, I could not see the light source. The first thing I looked for, was a ground light source, i.e. a promotional spot light or some construction lights. None to be seen. Second, I moved closer to the street to see where the green light was coming from; as I stated, the green light was shining from a spot between the upper whiter clouds and a lower darker cloud. It shined vertically from left (west) to my right (east) to about the width of two fingers (or 625' at the max) the round diam of the light was about 1/4 of the 625' and moved in a very erratic, not machined type movement. The light beam sweeps the bottom of the clouds back and forth, up and down very fast. (It almost looks like someone was up there looking for lost keys on the bottom of the white layer of clouds). Or maybe a small plain was playing around with a spot light, but the there was no airplane or helicopter noise. Also the light source did not moved, I felt if I waited long enough, the clouds would move just far enough to show what is the light source. 
By the time I walked out and made it to my mailbox, there was an added smaller, thinner white light beam added from the same location and did the same sweeping motion but not in uniform with the first green light.   
Clouds seemed to have stop moving now and I ran quickly into my house to get my phone. My phone has the Solocator "photos with direction" app and when I came back out I took one photo. But unfortunately, it pixel is not great on the Android phone. This whole event lasted about 4-6 minutes and both light just vanished when the clouds moved. See Attachment.
Now it is 9PM and I had a hunch to go back outside, this time camera in hand. Again as I step onto my porch filming, you can see a round white light shining down onto the top layer of the upper clouds. I think the light is about 500' in diameter as it shines through the clouds. This time it is a mechanical, timed flashing. I think there is 10 (ten) flashes before fading away.
