{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5491687.json","updb_database_id":5491687}
{dr}came from nw then hovered, the top (huge city) stayed stationary, wile center rotated 90* left towards ne then burned out to space like shooting star, center of forehead throbbed during event many witnesses

A car load of my friends and I were driving north towards Walmart in Plainview, Tx. We were stopped at a stop sign with Walmart in view across the highway. I was in the front passenger seat. A clump of white lights first thought to be a plane rapidly came from the northwest, as it did its lights spread out to take up most of the sky in front of us. It came to a stop and hovered about 35 to 45* in the horizon. It was amazing, it seemed to have the appearance of a major downtown city on the top with countless white lights small an large. The bottom seemed circular in shape but void of most lights except the center, which had 3 white lights spaced evenly apart in its own center circle. This center circle's 3 bright lights were larger than any other lights any were else on the ship, and if you connected them with a line they would make a triangle. Also the giant spacecraft's "city of lights" on top or the bottom never changed direction, only the center circle with the 3 huge white lights on the bottom center rotated.If you would have marked an arrow on this center circle on the bottom with the 3 lights at the direction in which it came from out of the northwest, when this center circle stopped after it rotated clockwise 90* this imaginary arrow would have been pointing northeast in the direction it left.When it left it left rapidly were all the lights came back together to a small cluster in the distance just like it appeared when first saw, the only differance is the small cluster of lights shot out of the atmosphere first burning bright then fading out to space just like a shooting star only in reverse. The entire time of the event; were those people in India has a red dot on there forehead, that spot in the center on my forehead twitched , this is the only time that spot on my forehead has ever twitch in a pulsating manner. My car load of friends and I were blown away with excitement, and we continued to Walmart. When we arrived we exited our car and another stranger jumped out his truck yelling "Did yall see that" ...we told him " heck yea that was awesome!!" I told my gov. teacher and he claimed there were multiple sightings across america at the same time were there wasn't cloud cover and was speculated to be few miles in diameter. Seeing it burn out of the atmosphere like that i knew we are not alone...
