{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-06 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5526687.json","updb_database_id":5526687}
obvious, slowly-moving, bright white circular object in the southeastern sky (about 20 degrees above horizon); appeared briefly and abruptly disappeared

On Friday evening, May 6, 2011(at approx 20:45 EDT), while sitting inside of a relative's home, located between the cities of Princeton and Bluefield, WV, I happened to look up through the picture-frame window of their southeastern-facing window, and noticed a very distinct, bright, slow-moving white light in the SE sky (about 20 degrees or so above the horizon). At the time of the sighting, the (dusk) sky was only very lightly/thinly covered/contaminated with cloud cover, and consequently, this object was quite obvious and bright in the expansive sky. In fact, the cloud cover was so thin that there was absolutely NO way the object could have been hidden by this very thin cloud cover (for any period of time), yet this object disappeared from the sky in less than one minute!

Initially, I continually/unflinchingly watched this very bright white object move slowly, and somewhat erratically for about 45 seconds, and then immediately dashed into the next room to retrieve a pair of binoculars. However, by the time I had run to the bedroom to get them, and then raced back into the living room (about 30 to 45 seconds later- "tops"), THE OBJECT HAD COMPLETELY DISAPEARED OUT OF THE EXPANSIVE, RELATIVELY CLOULD-LESS DUSK/NIGHT SKY! Ands "again", my view of the southern sky was vast, and essentially unobstructed. So how this strikingly luminous object in the night sky simply disappeared, seems to defy all rational (and seemingly, "earthly") explanation. And to be sure, after becoming aware that this craft/object had disappeared from the niught sky, I visually surveyed the entire night sky (continuously) for a couple of minutes (just to rule out the possibility of it being temporarily "hidden" by any cloud cover), however this very bright object (which was definitely much brighter than the stars in the sky), was "absolutely nowhere to be found". 

For the record, this object did NOT have any discernible FAA beacon or strobe of any kind (at all). In fact, it had no flashing lights of any color (just a continual, bright-white, non-flashing, luminescence). As for the object's shape, it appeared to be somewhat oval or circular, although during its somewhat oscillatory movements, it did "seem" to occasioanlly, yet ever so slightly, "morph" into somewhat of a cylindrical-shaped object-especially towards the end of the sighting. 

Furthermore, and with regard to it's visual appearance/luminosity, one could compare or liken it to that of a cell phone tower, having a white-light (FAA) beacon. I use this analogy here, as such a tower is, indeed, located on a distant peak, some distance east of the where this unidentified object was sighted. In fact, such a beacon light would seem to quite closely simulate the object I witnessed (if one were to view it from amile or so away)- i.e., in terms of it's shape, size and color, etc. But again, and to be sure, what I witnessed was CLEARLY not a stationary cell tower beacon, located along some terrestrial ridge, but rather was clearly airborne, and positioned thousands (possibly tens of thousands) of feet in the air, and moving in a slightly erratic (almost oscillating) fashion through the sky. As to whether the object was moving vertically, or horizontally (e.g., in a SE direction) could not be discerned in the short period of time (approximately 45 seconds) that I witnessed it, but it "was" clearly moving, and doing so somewhat slowly, and slightly erratically, and in somewhat of a constant direction. 

Furthermore, and for what it's worth, my vantage point (during this event)was approximately 2600 ft above mean sea level (MSL), while the elevation of the distant mountain peaks (i.e., the WV/VA border)- above which this object was positioned - ranged from between say 3000 and 3400 ft above MSL. 

Now, although I've seen such objects quickly and inexplicably disappear in the eastern skies at this location in years past (while walking at night), the object I witnessed this particular evening was clearly the brightest that I recall witnessing, to date. Suffice it to say, however, NO conventional (i.e., "non-black ops") terrestrial-based aircraft could have achieved the departing speed in which this did (to so abruptly disappear from the night sky), but beyond that, no human being (presuming they were on board this particular craft), could have possibly survived the incredible G-forces this craft must have induced/underwent, when so abruptly departing the night sky, etc.

So could this have been a "black ops" craft? An orbiting satellite? I seriously doubt it, given the craft's sudden and inexplicable disappearance from a very expansive, and nearly cloudless night sky. Indeed, this is the first time I've ever reported such an event (as I'm not the type to do so), but this particular incident was just such an obvious, and thought-provoking incident, that I felt compelled to do so. As to whether others in this area witnessed this same craft or not - I have no idea.
