{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27934","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5527687.json","updb_database_id":5527687}
I Observed two allien in my be my bed room I wrote a poem about it

I lived in a housing project on the top floor, The truth of this matter is far from a boar, Did Alliens from space land on top of my roof? Bright lites in my window I felt so uncouth! I was seven years old as I laid in my bed, Somehow I was Petrified from toes to my head! I saw two figurines which appeared in the night,They stood near my bed,I felt so up tight. Another night I heard crushed gravel on the top of my roof. I heard someone walking I did not need proof. From the hole in covers I saw two little men. Uninvited guest, who dare let them in! I tried calling my Brother who slept soundly near by, I was FROZEN in time,I was unable to cry! Third nite came about,I was armed to a T, I found an inner strength somewhere with in me. I placed a bean shooter through the hole in my sheet, I waited for their arrival to stand near my feet. Again I saw the light,heard the gravel and a noise near my bed. I BLEW through my bean shooter,hitting both in the head. A direct hitas they ran and scattered like mice, I gave chase behind and blew at them twice. I stood in the living room in the dark al alone, Somehow from this battle,I matured I had grown. I tried telling my mother and after all that I said, Her disbelief was a paassive pat on the back of my head. I knew what I saw and I saw what was true. You would not believe it untill it happens to you.

I was in my bedroom trying to sleep
I saw them (Alliens) near my bed side
I could not believe my eyes
The two figurines moved around my bed
I felt scared but I was cool
