{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 01:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5493687.json","updb_database_id":5493687}
{dr}Two sets of two orbs, both out of East. Set 1 went NW, Set 2 went WSW.

After work, walking home after exiting the bus at between 1:08 to 1:10 AM on May 23, 2015, I have a .3 to .4 mile residential street walk to my building when I first noticed two objects about 1/3 along my way. Between two major streets, it becomes very peaceful and quiet. Beautiful, mostly clear night, taking in the stars. Looked Left (East) and saw two orange red glowing spots above the trees and roof-lines. 

The objects were in a steady glide and kept spatially relative to each other. There were no other familiar, identifying lights and they caused sound nor emitted any vibrations. 

I stopped to watch them and noticed they left no streaks behind them in transit and were not "shooting" at a fast rate of speed as a shooting star or meteor would.

As they glided above, they dimmed at first and the left one blinked out, The remaining one dimmed a bit more then disappeared from sight.

I scanned the sky around the area they had been but could see no indication of their presence. I scanned then in the direction they seemed headed and again saw them further to my right (Westerly). They were again noticeably bright. As I observed, they were now on a more North Westerly tack. Once again, they dimmed, as before, one blinked out but the other remained dimly glowing for a short time and them disappeared.

I scanned the skies for a few moments and saw nothing else so I continued my walk, still checking the sky.

Thinking the experience was over, and perhaps 150' to 200' further along, again out of the Eastern sky, Two more objects of the same description appeared above the trees and roofs. These also glided steadily and in a spatial relationship with each other and made no sound or vibrations. I stopped to watch.

Directionally, the path of these two was different, heading on a WSW tack. Again they dimmed and one after the other, they blinked out. at this point in my walk, I was close to my destination and there is a lot more light pollution in the area. I could not spot any further indication of them.

We get to observe annual meteor showers in this area and I have seen shooting stars, some close to the ground. I know what those look like. These were none of those.
