{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-06 05:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5470687.json","updb_database_id":5470687}
{jpg} My sister stood up to get something and looked towards living room and saw lights and started taking pictures.

My sister (handicapped) takes pictures all the time of nature and the sky. There had been several orbs in pictures, and what I think are drones. We had been seeing blinking lights in the sky and what looks like stars, but those 1stars1 flash red blue and green lights it seemed, but they would also move. Both of us tried to take a picture of what we thought was a drone, but the pictures came out like orbs. She has a bunch of odd looking things, but she zooms in so much I1m sure some of the pictures are distorted. The morning she took the pictures I1m sending, she initially noted the light coming through the window, and as she drew a little closer to the window, she thought it was a trailer of some kind. The object did not move at all. There was no sound., no movement of any kind, no change in the lights. She states 1I felt fearful1. 1I knew it didn1t belong there1. This is across the street from us, an elderly lady lives there, and the neighbor has been staying with her sister taking care of her, so she was not home, and the object was in her yard. My sister takes in her mail and watches the house for her while she1s gone. My sister took the pictures and when she realized what she thought it was stopped taking pictures and came back into the kitchen, she did not show me the pictures until later. When she gets really scared she keeps things to herself for a little while till she can talk about it. This was a Saturday, I don1t think she showed me the pictures till Sunday or Monday night. She did not want to see what it did, just didn1t want to see it anymore, so we have no idea how it left.. in the beginning she couldn1t even say that she thought it was a space ship, just said it was a 1vehicle1 and that it wasn1t 1ordinary1. I agreed that it looked space ship like, and suggested we send it to u, to help us identify what it really is. Thank you for taking the time to read this and look throughthe pictures. I will include a few orb pics as well, the drones as well. Again, thanks much for looking at this.
