{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505687","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5205,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/687/mufon-5505687.json","updb_database_id":5505687}
{rjl} Blazing orange flames/fire/friction high in the skyout of which tumbled a gray(transparentrectangular) cube shaped object w slightly rounded cornersWhile tumbling end overend it slowly rotated & I saw darker gray circle on at least one of its side

I live in Northern California not too far from San Francisco. On 12/31/13 at approx 8:00 pm I saw what initially appeared to be a large orange 

burning object, high up in the northeastern sky . I had my sunroof open, had just parked my car in front of a restaurant, turned to converse with 

my son who was sitting in the passenger seat and this object caught my eye. For the past few months I had been witnessing strange out of place 

and unusually bright objects in the night sky that had peaked my interest enough to have caused me to purchased some good binnoculars and it 

just so happens that I keep them handy in my vehicle and not taking my eyes off of "it" I reached for the familiar spot and pulled them out. It was 

a blazing orange colored glow, getting brighter as the glow area increased in size .It was something big I watched it get even bigger with my 

naked eyes as I raised my binoculars saying "that is NOT a plane it looks as if it is something big and on fire. I took one fast look before quickly 

handed them to my (adult) son saying OMG you have to look at this thing . He rolled his eyes and turned in his seat( this was not the first time I 

had asked his opinion on an object of my interest in the night sky) What does this look like to you? As he is tall he held them up and out of the 

sun roof and he looked at the object through them, asking me at one point to assist him in keeping them as steady as possible (so I used the 

edge of the sunroof to brace my right hand and the held the right side of the binnoculars steady with my extended fingers) Excitement on my 

part was mounting because he didn't hand them right back to me saying "its nothing" as was often the case. He said nothing and he continued 

to look.  I started to ask questions " what is it, its not a plane. is it a plane. is it on fire, are those flames,? He said "it definatly doesnt look like a 

plane but there... is fire". I said "I knew it was on fire, what is it, what does it look like, does it look like its getting bigger,do you think its part of 

the comet debris, or a maybe a meteor ... it kind of looks like...(I was going to say an asteroid but instead I said.) is it coming at us..do you think 

it is aimed this way, is it going to hit us maybe, do you think it might hit near to us ? Then I stopped as he turned to me I grabbed the binnoculars 

and started to focus them while looking up to calculate the positioning and angle I could see the glow was fading. He said "it looks like its on fire 

but it looks more like fire from "friction" Thinking he was dismissing the event I said "friction? How do you know its friction. How do you even 

know what fiction looks like"? he responded "because Ive seen friction before" I said "you mean like.. maybe from entering the atmosphere kind 

of friction?" He said "possibly" I raised the binnoculars I looked through the glasses it was hard to find (at first) as it was no longer bright and 

blazing nor orange, the fire was almost out. Luckily small portions of it were sizzling on rear facing end. I found it just as the last embers were 

extinguishing. I watched it come closer and closer I could now see the object clearly it was in front of me and I was now facing forward in my 

seat but the image was still somewhat blurry and faint and it was in a tumble, turning this way and that, end over end, and it continued tumbling 

almost as if in slow motion, My impression at the time was it appeared to be a rock that was somehow uniform and resembling a cube. It was 

square ..leaning slightly towards rectangular, but the corners were curved/rounded. The surface of it was smooth but not flat What I saw was 

gray in color...and this is the strange part I saw a big darker gray circle on one of the sides as it turned to face me, and in some way it seemed 

sort of transparent like an illusion at this point I kept it in my sight through the binoculars and I said to my son, What the hell is that? He said he 

could barely see it now with the naked eye and he was trying (as it turned out unsuccessfully )to take a photo with his phone I watched it and saw 

the circle one more time before the cube shaped rock heading southwest disappeared behind the restaurant building directly in front of me.
