{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5490049.json","updb_database_id":5490049}
{rjl} appeared directly above my head, allowed me to hold it with both hands, appeared two nights in a row, similar each time. Two other events involving crafts

I was 8 years old and laying in bed, in an instant a basketball sized orb appeared directly above my head. It was red and orange in color swirling together inside but had a dim glow around the outside edges. I was stunned at first but became extremely curious having never seen anything like this before. I felt completely at peace and felt a welcoming since of love, as if it knew me and it was welcoming me to embrace it. I can remember I had a big smile on my face and I reached up and with a hand on each side of it I pushed in to see what it felt like. I'm a child mind you but my explanation of how it felt was like a marsh mellow, when I pushed in it pushed back. My experience lasted maybe one minute and then I blacked out walking up the next morning in aww. The very next night it reappeared exactly as it had the night before. Again it allowed me to hold it and I squeezed it as I did before. This experience happened exactly as it had the night before with the same result waking up in the morning totally blown away. For the next week I tried over and over to do exactly what I had done those two night before, wishing it would come back but it didn't. This changed my life forever but that isn't it. I've had two separate experiences from the orb visitations several years later. Into one case, contact was made with one tall, and one short grey where I entered a small circular craft. I was at a secluded area where I kept my horses and as I walked to the corral I was stopped by a 7 to 8 foot tall grey, but the face of the grey had the imagage of my sisters face and she told me it was alright and to go ahead where a small grey walked me to the craft. When I entered I saw another tall grey standing across from me inside the craft and as I walked to the center of the craft I could see what appeared to a radial shaped control panel to my left with a window above it. The small grey told me we would be going straight up and coming straight down and that was the last thing I remember until I was back in the corral. The other event happened at the same location in the back hills where the nearest neighbor was a quarter mile away. I don't know why I decided to walk up a remote path but towards the end of it was a similar sized craft where I saw only one tall grey but this time it didn't have my sisters face. I remember walking towards the being and the next thing I remember was walking back down the path towards the corral wondering what I was doing. Since then I have done nothing but research the UFO phenomenon. I cant quench this thirst for knowledge and have finally decided to reach out for answers and help. I've had regressive hypnosis done but I was unable to be hypnotised. I have the evidence to prove I'm not a fraud, I have one triangular scoop mark that has faded pretty badly, but I have a recent one from 10 years ago that you can still stick the tip of your pinky finger in and clearly see its triangular shape. My wife can testify as to the two brown crusty scabs on the same calf as the scoop mark that I received in the same event and didn't go away for two years although they did leave a scar. My case is real, alien life forms have found an interest in me since I was a little boy and I dont know what it is. My life was changed forever by these events and I just want to talk to someone who knows more about this mysterious thing we call our universe than myself. I am educated holding a BA in Sociology from SDSU and three AAs from SDCC. Its time for me to share my experience with specialist like MUFON, so please, please respond to me if only to have someone who understands this better than me give me a path to support groups, sincerely, [Name removed/cms/tg]
