{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-10-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62325","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5497049.json","updb_database_id":5497049}
{dr}saucer roared over my house when i was a kid.witnessed saucer move over my house then shoot up into space and was gone seconds later

I was eight years old at the time and was playing in my room. At that time my brothers were in their room at the backside of the house. My brothers called out to me and my mom that a bright light was approaching our house. We lived near O'Hara airport so this wasn't unusual but it was the direction of the light that bothered my older brothers. Once I reached their room I could see out the back window a very bright light coming towards us from over the tree tops. The light coming towards us had the effect of blacking out the lights below it as it moved forward. My mom had practiced crash drills as we were close to the airport on a routine basis. We all moved to the center hallway and ducked down near the walls. At that moment all our lights were on and the TV and radio as well. When the object moved directly over our house all the electricity when out at the same time. It was at that precise moment that I broke free from my mothers arms and raced to the living room French windows. I remember with extreme detail that the curtains were blown up to the ceiling as I looked up to see the circular shaped craft roar above our house. It had multi colored lights on its bottom side and moved with frictionless speed across the sky in a straight path. The lights on the bottom of the craft were large window like portals that glowed around the edges. Its movement was like a boat going across the water but leaving no ripples as it moved. It continued straight forward as it cleared the space above our house until it changed course and shot straight up into space and was gone. It took only two seconds for it to go from flying straight forward to flying straight up into space. I remember clearly seeing the bottom of that craft as it shot upwards into space as it was circular and not spinning or vibrating in any manner. The image was burned into my mind until this very day. That moment changed my life in so many ways. I was diagnosed not too long after that with colored blindness in blue green and grey colors. I was reading at a college level and was put into gifted and talented program by ten years of age. I also began to have weird experiences throughout the years of being watched. Also developed a lot of psychic abilities since I was eight years old.
