{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-21 20:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5499049.json","updb_database_id":5499049}
{rjl} Spherical object with multiple direction and elevation changes observed

At 20:23 hours local time (EST), I was sitting on my back deck and looking in the direction of a radio tower approximately one mile to the east. Mostly clear skies and no noticeable wind. A spherical object appeared on the right (south) side of the radio tower, between the first and second lights (going from top down. The object appeared to be farther to the east from me than the radio tower. It was moderately bright, but not painful to look at, and was a whitish-orange-copper in color. It hovered for several seconds, then appeared to move forward (west) towards my location. I say that because its location in relation to the radio tower seemed to change, and the object began to appear larger.

It then made several abrupt changes in direction and elevation, moving up, down, forward and back, but remained within my field of view, my view being framed by trees and corn in the field between my house and the radio tower. I reached into my pocket for my mobile phone, but discovered that the battery was dead. I cannot say absolutely for certain, but I believe my phone to have had at least half-charge immediately before the object appeared. I know the time the incident began, because I looked at my phone as I sat down on the deck and it said "20:23" and the object appeared only a few seconds later.

The object paused on the left (north) side of the tower and seemed to grow white and brighter in color. It also seemed to pulse. I was unable to see any details under the light (no doors, windows, etc.). Dogs around the neighborhood had started to bark loudly, and my own dog was trying to tug me towards the door, wanting to get back inside the house. This is very unusual behavior for her. 

At this time, there was a faint hum audible, like being close to a power substation. Suddenly, the sphere disappeared and just outside where it had been, six smaller spheres with the same whitish-orange-copper coloring appeared. These appeared to be pulsing rapidly, the quality of the humming sound changed to a slightly higher pitch. At this point, my heart condition began to act up, and I developed a headache. The six smaller spheres remained visible only a few more seconds, then simply disappeared from my view. They did not drift away, move away, fall or rise; they were just there one second and gone the next. 

I went back inside my house; the time was 20:31. My heart returned to normal rhythm without any intervention or action, although the headache remained for approximately two hours. Neighborhood dogs continued to bark for perhaps 5 to 10 minutes.
