{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5517049.json","updb_database_id":5517049}
{nd} It looked like the night sky as if it was reflecting the star , but you could pick out the shape

I was up late playing a game on the computer . I had a strange feeling like something wasnt quite right . I cant explain the feeling . So I got up looked around the house making sure evryone was all right and then decided to go outside and have look around the house . I noticed that the frogs and crickets were silent which is very odd for this time of year . I started looking up in the sky and something caught my eye . I kind of set there and made sure my eyes were focussing right . So I looked around the yard and my eyes were fine . When I looked back up in the sky above my back yard the shape was still there as before . It was a very large triangle .This thing was the biggest thing I think Iver ever seen in the sky . I just stood there and studied it for awhile . It looked as if it was trying to cloak itself with stars . You could see the outline perfectly there was no mistaking what it was . I was mesmorized and felt a little uncomfortable at the same time . It was as if it were projecting the stars onto its body . I set and watched this thing for a good thirty minutes or so and it just stayed stationary . I went in and got a soda and talked to my wife for a few minutes then went back outside to see if this craft was doing anything . I looked and searched the sky and it was gone . I didn't hear any noises or smell anything no laser beams or explicit lights . It was something that I cant explain . I attached a pic I found off the web that could best show what I seen shape wise . As again I want to stress that it didn't have any bright lights .It was like it was comflauging itself upthere so that it wouldnt be visible . I am wondering if anyone else seen this . It gigantic ....
