{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-12 18:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5283049.json","updb_database_id":5283049}
2 lights moving together, at first

My backyard is on the south side of the house. I live close to the mountains to the east, where during this time of night, Orion looks to be half covered by high mountain horizon. I have a fairly unobstructed view of the night sky apart from my house and the neighbors house, but that is easily correct by walking into my yard. It's a new neighborhood and has no large trees. 

My friend and I where bbqing some stakes about a hour after sunset in my back yard. We were in and out of the back sliding door a few times while cooking. I always love looking for satellites during this time of night as the sun is fully behind the horizon for me, but is still shining on near earth satellites. I saw a few here and there but nothing significant, I was hoping for starlink again! After grabbing some seasoning for the stakes from inside the house, I waked out the back sliding door to attend to the grill and my friend closely followed. I look up as I've done many times before and noticed 2 very bright (more than Venis magnitude) objects in the west sky at about 45° of the horizon. I at fist though they where satellites, but the brightness was startlingly. I said to my friend with out looking at him and asked "Are you seeing this" to wich he replied " oh ya!"
The second light seamed to follow the first in a straight line, separated by about 2 outstretched hand widths apart. My eyes and my braid could not agree with how far away they where. My eyes said 15k-25k ft. (I like to play a game where I guess the high of a airplane climbing out of slc airport over our neighborhood, after confirming on a app, I find I'm usually within a few thousand.) My brain still was convinced it was satellites. Then the fists light stopped in mid flight, and started dimming. The second light then sped up to 4x its original speed, without any transition time from one speed to another. The second light quickly overtook the first light just before the first light faided away. When the second light overtook the first light, it too stared to faid away until I couldn't see it anymore. I tried to see where the first light was but it too was gone. 
It was very clear that the first light stopped, as it was clearly passing stars in the sky, then it was not, the second light clearly changed speed, as it was covering a outstretched had width evry second, to more than 4x that. The second light continued across the sky at a ecxelerated rate for about 5 seconds before completely failing away. 

We both scrambled for our phones but didn't get them out in time. I took some video after of other objects, but they were just planes and other satellites. Nothing like what we both saw. I'll add it just for authenticity reasons.
