{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-02 08:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2309,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5519049.json","updb_database_id":5519049}
Lights and orb at Bluewater Bridge

The witness Trudy W. started by explaining that she has been going through a Spiritual awakening in the last few months. She is becoming more aware of what1s going on in the world and to the belief of UFOs. 
She was on her way to work in Port Huron from her home in Sarnia April 2,2012 at 8:25 A.M. about a 2-3 minute drive. Witness was sitting at the Bluewater Bridge waiting to go through customs and noticing a beautiful blue sky with small puffy clouds. She was thinking it would be a good to see a UFO. Then she saw an object thinking at first it was a bird then she knew it wasn1t. The object was glistening in the sun. It was off the corner of the customs building then behind the building and then back into her line of vision. The object was round and thick not flat with violet and green lights pulsating underneath. Seemed to be floating and drifting. She was trying to get her phone out of her purse and when she looked back up there were two. The second was a white orb. She wasn1t sure if it was smaller or farther away. She was next to go through the customs line even though she has a nexus allowing her tvero get through quicker she was disappointed the objects were gone when she got to the other side. She was very excited and couldn1t wait tot tell people. 
She feels great and uplifted since the sighting . She could not believe no one else saw them. Even a customs agent sitting in his car appeared not to be aware of the objects.
Trudy feels it was a personal event. This has added to her spiritual awakening and feels like she has awakened from a sleep.
Trudy is a 61 year old mother of four and a nurse. At this time she is separated.
Unknown UAV
Connie Overy
