{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-10-08 22:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5501049.json","updb_database_id":5501049}
Two pulsating lights side by side, one red and one green, hovering above the road. The car passed right underneath it. The lights followed the car, then disappeared. Moments later a white light appeared beside the car, flashed brigth, then vanished.

My mother and I were driving across the mountain one night as we both started to feel strange. We knew that area very well, but all of a sudden we could not recognise where we were or any of the surroundings. A few minutes later, as we were making our way down the mountain, I saw a clear red and green light pulsating in the valley below. The strange sensation continued as we discussed why there would be roadwork in the valley at this late hour. Mere minutes after reaching the valley itself, the lights suddenly appeared above the road as we came around a bend. The lights were situated side by side at least a car-length apart, one pulsating brightly as the other dimmed in a repeated cycle. The surrounding terrain was dark and undisturbed by the lights. It was so close at that point that we had no time to stop, but ended up driving directly underneath it. I bent forward and look up at it, but I have no memory of what I saw, I only remember feeling that it was a bad idea to look up at it while beeing this close. My mother was terrified, but I felt no fear as I begged her to stop the car and drive back. She refused to turn around, but agreed to stop so that I could take pictures. As I looked back at the lights I noticed how quiet everything was, and I realised that this thing couldnt possibly be a helicopter. I got back in the car and we left the area, but minutes later we noticed that the lights followed at a distance. We both got scared at this point. It followed for several minutes, then suddenly disappeared. We thought that was the end of it, but then my mother yelled that there was another light on her side of the car, across the river just above the treetops. This light was bright white and followed the car briefly through the twists and turns of the terrain. Suddenly the white orblike light flashed brightly twice, illuminating the treetops below, then it was gone too. 

For months after this incident we both felt very disoriented whenever we passed through the valley. The few scattered houses seemed to come in the wrong order, the landscape was strangely unfamiliar and I didnt even remember the large bridge crossing the river, and thats been there my whole life. I also experienced a severe headache with a following nosebleed after this event, which repeated itself the following year on the exact date of the first.
