{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-21 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5510049.json","updb_database_id":5510049}
Orange Red - Lantern-Like Objects Flying In Formation

It was around 10:35 or 10:40pm EST in North Mississauga, Ontario was reading in bed and noticed between the California blind slats a large orange light. At first I thought it was a flare. I rushed to the window. I tried to take pictures, but my digital camera could not focus and was getting the screen and was not working. I did then run out and tell my wife...jumped on our wooden deck and watched the last object trail behind the formation. I think the event, when I checked my watch officially ended at 10:45pm or so. Below is what I wrote minutes after the event:

"....a few min ago I spotted 4 lantern like objects from my bedroom window - orange glow moving slowly and silently from N to NW direction. Low on the horizon in a staggered formation...if anyone else has seen this let me know...squarish lantern-like object with steady fire-orange light - no flash or strobe...."

The day after I contacted YYZ Airport Operations - Lester B Pearson. It was their first call of this nature according to the help desk (Airport Ops). I asked if I could get any radar confirmation of aircraft giving off a locator beacon flying in the Milton / N. Mississauga between 10:40 and 10:45pm June 21st. The person said that he would ask the "tower" to see if that information was available. If the radar saw objects but no locator beacon I thought we would have some kind of confirmation.

I said the lights (lantern-like objects) moved in formation, silently Northward and across what seemed to be from my perspective four or five house-tops - then turned into the clouds and disappeared in the northwest direction. When they turned there was no change in lighting...again..the fire red lantern-type illumination persisted. No fade, or change in light or exhaust indication. There was an ever-so-slight greyish out-line that made it look square and hence the lantern reference. The objects just moved in what appeared to be a northwest direction into the clouds - but its lighting characteristics did not change - it remained orange-red until it was covered by cloud.

I have lived outside the YYZ west-bound air-path for 12 years and know the local air traffic well. This was like nothing I had ever seen - nor could explain. If a regular jet line was a single dimension in size (white head-lights, flashing lights etc upon approach) this orange light was 4 to 5 times that size. It was just above the house-tops - so a 45 degree angle. Distance and speed hard to tell, but it moved across my horizon - perhaps 6 house tops within a few minutes - under 5000 ft moving at a few hundred miles an hour? What made it stand out - it was large, flew in formation, silent and brighter than a jet-liner, lantern-like. It think it would be pretty-well impossible for anyone standing in the back-yard looking up to have not seen these lights. I don't know if it was some summer solstice festivel or a special terrestrial craft. I'd like to have a corroborating sighting or news from YYZ radar. Again, it would be impossible for radar not to seen these objects if they were airborne vehicles.
