{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-16 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117343","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5286049.json","updb_database_id":5286049}
Triangular Craft observed by 2 witnesses

Disclaimer: I do not remember the date exactly, but I know it was around 2011 in the summer. I am an avid aircraft enthusiast and drone pilot. I work as a engineering technician for a major company. I wrote down-in high detail, the series of events as I had witnessed them immediately after. Including approximate speed, altitude, size, shape, etc. Somehow, this document completely vanished days after writing it. The fact that this could’ve been misplaced does not escape me, although I find it odd, especially with it holding so much importance to me. 
Sighting: My cousin and I were relaxing in the pool late night at approx 1:25am at my grandparents house in Whitney, Texas. We had my 2005 Mazda 6 backed up to the pool with both doors open listening to music softly. ( I know the exact time because after we spotted the object we immediately ran inside to wake the house and took note) I was facing the West when I noticed a very bright peach-colored ball in the sky. From my vantage point I estimate the initial sphere of light to be somewhere around 100’ across. This catches my attention and lasts for maybe 1 second. The bright sphere dissipates and out of it a triangular craft is left at approx center. I cannot remember as to whether or not the sphere was moving initially or if this craft came out of it. (Thinking on this over the years, I compare it to a forcefield vs. wormhole type situation) I approximate it’s speed to be very slow especially for its shape and design. Approx. 100-200mph. Shortly after the craft was visible (maybe within 5 seconds or so) my radio completely shuts off. It is dead silent and absolutely zero noise. However, I do not remember any street lights or the lights on my vehicle dimming or going out. I cannot confirm this as I was so transfixed on the object. It absolutely affected my radio though. I assume it was a passive effect caused by something onboard the craft. We both observed the craft in complete disbelief for 10-15 seconds until it disappeared behind a large tree. This movement was from left to right and did not waiver whatsoever. It was an absolute perfect straight line (I compare it’s flight characteristics to sliding a glass across a bar). As soon as visual coverage was lost my radio came back on and I immediately ran inside the house to wake my Grandparents and father who was staying there at the time. I grabbed a sheet of paper and documented the entire thing. At one point I had fairly accurate numbers based on my line of site, approx altitude and size, that I used to calculate speed. This craft was absolutely and unequivocally not anything in our-or anyone else’s Arsenal. It did not make sense physically nor aerodynamically. It was not an F-117, B-2, flying wing, etc. etc. It is not possible for something like this to remain airborne at its current configuration, speed and with no noise. One thing that has puzzled me is how I was able to see the bottom of the craft as well as I did with it being so dark other than stars and street lamps. It did block out stars as it travelled past. it was solid and low. I knew as I observed this craft that it was something I would more than likely never see again. It kickstarted a life of research on the topic. I know what I saw was real and it was not of this world.
