{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5492049.json","updb_database_id":5492049}
{jpg} Spinning chrome orb like a silver coin moved E to SE hovered flashed and disappeared, multiple fisherman witnesess.

On my balcony in Preston overlooking Torbay, Devon, UK, looking East towards Thatcher Rock. Great visibility about 7pm on a Summer evening. The sun was behind the house and was still relatively high above the horizon. There was little cumulus and the wind was light. It was about 1 hour before high tide, fisherman were at the sea wall on the sea front. About 25-30' above the horizon looking East I witnessed a spinning orb for about 6-9 seconds. It just appeared from thin air, it looked like a spinning coin that flashed at a regular frequency. The spinning orb moved to my right towards Berry Head Brixham about 1/2 mile from the end of the peninsula. The flashing appeared to intensify and the spinning orb disappeared. During the incident I checked myself and looked away towards Torquay and returned my sight to the anomaly and it was still there. When the anomaly disappeared I held up my right hand to gauge the size of the craft. It was about half the size of my little finger nail, gauging the distance was difficult but appeared to be within 3-4nm of my location. The craft made no noise and moved laterally without elevation change. After the incident I went down and spoke to some fisherman about what had happened. One group said they saw it another group did not want to talk. I have lived all over the planet and have witnessed anomalies in Sierra Leone, Africa, Northern California (likely Beale AFB air traffic) and hot spots in the South West of England. I am not afraid of witnessing these occurrences. I worked in Northern California for many years and have credible stories and professional witnesses that have seen and shared occurrences. I knew a fellow sailor who worked for the FBI in the ET investigative branch based in SF. He shared stories that they were aware of 5 species of ET. 3 Friendly 2 hostile. This is going back 20 years now. They were capable of radar tracking craft as far as Saturn. The information still scares me today. We are being observed and we need to make peace and settle our human petty differences and respect our planet, or else something worse will happen..
