{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-20 23:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526049","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29660","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/049/mufon-5526049.json","updb_database_id":5526049}
2 flashing red-orange lights that turned into one light and eventually back into two.

I was sitting on my back porch at about 11:40 at night. It wasn't long before I noticed some flashing lights to my left up in the sky. I live near an air force base so i'm used to seeing planes and flashing lights but these lights caught my attention. I observed the two red-orange lights flicker/flash and soon realized they weren't two separate objects, but they were the lights of one craft moving together. I can't quite explain the distance apart, but they were definitely too far apart to be any normal airplane. Eventually the lights, which were moving rather fast, became just one light; or shall I say one light disappeared. One light flashed by itself for approximately 15 seconds. As soon as the second light reappeared a third light seemed to flash 2-3 times right behind the first light. That's when my interest really peaked. By this time the lights had traveled pretty far across the sky and that's when I noticed that the two separate lights moving together were actually 1 light spinning in a super fast circle. It also seemed to have a slight slant to it. For the next minute and a half, approximately, the spinning light moved further and further away until it couldn't be seen anymore. What impressed me the most was how fast it made its way across the sky. Also, the way the lights flashed/flickered were unlike any flashes i've seen in the sky before. The seemed to skip almost and it became more clear once I realized the two lights were just 1 light spinning fastly around its ship. I first thought it was just an airplane, I see them all the time. But as it made its way across the sky and started turning from 2 to 1 to 3 and back to 2 lights rotating, I figured I was observing something very different. Over the past 2 years I have become a believer in ET but have still remained a skeptic. I never expected to have my own UFO encounter, and still wonder if it was some unknown military craft or indeed a UFO. I attempted to take a video but my camera isn't the best and I couldnt seem to capture or focus on the lights.
