{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-04 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5509767.json","updb_database_id":5509767}
{nd} Glowing light went up like a slow firework, turned 90-degrees and flew past me overhead.

I was sitting in a lawn chair chatting with my cousin after we finished doing 4th of July fireworks in the driveway. We were chatting and listening to the bigger public fireworks in the distance which were mostly over by that time. We were on a hill and down the hill from us to the north was a really tall evergreen tree. I guess it was about 100 feet away. I noticed a yellow-gold light ascending behind it. I thought it was a firework on its way up before it exploded. That would have been unusual to have one of those launched kinds in the residential area but my cousins had said earlier that some of their neighbors shot off illegal ones last year that they must have bought out of state. I assumed thats what that was. It never exploded though and it just kept ascending. By this point, I had mentioned it to my cousin I was sitting with. He said, "yeah, that orange light? Wonder what that is." We watched it ascend behind the tree but we had a pretty clear view as the evergreen was scraggly and had a lot of space between the branches. Now, were both watching it and I think it looked a little like a comet with a faint tail or maybe just teardrop-shaped. From where I was standing on the ground, the light traveled to above the top of that tree - so, you could draw a straight line from my eye to the top of the tree and up even more in that same line to the glowing object. It turned 90-degrees and started traveling south in a straight line above us a little to our west. It was traveling toward the crest of the hill/butte that we were on. My cousin and I were discussing what we thought it might be. He had a strong green laser pointer in his pocket that his son had been playing with. He shined it at the object and joked that if that were an aircraft, what he was doing was illegal. I mentioned that I thought it was a firework ember floating across the sky. But, it would have gone out long before that, where was the rest of the firework and I realized that it was moving pretty fast. The light was dimmer then and continued to get dimmer as it moved on. By this point, his wife came out and noticed what we were looking at and watched it travel away until it was gone. She mentioned how strangely fast it was going. I was getting a bit concerned since I had no rational explanation as to what it was. I started to see a faint outline of a round object as the light got dimmer. It was about the size of a dime or a pea. It, probably ridiculously, reminded me of the floating lights in the Disney movie Tangled. When I could see the outline, the light appeared to be glowing in the center of that small object. I lost sight of it as it got farther off to the south, just before the crest of the hill and the treeline. When it was gone, we tried to discuss what it was but had no words other than UFO.
