{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-15 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5462767.json","updb_database_id":5462767}
{tjd} Basketball sized Red glowing light orb, floated up from edge of lake Erie to tree top level

My self my 3 year old son, and my wife's uncle went outside in the early spring of 2014 (as best as I can remember, dates and times are approximate) at approximately 10:30 pm we went outside to see the international space station fly over. It was a cool spring night with a clear sky and zero cloud cover,little or no wind. After we observed the fly over we stayed outside and chatted in the driveway for a bit. After about a half hour I noticed a red light through the woods across the street in the direction of lake Erie to the north at about horizon level above the shore line. The woods are part of lake Erie state park and there is a rocky cliff at the edge of the woods that drops straight off to the rocky beach below (30 ft) We watched it as it moved through the trees toward us very slowly and gained some elevation until it was about tree top level. Once it rose above the trees I could see it was a basketball sized spere glowing red orange, not very bright just a glow. It moved very slowly and just sort of drifted toward us at just above tree top level until it was over the road very close to us then headed in a westerly direction above the road. It was close enough for me to hit it with a rock if I threw one. I would say 30 to 40 foot away. I could see underneath it and could tell it was not a Chinese lantern, it had no hole or opening at the bottom. The light did not flicker at all just a solid dull glow. I pulled out my cell phone to take a picture and my battery was dead. Just due to being run down, I dont believe the object had any effect on it. It moved horizontally along the road for about 100 ft the moved at a 45 degree angle upward at the same slow speed until it was out of site. I've included some photos of its flight path, where we were standing and its approximate size and height compared to the trees. These are NOT photos of the object just me showing you where it appeared in relation to where we stood and saw it. When I first thought it was a person with a military flashlight with a red signal lens on it until it began to move upward. Then when it was above the trees I thougt it was a Chinese lantern until I was almost under it and saw that it was not. Our feelings were just that of curiosity, no fear, my son was alseep on my shoulder, me and my wife's uncle stay for about 15 more mins talking about what the heck it might have been.
