{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-15 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5503767.json","updb_database_id":5503767}
{dr}UFO in sky-dropped out an object that 'observed' me

I1m doing a numbered format that follows your written instructions to write my report so that, hopefully, you can better understand this rather bizarre and unusual event. The beginning of my story is boring, but please keeps reading b/c the story WILL get WERID, and maybe----just maybe--it can be a significant puzzle piece to the giant puzzle that you all are trying to piece together and figure out. Thank you. 

1.) I was in the back alley of my house. (I have stray cats that I feed; but they hadn1t come yet. I was looking for one of the cats that was pregnant, and I was worried about her babies.) My house isn1t far from the back alley of the house. (I1m horrible with feet estimations.) But I1d say the back porch/yard of my house is about1for lack of the proper knowledge1about two in ground, family-sized swimming pools away from the back alley where I feed my strays. I know it was about 9pm because it had just gotten dark, and that1s what time it begins to get dark that time of year where I live. 

2.) I noticed the object because it would have been virtually impossible *not* to notice the object. 

3.) Well, since the object was fairly low-flying, I knew it wasn1t a plane or balloon or other such easily-identified flying vehicles. Plus, planes, etc. are not circular/orbs, nor do they glow a fiery, beautiful, bright orange color. So I reckoned it wasn1t something that is publicly known regarding military or new private-sector experimental flight vehicles because I just can1t see them making a 1fireball1 vehicle. But what do I know?? 

SO, I thought 1it1 was something unknown to (most of the) public. 

4.) Okay. So, the orb like bright orange1for lack of a better term11fire ball1 flew away. (by the way, this wasn1t the typical 1ghost1 orb. It was way bigger than those 1ghost orbs1 folks have taken pics of, yet not super large either.) Anyway, as it flew away, it DROPPED 1something1 out of it. I cannot tell if it dropped out/released its object on PURPOSE, *or* the dropped object 1CRASHED1, involuntarily into the neighbor1s tree in my back alley. The 1dropped1 OR 1fallen out1 object was either black or dark gray. Now here1s the SUPER WEIRD part1.

The object that either purposely dropped into the tree or accidentally crashed into the tree was robotic I assume. I say this because it did something: let me explain. Okay, for describing purposes, , , picture a black Jack In The Box child1s toy for the next story portion11 This dark object was not that much bigger than a Jack In The Box, nor was it much different than one!!! As I watched the black object, a smaller1again for lack of better words1strobe-like or snake-neck-like object protruded from the middle of the original small black object that fell/crashed./dropped purposely into the tree. On the top of the 1neck1 or 1snake-like neck1 there was an EYE. (not a real human eye, , , just something like a robotic eye). And therein lies my 15 minutes: ME watching the 1EYE1 watching ME!!! I know it1s weird, but it is what it is. Or was what it was. 

The 1eye1 scope watched me for about 15minutes until I realized that my dad would have LOVED to have been witness to this strange event, regardless of what it was (even if it wasn1t anything super special like a UFO or what have you; it would have been fun for my poor dad, and it was still a unique experience! But he missed it). SO, upon that realization, , , I ran into the house (again, a fairly short distance, in that it probably took me about 10 seconds to run into the house11then another four to five minutes to TRY to explain something so weird to someone----so that they understand you enough to really want to come out and SEE!!!  

6.) HOWEVER, and of COURSE, my poor dad missed it. It was just gone! So I1m SO sorry to disappoint you by NOT being able to tell you how/when it 1flew1 away!!! I mean obviously it 1went1 away from between about four to five minutes----give or take 45 seconds or so1. 

(I did number 5 and 6 in reverse because it makes it easier for me to relate my 1feelings1 about it at the END of the story, verses the number five instruction you give. So here it goes1)

5.) How I felt.
Well, I checked, 1affected my physiologically1 whilst filling this report because I think I *was* affected, , , in that, , , I consider myself reasonably intelligent. I would have thought to run and show my dad ANYTHING weird, fun, unique, exciting, etc, etc. Especially a weird, robotic MOVING, small object with a 1NECK1 and an 1observation eye1!!! However, I was mesmerized. I didn1t move, sit to rest my feet, move my eyes off it, or anything for the whole 15 minutes. I was like, 1locked-in-gaze1 with it (and it me). Like I said, I read a little; but I don1t know much at all! Yet, it wouldn1t take an PRO to figure out that it was observing me. And, I hate to add this because I1m quite sure it1ll make me see 1crazy1 or an unreliable witness; but a women kind of knows when she1s been stared at or watched. I 1felt1 it was definitely watching/observing me, and I was pretty transfixed. It was only when I snapped out of it, , , that I was able to fetch my dad (too late to see anything). It took me 15 minutes to form my own thought (of my dad). 

I don1t know if there1s any info I might have accidentally forgotten OR anyone would like or any questions. I1m very nice. I like people, and I wouldn1t mind answering anything at all. I guess since I1m not allowed to put my personal info, you1d have to contact MUFON and ask them. But I1d sure like to know if anyone1s had a smiliar experience. You hear 1UFO1 stories over the year; but I1ve YET to hear one that a person has a close incounter with a ROBOTIC entity! I1d SURE like to talk to someone else if there1s someone out there. TOO bad I can1t leave my email1 Ahh well1. 

Bright Blessings to you all,

S 

P.S. It was moving its 1neck1. Like a snake would do to look into a hole or something. And it definitely appeared robotic (not organic entity, but who knows!!!). 
Email me if you want me to email you my sketch. Sorry I didn't have a camera. I'm not a 'sky-watcher'. Just was looking for my stray cats that I feed. I didn't realize the MUFON form would have an upload option. I wasn't prepated! Sorry! So I'll draw what I saw FIRST THING tomorrow morning (April 2nd), and I'll have it available for you by 5pm EST. if interested. Peace everyone!!!
