{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5515767.json","updb_database_id":5515767}
(GS) White round light becomes white cluster of round lights, then becomes a string of trailing lights, turns orange, turns red, all balls twinkle and disappear.

maps.google.com GPS location: (Item moved/CMS/GS)

I was driving at 75 MPH on I-10, about 10 miles East of Quartzsite, heading East towards Phoenix. Around 10PM, my wife awoke from sleeping in the front passenger seat. She was lying on her right side, facing the passenger window towards the SouthEast, and the full moon was high in the sky. She saw a cluster of bright white lights just over the top of the mountains, which quickly spread out into a string of 6-10 identical round lights, all of which turned orange in unison, and then they turned red. Elapsed time was around 10 seconds. She said to me, "Look, it looks like Santa Claus". I looked out the right front passenger window, and saw a formation of perfectly round red lights, and I could see the Santa Clause likeness, mainly due to the fact that the leading red light was highest, followed by a second light which was slightly lower, and so on. All the red lights were in a perfect line behind each other. Even though it resembled the pattern of a typical reindeer and sleigh wed see in the movies, I was really mystified at seeing such a strange formation in the desert sky. Being an electronic engineer, I also noted that each red light had a geometrically longer relationship to the previous light, there was an undeniable symmetry to their spacing, which was also growing in length over time. The string of red balls appeared to be flying away from us slowly, and we were looking at the West facing side of the cluster, and the cluster appeared to be heading in the SouthWest direction. Within 20 more seconds they all began flickering, and disappeared simultaneously without any trace or remnants. There was no smoke, and no typical trails that flares would leave behind. I would estimate their distance from us at 2-4 miles, their altitude at around 1,500 - 2,000 feet above our elevation. My best guess at the size of each round light would be around 3-6 feet in diameter.

As we travelled down the highway, we both had our eyes glued to the sky over the mountains, and I had a tough time keeping my eyes on the road. As we rounded a wide right turn in the road about 2-3 minutes later, we both saw the very beginning of a second identical event. We had travelled farther down the road, so this cluster was farther to our right, almost behind us, but still visible through the rear part of the passenger window. A single white ball of light, becoming a cluster of white light balls, quickly spreading into an expanding string of seemingly geometrically connected light balls, which simultaneously turned orange, and then they became red, flying slowly away towards the SouthEast. The straight-line string of light balls showed the same upward angle as earlier, with the leading one being the highest. We were now seeing the cluster from the East side of it, and Id estimate it had reappeared in almost the same location as earlier above the mountains. The whole cluster went through the same color changes and disappeared as previously, again in about 30 seconds from the start of the event.

We saw a car pull over to the side of the road to take pictures of the lights, and then at the next offramp we saw a semi truck pull off and the driver got out, looking up in the direction of the lights.

Travelling about 5 more minutes down the road, we saw a third and final event, but this one was different. I saw a white ball above the mountains, considerably larger than the background stars, and pointed it out to my wife. The white ball suddenly became three white balls. The two new balls shot out horizontally from the center ball, one to the left, and one to the right, in perfect alignment and distance from the center ball. They shot out very quickly, and they both stopped instantly, equidistant from the center ball. There was no acceleration or decay in their motion, it seemed very digital, but we did see them come from the original center ball. The three white balls seemed to be moving South (away from us), as I detected them slowly getting smaller. They never changed color, always bright white. After about 10 seconds from the beginning, all three white balls flickered and disappeared over a couple of seconds.

We got off the next offramp, I had a strong desire to find a dirt road leading out there. My main frustration was the inability to hear anything from inside the car with road noise. The dirt road we chose did not head to the South, it was just a short East-West frontage road, so we headed back to the I-10 and went to Phoenix.

When we described what we saw to my son in New River, he referenced and event called the Phoenix Lights several years ago. We looked up several pictures on the internet, and some of them look quite similar to the light ball patterns we witnessed. We did not see any "V" shaped patterns as those reported in the Phoenix Light events.

I suppose its possible that the military now has smokeless self propelled flying flares, which intelligently communicate with each other so as to control their distance from each other, matching each others speed, color, and brightness. And, in the case of the 3rd event, they also must have the ability to defy the normal physics of moving objects. We saw no aircraft in the area.
