{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5492767.json","updb_database_id":5492767}
{cak} Appeared to be in trouble over Camp Pendleton. White debris coming from bottom. Appeared to be on fire inside.

My ex-husband (who was in the Navy stationed at Long Beach on the Bonhomme Richard) and I were on Camp Pendleton Marine Base to visit his brother in or about Sept. or Oct. of 1965. After our visit with ex's brother we went to the bus pick up spot on base, but the buses were not running any more because of the lateness of the day. We called for a taxi many times, but they never got to us. They kept picking up people on their way to us. An MP had driven by us several times and finally stopped when it got dark to ask us what we were doing there. We told him so he contacted someone over his radio who told him to take us to the bus depot at Oceanside, CA.

The three of us - the MP, my ex and I, were all seated in the front seat of the truck, with me sitting between the men. As we came around a bend we all three were shocked to see a huge stationary object in the sky that appeared to be in trouble because items that looked like strings of white hot fire were falling from the bottom of the object.

The sky was glowing with an aura of light of many colors that shimmered together: white, silver, blue, green, gold. The sky surrounding the object and the ground below it were lit up by the brightness of the aura and the glowing of the object. 

The object appeared to be glowing very brightly as if lighted up by an unknown source. The object itself was vibrant white. It's shape was longer from top to bottom than from side to side. It was flat on the top and bottom. From the top the object went straight down for a bit and then started widening like a tea cup top that gets wider at the top, but this was wider at the middle of the object. The bottom was like the top, but turned upside down from the top so the wide sections of the top and bottom met in the middle of the object. The middle of the object was indented a little with what appeared to be window portals that went around the entire object.

I'm not sure how to describe this correctly/accurately, but will do my best. Out of the bottom of the object could be seen falling trailing light that we knew in our minds was fire, but our eyes saw glowing white with blue, green and gold auras. These streams were falling toward the ground that wasn't too far from the hovering object. It was as though something inside blew up and/or was on fire.

I don't know when it disappeared from our sight. Heck, everyone at Camp Pendleton, Oceanside, surrounding areas HAD to see it. But I don't remember going from the spot where we first saw it, the next amount of time (which I have no idea how long that was as we were driving) that we observed it, and then I vaguely remember saying thank you and good-bye to the MP. The next thing I am aware of is that we were standing at the ticket booth at the bus station. I don't remember the ride back on the bus to Long Beach and my ex and I never talked about it again because we didn't have it in the fore part of our minds/memory.

I will try to address our feelings here: When we first saw the object, we were all shocked. We kept trying to determine what it was and what the heck our eyes were seeing. The MP radioed someone who came back to him in an agitated state and yelled at him to, "Get those civilians off this base NOW! We are closing the base." We all three kept looking up at the object which appeared to be very close to us.

From here on I can only tell you how I, personally, felt. I do not presume to guess how the guys felt. I wasn't afraid in any way for myself nor anyone else in the vicinity. I was amazed and curious. I FELT the object was in trouble. I felt as though I could hear, in my head, voices inside the object that were highly agitated and fearful. I know, this sounds crazy and I even hate to say it, but it is what it was. I didn't know how anyone could get up to the object, that was huge, to help them. I felt concern about this. At this point, I have some loss of memory stuff going on. I don't remember getting off the base nor losing sight of the object.

I listened to the news on radio and tv and looked in the paper for any references to this event. I found none. It was as if it didn't happen. I know I didn't make this up. I know it isn't a fantasy. But I cannot prove it. I don't even have any pictures except for the one I attempted to draw - I'm no artist - and attach to this report.

As for witnesses, I don't know the MP nor his name, my ex-husband passed away several years ago, but lots of people in the Camp Pendleton vicinity should have seen it.

I would very much appreciate knowing if anyone else ever reported seeing this event and if so, what they have/had to say about it. Thank you all for your efforts to avail this kind of information to "us".
