{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-19 21:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5497767.json","updb_database_id":5497767}
{rjl} Spotted in area known for dense forest; one rather bright light with occassional flashes of smaller lights (red, green, orange)

On the evening of November 19, 2014, my four-year-old daughter and I were returning home from church (which is located in Marquette, MI). We reside in a location called Arnold, Michigan; which is located approximately 40 miles south of Marquette. The highway we were traveling to reach Arnold, is known as County Road 557.

It was roughly 16 miles down this road (heading south), that she and I both spotted a very bright light in the sky, located to the right of the vehicle. Initially I thought it could be a spotlight shining up from a local camp we were nearing, but upon passing the camp I realized it was far too bright for a spotlight to make that kind of illumination.

We rounded a corner and lost sight of the light for a few seconds, it then appeared to the left of the vehicle further ahead; approximately 50-100 feet above the treeline. I pulled the vehicle over when there was a break in the trees, and it could be spotted more easily. After observing the light for about 20 seconds, I felt rather assured that it was not moving, but rather hovering over the trees (note, there are no residences, camps, or buildings of any type in the area this was spotted; only dense forest). I put down my driver side window all of the way, sticking my head out to listen for any type sound that my be emitted from this object; but it was silent. I also noted there were very random flashings of smaller (much smaller) lights flashing around the lower portion of where the main bright light was located. These were red, orange, and green in color. The bright light we initially spotted however, remained steady. 

Approximately 10 more seconds into this visual and auditory observation (my head still out of the window), the object suddenly and very rapidly darted to the north (the direction we had just been traveling from). The speed at which I will not try to estimate, but it was not fast enough that my eye could not be kept on it. But I can say with certainty it appeared to be faster than what a plane would travel. (We do have an airport, Sawyer International, which is located in the town of Gwinn...planes do not typically come in from this direction to land however).

At this juncture, I had not said much aloud. Although I was feeling rattled and a bit unsure of what we were witnessing, I did not want my daughter to be scared. I do remember saying, "What is that?" "It looks like it's not moving." She must have sensed my unease though, because she asked in a shaky tone if we "could go now". I put up the window, told her it was probably an airplane, and continued down the road. There was no sight of the object in the rear view mirror from what I could see.

My adrenaline was pumping; I do not discount anything being possible in this universe, but personally (until that moment at least), I had not subscribed to the belief in UFO's. The next thing that happened has shifted my thinking.

We traveled on, my daughter in the back saying we had to tell Papa (that would be my father), about the bright light in the sky. I was in the front saying a prayer for God to calm my nerves! We were approximately 3 to 4 miles down the road from where we had pulled over, when again, the bright light was up ahead to our left. This particular part of the highway is a stretch about 1/2 mile long; I could catch sight of the illumination every now and then through the trees as we neared it. As we came closer, I did not stop this time, but did slow down to look. As before, it hovered about 50-100 feet above the treeline to the left of the vehicle; the bright light was still radiant and constant, with the other (smaller) lights flashing at random intervals. As we passed it (going maybe 25 mph) it was clear this object was 1) not an airplane 2) stationary 3) a replica of what we had just seen and/or 4) possibly the same object we had witnessed. Passing by, the object did not dart away, or move in any fashion as it had last time. We traveled the reamining seven miles home without any further sightings. 

This second sighting a few miles down the road, really cemented the experience. Later that evening, after my daugher was asleep, I hit the Internet to find more information about UFO sightings in Michigan's Upper Penninsula. It was astounding to see how many people have documented situations and descriptions similar to my own. There was some hesitation with sharing this sighting, but after giving it some thought, I realized that it is prior testimonies that are helping ME digest what it is we saw that evening; and maybe this story can help another come forward.
