{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-31 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452767","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/767/mufon-5452767.json","updb_database_id":5452767}
Orange Lights, about 20 of them

My husband was the first to observe the over 20 orange lights, seeing them as he was retrieving items out of his car in the driveway. He called me out and by that time there were still least fifteen of them. We have some videos but you really can't see anything but you can hear our amazement. Both my husband and I took the video with our phones, my husbands cheaper phone did better than my expensive phone. I did retrieve a pair of really good binoculars out of the car and could focus more on watching the lights. The most interesting thing was that when I was watching one of the lights others seemed to appear from behind it, or it split. The lights all hovered for a while and then went different directions, half went West and the other half went East, the traveled in a straight line one following the other. Both my husband and I watched the light for well over thirty minutes. I do believe that these lights were intelligently controlled but maybe they were like drones or some type of mapping scouts? not really sure. Here is what we are both sure off, they were not balloons of any type, not any type of kites. There was no wind that night and even if there was where these UFOs were they were not propelled by any type of wind. They all flew at the same speed, they did not seem rushed. As a side note, my husband and I saw the same type of orange light around 1994, we lived in a different house and saw them form a different road but the same small town. The lights were in a seemingly same spot, there were around 10 of them and they were in a more random positions and would change these potions by going side to side, and up and down. They stayed in the same general area for over half an hour and maybe longer, we did not have time to stay any longer. These were the same color, the same distance, and the same location.
