Date                         Date
  Case N°:             2255                        30-06-2026                          03-07-2026
                                      Report:                     Resolution:

   Location:            Peñalolén        Region:     Metropolitana    Classification:        Resolved


                 He reported having seen and photographed an aerial anomaly at 17:00 hours on
                 30 May 2026 from the commune of Peñalolén, Metropolitan Region of Santiago.
Summary:
He described the reported sighting as a "silver sphere, approximately '1 meter' in size, seen directly in a clear sky, always to the north of a witness, until 'it rose and disappeared'."

The witness described their experience as: "I went to buy bread, saw a spherical object in the sky, took a picture of it, and it rose into the sky."

Along with the report, the file "IMAGE.jpeg" from Figure 1 was submitted.

Investigation:
Figure 1

                 The study included the previously described image, whose metadata are presented in
                 Figure 2.

                 The dates marked with a light blue rectangle are the moment the information was
                 extracted and have no relation to the image. Furthermore, within a red rectangle,
                 it highlights that the horizontal and vertical resolutions are
Values left when editing the content of the depicted.

                                   Figure 2

The location was georeferenced with the information provided by the user:
"Alejandro Sepúlveda with Llanura, Peñalolén". This site is located 2.7
kilometers southwest of the Eulogio Sánchez/Tobalaba (SCTB) airport in
Peñalolén (Figure 3).

Figure 3
Figure 4
When applying four amplifications that enlarged the pixel size and enhanced their contrast within the window of Figure 4, it became evident that around the studied area there is a region with a composition different from the sky background.

Figure 5 shows the result of scrutinizing the image through ELA (Error Level Analysis). The sector delimited and marked with yellow arrows, appears to be a rectangular patch added to the scene.
Figure 5

              In light of all the above, emails were sent on July 1st and 2nd requesting the user
              to specify which cell phone they used to take the photograph, along with the original
              file of what was presented for study. As of the date of this report, no response has been received.

              Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies,
              Conclusion: The image that supported the report was found to have been altered.
Adding what has been studied.
