{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-02 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5519070.json","updb_database_id":5519070}
descending orange flame made no noise but misty and glowed, then turned abruptly changing shape and direction

Leaving the grocery store on a short errand, about 10:45 pm, walking accross the public parking lot to my car, I looked up and noticed an orange shape descending, it looked like a flame. There was a stranger walking beside me, I pointed and said "hey, look at that!" she stopped and looked. We both stood and looked at it for about 10 seconds. I had no idea what it was, but Ive seen things I couldnt explain in the sky quite recently but have been too reticent to report. But this time, I had a witness. (two other witnesses actually, one lady a stranger, was late on the scene but saw it moving away after it had changed course) The object seemed to stop decending, change shape and direction, but not color (orange) and it ceased looking like a flame/mist and began to look like a craft with a trajectory going away from me.

I was frozen for a couple minutes, I confirmed with the other lady that I was not "crazy" and did in fact just see that. She agreed. We both got in our cars and drove away. I drove down the parking lot and stopped my car, turned on my flashers, turned off my car, and sat on my hood looking for the object, it appeared that it was then gone. I felt angry, like there is some activities that our government is not telling us about, I mean, something like this, surely should make at least local news.

I lost sight of the object when I drove away the first time to go park and look again.

I came home and awakened my wife and told her what I saw, and reminded her that this is like the third thing Ive seen recently, but this time had a witness to boot.
