{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-25 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5523070.json","updb_database_id":5523070}
Photographed flying objects unknowingly

I purchased a new Canon 7D three weeks ago. Ive taken over 1200 random photos in my spare time throughout the day and evening since my purchase. Ive been very much into photography and have been trying to learn as much as I can recently. 

On this particular day I walked out on to the deck in my back yard and started looking for a subject to practice. I noticed a small bird up in a tree in a north, north east direction up on a hill. The base of the tree would be approximately 100 yards from my position and approximately 15 yards higher. I set the camera to 100 ISO,f/36 and a shutter speed of 1/20. I zoomed in to 85mm which was max for that lens. 

I focused in on the bird and the tree and luckily decided to pan to the right (east) for better composition. I noticed nothing unusual about the shot. I snapped a few more shots and went inside. 

I don't recall but it was either later that evening or the next day that I noticed the strange objects in the shot. To the best of my knowledge the objects I captured in this shot were not visible to the naked eye or through my viewfinder. I should also add, the viewfinder has 100% coverage. Although I wasnt looking for anything else, Im usually pretty observant when it comes to my shots.  

I was very excited. Not only did I have one strange object, but two. I presumed the one object with the trail could have been a jet but there is still something kind of odd about it. Normally you can slightly see the shape or outline of a conventional jet during the day, and there isnt usually such a bright, distinct, large and round light like this. Never the less this could be reflection from the sun. 

As far as the black object above, I havent got a clue. Could be the genuine article. 

To make things even more interesting. I checked the other photos that I took during the same shoot and I found something else. I found what looks like a jet flying almost vertical towards the ground. Youll notice that it was almost at the very same moment and same position as the other photo. (same tree and same bird)

Ive sent these images to friends and family and we thought perhaps jet had been scrambled to check out or intercept this black ufo. 

I should also add this. I am very meticulous about my equipment. I clean my lens before every shoot. Also there were no reflective objects or surfaces in front of or anywhere near the camera. Only a large field. 

I know we could be reaching, but these photos do show what look to be two jets and a very strange object, with one of the jets near the object and the other performing an abnormal maneuver.

What do you guys think?
