{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-28 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62303","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5497070.json","updb_database_id":5497070}
see thru orb.rainbow circle w/trail

At the time, we were taking off from Lajes Field, Azores on 28 December 2014, at 1400, Azores time. Lajes is on the island of Terceira and is the second island from east to west of 9 total. We were flying on a 757 Cargo/passenger plane. I sat in the back part of the plane, behind the right wing in seat 3f. We had just taken off and were about 7 - 10 minutes into our take off to cruising altitude. As I was settling down for the 5 hour trip to the BWI flight terminal, I looked out to my right as we cleared a few clouds and saw a dark trail with no end and a beginning just starting at the 330 position of the plan while flying due NW. It was directly under and to the right of the plane and, at first I thought it was condensation from under the wing but the trail was a dark grey color. I then looked out the window between my seat and the first seat in front of me, then I saw the orb that was shaped as a circle, see thru with a countinual rainbow as the outer rim, with a yellowish glow in the center. I took my Droid phone and started to record a video from my window. I then went back to the window in front of mine again to ensure there wasn't a glare that I was recording. I took pictures as I was recording with my phone, but I just got off of holiday with my family so I knew my memory was filling quickly. I stopped after 2 minutes and checked the video to make sure I had recorded something and after going back to my window it was gone, trail and all. I wanted to say something then but I was under a few constraints as we were required to stay seated during take off and I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy. I cant upload the video right now due to its size but im working on getting it a smaller size.
Im a sensible person, I just want to know what I've seen.
