{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5844,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5490070.json","updb_database_id":5490070}
{rjl} By intuition, I came out to a star assuming I was communicating with people I signaled the contact and it flashed my eyes, it popped out from the star and the green orb UFO popped and quickly made a crooked swirl around the star and vanished behind

Before the event:
I began hearing voices and my name being called every now and then. This was almost two years ago. It began late November 2013, at the end of my college fall semester, during school. I was walking to class and was beginning to hear voices saying "he's a shaman" and "he sounds like a broken recorded player" spoken repeadetely, which I thought was ironic.
A week later, before my final class before final tests, I was waiting outside my classroom to start. I was sitting on a bench, meditating with my eyes closed and a girl shows up and places her backpack down on the bench across me. When I open my eyes to see the girl put her pack down, she pauses as if noticing me notice her. At the moment she pauses, I see an orb like sphere warp over her arm and I feel as if she knew what just happened. She backed away and leaned against a wall by her bench. She looked self conscious or shy and passive aggressive (like a bad tired attitude) but out of the norm. At the same time, a boy was walking in a mysterious manner several feet in front of me in a grassy area where one would seem unusual walking the way he was. He was giving me a sinister/cynical look. A few two seconds later, two boys come out from the hall way and meet up with the girl. One said "what's up Anna" and gestured a fist bump. She said "what's up" and sounded very shy/withdrawn. I walked straight to class while that was happening and kept hearing faint unclear voices throughout the whole class session, feeling as if the professor was aware or knew what was going on.

The event:
Long story short, the voices became stronger and I began suspecting their presence might have signified something. I didn't want to report this to a mental doctor or family or friend. I wanted to experience it.
One night, when the presence of the voices and the feelings I got behind them led me to try something I thought was crazy at the time but wouldn't do any harm. I decided to "go in" with the voices/feelings and trust my intuition as if one were expecting an answer to a prayer. I was feeling a weird field of 'something' and it led into the sky, at a particular star. I walked outside behind my apartment to a grassy area. I looked up at the star and said "go!" and threw a pointing gesture at it. The moment I dI'd that, my eyes flashed and a green light/orb popped out from behind or in front of it and it swirled around the star, one full cycle, in a crooked manner, unusual but in an obvious way that you could tell that this thing was being operated not in a mechanical way. It was not flashing nor pulsating lights. It was just lit green and swirled, crooked. It lasted for about two seconds.
After the moment this happened, I was mentally overwhelmed by excitiment, for what I have just seen, and fear because I thought that I might have disturbed something or someone.

After the event:
Again, long story short, the voices began becoming stronger, clearer and more lively as if the communicators were intelligent like us. To sum it up, I was being contacted by "evil" people or what they would call themselves "angry aliens" and for nicknames, "monsters" or "vampires".

Excuse me for introducing this so boldy and I understand this might sound strong but I feel as I were direct, it would be clearer.

While, all this was happening, the voices, I was experiencing dream like states as well. One was a vision of one of the communicators in a personal spaceship she would dwell in in space just above the Earth. She was cussing and swearing at me for communicating with her and spat at her window, directing the spit and anger towards me. I was confused because we were having friendly contact before that so I went ahead and communicated closer to her and she told me "that I shouldn't be there because her father isn't the happy type".

Another powerful vision I had was a grey alien type being handing something to someone taller, the size and shape of a human being.

One experience or vision I had early on was a being the appearance of a reptile being laying an egg in my stomach and said "Yummy tummy for your belly". It had eyes of snake pupils or snake eyes.

Key words and phrases commonly said:
- Collective consciousness
- Blood money
- Satanic cult leader
- Time dilator (I had a vision of one of the beings dropping a big device the height of a human. I grabbed the device quickly and took off with it. She called it a time dilator and in my vision, I was running away with it as it were the most valuable thing, as if a 1500s human were presented with a high tech modern technology)
- Blood (as if saying race) or bloodlines

There is too much to write down here. I recorded only some of it on a document in my computer, just in case I wanted to turn it in to someone appropriate. I am not willing to submit it here for personal reasons.

Some of the experiences were personal and some are difficult to explain. Some are violent and vulgar.
