{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-15 21:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5483070.json","updb_database_id":5483070}
{nd} large black flying square with 3 large lights from inside craft. underside gray with dome light on every corner with 1 dome light in center with moving light insde center dome. so large thought it would hit the building. 4 witnesses

I had just returned from dinner went out on balcony to smoke. Was looking at bout lights on ocean . Noticed a orange light rising of the ocean .it flashed into 3 bright lights the moved up the coast in front of us. It then turned on a 45degree angle lit up 6 lights they flashed blue in sequence then green in sequence. Returned to level flight n 3 bright lights object moved back down the coast. Slightly south then I noticed it was coming tword us.as it approached us I noticed it us square, black with 3 large windows that took up the entire from with 3 large lights within the craft.i could see 2 sides. It looked liquidly black. No one on the beach was looking up or saw it. I thought it was going to hit the tower we were in. As it started over the building I could see the underside of it. It was a grayish color with a large dome light on every corner. With one in the center. Center light had a random moving light inside it. It moved like nothing I saw before. As it went over it made on sound what so ever. It had about all gone over us so I ran through the building to see it appear from the other side. It was gone. Nothing came over. Where did this large square slow moving craft go?. I noticed a jet coming down the coast and it turned inland lit the after burners and a sonic bomb happened. Thats what I saw that night along with my mother in law her sister and niece. They were speechless and over whelmed. I said to them how does a brick fly it broke all then physics of flight. Then I figured out how it was able  slow us 6 lights over the ocean. It had turned to where we could see 2 sides of it. It was so large that it appeared closer than it was. I estimate that it was as big as an aircraft carrier. How does something fly with out making a sound. And when do u look up? When you hear something. That's why nobody on the beach was looking up at it. I was never scared just in amazement of such a craft. If it was alien an there 4ft tall there sure was alot of them in it. If its ours there's nothing in the known world that can touch us.
