{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-06 16:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515070","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/070/mufon-5515070.json","updb_database_id":5515070}
{cak} Unusual intensely white

On 2/6/2012, my son and I were taking a late afternoon walk for about 30 minutes on a Dennis beach along Cape Cod Bay, on the north side of the mid-Cape area. We were appreciating the setting sun, and we saw nothing unusual--in particular, no clouds of any kind1the sky was crystal clear. We left the beach before the sun set and within 10 minutes of leaving the beach I was alone in the car on the highway heading west toward the setting sun. As soon as I got on the highway, I noticed an unusual thing in the sky. This was around 4:50 p.m., maybe 4:55. It could have been a cloud, but 10 minutes before, there was nothing of the sort in the sky when we were on the beach. If it was a cloud, it formed rather quickly1within 10 minutes? If it was something else, how did it get there without somebody seeing it move into position? It was located to the left (south) of the setting sun and a bit higher in the sky and I got a good look at it while I was driving at a higher elevation. As I lost elevation, the trees along the side of the highway prevented me from seeing it except on occasion. It was the only thing in the sky except for the sun. It was a single object, shaped like a 1V1 but the arms were kind of puffy and the 1V1 was not upright but tilted over so that the hinge of the arms was on the left side of the thing like this: <. The puffiness of it made me wonder if it was a cloud, but there was something unusual about it, and there was nothing else near it or in the entire sky for that matter, except the sun. It was about three quarters of an inch at arms length, maybe an inch at the most. It did not appear to be moving relative to the sun. The color was unusual in my opinion because it was intensely white. I was thinking that it should be reflecting some of the golden/orange sunlight, but there was no hint of any other color other than the intense white. This is subjective, but it seemed to be so white that I thought it was glowing of its own accord1there were no beams or individual points of light1just an overall intense white color. I lost track of it for several minutes while on the highway due to the trees and trying to drive safely. I got off the highway and headed south toward Hyannis, trying to catch a glimpse of it but I couldn1t see it for 2 or 3 minutes. Still heading south, I saw it again as I came to a place where the trees were thin along the right side of the road and it opened up into the flat expanse of the airport field. This was maybe 7 minutes after I first caught sight of it. It was still in a 1V1 shape, but now the hinge was on the bottom (like a V). The thing had rotated 90 degrees counterclockwise relative to its original position. It also appeared that the right arm was behind the left, somewhat closing up the empty space between the arms a bit. The sun had set at this point and the sky was still bright. The 1cloud1 was still white but dimmer, not as intensely white as it had been a couple of minutes previously. Clouds morph and this could very well have been something like that, but it was unusual, appearing rather suddenly and so intensely white. How many clouds rotate like that and keep their shape?  I lost track of it as it was obscured by the buildings and trees of Hyannis and I did not see it when I got home. When I was on the highway and had a good look at it, I got the sense that it was visible over a large area. Somebody else must have seen it because it was the only thing in the western sky other than the sun, and it was a lovely sunset that would have drawn peoples1 attention. Maybe a quick glance would have drawn the conclusion of a cloud, and maybe it was. But keeping shape after rotating is puzzling to me. I have no certainty about this bit it seemed like it was big or maybe even immense and farther away, rather than smaller and closer. It was to the south west, on a line from Hyannis out to the Nantucket Sound, then toward Martha1s Vineyard (most likely the eastern half of the island), and then on to the open ocean to the south of Block Island, or even farther. It could have been located at any point along that line. I don't think I can offer any more than this. I am an avid sky watcher, and I can say that this was unusual enough for me to provide this report.
