{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-06 01:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5514473.json","updb_database_id":5514473}
{dr}I saw what appeared to be a bright star. caught my attention when it zig zagged back and forth and then appeared to move in triangular pattern as well as a kind of

A I bent down to pick up a napkin when I noticed I really bright star. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I had seen it move So I continued to observe it . I was thinking "nah and no way". It moved back and forth very quickly And thats when I realized This was no ordinary star. I stared for a good minute. I rubbed my eyes and felt frozen in disbelief. I ran to the bedroom and woke up my fiance, telling him he had to come and see... Hurry quick I think I see a UFO! I mustve appeared excited and /or anxious because he got right up and ran to the window and immediately saw my moving star!  HE then grabbed a throw blanket and walked out the back door so I followed. The view from outside was just AMAZING!! We saw it move side to side, up and down, and a sorta bounce.  Every few seconds there were flashes of red and green light followed by what appeared to be a white "search -type" light. But when the colored lights were visible I could see light shining on the clouds behind it if that makes any sense?  We watched for about half hour from inside window and going outside ...back and forth.  I didn't want to take my eyes off of it but I did for a minute to get my camera.  I took a couple minutes of video when I noticed another star -like object off to the left and closer to the moon that was behaving in the same manner!  We were just astonished, pointing out to each other and saying things like "OMG, DID YOU SEE THAT? " We watched for a couple hours hoping to see it take off or descend ...my hunny actually fell asleep again and I sat on the couch steady checking that they were still there about every 10 minutes or so for about another hour. I cant even describe how calm we were. It just seemed so surreal.  Around 3:30 AM I checked and the one I could see from inside was gone. I immediately grabbed the camera and ran out the back door hoping to still catch the other one or see them leave. I videoed the sky. They were both gone! JUST GONE!!  I videoed how tyou could still see all the stars and moon clearly, though.  It wasnt until then I knew what we had witnessed was really something amazing ...I also immediately felt remorse for not having the camera rolling the whole 3 hours. I still cant explain that. Or how we were so calm feeling the whole night. Thinking back the night seems surreal. First thing this morning I uploaded camera and we watched the couple minutes of videos over and over still in disbelief over what we witnessed lastnight.  What Id like to ask is is there any ways of zooming in on the video we captured? It was shot with a Casio 12 mp. Digital. I managed to capture both objects for atleast minute or so.
