{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-14 17:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5288473.json","updb_database_id":5288473}
Rectangular 15 W 30 to 40 L with three triangle lights, Color Red.  The lights wraped around ship. and one basket ball size white light at the botto

Some things I am going to tell you mite not have anything to do with what happen. But I am not leaving anything out just in case. This is not my first sighting, but was very personal to me.

December 2020 around 12/20/2020 6:22 am I went out to start the car, and notice a large white light aiming or in line with my driveway. so I stood in front of my car and waved at the light.
and just stood there for a while. maybe two to three min. as I started to go in the house the light took off. (it was very cloudy out). Next thing is my wife is not feeling right after bringing in pellets, about 10 bags 50 LBS each. that was Dec 3 2020 went to the hospital at night, and we were there all night. the doctors found a sis. very large. She was taken to Westchester Hospital which is about 86 mile drive. The reason I am talking about my wife, Is this is were it happen. in short I drove to Westchester Hospital a couple of times every week for testing before they operated on my wife wife. 

1/13/2021 had to be at Westchester Hospital by 6;30 am and also had to rent a car, seeing how our car trans went at 60.000 miles. ( I am not leaving anything out ) OK So I sat in the car all day. waiting for a phone call to go see my wife, after the operation. 2;30pm I can go see my wife. at least I thought so. I waited for a sec call. nothing I go in side where I drop my wife off. they tell me she is not here, but she mite be in the other building. ( I am piss off like you can not believe ) I go to the other building and a man name James helped me out. and had said she does not have a room yet and you will not be able to see her today. This is were it's starts for me A nurse came up to me and said don't carry the angry with you, let today be today and tomorrow is another day.

1/14/2021 On the 13th I watch people go in and out all day. there is a coffee shop and it is always full 30 to 40 people. front desk three to four people, security by elevator also in the double doors. parking lot people are coming and going. it"s busy.
I see my wife and it's 5;45 pm and tell I have to go. you have to be out by 6pm. I am on the west side and you leave on the east side. I get on the elevator and felt funny that there was no one getting on or leaving. I am on the third floor. I leave the elevator on the first floor and I stopped I felt I a apocalypse just happen. and said where the F is everybody. there should have been a girl standing out side of the elevator and people behind the desk. there was no one. I looked down the hall at the coffee shop, no body there at all. where did you all go. with covid running around you can not go has you please. OK I am leaving out the double doors no security no one in the parking lot. it's about 6;50 to 6;55 I start to walk towards the car. I would say about ten steps in Alien space ship is right above me about 30 feet up maybe 40 ft. it was grayish color and match the night sky. three triangles wrapped the rectangular ship that was 15 to 20 Wide and 30 to 40.
long. the first thing I did was looked around to see if anyone was seeing what I am looking at. I am looking a the ship and the building which is 7 stories theirs is no one at all.

the came down to where it was about 20 feet from above me. then it went back up to about the 5th floor in height turn off the three triangles of lights of. turn on a basket ball size white light on that rotated and also made the sound of a jet has it just clear the building in front of it. there was no one around the biggest hospital in NY. That means anyone going to the hospital was adverted anyone that was going to coffee shop adverted and not one person was looking out any windows at a time when you have to leave which is blowing my mind. when you really start thinking about it what else can they do. this is not my first sighting but this one really pushed me.

after I gather myself up I went to the car and was ready to make a few phone calls about what happen. my phone was not paired to the car anymore but the three people who had used the car their phones where paired.

1/15/2021
I did the same thing, I left at 5;47pm and as soon as I left the elevator the girl was there people behind the desk security was standing by the doors. interns, nurses and general people where at the coffee shop. the parking had 17 people that I could count.cars were moving. it was busy. 

I can not figure out for the life of me why or whet were their intention. I would have to say in the last 18 months there has been 10 siting on or above my home. the Pyramid that was over Pentagon was here for three days. I have a witness and also the same time the pyramid was here there was a ufo drone looking for something. the ufo drone took a picture of me and my dog.

there is more things that has happen here! If you go to (names and links removed to investigators report section/cms/LLL)

Thank You
(name removed to Investigators report section/cms/LLL)

Any question I free to speak. I don't hold anything back I will tell you the truth. 
I feel this was very personal.
