{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5494473.json","updb_database_id":5494473}
{dr}Spherical object; Had varying paths of trajectory; Emitted pulsating light: Green, then flash white, Blue, then flash white, Red, then flash white.

I had just got off work at 8:00 PM Central Time and headed across town to get home. I hadn't eaten dinner yet so I stopped at Sonic Drive-Thru to get a bite to eat and had just pulled around to get my order when I noticed a really bright light hanging relatively low in the sky. I would have passed it off as a plane or a helicopter, but it was exceptionally bright, so I kept my eye on it. I started noticing it to move in erratic patterns, so I knew it couldn't have been a normal aircraft. 
 I got my food from the window and pulled out of the drive-through and pulled over to the side of the road and watched it and noticed it was changing colors, changing trajectories, and exhibiting behaviors similar to other UFO sightings I had seen on the web, so I pulled out my phone and recorded it for about four and a half minutes. 
 During this time period, it started high in the sky, and was emitting a greenish-blue light, that turned to a solid blue. It would stop, then flash a really bright white light, hover momentarily, then disappear. It then appeared in a different location, this time emitting a vivid red light. It flashed a bright purple light, turned red again, then quickly moved across the sky. It then changed to a bright white-green light, and seemed like it was floating down similar to a feather falling, then started to rapidly descend. It hovered just above the treeline, then disappeared below my line of sight. 
 After the UFO disappeared and I stopped filming, another car pulled up to me and asked if I saw what they just saw, and I told them I had and told them I caught the event on video. I exchanged information with them so they could corroborate my story if needed. 
 It was an exciting event. I have believed for quite some time in extraterrestrial intelligence, and have seen UFO's prior to this occasion on at least three occasions, but this is the first evidence I have ever been able to collect on it. Whether or not it is an E.T. object is one thing, but I do know it was not an Aircraft I had ever seen before.
