{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5457473.json","updb_database_id":5457473}
{rjl} At first thought it was a flickering planet but with binoculars and telescope could see bright center w/ pulsating lights rotating around it.

At about 9:00 pm it was dark outside and my husband and I were watching NOVA on TV. A beam of light flashed into our living room through our open french doors that lead to the backyard deck (which faces a marsh and the Wando River) and came from somewhere outside. We looked at each other and we both said: "what was that?" but just let it go since it was just a flash and could have been anything. Since we had paused the program to ponder the light, I took my dog out to our backyard to tee-tee. I noticed what looked like a low large bright star in the sky that was really flickering a lot. I live in an area where many types of planes can be seen in the sky at many altitudes and this was not moving and not a plane. I told my husband about the excessively flickering star so he went out on our deck with me to have a look. He too was mystified so he grabbed binoculars and saw that the UFO was a round bright thing with red and green lights flickering and rotating around the center light. We pulled out our telescope and saw the same thing very clearly. I know it has light colors like common aircraft but this thing was hoovering and the only thing moving was the colored lights rotating around the bright center light. There were many planes in the air that we could see (as usual) but this thing was different. We tried to get a better look at it for about an hour but could not. We were then distracted by Jupiter in the Western sky which was much bigger and brighter and higher in the sky. When we went into the house the UFO was still there. When we sat down to watch TV we suddenly lost power to the table lights on each side of the couch but no other lights went out and the TV was not affected (weird). These two table lights have been known to flicker when there is lightning nearby too. No other lights went out. We checked the multi-outlet and turned it off and on but they did not come back on the first and second times we tried. After trying about 3 times the lights came back on...Nothing else happened. I don't know if any of these events are related but it just seemed weird that they all happen around the same time. I should have tried to take a picture through the binoculars but I didn't.
