{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5485473.json","updb_database_id":5485473}
Two bright orbs over NAS GTMO observed by five witnesses performing unreal maneuvers

Spending much of my childhood years on the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba had its share of adventure and intrigue. Sometime between 1999 and 2001 (before the base was built up to the max security detention center it is, today), some friends and I were en route to another friend's house in the 'Nob Hill' neighborhood right at the base of Skyline Drive (Skyline Drive x 1st Street) and were dropped off by our one friend's Mom. It was a clear, pitch black night with no street lights around the immediate vicinity of us. After being dropped off, we proceeded to walk to our friend's house when one of us noticed a very bright white star that seemed out of place. After we got everyone's attention and pointed up to it, it seemed to realize we were observing it. At this time, the bright white orb/star began to perform some amazing maneuvers that included rapid acceleration, deceleration, zig-zag patterns, and circles in the sky. We were stunned and I couldn't move an inch. We were teenagers and scared out of our minds! I don't want to attribute my inability to run away from this event to this being/craft/entity, but anything is possible, I suppose. When we watched it for a few more seconds, another identical bright white orb joined the first orb and they began to circle/dance around each other in a circle pattern. We could not believe our eyes and didn't know what to do. It wasn't long after the second orb appeared and they circled each other that one orb shot straight off into space in an instance while the other, remaining orb appeared to grow in size as if it were getting closer to us. At this point, we could not contain ourselves any longer and ran as fast as we could to our friends house. Our parents picked us up shortly after and I will never forget this event. It still makes the hair raise up on my entire body every time I tell the story. There was no sound and the maneuvers were amazing to watch. 

Since the event, I have given my testimony (along with 2 other witnesses who were with me that night) on the History Channel's UFO Hunters TV series with Bill Birnes. I felt compelled to contact the UFO Hunters about this event while in college watching UFO Hunters on TV when a Navy Petty Officer gave his testimony of two bright white orbs in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba on the Navy Base (same location) a few years prior to our sighting. He claimed that he was out on a pier one night and noticed two bright white orbs circling each other underwater and then shot away without ever coming up into the air. Since he saw the exact same entities performing the exact same maneuvers in the exact same location within a few years of our sighting, I had to share! Maybe the waters around Cuba hold more secrets than we currently know of? 

There is also a Facebook group for past 'GTMO' (Guantanamo Bay NAS abbreviation) residents that I am a part of where other people have come forward about sightings similar to mine over the years in different locations on the base, including McCalla Airfield. 

Once you see/experience an extraordinary and utterly unbelievable event like this in your lifetime, you become very open-minded and accepting of any possibilities. The exact coordinates of our sighting via Google Maps was 19.933280, -75.109474 and we were facing West NorthWest while observing the event. From this location, the active airfield is approx. 5.9 miles SouthWest (MUGM).
