{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5496473.json","updb_database_id":5496473}
A metallic, chrome-like cylinder, slowly tumbling end over end, the cylinder ends reflecting

On a farm, as a thirteen year old youngman, I went out early on a sunny and clear summer morning with my father's 22 rifle to do some target shooting, heading to the barn. Above, from the north east, moving slowly and leisurely across the sky, turning end over end, I suppose one could call it tumbling, was a cylindrical object aprroximately 2000 feet in the air. It looked like a gigantic, shiny chrome tin can, and as it slowly tumbled, I could see the flat bottom and top were identical and seemed to have metallic scratches or brushed chrome designs shaped in circles while the sides were clear reflective chrome. There was no sound, no lights, no windows, it was solid metal. To clarify what I was seeing, there I was about to go target shooting, my first split-second thought was that someone had thrown up a tin can into the sky for me to shoot at. I quickly realized that was no tin can and I understood it would be ludicrous of me to shoot at it. I just stood and watched 2 minutes as it crossed the farm fields, I could see it's shadow in the field as it passed and I watched it slowly disappear into the horizon miles away. Years wemt by, I raised a family, ran a business and never really thought about that event until I happened to take a book from the library called "UFO Report" or something like that and flipping though it, I saw some drawings which looked certainly very similar, perhaps even identical, to the bottoms of that "tin can". Reading up on it, the article talked about crop circles and things I've never heard of but I wondered if the ends of that object, were electromechanically pulling, one end pulling the other on an on-off sequence, causing it to slowly tumble in the end-over-end manner I described. Pardon my ignorance on these matters. Of course I remember it to this day and as improbable as it sounds, I've even tried some rudimentary experiments to see if I could recreate such a thing in my basement utilizing electical magnets and a beam of light. I'm including an admittedly amateurish drawing.
