{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-16 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5289473.json","updb_database_id":5289473}
I found a UFO in a photo I took after returning home from a trip to Glacier National Park in Montana

After a 3 mile hike up Grinnell Glacier Trail, in Glacier Park National Forets, we paused to rest a bit. It was a sunny/cloudy day and I decided to take a surprise photo of her. I took 3 photos in an aprox 45 second span. The first she didn't notice, the second she looked when I called her name, and the third she looked away. It was a fast set of 3. No thought, just a "in the moment" decision while resting up a bit. When I had returned home a week later, I went through our trip photos using Lightroom software (I am a serious amateur and enjoy making clear photos) I was looking deep in the background of most of the photos I took during this trip as the depth and background of Glacier National Park is stunning, so I enjoy zooming in the background. Sometimes you can spot wildlife, such as grizzly bears and elk. I noticed in the 2nd photo, which is the one submitted, when she turned to me to look, that waaaay up on the ridge appeared a large circular orb-like object!! I never saw it while taking the photo, even though I was shooting directly towards that area. It was not in the first photo, nor the third photo...only the second. ANd the 3 photos where literally a minute altogether. There is absolutely NO AIRCRAFT that would be at that altitude on a sharp ridge with massive updrafts and cloudy swirls. No Hot Air Balloon, no form of aviation whatsoever. Nothing! There is no airfield nearby, and more important , it's RIGHT ON TOP of the mountain ridge! It has the sun on the right and the shadow on the back. I was actually very shocked to see this and surprsed. I wonder if other hikers or anyone in Glacier National Park has seen this or other round objects. It looks quite large too!
