{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5525473.json","updb_database_id":5525473}
Two Alien Beings Seen Close-Up

My wife and I were on a short vacation in Cape May, New Jersey this past weekend. We were staying at a B&B on Beach Ave. with a view of the sea. 

I was asleep when I was awakened by something. I opened my eyes and saw two beings standing at the foot of the bed. It was dark, but there was adequate light coming in from the street for me to see them very clearly. I estimate that they were between 4.5-5 feet tall because I could only see them from the waist up. They were identical in every way. They were wearing black or dark green, form-fitting outfits that resembled scuba diving dry suits. These included snug hoods that extended from the back of their necks over top of their skulls. On their upper chests was a rectangular, gold or bronze colored plate about 6x4 inches with two rows of inscribed symbols or buttons on them. It resembled an instrument touchpad of some sort.

They were no more than six feet from my face and they were both staring right at me. It was a cool, appraising look. Its the look a cat might give you.

Their crania were very large, perhaps twice as large as a mans. But it was their faces that really got me. They had huge, wraparound, black eyes set above high cheekbones. Their skin appeared coppery or orange in color. I couldnt detect a well defined mouth or nose, but along the rim of their jaws and down to their chins were some kind of organ-like structures. Gills? Mandibles? Not sure. I couldnt see their hands, so I cant say how many digits they had.

As I say, I had a very clear view of them. When I realized that this was not a dream I propped myself up on my elbows to get a better view. Strange, but I felt no fear. I was about to say something, when I got this very clear thought, "Something is wrong. He sees us." I suddenly became extremely sleepy. I tried to fight the urge to lie back down, but it was no use. I felt my eyes closing and that was it. The next thing I knew it was morning and I was awakened by the sunlight streaming in through the balcony door. Once she was awake I asked my wife how she had slept and she said it was the best night1s sleep she1d had in a while. No dreams.

This isnt the first time in my life that Ive had what could be called nocturnal visitations. As a child and teenager they were very frequent. And often terrifying. As an adult they tapered off to the point where I chalked up my youthful experiences to dreams, hormones, flights of fancy, etc. I had even stopped thinking about them. But this is the first time as an adult that I had such a clear and unambiguous sighting of these creatures. 

If one thing stands out, its the sense of almost military precision and discipline that I got from them. Its hard to explain, but I got the feeling that these were no-nonsense men who had a job to do and followed orders to the letter. They were not there to be my friend or to tell me any of the universes secrets. They were under orders and would no sooner go against them than would one of our Navy Seals. And one last thing, they were supremely confident and felt not the slightest fear towards me. I am absolutely sure of that.
