{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-22 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2513,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5526473.json","updb_database_id":5526473}
hovered about 10 oclock high right to left near hillside, hillside on the left side probably about 150 to 200 yards away. then silently still in the sky. drifted to left then stopped, then left again, then away out of sight then

sitting out side looking up at the hills in front yard, looking to my right about 10 o clock high, it moved right to left. then stopped in mid air then toward me then left again. stopped. mid air again no noise. drifted to the left,,
this is when i ran inside the house to get my wife, so she could see the object. when we both got outside about 20 seconds later it drifted away a little then stopped again in mid air. then drifted away then stopped again mid air. when i first saw the object, i though maybe a small air craft, but no noise then as it got closer ,, no way was it a small palne, because it stopped in its tracks. then i noticed it was disc shapped wide disc though from top to bottom. thicker looking. right away i knew it wasn't a plane as it got closer, It was as big as a sliver dollar if you were extend your hand full length,, compared to the hills it looked about at least forty to fifty feet across when i first saw it. 
it was white not fuzzy looking, but a real solid object, on the right side in the middle of the object. it had what looked like port holes slits on the right side of the object. whith a black solid line on the left side of the going through about half way to the middle of the oject.
It moved very smoothly. up and down then side to side then away smoothly.
it moved away until it wasn't visable again. It was awesome to look at, some how i felt an attraction to it, i was not scared, i wanted it to come back like feeling. there was black clouds in the back ground , still light out side, thats what was nice about it because it was very white solid object with the black clouds in the back drop of sighting.
*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
