{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-30 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507473","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/473/mufon-5507473.json","updb_database_id":5507473}
{rjl} Sometimes Clear;sometimes silver/light; with colored tentacles. Jellyfish!

I was sitting at a stop light in Edmond, OK. I had the sunroof cover open. Something caught my eye. Earlier I had been commenting on how clear the sky was. I kept looking up today wondering about the CME reported and looking for Chem planes. I could not believe it. I was so stunned at first, somewhat mesmerized. My teenage daughter was with me as I had just picked her up from class. I started yelling, "what is that omg, what is that??? look, look!!" she said she didn't see any thing. I turned her head slightly as it was above us but also right in front of us. She was like, "I don't know, I think its a balloon" then it shot up and west. she said, "that is not a balloon!" The light had changed and people were honking. It was a very busy intersection and I couldnt believe people werent looking up. We were heading West and i kept trying to keep track of it. it shot around; zig-zagged when it was right in front of us again it went from clear to silver to clear and sometimes iridescent; with tails or tentacles hanging from it...they were light green, purple and pink..maybe yellow. I was trying to find a place to pullover when it shot up. I pulled into what we call "the bus barn"; where public school buses are parked. it came back toward us and just hovered. it eventually just disappeared. It was there and then it was gone!  I got a still shot of it which only looks like a bright object. you can barely make out the tentacles, but you can see them if you enlarge it. I also have a very short video. I was just aiming the camera at this point because I could not see it through the lens of my phone.  I waited several hours before I sent it to my computer. when I watched the video I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT! There was a second object; long cigar shaped that flew by at such a rapid speed I did not even see it with my naked eye. It may have been some light reflection from somewhere but I had my phone/camera out the window; window was down. I sent a message to local weather station. they asked for the pic but have not responded. I have to know, was this just a weather balloon? was the second object some light reflection? Most importantly, I cannot stop thinking about it. It did not look like a space "craft". It looked like an actual being itself. Also, I am extremely irritable tonight and just want to be left alone. Almost like the very presence of someone else is extremely annoying. I feel like Ive had some kind of experience and believe me...I have never believed in ETs. I saw something else recently too on Sept. 6th. I have only been looking to the skies in anticipation of ISON. OH! and shortly after it was gone and we were driving home, there were VERY LOW flying planes; not just small engine planes but a jet as well. The jet was headed South and was still West of us. Weather balloon? Please tell me! If you watch the video, watch full screen. I didn't see the second object until I had it on full screen which also makes me think it was a digital anomaly. thank you!
