{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5488647.json","updb_database_id":5488647}
{jpg} Shape Shifting Contained Pulsating Fire Ball

Right by the beach in brigantine over the ocean. I have been seeing these balls of fire-like orbs flying back and forth in the night sky. Making no sound what-so-ever. The fact that they make no sound to me is the surprising point of interest. Because soon after watching them after a while. They would morph, or shape shift into a light pattern similar to a conventional aircraft/possible helicopter. Flashing red and white lights. Still, I repeat, appearing to make no sound. They do not appear to have any shape that I can make out other then round balls of fire. They would also from time to time dematerialize, or fade out, and at times glow brighter or dim down. The residents here do not seem to pay much attention or be interested in them. They do not seem to be surprised or in shock of what is occurring Or they may not be able to see them at all, which I have studied is highly possible for some to see, and others not. On one occasion, during the super blue moon eclipse on august29th of this year. [removed/CMS/jpg] They were everywhere, flying around as if they were normal aircraft. But balls of fire are not normal aircraft. I have a few video clips of them, though I used my smart phone camera to capture the video and did not get a great video. Keep in mind when I say them, there were more then one, but I was only able to capture one on film, though I do have other video files of other sightings of the same objects from earlier dates. I plan on purchasing a camera soon so I may hopefully catch a better glimpse of them for future evidence that can be more easily & professionally debunked. 

The manner of which the sightings as follows: I had pointed down on my calendar the day of the super moon so that I may see it with my father. As we waited for the moon to rise into view, we watched the moon together for a few minutes. I decided to get a better view so I rode my bike a block down to the beach. Moments later the orbs appeared. I stood there in excitement for a few minutes then rushed back to my fathers apartment where I was initially before the sighting, to show my father and see if he could see it as well. Sure enough he was able to see it, so I pulled out my camera, and began to film from my cell phone. I then rushed back down to the beach to see if I could get a better view, then suddenly when I arrived, it had morphed into what appears to be some sort of man made aircraft. Which also made no sound.  

I will send the video files of the or before and after the morph below. Thank you. 

I plan on becoming a member of MUFON. For I have been studying this subject for over 10yrs. And have seen, experienced and witnessed multiple sightings, as well as physical contacts of the 5th kind. I have a long huge story. And I wish to share this with the world when I am ready. Thank you for making this happen for all of us, and I support you guys 110%.
