{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5528647.json","updb_database_id":5528647}
shot footage of saucer shaped ufo sitting atop a flashing ball of fire drifting southeast slowly . also caught airplane flying past it in video

Approximately 12:45 am November 12, 2010 I stepped out my back door to video a light i saw in the sky behind the houses in the rear of my yard. I had also seen the strange light two nights prior and purchased the 3500x zoom camera used here in case i saw it again. Sure enough it returned the night i got this footage. (the object was fairly stationary but I was having a hard time keeping it in focus with such a high zoom so the camera was moving around a lot)

I zoomed in to take a look and all i could tell in my screen was a ball of orange light and saw it flashing a few times so I just kinda assumed it was a plane and I wasn't getting a focused picture. I also filmed an airplane passing close to it which passed right over me. As you can see, the plane was clearly a plane and the camera operated quite well. It wasn't until I played the video back on my 50 inch high def television set that I realized what the object was. This was about five days ago. I toggled the whole video frame by frame and made some startling revelations as well which are only clear in particular frame. My conclusion are as follows:

1.) it is clearly a saucer shaped object sitting atop a glowing fireball

2.) near the end of the video around minute marker 2:18 it started flashing a white light. In one particular frame at minute marker 2:20 the ufo is at the lower right of the screen and flashes or "blips" an image next to itself which looks like the object in black and white like a film negative. Even stranger in this frame, on my bigscreen you can clearly see a blue have above the object and inside the haze you can clearly see about eight houses and what appears to be two people standing in the front in the lower right of the haze. I took a photo up close with my cellphone from the television screen of one of the houses and the people and emailed it to myself, and sure enough in full screen mode of my computer you can see a large white house, the outline of the roof and windows, and in the front the image of a long blond haird thin woma standing facing away from me and a man sitting in front of hear. You can see this haze and the houses in a circular fashion in the video on the computer while watching the viseo, but only on the bigscreen is it large enough to make out the details.

I concluded this might be a wormhole above the ufo that opened up when it blipped and the images inside it might be in another place and time.

In other frames such as one in minute marker 1:07 it the craft is focused enough and the flames are subsided enough that you can see what appears to be windows in the ring near the top of the craft and on the bigsreen it appears to have 4 little white heads and bodies standing there. I snapped a picture of this with my cellphone to and sent it to my email and it also looks very clearly to be heads and bodies inside the window.

3.) from the frames that show the houses behind my house below the object you can see the object didn't travel very far across the sky in the two or three minutes i filmed it. it seemed to be traveling much too slow to be any type of aircraft. it seems it would have fallen out of the sky.

I don't have anyway to send the video with this post because i don't have it in a form, other than you tube, to send it.

I did send some pictures from my cellphone to the "wilder" woman from mufon, but she said she couldnt make anything out and she was going on a thirty day leave and to contact mufon directly.

I did send the video via "you tube to the email address for the director of mufon a few moments ago @ *(Email address removed--CMS/sg) since this was one of the only ways i could figure out to get you the video and i asked him to forward it to you for my file.

Feel free to contact me if you would like to research the actual video that is still located in my video camera in its original condition.

I am anxious to see this object in more refined detail. Especially the objects in the wormhole and the heads and bodies in the windows
