{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5481647.json","updb_database_id":5481647}
{dr}Out of the corner of my eye I saw it at tree level. It was gliding out of the north going south at a medium fast speed. I screamed at my friend to look,she saw it too, We were sittingthen it turned south. Gone in a blink.

I was at my aunts cabin on Lake Martin with a friend and her son. We'd been sitting on the screen porch in the swing enjoying a beautiful sunset darken to early evening. I turned toward her( east) and saw this wonderously beautiful colored orb- round- come around the cabin s north side. It was going airplane fast. Normal human machine fast probably 60 to 100' off the ground over and sometimes just behind the tops of the pine trees around the cove moving south. It was awesome. I felt honored to see it. Peaceful. As if it was telling me it wasn't there to hurt us. I found my voice and yelled Lisa and Duncan " look, look, look it's a UFO. ". Lisa saw it and gasped. It got to the middle of the peninsular SE of us then sharply turned ESE and accelerated at a speed far beyond any jet, military jet, even a rocket taking off could do. I am 100% sure that it was not of this world!! The colors- a deeper marine/ royal blue center graduating out to a medium shade of the same color. Then a thin bright yellow circle. The outside ring was the brightest white. The glow of it was heavenly bright. Size. ? It looked a little larger than a big harvest moon rising. 50-150 feet in diameter maybe, it was maybe 70-100 yards away from me.  Was it extraterrestrial or one of Gods mighty Angels. ? We sat in awe for a minute. Stunned. Then told Duncan what we'd seen, he turned the wrong way and missed seeing it. About 15 min later we jumped in the car. Headed as far se as we could to see if it might have landed across the lake. We asked a guy there if he'd seen it? No. We called my aunt who lives nearby to ask if she'd read anything in the papers. AC is a small town. Of course the lake is pretty deserted in the fall. I guess I should have called the police and reported it. It was such an unbelievable experience. I got a notebook and wrote it all down so I'd never forget but I can still see it so clearly in my minds eye. I wasn't sure ufos were real before. Now I am absolutely convinced. I look for it in the night sky every once in a while-no luck-maybe someday.
