{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-10 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5466647.json","updb_database_id":5466647}
{jpg} Two pulsating lights. One Shot what looked like beams at the other. Disappeared then the other left

1) me and a couple of friends were sitting on a back deck right by mokena junior high school in Will county IL talking about our day when I noticed two really bright red orbs in the sky by the Big Dipper.
2) i first noticed the two wired orbs because we were looking at the different stars and hoping to see a meteor shower but the two red orbs were noticeably brighter than any other star.
3) At first glance all 7 of us thought it was a satellite but it didn1t take long for us to realize what we were seeing was unreal.
4) the two bright red orbs were decently far apart but close enough to where they seemed to be together. The orb on the bottom was the first too disappear however before it vanished the red light got dimmer and then got brighter. It did that about 3 or 4 times. The red orb on top was the weird one that scared us all. While we were watching the orb it didn1t seem like it was moving but while we were watching it what seemed to be flairs came out from behind it. The flairs were very consistent every other second and it did that about 5 times. After watching the flairs we can tell that it moved places signifaclly but while looking at the light you could almost see a outline of something bigger .then it began to pulse like the first orb then it vanished. 
5) All 7 of us saw it and couldn1t believe it. All of our hairs stood up and we didn1t know what we were seeing. I began to take a video right after the flairs went off. Between when we first saw the orbs and then them dissapearing was only a few minutes but as soon as they went away I called my family and friends. Then continued to send the video I had to the news.
6) both red orbs pulsed then dissapeared however right after the first one vanished so did the other orb.
