{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-16 12:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5513647.json","updb_database_id":5513647}
Object is a craft which appears to have a heavy web like structure that blurs craft underneath

Well, Ive been using GIMP photoprocessing software to extract details from these craft for a number of years.  I have an automated near infrared set up that uses a near infrared security camera and/or a webcam converted to near infrared to capture these craft in flight. I use HandyAvi software to automatically capture the flight of these objects (the software is normally used to capture meteors entering the earths atmosphere - the software works well for UFOs as well).

This particular craft I captured on video using the above set-up. Then I use astronomy photo processing software (IRIS- free software) to expand the image of the UFO by about 160 times. Once the craft image has been expanded, I put the picture file into GIMP image processing software, and apply an edge extraction algorithm called "Neon" to get details of the UFO underneath the blur these things typically emit.

In the case of the image I have attached, Ive been able in this instance to really get a good look at the camouflage around the main craft.  The camouflage appears to be spider-like appendage like rib systems that cover the main craft. The structure appears to retain a type of plastic coating around the actual craft that is luminescent, and which emits waves of light which more or less resemble waves in a small pool of water, except in this case the plastic is carrying wave-like ripples of light that merge together to create a blurry effect around the craft. It has taken me a few years to achieve this type of clarity of enhancement of the originally blurry UFO image, so I am releasing this to you to demonstrate what I am doing. On the other hand, my expectation is you folks will not investigate this, as you have never called me before in regards to the over dozen other UFO reports I have submitted over the years.
