{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-17 03:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5493647.json","updb_database_id":5493647}
{dr}3 spheres of glowing, changing lights I remember amber was very obvious

I was having flashes of memories (my first and only memory as a baby) of an amber room with an orange light that blinded me while I was immobilized on a table and there were 3 to 5 huge, bulbous heads looking over and down on me. I tried to cry and scream but could not. I was adopted and nothing was known about anything like this, but they were surfacing like crazy. I had gone to Nyack to visit a friend who is heavy into spiritualism and energy and healing. I was staying in the guest house by the pool, and at 3 am my French Bulldog began acting funny, nervous, scratching at the door, so, assuming she needed to go outside I took her for a short walk. I remember thinking how nervous and hyper she was acting, and then I remember looking up at the sky and thinking I had NEVER seen a sky look so black, almost ink like, and seen so many stars. The air was FULL of some sort of electricity because my hair stood up on arms and on my neck and head. My Frenchie also had a trail of hair that stood up all down along her spine, like a scared cat would look. I suddenly was drawn to the sky again and in the far off I saw what looked at first to be a jet plain with three lights on it, except there was no blinking of the lights. As it approached, I saw the stars going through where the wings should have been and immediately realized I was looking at three separate objects. They almost KNEW I had seen them is how I felt, like I was being watched. I saw them turn, in unison, and veer directly for me where I stood. At this point my Frenchie began screaming and trying to crawl up my leg. As they began to near me, I was frozen and could not stop staring. I remember thinking "Pinch your arm! Make sure you are really seeing this!" As they approached the two in the rear began to fire what looked like a blue beam of electricity back and forth (communication, maybe?) As they got in line with the street I was on I began to smell sulphur, like I was in a field where a LOT of fireworks had just been set off. They seemed to be zooming straight toward us. As they came up the hill over the street, I picked up my Frenchie and began to run in TOTAL fear back to the house, trying to reach the gate to the back area where the pool was. The street lights began going out as they passed over them, I do remember that. The electricity in the air was so strong, the air was dry and could choke you. My Frenchie at this point was hysterical, but we made it to the gate and the lights seemed to veer up and go over us straight up and I ran into the guest house, immediately closing and locking the doors and actually sitting against the door. For a few seconds, there was NO noise of ANY bugs, crickets, animals, nothing. Sulphur could be smelled, lights very faintly appeared through the blinds then everything was IMMEDIATELY back to normal. My Frenchie also seemed to go right back to normal behavior as well, which was odd. I had to lay down, feeling weak and exhausted. The next day when I awoke, a panic attack gripped me. I am not sure what they were, or what they wanted, but it was a VERY negative encounter. If there is such a thing as evil, this is exactly what was coming towards me. There was nothing good about the entire thing. Every internal alarm I had in me went off with ferocity. My "fight or flight" instinct was beyond my control. To this day, it haunts me. I did also hear of a few other people in the area who had seen these amber orbs.
