{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504647","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/647/mufon-5504647.json","updb_database_id":5504647}
{kt}1yellow/orange/red ballon like object that expelled 5-6 other ballonlike objects out of it w/out sound hovering over the city towards the beach.

It was around 9 to 9:30pm when my wife said we had ran out of diapers for my daughter so we went to our nearest TARGET store. It was a regular, clear sky, warm and humid night, typical of Florida. As we arrived, we parked our car and began to walk towards the store when suddenly both my wife and i stopped and stayed speechless, i as well as my wife were in such amazement and shock that we froze as we staired at the sky when she suddenly said "do u see that"? I grasped for air and said "yes" we didnt know what it was, we saw a ballon like object, round in shape with a dark bright redish color in the rim around it and as you looked towards the midle it was a glowing Orange/Yellow color that remained steady without change in color. My wife suggested it was a helicopter, i said no because 1) there was absolutely no sound and 2 it did not have a flash on the tail of waht would be a helicopter. Then she said a small aircraft, again there was absolutely no sound and it moved too smoothly and slow to be an aircraft of our known experience. All of the sudden a guy behind us screamed WTF! We are being invaded and took off running but my wife and i ramained frozen looking at the object when all of the sudden another replica of that same sphere seemed to have came out of the one we were looking at, same size, shape and colors, then anither and another and anither till we saw a total of about 5-7. My wife said to me film it with your cell phone as other people stood in amazement, others panicked, so i did, i tried to catch a footage. As the objects flew kver us the distance from the ground up must have been that of maybe 100 floors up. The objects were seen very clearly and even seemed at times as if they were floating east bound very slowly. Suddenly the object as it continued its straigh path moved towards the beach, (east) and the lights behind it that were in a cormation of 1 on top other lower on bottom started to gather together connecting each other, kind of like if they were going inside each other until we only saw 2 lights and disappeared over the TARGET building. I heard people saying, "did you get that" but amazingly and weird my phone nust like others had a black screen with no sound or image, kind of like if my cell phone was turned off. We never understood what it was, we told our family and they thought we were crazy, other members said "u never know" interestingly an uncle suggested it could of been a paper ballon like the ones Asians make but if that was the case ut would of flew up and not accross, there was no wind, and 2 it wouldnt of had the colors of glow we saw that day. My wife and i brushed it off for a while because we even thought we must be seeing things from our imaginTion but about 8 months later as we were watching tv news briefs we saw a news that sId "caught UFO's footage flying over the sea of South Florida. When we saw the inages we saw exactly the same thing we saw that night and ever since then we became aware that we have seen somthing. What did we see? We dont know, all we know it was very close, glowing, bright beautiful color mix, silent and kind of floating.
