{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523619","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/619/mufon-5523619.json","updb_database_id":5523619}
mass of white spheres that look like balloons but dont move with wind, vanishing and then appearing in various areas

Around noon on October first I witness a mass of white orbs or spheres from the back yard of my home.They were initially floating (south)in the sky just inside the flight path of air planes heading towards LAX.

 After observing them float out of visual perspective more or the same ones reappeared individually out of thin air at different points in the sky.If you looked at one that just materialized it would vanished and reappear about ten to twenty from were it last was, almost like it was jumping from point to point. If that was not cool enough, I also noticed them appear at extremely high altitude in triangle formation comprised of three spheres, one for each point.This formation of three would also act in the same manner disappearing and reappearing adjacent to its original location in that set triangle formation.All of this repeated for a while and then the pattern changed form three to two objects jumping around, and then finally one.
 
 At a cloud level, one of these round white objects moved in a straight line and every so often another sphere would appear in front of it and and disappear before they crossed paths.This went on perceptually until they were out of sight. 

After the first half hour or so small white planes could be seen flying in the same area and path these objects were in.occasionally flying directly at the spheres.This was also a none stop phenomenon and it seemed the spheres were always one step ahead of these planes. The planes had no specific flight path they simply followed and flew directly at the UFO's. 
 I was able to capture some of these orbs materializing in front of large passenger planes but the most interesting things i saw were just too far away to record on video.The sightings seemed very interactive and continued until about six pm.The activity picked up again the following day but at much greater distances.

Interesting to note that whenever this happens there are a few pattern events that follow before during and after.
Before you can see anything dogs in the area bark, wind picks up a little bit. During event,small planes and usually a helicopter will patrol area.And finally during/after you will see commercial jets fly up wind or directly at these objects releasing chem-trails.That following day the area of sky where this all happened was full of chem trail and had a pesticide like odor for most of the morning.
