{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-10 04:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451619","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/619/mufon-5451619.json","updb_database_id":5451619}
Brilliant light hovered 40 degrees above horizon and the Moon had a cloud like anomaly sporadically moving near tree line

In the Eastern sky at about 40 degrees above the horizon, a brilliant light was spinning in a controlled manner.  It was either moving backwards or toward the South. This video and picture was zoomed in around 8 times its normal size and without the aid of a tripod. Because of the limited view the video is shortened. No planet or star would have been mistaken for this object because of its hexagonal shape. It was pretty clear skys and with no wind on this morning.  There were no sounds of birds or other noises heard. The light was intense and seemed to rotate at a high rate of speed.  I was able to view this hovering and moving light but was unable to relocate the light after observing the next anomaly I would like share.
The Moon is also 40 degrees above the horizon and is in the waning phase, just above the treeline, but in the South. Below the Moon is a cloudy, fluttering object that tends to move sporadically. When I move to the left, the object wants to follow. It changes color to blend into the green background, but can be detected with the naked eye if following the obvious path that it takes. This is the 3rd time this type of object has appeared on different occasions when filming the Moon. The object appears to be cylindrical with a metal nut at one end when I've examined these photos that have been captured on either a camera, phone, or camcorder. The cloudy-looking blob is near the treeline and is no more than 60 feet up in the air and maybe 35 feet from me. However, other times they are within reaching distance. Because I can see its movement and I see that it is there, I end up wanting to leave after filming. I do not pick up where the anomaly is once I'm inside.
