{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-25 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505619","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/619/mufon-5505619.json","updb_database_id":5505619}
{rjl} Orange/Red Glowing Objects over Maricopa AZ

On Christmas night myself and six other family members were at my mothers house for Christmas dinner. My brother was outside in the backyard talking to my sister on the phone around 7:30PM when he yelled through the screen door for us to come outside and look at this orange light in the sky. We all went outside and he pointed to the North and we saw an orange fireball type object slowly floating towards us in a southern direction. We watched it for about 5 minutes as it floated by. It had a flickering orange light all around it and it appeared to be around 1000-1,500 feet in altitude. As it went over our subdivision my mother took video of it and I took pictures of it with my iphone camera. My son took video of it with his gopro camera he just got for Christmas. After it passed it started fading in and out in light intensity then just went dark. My mother said it appeared to her through the zoom on her camera to take a 90 degree turn to the right and just disappear. We have seen these type of orange lights before over the years but usually in south end of Maricopa over the Ak-Chin Indian Reservation. About 3 minutes later we observed a second light north of our location but this one red and as it got closer it turned to orange. It was on the same path and altitude as the first one and it also went dark around the same location as the first one and disappeared. We also took video and pictures of that one as well. A few days later I used google earth to see the approximate flight path and location of these objects and it would have come from the direction of the Phoenix airport 30 miles away and crossed directly over the Air Force Space Debris Surveillance station that is a few miles outside our town on highway 347 that the Air Force just closed down a few months ago. You can see this site easily on google earth and it is in the Gila River Indian Reservation.
