{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-18 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513619","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/619/mufon-5513619.json","updb_database_id":5513619}
{dr}It was a black triangle shape with 5 lights on each side wall of the triangle. It appeared to be larger than 2 or 3 large passenger jets and made no sound.

My daughter and I had just left my brothers house, after I was doing some network configuration work for he and his wife and were heading home. It is less than a 2 mile drive from his home to mine. My daughter, who was in the back seat said "what is that dad"? I saw the object just as she was speaking. At first, I thought it was a plane heading to CVG airport for landing, but thought that it was going the wrong direction (east to west) to be heading to the airport. It appeared to motionless in the sky but I couldnt be sure because I was driving so I stopped my vehicle in the middle of the road to see if it was moving or not. It was not moving forward, but it was slowly rotating. I rolled down my window to see if I could hear anything, but it made no noise. I grabbed my phone to take a video, but as I got the video app opened, the object started to move forward and then just vanished. It just disappeared! 
The object was just in front of our vehicle, no more than 100 yards away, and no more than 300 feet above. We had a completely unobstructed view. 
My daughter asked me again, "what was that dad"? I could not give her an answer. We just kept saying to each other that it was really weird. She then said, "dad, was that a UFO"? I told her that I wasnt sure but, because we could not identify it, it was flying, and it was definitely an object, it was a UFO to me.
We talked about it the rest of the evening, and I even called my brother to tell him what we saw. I am pretty sure that he thinks we are crazy, and if my daughter hadnt been with me and hadnt seen the same thing, I would probably think that he is right...
