{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 22:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490619","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3032,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/619/mufon-5490619.json","updb_database_id":5490619}
Series of 5 UFOs Hovering then moving West to East High Rate of Speed and Climbing Altitude Instantaneously.

Myself and a Friend of mine were standing in front of my house (my house faces west) when he spotted a bright white stationary light in the sky maybe 2-3 km away, he pointed it out as it seemed strange to him, saying "what the heck is that" as he pointed to it. I immediately got my phone and started recording as I had seen something strange a few days prior to this incident. the light began moving towards us (moving west to east) the object made no sound, had no tail, and did not flicker. It moved at a very high rate of speed in a straight line, as it went over my house, it appeared to flash a brighter white, and then turned orange and quickly started gaining altitude straight up. it disappeared within 1-2 seconds.

We stood there for a few minutes shocked at what we had seen, we sat on my patio and started discussing what exactly we had witnessed, constantly looking at the sky. After about 15 minutes, another white light turned on in the sky, behind it another, then another and another, they went on in consecutive order from east to west with a 1km spread between each one, each turning on only after the other, a total of 4 objects, stationary in the sky with no sound. the first displayed the same behaviour seen from the one 15 minutes earlier. it moved west to east at a high rate of speed as the others appeared to stay still, it turned from white to orange, then shot up into the sky at an alarming speed gone within 1-2 seconds. the other 3 followed shortly after. 

The objects appeared to be low, I'm not sure exactly how high as I don't know their size, its hard to gauge their distance, I'd say below 2500 feet above 1500. they emitted no sound, and displayed acceleration and altitude climb so extreme it makes the f-22 raptor look like a kids toy.
