{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-09-14 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5488141.json","updb_database_id":5488141}
{cak} observed four very bright lights hovering over a lake and dam near my home

This happened when my children were small. I had just picked them up from my mothers house and we had stopped by the grocery store on the way home. I live way out in the country so was going down a country road south of town when I spotted some very bright lights in the sky through the trees in front of me. This was late in the day about 5:00pm I guess, it has been a long time ago since this happened. We were heading east so the sun was behind us. At first I thought it was a plane and kept waiting for it to fly over us, but it never did. It stayed in the same place and I was getting closer to it as I drove along. finally I could see that it was over a lake. I turned off the road I was on to get closer to it. the road to the lake makes a sharp left turn and as I slowed down I could see four very bright lights in a row right over the dam in front of us. I rolled the window down and could not hear a sound coming from the craft. it was just hovering over the water and dam. my son was looking at it out his side of the car and when I looked away there was a little boy riding his bicycle coming toward me and he was looking at it too and I was afraid he was going to run into my car. when I looked back at the object it turned and shot off to the north over the trees. I tried to follow it but could not see it anymore and my youngest son was scared and was crying in the backseat so I went home. when I got home my husbands grandmother called and said that the news was reporting sightings of lights in the sky in the area I just left. I never did find out what it was and do not know of anyone else that saw it besides me and my son. he says that he can still remember seeing it. and we found out that the little boy on the bike is a friend of my sons and he can remember it too. I wish I new what it was. I will never forget it. I had a similar experience when I was very little probably in the mid 60's at my parents house in town. was raking the yard with my dad when I went down to the street to put straw into the ditch. I looked up and saw a dark greenish disc going over the road with smoke coming out the back. I remember being very scared and running to my dad and crying.
