{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5526141.json","updb_database_id":5526141}
a sequence of lights appearing in a line, repeating in various locations over time, plus individual lights in same area

Location of lights: North of Wickenburg, AZ, and west of Hwy #93 which connects Wickenburg to Flagstaff, AZ, and continues to Las Vegas. Area is sparsely populated, but easily seen from this busy highway. 
 Conditions: Clear and hot with almost full moon at zenith, hence no stars were visible, being obscured by the backscatter of moonlight.
 Description: At about 9:30 a single bright light in the western sky caught my eye through a window in my residence in Congress, AZ, 10 miles north of Wickenburg. (Phoenix is about 50 miles east of Wickenburg.)
No stars or aircraft could be seen. I waited for the light to move or blink, as would an aircraft light, however it simply disappeared after perhaps 20 seconds. A moment later another light appeared, slightly lower and a few degrees north of the 1st light, and it became a sequence or row of five lights in a straight horizontal row. The initial light went out and immediately the second light turned on, remaining for about 1/2 second, went out and the 3rd light turned on, and so forth for 5 lights total. The separations between lights was uniform and it was clearly a row of lights, not a single light that was moving and blinking.
 This pattern of sequential lights was repeated 4 more times, at intervals of 5 to 10 minutes, during the next hour, but with significant variations. Specifically, the next 3 times the sequence was of 6 lights in the row, not just 5. The 5th and last time the row was composed of 10 to 12 lights, which appeared much closer together and the on-off sequence was twice as fast as in the previous 4 appearances. Each appearance was at a slightly different location in the sky, making it appear that the lights were attached to a rigid platform, such as a large UFO, which moved slowly over a distance of several miles.
 Inbetween and even during the "row-sequence" appearances there were individual lights scattered about this area of sky, which single lights appeared for several seconds and then disappeared. Some were distinctly moving slowly but most appeared motionless.
 At about 10:30 a much brighter light appeared. It was orange in color, much larger than the white lights, forming a circle of uniform brightness. The orange light tuned on slowly, came up to full brightness and reamined so for perhaps 10 seconds and then faded into darkness. Still later, after most of the one hour show, a motionless green light appeared several times at various intervals. It was a soft green, rather diffused and dimmer than any of the white lights. After the green light had appeared 6 or 7 times over 5 minutes, all light activity seemed to have ceased and I stopped observing.
 Of coursse distances of "lights in the sky" are impossible to judge with any accuracy, however the platform of 5, 6 or 10 sequential lights provided some visual clues. Thus, I would estimate the main light displays were west of me about 10 to 15 miles, which would put them a few miles west of highway #93, and thus easily visible by traffic on that busy highway. Perhaps a truckdriver has or will report similar sightings.
 If that rough distance estimate has any merit, it would require that the sequnce light platform be at least a half-mile in length, perhaps a full mile, as the sequence appeared a several locations at various heights above the horizon.
 This is not my first UFO sighting by any means. My wife and I watched a "dance of 7 brilliant UFOs in 1975 in Minnesota and I photographed a UFO in Scottsdale, AZ, in 2005, plus I have seen a dozen or so UFO-like phenomena. 
 I do not for a moment doubt that I was observing lights on board several UFO craft in this area for over an hour. There was no sound, the actions were totally unlike any aircraft and no aircraft lights or stars appeared during this time period. The purpose of displaying their lights in this manner seems clearly to be to make humans think and to raise human awareness that we are not alone in this wonderful universe.
