{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-23 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5519141.json","updb_database_id":5519141}
brown disk -no sound- almost camouflaged from night sky

i saw this disk on the night given on the form above. this thing made no sound and the bottom was like it was mottled or burned with irregular marks.(i know it sounds funny but it looked like the bottom of a wok) it had no lights and made no sound. my father was a pilot and i know airplanes. i grew up around them. i have never seen anything like this. i have also never really believed in ufos. this was either secret military or from somewhere else. it took me about 2 weeks to get over seeing it. really rattled me. 

i am sane and not crazy but i have not told but a few people about it.

i must add that a week after my sighting , i heard that people had seen orange orbs in berlin the week before i saw this. this was not like what they had reported.
this disk went from horizon to horizon from a small moving dot (almost like a satelite)to a disk larger then a CD over my head at about 85 degrees. it moved from soutwest to northeast. i was on a rooftop alone and above the city lights. it was a clear and dark night. it was hard to tell how big it was. i had no reference. the stars were behind it so i don't think it was in orbit real far away as in massive. i would estimate it at about 30 meters wide. the most stange thing was that it made no sound. also..this was not a ballon of any type.

i found no reports about it anywhere. the next night i went at the same time(30min before) with a friend and a video camera. we looked for it to see if it was in orbit to get another look but nothing.

another thing. unless you were looking right at it or did not see it's movement as i did, i am not sure you would notice it. it was not reflective at all. it was more matt. email me if you need more info. my phone is not given.
