{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-13 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5480141.json","updb_database_id":5480141}
{rjl} V-Shaped UFO with 5 glowing lights. Resembles the TR-6 T.E.L.O.S.

On October 13th 2010 I saw the first UFO in my life.
No I never believed it to be an alien space ship.
After years of trying to figure out what I had seen flying over Grandview, I am finally close to my answer.
The probable name for this "Spacecraft" is the...

TR-6 T.E.L.O.S
Transatmospheric
Electrogravitic
Low
Observability
Surveillance Platform

A top secret fleet named "Solar Warden"
(operates classified under the US Government but also under the United Nations authority)

In conjuction with US Naval Network and Space Operations Command (NNSOC) [formerly Naval Space Command]

A vertical/short takeoff landing (VSTOL) aircraft
that is capable docking/communicating with space stations.
Able to interface with satellites.

My report of the description can be found on MUFON
if you Google "V-shaped UFO with 5 glowing lights in Grandview, Missouri."

If I just read this... I'd find it hard to believe.
But I saw it with my own eyes. With witnesses.

From Tesla, to "War of the Worlds", to "The New World Order"
Bring it together with a moon landing and "Aliens" as a cover-up.
NASA- or Never A Straight Answer wont tell ya.
Lots of money during the cold war was undisclosed.

Look up Operation Paperclip.

If we were to dissolve borders and create a new world order...
well its us versus the aliens.
Replace the word Aliens with the word.. TERRORIST.

Are you interested yet?
Here's a quote from Ronald Regan
President Ronald Reagan1s speech to the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 21, 1987, asked the question:

1In our obsession with antagonisms of the moment, we often forget how much unites all the members of humanity. Perhaps we need some outside, universal threat to make us recognize this common bond. I occasionally think how quickly our differences worldwide would vanish if we were facing an alien threat from outside this world. And yet I ask, is not an alien force already among us? What could be more alien to the universal aspirations of our peoples than war and the threat of war?1

Sometimes we must use analogies to understand.
Such as the Bible.

Aliens ahhahaha.
Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
Other times you are just ignorant.

The deceived people of the world would unite to fight the 1enemy1, and the globalist powers would manufacture and initiate crises such as:

Pollution (intentionally pollute the earth, although it would take a while to become sufficiently menacing to mankind)
Dictators (include here any fabricated enemy such as 1terrorists1)
Nuclear threat (Truman dropped the bombs when the Empire of Japan verbalized intent to negotiate peace)
Alien threat (a universal menace that would force national boundaries to dissolve)

Like I said. I never thought it was aliens.
One thing is for sure...
They don't want us to know what I had seen Oct. 2010.

Thanks for reading.
