{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-27 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5453141.json","updb_database_id":5453141}
One UAP sighted Apr.27 in Winnipeg, Three sighted on Apr. 29 in Winnipeg

My daughter and I were sitting in the backyard and I was looking for satellites and meteors while she was texting with a friend. The back of our house faces North but I was facing Northeast. It was just about 10:03 pm and getting dark so the sky was dark blue and there were only a couple small clouds. I looked East over my neighbors house and saw four lights in formation flying fairly low and very fast from Southeast to Northwest. After a second or two I could make out the shape of a craft. It was triangular, completely black, had thickness to it, and the four lights I initially saw were on the underside of it. The lights looked to be all the same size, one on each corner and one in the center and fairly dull. Almost like a yellow/gray color if that makes sense, not really yellow/orange. I said out loud "Holy S#!@ look look look!" and pointed it out to my daughter as it came into view again after passing behind a couple cedars between the houses. She only saw it for a second and unfortunately couldn't make it out. It moved at a consistent speed the whole time toward the Northwest. And that speed was FAST. It took about 6 seconds from the time I first saw it until it was out of sight. And it made no noise at all, not even a whisper. It was roughly 300 to 400 ft high. It looked like it was about 1000ft away. Not sure about the actual size of it, maybe 80-100 ft. I wish it was brighter out and had better points of reference. And once again I want to express the SPEED that it was moving at. From what I can tell it's about 1 to 1.5 km from when I first saw it until it was gone toward the Northwest and it covered that in about 6 or 7 seconds. I did a calculation and it would have to be going about 700mph to cover that distance that fast.

 I'm attaching a couple pictures that I took in my backyard the next day to better explain exactly what I saw on April 27. I drew in the UAP in the exact location, size, and direction it was going. And as I stated the sky was dark blue at the time it happened the previous evening.

 On Wednesday April 29 at 10:07pm I also saw a different UAP travelling exactly the same height, speed, and direction but it was a completely different UAP with 5 lights. Then at about 10:35 that same night I saw two other UAPs up very high interacting together. Would I need to make two separate reports for the other ones I saw on Wednesday? 

 I realize all this sounds kind of crazy but that is exactly what happened on those days and I'd be happy to help with any other information I can provide. I wasn't sure about having my name out publicly at this point so I'd like my name kept private please. It's affected me a bit. I would really appreciate it if someone could get back to me regarding this since I emailed someone locally after the first sighting and received no response. Thank you for your time.

Paul
