{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-28 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5529141.json","updb_database_id":5529141}
A small metalic faceted oval cylinder was cruising silently eastward above average helicopter altitudes.

On Thursday October 28, 2010; I was at 12300 Atlantic Avenue in Lynwood, California approximately 9:00 am when I glanced up for no apparent reason (possibly instinct) and noticed a small metalic faceted oval cylinder cruising silently eastward. 
  The object was traveling in a perfectly straight line and was definately NOT a balloon. It's speed was too slow to have been a winged aircraft. It was too silent to have had a mechanical motor. It was above normal helicopter traveling altitude and below jet liner altitude.
  Believe it or not, I just stopped watching the object because it was not interesting as I did not feel threatened, curious or confused by it. 
  It wasn't until a few minutes later that I told my friend that "I think I saw a UFO". 
  I'm an ameteur astronomer with a telescope, and I saw a "shooting star" (meteor) and a satelite this morning about 5 a.m. just before I remembered my UFO sighting and decided to report it finally now an hour later. So I'm familiar with objects in the sky during the day and at night. Ask someone if they've ever seen a star during the day (other than our sun). Very few people even know that you can see a star during the day. I've have piloted a single engine piper cub and have flown many times in a passenger jet to other countries. I also am familiar with mechanics and physics and I know that what I saw was not a bird, balloon, airplane, UAV, helicopter, or satelite.
  Just for the record, Although I've watched every UFO documentary in te last 30 years, I am a partial skeptic of UFO's. I believe in the phenomena of people seeing and experiencing "UFO's", but I do not believe in biological alien beings from outter space. Earth is privileged to have a moon not too close and not too far, A sun not too close and not too far, an ozone layer, a "salt water" ocean, just the right ratio of sea and land,just the right amount of volcanic/platectonic activity, and tree with a special nut that only ONE creature on the Earth can open it so that it can root and grow another tree (so which came first . . . the tree or the creature ?) The list of these privileges goes on and on. The possibility and probability of any other planet having all these necessary combinations for life to survive and thrive is nill. As is we are destroying our own planet just by our very existence. We are destorying our ozone, forests, oceans and extincting many species of animals. Damage or destroy just ONE of these privileges and life WILL cease on Earth.
  What I do believe however, is that there's a global conspiracy of black projects with black funds to create aircraft for the world to see in order to create a virtual foreign invader. Humans cannot get along, but if we have a common enemy, then we will drop our differences to join forces and defeat our enemy. A professor once told us that the world will never have peace from war without leadership. 
  We need a hostile common enemy from literally out of this world to get all the nations of Earth to join together under a one world government. Hence, the black projects from black funds. Even your very own site mentions how president Reagan told the Russian president that an alien attack would get warring nations to join together.
