{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494141","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/141/mufon-5494141.json","updb_database_id":5494141}
{cak} Watching flybys of WW2 Bombers. Saw blinking, throbing light for awhile, then later 3 more appeared.  Came back at one time and was bright med metallic blue?

In backyard watching B-17 and B-25 flying low around neighborhood, live near John Wayne airport (SNA). Binoculars are 15x70, 4.4FOV. Clear day, few contrails, Couple small clouds, maybe only 3 Percent in sky. Caught star sized blinking light (slight white-orange). Probably around 5:40pm. Would watch it, neck get tried, stop, then anywhere from 2 minutes to 5 minutes would look back and find it. 
At 6:10pm, looked up and it (or maybe a different one?) was blue! Bright metallic blue, medium tone, not a dark blue. Watched that as long as I could (3 to 5 minutes?)was moving West towards South slow. Came into the house. Several minutes later went back outside to spot it again and it had a pink-ish slight red, but mostly white. In the meantime it was (if the same one) always throbbing from real dim to very bright un-rhythmically. 

As I was lowering and raising the binoculars (neck strain), I then saw another dim light appear near the one I was watching (in the FOV- Field of View) then was brighter then started blinking. Then another. Then I was moving my binoculars around slightly to see another, 4 total. They were all moving west and west south except the original one which stopped blinking, was steady-ish light (one of the new ones, somewhat slowly, flew "through" the original one. I first thought they were going to merge, did not). Lost track of the other three.
The original one eventually started to blink again. Moved slowly to the west almost directly overhead. Flew past Venus (which in the day looked like a round small disk), then was heading back the opposite way towards the East. Then I lost sight.
Note: at one time I saw a balloon with the string drifting faster and high (it was a lot bigger that the lights moving South), I could easily see the shape of the balloon. Another time near the end of my viewing, something came moving past my FOV that was close, moving East. Had no string, was bright orange, shape seemed to have lots of triangles and was "rolling" took up about 1/2 my view. Thought it was maybe a balloon, but didn't want to take my sight off the multiple blinking lights at that time.
The winds usually move West towards the North here in Santa Ana next to the South Coast Plaza (Border Costa Mesa), Orange County, California.

About two years ago, Saw one with naked eye that was reddish white on a late Friday sun still up. Saturday I forgot to look again to see if they were there but Sunday went out to the backyard late in the day about the same time and wallah! About ten minutes later we saw three more appear and hover, some slightly drifting,(didn't have my binoculars then) They were pulsing red/orange. After about twenty minutes, they started to move in different directions. One South, one West (almost over our heads) and the other two went North. After they started to move, they started to twinkle very brightly as they were moving faster and vanish (I only saw two vanish but they others also were gone).
