{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-29 15:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3339,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5499556.json","updb_database_id":5499556}
{dr}Another Slow Moving UFO near Lakewood, Ohio during a Blue Angels practice run.

My work shift just ended and the Blue Angels were doing a practice run for the Cleveland National Airshow held over Labor Day weekend. I went outside to take a look. I pulled out my phone to get some video of them, as they pass pretty close. As I faced North waiting for them I noticed an object traveling North to South. I thought airplane when I first seen it. I then seen it stop and then continue. Chopper I then thought. The distance and my eyesight didn't allow for a clear view. The object paused just for a second or two at least a couple of times before I started filming. I picked up the video about half way of the time I viewed it. Unfortunately I didn't know how to zoom in on my newer phone. The video going to the ground at the beginning was my attempt to find the zoom. The object has a small pause in it's motion near the beginning and a longer pause near the end as it nears the building. 

There is no WOW factor in this video, nor was I thinking, hey, a UFO. As I watched it and ruled out airplane and chopper the only shape I could make out was square to rectangle. The object appeared bigger in person than it does on video. A drone of some sort was my only other thought but with the distance it traveled north to south a regular quadricopter used for GoPro type video wouldn't have that range, I presume. I estimate the travel range that I observed North to South was 3 to 5 miles.

I stopped filming because of sun glare and assumed it wouldn't show up. The video is shot facing West. Lakewood is about 5 miles in that direction. The fact that MUFON posted another video of a similar object in the same vicinity is the only reason I am submitting this one. 

Within 30 seconds after I stopped filming the object that I can't identify, the Blue Angels were in my face and I hit record again. I'm also including this clip so you can verify the time stamps. I was facing North again but turned East to follow the Angels. The same building is at my back. It wasn't until after I went back inside that I realized a No Fly Zone was most likely in effect while the Blue Angels were in the air. 

Here's hoping that you have some video software that may be able to help zoom in without much distortion. The object appears very small on video and is just left of dead center at the beginning, moving to the left (south) in case your not seeing it. The audio sound is from machinery in the building behind me. I'm not big on email so feel free to call me.
