{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-27 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3082,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5287556.json","updb_database_id":5287556}
1 triangular shaped object followed by 2 square shaped objects flew towards Rocky Mts.

I was taking my dog for a walk not far from my house and looked up and saw what looked like a black triangle fly over head. It was very high up and had something hanging underneath it like an antenna or a metal chair leg. It came from the East and was heading West towards the Rocky Mountains. It moved in a straight line and had 2 glowing lights underneath. It was moving slower than an airplane, but still quite fast. I ran home with my dog and climbed up to the roof of my garage where I saw a black cube flying in the same direction, East to West, maybe 10 minutes after the first. It was much father away and North of my position. The cube looked to be surrounded by something translucent, like a bubble. It reflected light periodically. Similar movement as the triangular object. There were numerous airplanes in the sky during this time. One actually flew over the object, but was much father away and higher up. The airplane seemed to be moving faster and was photographed and filmed with the black cube. After about five minutes I noticed a second black cube that looked exactly like the 1st cube. However, it was on the South side of my house still moving from East to West. Each object continued at a constant speed in a straight line until they were out of sight and I did not see them again. I was only able to get pictures and videos of the 2 black cubes but not of the black triangle. Images 1, 2, & 3 and Video 1 shows the 1st black cube. In Image 1 the object is just above the central powerline while the airplane is much higher up. In Image 2 the object is below the central powerline. You will need to zoom in to properly see the objects in the photos. Images 4 & 5 and Video 2 show the 2nd black cube.
