{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5497556.json","updb_database_id":5497556}
{dr}3 large very bright triangle ufos traveling same flight path a half mile apart

I was sitting in my house with my mom near dark on the 4th of july. We noticed far in the distance a very bright red orangish light heading our direction. The light had a look to a firework exploding so there was no initial reaction. The light then became 3 lights as it got closer and we could see better. There was one light in the front and 2 in the back. All circular shaped very large redish orange lights that formed a triangle and were clearly apart of the same object as it silently came closer as we watched it come closer and closer until the cover of our roof hid the object. I looked back out the window and saw 2 more of these triangle crafts coming. I went outside for a better look at the other 2. They were 2 seperate crafts than the first but looked the same. Huge triangles about the size of a commercial jet high up in the sky but a little lower than a jet. There were no blinking lights anywhere on all 3 of them. As my mom and i watched i didnt even think to take pics or videos as i have seen so many planes etc in the sky but nothing remotely close to this and sort of stood there staring at it trying to make logical reason of them until they had flown past which took about 3 to 5 minutes. They made no noise at all. After thinking about things they could have been i cant think of a single logical thing it can potentially be. I really wish i had not been so in awe of what i had seen and taken video. Of all days it had to be on the 4th of july so people immediately think fireworks but theres a big difference between fireworks and 3 huge triangle crafts at high altitude with lights like u have never seen before and on a flight path that no local airports have planes approach on. I searched on internetfor triangle ufos and they looked
much like what was seen in belgium. There was no light in center of ufo as some see though
