{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-04 19:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5523556.json","updb_database_id":5523556}
The Size Of A Football Field! Silent!

Lee1s Summit, Mo.								Tuesday 7:52 pm
October 4th, 2011
I saw a U.F.O. I do believe that we are not alone in the universe and I do believe in God. In my lifetime I have observed strange lights in the sky, I have read articles about abductions or eyewitness accounts U.F.O. sightings, and I admit to watching shows about area 51, Roswell and government cover-ups. Hollywood is alwys entertaining when bringing a new twist to the elusive E.T. 1s that are watching us, snatching us and performing their tests on us. I am not fanatical about the subject.
I am going to recount the events and what I saw from my balcony. Many other people saw the same thing and reported it. I just want to know what it was. 
I was sitting on my balcony, talking on the phone, I looked up as this enormous, slow moving, very bright object began to move over the tree line. I said I had to go, wanted to get a picture of this & my phone was dying, so I needed to get my charger plugged in. Then I stood frozen and stared. 
It was Not a stealth. It was moving SE, and another smaller craft (small plane, helicopter?) was moving NW. At first I thought they were going to collide, then (it seemed almost awkward) maneuvered and I remember thinking 1the little one seems panicked.1 It was not the normal amount of space between two aircraft. The little one disappeared, then count-I, 2, it flew over the top of the big one. This is when I remembered my desire for pictures and my dying phone. By the time I was back outside it had moved to the E side of downtown L.S. Then my phone rang, I answered it, plugged it in, and it was gone when I got back outside. THAT FAST!
The Craft- It was at least the size of a football field. I really could not tell what the overall shape was. It had two rows of lights that spanned the width and then under those lights were two more rows, centered, but shorter in width. There was a consistent pattern in the lights, that changed in number, becoming less at the center, but symmetrical, for example- Left to Right- 9, 8, 8,, 5,, 3, 4, 3,, 5,, 8, 8, 9. Each number represents the uninterrupted chain of 1bulbs1 each comma represents a space. The top two rows were identical. Sizeable space, then rows three and four were solid, no interruptions. I would say they were the width of 5-5. The lights seemed brighter, whiter than the little craft1s light, but I don1t remember them changing colors or pulsing.
I didn1t see the craft flip on it1s side or disappear. What I noticed the most, frightened me most. There was no noise. Not from either one. I could hear my cats playing inside, my microwave beep (my tea was done) and my neighbors talking.
My daughter was on HWY 291 with a friend. They both saw it. They had to lean over in the car to see the whole thing, it was right over them. The same daughter has chosen a caree in avaition, so we CONSTANTLY watch the aircraft in the skies. This was different.
October 5th, 1:30 pm. I called LS airport, to inquire. The man who answered said he had heard nothing about this occurance, that it must be some local pilots practicing their formation routine for an upcoming event (off the record, of course.) He said that I must be mistaken, that people mistake common things (weather balloons, stray kites, etc.) all the time. I responded with 1doesn1t our local airport have a responsibility to know who is where in our skies?1 He informed me that clearly I was mistaken, thanked me for calling and hung up.
I know what I saw. I made my next call to KCI. I was transferred four times to 1someone who could better answer those questions.1 Number five was an air traffic control person. He listened me but said he had heard nothing of this either. I asked him to google UFO/Lees Summit10/04/2011. I asked how so many could see this and KCI not know? I said 1if it was confidential, then say it1s confidential, and I would shut up and hang up. If it1s a really big airplane, then tell me the model, but don1t say you didn1t even know it was there!1 He reviewed radar starting at 6:00 pm. After about a minute he says1 Well I see here there WAS Something flying in our airspace, but we weren1t talking to them1 I said 1HUH?1 He got quiet, then said 1oh it must be a 747 that landed at about 7:28 pm. He had nothing else to say. I thanked him and hung up.
I am not an MIT hopeful. I will never be a brain surgeon. I am also not stupid. 
If it was confidential then why was it flying SO Slowly and SO Close to the ground? We all know what the Stealth looks like1a weather balloon? A little more tact when insulting someone1s intelligence is in order. 
Yep-it1s unexplained. Yep-it looks fishy. What are they doing at our airports? Answers would be Awesome! I have low expectations.
