{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5481556.json","updb_database_id":5481556}
{cak} there was two lights but one quickly disappeared the other got brighter and teleported behind us

I was with 2 friends of mine and we were driving back from San Francisco after a concert on Highway 101. As we were driving it was about 12:15 When I noticed two strange lights in the sky, we were passed SFO airport but these lights did not have green or red lights signaling where they were going. They were bright orange orbs, as i pointed it out, one disappeared. afterwards I started recording and will include the video files. The one light that remained stayed stationary for a bit in the sky only to dim out and appear again across the road this time brighter and lighting up the sky and the clouds behind it. It would dim out again but the bright aura still could be seen through the clouds. Next what happened after i stopped recording, I saw the ship behind me about maybe 300ft hovering in the air over a building. It was rectangle in shape and had red and orange-yellow glowing lights underneath and strange markings live I've never seen before. The ship was at least 30 feet, maybe bigger. One of my friends saw the ship as well and described it like I just did in the same way. I'm certain we both saw it. I felt like I was being watched, It knew that I knew that there was something strange going on and It felt like someone was staring through my mind. After the ship appeared behind us it quickly teleported again or moved really fast but after that it wasn't seen again. I think it was observing the meteor shower that was happening a few days ago and it noticed that my emotional levels were spiking because of witnessing a ufo. It wasn't there for long but my friends and all saw it and can agree that it was an UFO. I've reached out to many sites but everyone just ignores what I say or thinks I'm lying but this all happened in front of me.
