{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-11 02:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5451556.json","updb_database_id":5451556}
White legs that moved oddly with no troso, arms head etc.

It was about 2am and I was about to go to bed. I went to the front door and noticed that our glowing UFO was back. Its has been seen by myself and my wife a few times. This time however, it was moving more erratically. Darting all over the place. I went to the laundry room to get a better view and decided to try again to take a few photos. I noticed that my phone had a night mode and decided to give that a try. I took a few videos as well. When I looked at the night mode photo I noticed it was just a small dot, but I zoomed in and saw the very strange object that I am going to send you. I started to think what this could possibly be. It doesn't move or look like a drone and it is definitely not a plane. Then, from my right outside my window on the road it walked by. It was as crazy as it sounds a pair of white legs with what looked like track pants? It didn't have a torso that I could see or arms or a head. Just legs. The movement was not like a human, it was moving quite fast. I hate to say it but I freaked out. It scared the hell out of me. I am still scared now thinking about it. It moved past my house to the left and past my field of view where a tree is. I closed the curtains freaking out. Closed the laundry/bathroom door and kinda stood there stunned and scared. I eventually went upstairs and texted my wife who was at work. I zoomed in some of the other photos by taking screenshots zooming then taking another screenshot. I don't know what that thing was but we will be looking tonight again. I tried earlier to send the video but it might be too big and our internet is crappy because we are in the country. If possible can I email the videos directly?
