{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-01 01:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5292556.json","updb_database_id":5292556}
Updating Report #79588 {A huge golden pyramid of light appeared to be lowering from the sky, Disintegrated before touching down} - {djs}

This is an updated report, new information has emerged over time and after the initial shock and lack of sleep after my experience. 

I spent seven hours on location Friday night, September 31st, 2016 to prepare for the National Ghost Hunt put on by Brian Cano. I left there a little after 1:00 a.m., now it is October 1st. As I was heading home, which is about eight miles away from my home. I suddenly didn’t feel well, I was dizzy and nauseated, I thought I shouldn’t keep driving so I thought I should go to my sisters house which is right around the corner. I looked down at my clock in my car, it was 1:11, when I looked back up I saw a HUGE pyramid of golden light in the sky, it was like shimmering light bars forming the pyramid, it did have sides that were like golden light beams and a bottom that was black with some sort of geometric pattern on it with symbols that put me in mind of Japanese writing.It also had a much lighter, possibly gray, circle in the center. 
I watched it as it seemed to be lowering and looked like it would touch earth, it was also rotating slowly. I kept watching for what seemed to be a long time but was probably less than two minutes. As this was happening it felt like an energy charge was going through me, my car bogged down to a slow crawl and my interior lights came on. I could feel my hair standing up as if it were being pulled, even on my arms, and my ears were ringing very loudly from the buzzing noise, it sounded like I was sitting under several power lines. It didn't appear to be solid except for the bottom of it and it seemed to be about ten miles wide, it's hard to be sure of how big this really was but my closest guess would be about the width of a four lane highway.. I wanted to turn off the interior lights and grab my phone, but my hands wouldn’t move, they were frozen to the steering wheel. It seemed to just fade away, like it dissipated and was gone, I don’t remember it leaving. I honestly don't remember my drive home after seeing it,the next thing I remember was being in my driveway in my car and I tried to turn the interior lights off, they wouldn't shut off. I quickly got out of my car and I stood in my driveway looking at the sky for a minute and thinking that I had to tell someone as soon as possible. I ran into my house and sent a Facebook message to a team member of mine who was on site with me just a few minutes ago. Two days later I looked at the message to include information in my MUFON report, that’s when I saw that it was 2:19 a.m. when I sent the message. That's and hour and eight minutes from the time I saw the UFO, I was only a few minutes or so from home when it appeared. I had no idea that there was such a time span. I assumed I had been in shock and that was why I didn't have memory of my drive home. I talked to her until 2:42 a.m. then spent the rest of the night pacing and trying to make sense of what I saw, I was in and out of my house looking at the sky. When I made the report two days later, I could still hear the buzzing in my ears a little and was feeling off balance (now 4 years later I still have some buzzing in my ears and balance issues) and in a bit of a fog. It didn’t take long before I knew that I was becoming obsessed with the need to know what I saw. It was about six weeks later that MUFON sent an investigator to test my car for electromagnetism, even at that time it was still on the high side.

When I first made my report to MUFON it was just a few days after my experience, and at that point I had not slept for more than a few minutes at a time. In the coming weeks, months, and now four years, I continue to have re-occurring dreams/visions of seeing bits and pieces of what happened during that hour and eight minutes. Somehow, I know that this was not my first time being with “them”. I know that they had me on a table of some sort, oddly it didn’t feel like a table but more like a warm fluid of some type, it had a gooey feel to it, it seemed to surround me. I struggled to move but was not able to control any part of my body, including my eyes. I could see but not well, everything was blurred, it was as if they limited my vision and did not allow me to see faces at all. What I could see were long arms and hands doing something over me. Hands were over different areas of my body, I had no idea what they were doing to me other than taking something off of my forehead that looked, and felt as it was being pulled off, similar to black electrical tape. 
I want to make note that some of the health issues that I had at the time, Arterial Fibrillation of my heart and Fibromyalgia, seemed to improve quite a bit. My hearing got worse and I now have to have surgery for a very rare growth inside of my left ear. I may update that information after the surgery if it may pertain to this phenomenon.
