{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-04 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5290556.json","updb_database_id":5290556}
I was just south from the Montana Canadian Border at a very remote location. My wife and I stepped out for a smoke at about 1:00 in the morning.

I was just south from the Montana Canadian Border at a very remote location. My wife and I stepped out for a smoke at about 1:00 in the morning. I like to carry my Green laser pointer just cause its fun to play with at night. We were staying the night at a friend's on the Blackfoot Indian Reservation. I was gazing at the clear crisp beautiful night sky when I noticed or it looked like one of the stars was very bright. Then I noticed it was moving very slow I also realized it now seemed very close. Not as in it moved but as in my depth perception tuned in. Wow I thought. What.....in....the.....heck! I shined my green lazer at it I guess out of instinct I don't really know why. It immediately turned off its powerfull white and yellow light and turned bright red. This was extremely scary to me I mean it freaked me out to the very core. Anyway as soon as ot changed colors it shot what looked like straight out into space with a at a speed and acceleration that would kill a man I should think due to the g force alone. When it stopped I noticed the second one. It was the same color. The danced around each other for maybe 5 minutes. Then one of them came tumbling back toward me in a cork screw maneuver, while the other one slowly decended to the north east over the Canadian border and towards Waterton national park. The one coming back towards me just kept corkscrews and dancing above me in the night sky. This is about when I grabbed my wife to come smoke and look at it with me. She also saw it and didn't understand what we were seeing. Eventually it slowly floated over the Canadian border and out of sight. The was zero noise, which may have been the most frightening part. The craft was not 30,000 feet I knew that because I often watch commercial jets at night. I also watch fighter jets and recognize their altitudes and abilities. This craft was low slow powerfully and had no noise. I estimate no higher than 10000 feet and no lower than 7000 feet. If it had any sort of conventional engine I know I would of heard at least something. It was clear and bright out and dead quiet that night. I have no evidence except my word. I hope that holds some value. I have nothing to gain I do however want to know so badly what "these" things are. I know maelstrom is not far from where I was at and I know they have seen things before. I have also read of a trapper in the 1800s who saw something crash and it cut a swath in the trees and he followed it to find symbols on it but I don't know if thats reliable or true? Anyway again, I don't scare easy. I'm very intelligent and what I saw deeply disturbed me. I don't know how to describe it it was crazy.
