{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 15:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2651,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5495556.json","updb_database_id":5495556}
{nd} caught on HD video at my bus stop during the afternoon

I was headed to work and walked a block from home to catch the city bus. Standing there for whatever reason I looked up and straight above my head was a little round dot way above my head. I lost interest. It was a still day not even a breeze so something motionless for a bit I didn't think would be so unusual. In about two minutes I looked up again and it was in the same spot. To me it looked like it had a red light that flickered on and off again for a few seconds then it moved what looked like higher. I took a picture with my phone and while I could see it with my eyes I couldnt see it in the picture. Then I couldnt see it at all because it had vanished. A moment later I saw it move down and move along the horizon north of me, still Well above the ground and away from me. at brief seconds above me again. I decided to run video to try and catch it that way. About 35 seconds later I stopped recording and gave up. The next day I decided to take a closer look at the picture and the video. In the portion of the sky I thought I had seen the object I enlarged it greatly and did find a small dot what seemed like miles in the sky. I went to the video and did the same thing. Just toward the end of the video I kept seeing a streak that flashed across the sky. On closer look I found what I believe to be the same object Entering the field of view(during the 33rd sec and frame by frame) at tremendous speed,from lower left to upper right, traversing that part of the sky in less than a split second before turning straight up and vanishing. If you do not look at the video frame by frame you will not see it, its moving so fast. From the same point of entry in the video you can greatly enlarge the photo. It is there but you may or may not be able to find it.
