{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-17 14:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283556","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119881","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3223,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/556/mufon-5283556.json","updb_database_id":5283556}
We lived next to a base for years. 2 F35s flew by slowly above the houses side by side during the siting then a Radar plane behind them.

Just for your information we live next to a military base and have for years. We love our military.
It was a Sunday afternoon 2:51 p.m. I decided to take a break from rushing between doing backyard work and watching a football game on t.v. so I sat out in the backyard with a beer. 
It was a beautiful, clear blue skies, sunny day. 
As looking towards my upper-right (N,E, sky) way high (jumbo jets heights possibly? ) a shiny glimmer caught my eye and I saw a long thin horizontal reflecting line/object at first just thinking another jet streaking by. I then kinda turn away my head and take a drink of my beer.
Then I look up again and to my surprise the horizontal/line object was now changing shape/morphing but not really any color just shimmering white/silver at first and now was vertical but split into 2 half moon like shapes oscillating vertically mechanical like but like a light completely white with no solid looking lines. It stayed stationary at the same high altitude but the 2 halves were slowly side shifting/oscillating vertically. 
Then jokingly (not really understanding or realizing at the moment or not believing what I'm seeing thinking it's a hoax) raise my beer to salute. 
Then a second object appears to its left. A smaller solid orb/pod-like object that remained stationary but slowly spinning!
With every revolution it made there was a huge reflection on it's surface/window from the west shinning sun. It also would have a reddish sheen/hue/glow with every revolution as well.
THEN....I knew something was going on after 2 F35 jets flew slowly right over the houses side by side then a Radar plane. 
The objects were definitely way too high to be a drone and definitely not balloons. The objects were not flying to be understood they were hovering/stationary.
I also noticed the birds in the neighborhood were really acting up.
I did not have my phone on me and no camera, only my beer, haha.
I wanted to so badly to run in the house to grab my camera but thought by the time I did that (not knowing where it was) it would be gone or miss seeing something.
After the objects remained in the sky for a few minutes I finally decided to run in the house to grab my phone and come back out.
I didn't even attempt to take a picture with my phone because it's an older phone and would have never been able to spot the distant objects.
I texted my family as it was happening and then I look up and everything is gone!
It lasted approximately 3 minutes.
