{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T00:42:50Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 14, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 760635, "source_file": "NSA-UFO-FOIA/pdfs/citizens-against-unidentified-flying-objects-secrecy-v-nsa-civil-action-no-80-1562.pdf", "source_sha256": "f790d961d63c46ed97d5b9c6251180d762f8bc0dd0bf0b492b3c6f18f44bb75b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1371, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
clears.
UNITED STATES DISTRICI COURT
POR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
CITIZENS AGAINST UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECTS SECRECY
Plaintiff
CIVIL ACTION NO.
BO-1562
.....
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY
• Defendant
AFFIDAVIT OF EUGENE F. YEATES
State Of Maryland
County Of Anne Arundel)
Eugene E. Yeates, being duly sworn, deposes and says:
1. I am the Chief, Office of Policy, of the National
Security Agency (NSA). As Chief, Office of Policy, I am
responsible for processing all initial reguests made pursuant
to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) for NSA Iecords. I
have iead and am familiar with the allegations contained in the
Complaint in this case. The statements herein are based upon
my knowledge, upon my personal review of information available
to me in my official capacity, and upon conclusions ieached in
accordance therewith.
2. I submit this affidavit regarding all records that
have been located by the NSA pursuant to the plaintiff's FOIA
requests, in support of the Agency's Motion for Summary Judgment.
To supplement this testimony, I will execute an additional
affidavit, classified IOP SECRET, to provide highly classified
information which is not available in the public realm and
which specifically identifies the NSA records being withheld
from the plaintiff for the Court's in camera consideration.
Approved for Release
by NSA on
11-3-2004, FOIA Case
#
44543

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1893, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
-
THE RELEVANT DOCUMENTS
3. Ihis Agency received four separate referrals (described
below) from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) concerning NSA
documents located by that Agency when it was engaged in FOIA
litigation concerning information pertaining to uros. (Ground
Saucer Watch v. CIA, D.D.C. #78-859.) The first was on Noverber:
9, 1978 when this Agency received copies of fifteen Agency documents
located by CIA. The NSA also received two other referrals fron
CIA on December 4, 1978 which provided three additional NSA
documents. Subsequently by letter dated December 14, 1978,
attorney for the plaintiff, Peter A. Gersten (who was the
attorney of lecord in the CIA litigation) was informed by CIA of
the ieferral of the documents to this Agency. MI. Gersten then
filed a réquest with NSA for the eighteen documents in his own
name on December 22, '1978. . In a letter dated January 9, 1979;
Roy R. Banner, Chief, Policy Staff, advised MI. Gersten that'...
the NSA Iecords that had been ieferred to this Agency by CIA
were exempt from release under 5 U.S.C.$ 552(b)(1) because they
are classified in their entirety, and exempt from release under
5 U.S.C. $ 552(b) (3) because they are exempt from release
by 18 D.S.C. $ 798, 50 U.S.C. $ 403(d)(3) and Section 6 of
Public Law 86-36 150 U.S.C. 402 (note)). I lA Copy of this letter
1s attached to the Complaint as Exhibit Ç. A true and correct
copy is also attached to this affidavit as Exhibit 1.)
4. By letter dated January 29, 1979 MI. Gersten appealed
:
the denial of the documents referred by the CIA. (A copy
of this letter is attached to the Complaint as Exhibit D. A
true, and correct copy of this letter (less enclosures) is also
attached to this affidavit as Exhibit 2.) On March 2,. 1979
the NSA FIeedom Of Information Act/ Privacy Act Appeals Authority
affirmed the denial of the request for release of the information
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1969, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
on the same grounds, i.e., that the information is classified in
its entirety and therefore exempt from
release under 5 U.S.C.
§ 552(b) (1) and that the information is exempt from release under
5 U.S.C. $ 552(b)(3) fos the reason that other statutes prevent
its disclosure, to wit: 18 U.S.C. § 798, 50 U.S.C. § 403(d)(3)
and Section 6 of public Law 86-36. (A copy of this letter is
attached to the Complaint as Exhibit E. A true and correct copy
is also attached to this affidavit as Exhibit 3.)
5. On February 16, 1979 plaintiff in the instant case,
by counsel, filed an FOIA request with NSA for all documents
in possession or under the control of NSA relating to UFOS
and the UFO phenomena. (A copy of this letter is attached
. to
the Complaint as Exhibit F. A copy is also attached hereto and
marked Exhibit 4.) By letter dated January 10, 1980, Mr.
Banner released two documents within the scope of the equest;
deletions of information exempt under the provisions of 5
U.S.C. $ 552(b)(1) and (b) (3) were taken prior to that release
Plaintiff was also advised in this letter that other NSA
documents existed but were exempt from release under 5 U.S.C. S
552(b) (1) because they
are classified in their entirety; exempt
from release under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(3) because disclosure of
them was prohibited by 18 U.S.C. §798, 50 U.S.C. S 403(d) (3) and
Public Law 86-36; exempt from disclosure under 5 U.S.C. S
552(b) (5) because they are intra agency memoranda, or letters
which would not be available by law to a party other than an
agency in litigation with this Agency; or exempt under 5 J.S.C.
$ 552(b)(6) because they are to personnel or similar files the
disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted
invasion of personal privacy. (A copy of this letter is attached
to the Complaint as Exhibit G. A true and correct copy is
also attached to this affidavit as Exhibit 5.) The January
10
letter also advised the plaintiff that certain information,
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1895, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
originating with other Federal agencies or components would be
referred to the originating agency. A total of seventy-nine
documents were referred to various agencies for their direct
response to plaintiff.
6. An additional NSA document was referred to the NSA by
the CIA on July 27, 1979. (The fourth and final CIA referral.)
In a letter dated December 19, 1979, MI. Banner responded to the
referial by again advising MI. Gersten that this record is
exempt from release under 5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(1) because it was
classified in its entirety, and exempt from release under 5
= x=
U.S.C. $ 552(b) (3) because disclosure of it was prohibited by 18
U.S.C. $ 798, 50 U.S.C. S 403(d) (3) and Public Law 86-36. (A
true and correct copy of this letter is attached as Exhibit 6.)
7. By letter dated January 23, 1980, plaintiff appealed
the denial of the information referred by CIA and the subsequent
denial of his general FOIA reguest of February: 16, 1979. By
reply letter dated Maich 24, 1980, the NSA Freedom of Informa-
tion Act/Privacy Act Appeals Authority affirmed the denial of
plaintiff's request for release of information on the same
grounds as cited above. (A copy of this letter is attached to
the Complaint as Exhibit K. A true and correct copy is also
attached to this affidavit as Exhibit 7.)
8. Finally, a portion of a document which is responsive
to the plaintiff's request was recently declassified and released
to counsel for the plaintiff by letter dated September 15, 1980.
(A true and correct copy of this letter less the enclosure
is attached as Exhibit 8.)
THE STATUS AND MISSION OF NSA
9: NSA was established by Presidential Directive in
October 1952 as a separately organized Agency within the
Department of Defense under the direction, authority, and
control of the Secretary of Defense, who was designated by the
President as Executive Agent of the Government for conducting

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1867, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the communications security activities and signals intelligence
activities of the United States. A primary signals intelligence
(SIGINT) mission of NSA is to intercept radio communications
sent to or from foreign governments in order to obtain foreign
intelligence information necessary to the national defense,
national security, or the conduct of foreign affairs. | The
intelligence information derived from the intercept of foreign
communications is called communications intelligence (COMINT)
Of the NSA records at issue in this case, only four are not ?
COMINT reports and will be addressed separately. All of the
remaining records sought in this civil action are the product
of signals intelligence activities.
. 10. These COMINI activities include the targeting of
foreign governments' conmunications both within their borders
and to and from communicants abroad involving the use of their
own radio transmitter and receiver facilities not available for
public use.
Such communications links are known as "government
net" communications. A foreign government may use other means
for sending and receiving
international radio communications in
addition to or instead of its own government facilities.
(International radio conmunications as used here includes
communications passed at least in part by wire.) Ihis involves
the foreign government's use of the facilities of an international
communications common-carrier which is also available for use
by the public. Such common-access carriers supply the means by
which more than half the encrypted, and plain text radio conmunie!
cations of foreign governments, foreign organizations, and
their representatives are carried.
• Il. It is common knowledge that the total volume of radio
signals transmitted on a given day is vast. It is also generally
known that radio transmissions can be received by anyone
5
X

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1884, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
operating the proper receiving equipment in the right place at
the right time. Thus, the fact that NSA can intercept radio
communications is generally known. So, too, is it known to
foreign officials that such interception of ladio communications
is a primary mission of the NSA. Foreign officials may be
expected to know, also, that NSA cannot possibly intercept even
a significant percentage of all such communications, especially
taking account of the fact that NSA's activities involve
worldwide communications, not solely those having a United
States terminal. The number is simply too
vast to be handled
with any reasonable amount of personnel and equipment. Moreover
the cost and effort of such interception would be disproportion
ate to the intelligence value of the results.
12..
Instead -- as NSA's foreign intelligence targets
presumably know well'-- NSA must focus its interception activi-
ties on those particular communications lines, channels, links
or systems which yield the highest proportion of useful foreign
intelligence information.
What foreign government officials do
not know, however, is which of the vast number of radio communi-
cations NSA attempts to intercept, which are intercepted, and,
of those that are intercepted, which yield
to NSA processing
methods and techniques. It is the protection of this critical
'information that is at the heart of the instant case.
13. The continued efficacy of NSA's vital intelligence
activities requires that the lines, channels, links and systens
actually monitored remain unidentified. If a foreign government
obtains sufficient reason to suspect that NSA is able to
intercept and process that government's radio communications;
that government would be expected to take immediate steps to
defeat that capability. This can be accomplished in a number
of ways. A foreign government might shift to communications
X

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1885, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
links the U.S. cannot intercept. It may also choose to use
alternate methods of communications. The foreign governments
may possess the technical capability to either upgrade or
initiate cryptography to secure its communications. Finally, a
communication channel believed to be targeted by NSA can
be used by a foreign government to pass misleading information.
14. If a foreign power is successful in defeating an
intérception operation, all of the intelligence from that
source is lost unless and until NSA can establish a new
and
equivalent intercept.
The risk involved is great. The infor-
mation produced by NSA includes political, economic, scientific
and military data which is of immeasurable value to the President;
the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State and other
policymakers. Obviously, if a COMINI source used by the Agency
becomes unavailable, policymakers must operate without the •
information that source produced.
Sometimes it is impossible
to establish a new and equivalent intercept and the source is
lost permanently. Those losses are not only extremely harmful
to the national security but also impose a heavy burden on the
limited resources of NSA which must attempt to recover the old
source or establish an equivalent source of information.
15. Even after targeting only a small proportion of
all available electromagnetic communications for interception,
the number of messages intercepted is extremely large. NSA
thus is faced with a considerable task in selecting out those
messages that will be reviewed for possible intelligence.
interest. The manner
in which NSA does this selection and the
degree of reliability and success its methods enjoy are subjects
about which virtually no authoritative information has ever
been released to the public. Information about these subjects
would enable foreign observers to further assess, and thus take
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1864, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
steps to defeat, the capabilities of NSA's intelligence gathering
techniques.
RELEASE OF COMINT REPORTS
16.
The COMINT reports being withheld from the plaintiff
are all based on intercepted foreign communications. The •
disclosure of these records would identify the communications
that had been
successfully intercepted and processed for intelli-
gence purposes. No meaningful portion of any of the records
could be segregated and released without/identifyins the
communications underlying the communications intelligence
report
Also disclosed would be the communications lines,
channels, links, and systems targeted and intercepted and NSA's .
capabilities to successfully process the underlying communica-
tions. These communications targets and the processing techniques!
are current intelligence sources and methods... Disclosing
them would permit foreign intelligence officials to draw
inferences and make assessments about this nation's COMINT
collection and processing activities that would enable them to
take counter-measures, as described above, to defeat the
capabilities of NSA's intelligence gathering techniques.
17. The COMINT Ieports being withheld from the plaintiff
are classified in their entirety to protect intelligence
sources and methods. When originated, certain of the records
were properly classified Top Secret pursuant to Executive Order
10501, Section 1(a), providing for the application of that
classification to information, the unauthorized disclosure of
which could resuit in exceptionally grave damage to the nation,
such as the "compromise of ... intelligence operations ...
vital to the national defense." Other documents were properly
classified Secret pursuant to Executive Order 10501, Section
1(b), providing for the application of that classification to
information, the unauthorized disclosure of which could result in
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1955, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
serious damage to the nation, such as by "compromising...
information revealing important intelligence operations." The
rest, which were originated after June 1, 1972, were properly
classified Top Secret pursuant to Executive Order 11652, Section
1(A), providing for the application of that classification to
information, the disclosure of which could result in exceptionally
grave damage to the national security, such as "the compromise
of complex cryptologic and communications intelligence systems,
or were properly classified Secret under Executive Order
11652, Section 1(B), providing for the application of that
classification to information, the unauthorized disclosure of
oe..
which could result in serious damage to the national security,
such as the revelation of significant intelligence operations.
..;
Each COMINT record was appropriately marked when it was origi-
- ='
nated. Each COMINT record and each portion thereof remains
properly so classified. These COMINT ¡ecords meet the criteria
for classification in Section 1-3 of Executive Order 12065, and
they are properly classified within the categories provided "*..
in Section I-1 of the Order. I have reviewed all of the COMINT
records being withheld from the plaintiff for possible declassi-
fication or downgrading according to the provisions of Sections
3-1 and 3-3 of Executive Order 12065 and I find each portion of
each record remains properly classified and therefore exclúded
from declassification or downgrading. In conducting this
review, I weighed the significant need for openness in government
:: Airy
against the likelihood of damage to our national security
at
this time and determined that the records should continue
be
classified because
of the damage their unauthorized disclosure
would reasonably be expected to cause to communications intell!-
gence activities of the United States Government. Because
they
are properly classified under Executive Order 12065, the

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1926, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
records are exempt from disclosure pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5552(b)(1).
18. Release of the COMINI iecords being withheld from
the plaintiff or any portion of any of them would disclose
information about the nature of NSA's activities including
its functions and thereby jeopardize the intelligence collection
mission of the Agency. (See paragraphs 11 through 15 above.)
This mission of the NSA is singular and unique. Public disclo-
suré of specific information about the records in the context
of that singular mission would reveal certain functions and
activities of the NSA which are protected from disclosure by
Section 6 of Public Law 86-36, 50 U.S.C. § 402 (note). Moreover,
the disclosure of these classified records or of specific infor-
...
mation about them would
reveal information protected by 18 U.S.C.
§ 798 prohibiting the unauthorized disclosure of classified
information concerning the communications
-
intelligence activities
of the
United States. The disclosure. of these
records or any por-
tion of them would also compromise classified information per-
taining to intelligence sources and methods protected from
disclosure by Section 103(d) (3) of the National Security Act of
1947 (50 U.S.C. S 403(d) (3)). Accordingly, it was determined
that the COMINT records are exempt from release under 5 U.S.C. S
552(b)(3) of the Freedom of Information Act because each portion
of each record is protected from disclosure by Section 6 of the
Public Law 86-36, 18 U.S.C. S 798, and by Section 103(d) (3) Of
the National Security Act of 1947.
19. It should
be
noted that the classification of these
COMINT records and the withholding of them pursuant to FOIA
exemptions (b) (1)
and (b) (3) are not based only on the substan-
tive content of
the documents but also on the characteristics of
the reports that identify the intelligence sources and methods
that would be seriously jeopardized by the disclosure plaintiff
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1857, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
-
seeks. That is, all of the COMINT reports at issue here (with
one exception) are based on messages which were intercepted from
government net communications systems. (See paragraph 10, above.)
Moreover, almost all of these messages were enciphered when
originally transmitted. Thus, release of any portion of the
substantive message would not only risk identifying the ability
Of NSA to intercept a particular line of communications but
would also risk revealing the capability of NSA to read a
foreign government's enciphered messages. Similar harm would
result from the disclosure of any material that might help to
identify the communications intercepted by NSA, such as infor-
mation about date, time, origin or manner of transmission or
receipt. Also, the revelation of the substantive content of
the reports would allow foreign officials to determine which
channals or types of communications are being monitored. '
The
public disclosure of either the content of the reports or of any
identifying characteristics would have the same adverse conse-
quences on the communications intelligence activities of the
United States. All such information relates to classified
communications intelligence functions of NSA that have not been
publicly disclosed by the Agency in any other context.
RELEASE OF NON-COMINI RECORDS
20. Three of the four non-COMINT records at issue here
were released in large part, with certain deletions. One of
these records was withheld in its entirety. These documents are:
a. A document entitled UFO Hypothesis and Survival
Questions which was prepared by an Agency employee. The
entire report has been released except for the name and or-
ganization of the preparer of the document. This is rot a
COMINT report and contains no reference to SIGINT activities.
It is a draft of a monograph that was located in an Agency
11
-

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1867, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i!
-
file where it had been retained for historical reference
purposes. The deletion was made pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552(b) (3)
which provides that the FOIA does not apply to matters that
are specifically exempted from disclosure by statute. The
applicable statute in this instance is Section 6 of Public Law
86-36 which specifically exempts from disclosure the names and
titles of NSA employees.
b. The second non-COMINT document is a memorandum
which discusses the UFO phenomena as the author believes they
may relate to the intelligence community. This document was
released with deletions of the descriptive references to the
COMINI operations of the Agency. The deletions contain informa-
tion which I have determined
to be currențly and properly
classified and, thus, exempt from disclosure under 5 U.S.C.
$ 552(b)(1).. Portions of the material deleted also concern
information with respect to the organization and operationai
activities and functions of NSA which are exempt fron disclosure
pursuant to 5 u.S.C.§ 552(b) (3) which provides that the FOIA
does not apply to matters that are specifically exempted from
disclosure by another statute. Section 6 of Public Law 86-36
provides that no law shall be construed to require disclosure
of the organization or any function of the NSA or any information
with respect to the activities thereof. Moreover disclosure of
this information would reveal information protected by 18
U.S.C. 5798 which prohibits the unauthorized disclosure of
classified information concerning COMINT activities and by the
National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 5403(d)(3)) which
prohibits the disclosure of information pertaining to intelli-
gence sources and methods. A portion of this document was
deleted pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5552(b) (5) because it represents
this employee's expression of opinion on how the topic relates
12
--.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1589, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to the mission of the Agency. This deletion is non-factual and
does not lepresent finalized Agency policy. : It includes the
kind of analysis, frank comment and recommendations, which an
agency must encourage and protect from public disclosure to avoid
a chilling effect upon free and candid internal discussions in
support of optimum decision making within the Agency. Finally,
a portion of this record in addition to being exempt from dis-
closure under 5 U.S.C. 5552(b) (1) and (b) (3) is being withheld
for the reason that it is not within the scope of plaintiff's
reguest.
c. The third non-COMINT document is a memorandum for
the record by an NSA assignee that was originally withheld in
its entirety pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552(b) (5) and (b)(6). ' In
my review today I have ascertained, however, that this memorandum
is neither in whole nor in part responsive to the plaintiff's
reguest. m
It does not deal with UFOs or the UFO phenomena.
Rather, it is a document voluntarily prepared by the assignee
to report an incident that occurred during his attendance at a
UFO symposium. It is the assignee's personal account of his
activities and does not include reference to any UFO sighting or
phènomena.
d. The final non-COMINT record is a report which
was addressed in paragraph 8, above. The portion of the record
-
responsive to this FOIA request has been released to plaintiff's
attorney, (See Exhibit 8, attached hereto). The remaining
portions of the record contain no reference relating to UfOs or
uro phenomena and are, therefore, not responsive to plaintiff's
request.
13
:
:
:

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 332, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21. Further information about the records or portions
thereof being withheld is contained in the in camera affidavit
executed by me.
Eugene. Lente
EUBENE
E• YEATES
chief office of Policy
NSA
subscribed and sworn to before
me this_30táday of
September 1980.
Terald of. Everett
NOTARY PUBLIC
My conmission expires on July. ', 1982
14
