{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:31:51Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 7, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 315497, "source_file": "NSA-UFO-FOIA/pdfs/ufo-hypothesis-and-survival-questions.pdf", "source_sha256": "2edfbc026fefc29289b94dc73b869a4c38788658a53f8ed43fe7b84eea42d52f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1655, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
1968
DRAFI
U FO IMPOTHESIS AND SUEVIVAL QUESTIONS .
It is the purpose of this monograph to consider briefly some of the
human survival implications suggested by the various princigal hypothesis
concerning the nature of the phenomena loosely categorized as U I O. (1).
1. ALL UFO'S AEB HOAXES: From the time when hoaxes here first
noted in history, they were characterized by infrequency of accurrence
and usually by a considerable restriction of their geographical extent..
Parely have men of science, while acting within their professional
capacities, perpetrated hoaxes: Ihe fact that UFO phenomenon have been
witnessed a1}, over the world from ancient times and by considerable
numbers of reputable scientists in recent times,
strongly that UtO's are not all hoaxes. ?) I anything, the nodem trend
is toward increased reports; from all sources. In one three month per-
iod in 1953 (June, July, and August)
wilose nature coula cot be determined
it force records show 33 sightings
(3). If UFO's; contrary to all
(1) All flying, sailing or maneuvering aerial objects whether glowing,
pulsating, or of a constant metalic hue, whose shape is somewhat circular
or cigarish.
(2) Astogy of a Frenomanon, Jacques Valles, Ferry Regnemy Co. Chicago,
1955.
= 9-17. (vailes bes degrees in Astronomy ard Faysies and is
currentiy consultant to MASA's HARS MAP STUDY.)
• United Siates hir Force Projects Grudge ana Eluebook Beports I-12
(1951-1953) Matienal Investigation Coznittee on Acrial Pieronena.
vashisgton Jure 1963. = 215.
2) 23lters fron Oster Snare, Sputail, (sordensea from tha aureras on
Ian] anù Sua) Vieshoslar Zaitsei, D 154-151.
DRAFT
SECRET
-

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1604, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
DRAFT
iIcatións and expectations, are indeed hoaxes - hoazes of a worla-.
wide dimension - beares of increasing frequency, then a himan nantal
aberration of alarming proportions would appear to ke developing. Such
a= aberration would seem to have serious implications for nations
equipped with nuclaar. toys - and should require immediate and careful
stüdy by scientists.
?. ALL UFO'S ARE HALLUCINAFIONS: People, of course, do hallucinate.
Although groups of people hallucinating is rare, it has been known to
happen. Machines have their oin forn of hallucination; the radar, in
particular, "sees" temperature inversions. ut a considerable nurber
of instances exist in which there are groups of people and a radar or
radars seeing the same thing at the sare tire; souetimes a person and a
guncenera confirm each otber's testimony 4). On occasion, physical
evidence of a circumstantial nature was reported to have been found to
support witnessed sightings (5). A continuing bign percentage of reports
of Unusual agrial objects are being reported by people in responsible
positions in science, fovernment, and industry. (5). The sun of such
evidence seens to argue strongly against all UFO's being hallucinations.
/ In spite of all the evidence to the contrari, if uFo's did turn ort to lou rut
be largely illusionary, the psychological implications for man would
(4) ibia., D 203, 192, 149, 146
(5) op. cit., Valles, D. 70,71, 74.
(°) Ine Report or Unidentified Flying Objects, Eivara J. Rappelt,
Doubledes, lew York
1350. P 242. (Fuppelt was Chiei of the Bluebook
Study at one time.)
..
DRAFT
(2)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1496, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
DRAFT
certainly bring into siror question his ability to distinguish reality
from fartesy. The negative efiect on man's ability to survive in an
increasirgly complex. world would be considerable - making it imperative
that suca a groing impairment of tie human capacity for rational judgment
be subjected to irmediate and thorcuze scientific study - so that the
iliness coulà be controlled before it reaches egiaenic proportions (7).
(For conments on mass hysteria and UFO's see source 3 below which con-
tains a statement by DI. Robert I. Hall, a social psychologist fornerly
vith the AT Personnel and Iraining Research Center and the Program
Direstoi, Sociology and Psychologi, lational Science Foundation.)
3. ALL UFO'S ARE NATURAL PHENOMENA: If this ipothesis is correct
the capability of air warning systens to correctly diagnose an attack
situation is open to serious question.
(→24)a. Many UTO's have been reported by trained military observers
to behave 1tte high speed, high performance, high altitude rochets or
aircraft. The agparent solidit; anů craft-like snape of the objects
lave often been subject to radar confizastion (9). If such objects can
appear to trained military men as rockets or air craft ard if suen objects
(7)
OD. cit., Ruppelt p 237 (Dutch Liner, Rome, Italy)
(8) Simposium on Unidentified Flyins Objects (Second Session).
July 29, 1958. Ir T (bouse Comittee on Science and Astronauties).
(9) Op. cit., Project Gruaze, po.192, 149, 145.
-
-
DRAFT
SECRET
(3)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1724, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DRAFT
SECRET
Da come over the Artic from tA 0rccti0r Of Bussia on too Unitsa
States; they could trigger. "false reports of missile attacks". (10)
1. lary responsible militar: officers nara deralored a mental
"'lina spot" to objects viicia appear to have the characteristies of
U7O's. (10; Such an attitude is an open inritation to the enemy to build
a replica of the phenomera in orier to penetrate the "hole" in his
aûvarsaries' defensas - Wes this the purpose of the lens shaped reentry
velicle tested by the U.S. Air Force in 1950 and recently featured in
the Washington, D.C. Evening Star, dated 24 September 1969, page A4?
c. Sometimes the prenomena appear to defy radar detection and
to cause massive electronagnetic interference.
Surely it is ver! inportant
to discover the nature of these objects or plasnas befcra am prospective
enemy can use their properties to build a device or system to circumvent
or jam our air and space detection systens - Any nation certainiy coula
ușe a system or device to penetrate eneny defenses. (11)
4. SONE UFO'S ARE SECRET EARTH PROJECIS: The atove referenced
V.S. Air Force reentry vehicle and an often publicizeá Cenadian "saucer"
Droject (9) leave little doubt as to the valialty of this hypothesis.
Isabel, eL tO should be cerefully senterizes to serrat-ost stal next
eney (o= "friendly") 2=0jecis. Othervise a nation faces the very strong
(10) Iling Paeromena, Sovietskaya Latriya, lo. 287, 10 Decenber 1967,
• 3, Col 1-3; by R. Vitolniral: (Diractor of the Station for the Radio
Coservation of the Ionosphera anu Artificial Earth Satellites).
(11) ibia., Project Grudge. -
VED's 29d the Colorado Protect, Engrelopedia Brittanico 300: Of ine Yeer
1953, ₽ 123.
DRAFT
SECRET
(.)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 1561, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
" SEGRET
possibility of being intintacted by a new sacres "coonsa; weapon.
DRAFT
1is 2p0203is
a. I "thej" discorer you, it is an ola but narily invalid
rule of thumb, "they" are your technological superiors. Fman history hes
shoir us time and again the tragic results of a confrontation between a
technologically superior civilization and a technologically inferior
people. Ine "inferior" is usually subject to physical conquest.
b. Often in the past, a teciologicall, superior people are
also possessors of a more virile or astressive culture. In a confron-
estien becreen tiro pronles of significantl; different cultural lerels,
-
those haris the inferior or less virile culture, nost often suffer a
tragic loss of identity ana are usually aoserbed by the other people.
Sone peoples vho were tecanologically ana/or culturally
inferio" to other rations have survived - have maintained their identity -
have equalized the differences between then and their adversaries. The
Japanese people have given us ai excellent examule of the methods required
to achieve such'e survival:
(1) full and honest acceptance of the nature of the in-
feriorities separating you from the advantages of the other peoples,
(2) complete national solidarity in all positions taien in
decling with the other culture,
(3) highly controlled and limited intercourse with the oter\
side - doing oniy those actions advantageous to the foreigner which you are
absolitely forced to do ty circastances,
(+)
a correct but friendly attitude tovard the other people,
ASTRONONCE
brazilales Salter

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1570, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..
SECRET
DRAFT
(5) A national eagernass to learn everything possible
shout the other culture - Its becinological and cultural strengths and
merimesses. This ofter involves sending selected groups and indiriduals
to the other's country to becone one of his kind, ol even to help him in
his wars against other adversaries.
(5) Adopting as many of the advantages of the opposing
peopie as you can, and coing it as last as possible - vnile still pro-
tecting your a identity by molding each new knorledse increzent into
your or cultural cast.
6. COLENT: Although this paper has hardly erhausted the possible.
hypotheses related to the UFO phenomena, those mentioned above are the
principal ones presently put fortara. All of them have serious survival
implications. The final ansver to this mystery will probauly include
nore than one of the above hypotheses.
Up wtil this time, the leisurely scientific approaci has too often
taten precedence in dealing vita UFO questions. If you are walking along
a forest patà and soneone yells, "rattler" your rcaction would be immediate
and derensive. You would not take time to speculate before you act. You
would bate to treat the alarn as it it were a real and inmediate threat to.
your sumiyal
Investigation would become an intensive emergency action
to isolate the threat and to determine it's precise nature - It would be
¿eared to developing adequate defensive measures in a minimum anourt of
Fine.
new?
It would seen a little zore of this survival attitude is called for
In dealing with the uro problege
SECRET
!!.)
• DRAFT
-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1204, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
DRAFT
Obserrations of alimpansess valle in = captiva envirorent hare.
szon that the arimals tend to becora comfused and disoriente).. Since
they do not usually have adult chings to teadl: them ho to ta poci anas,
ches are not eren sure of their behavior. Often their actions are patterned
after auman belovior anü would have virtually 10 surriral value in the
wild. Iacking the challenge of enritoriental acaptation, the bodies of the
anisels atropiy and become subject to ar; diseases - mostly wienova in
tal= wild counterparts. Reactions to stimulis usually becon: less re-
spersive anà suitable. Ser Often becones a rear-10n5 DIeoccupation
insteaù of a seasonal madness..
Do the captivity characteristics of modern civilization cause a
similar lessening of man's adaptive capability, of is bealta, of kis
ability to recognize reality, of his ability to survive!
Perhaps the UFO question might ever rate ran undertale studies nich
could erable him to construct a society vizich is most conducive to
developing a completely human being, healtzy in all aspests of nina and
bod: - anà nost impoltant ablo to recognize and acant to real environ-
mental situations.
1 51
× 2309
2143
DRAFT
SECRET
(7)
