{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:32:36Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 231219, "source_file": "NSA-UFO-FOIA/pdfs/what-the-u-s-government-knows-about-unidentified-flying-objects.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb156e41cb9ce5b00426437e89401a96d23dce40d4c1902d170257f3b6b7f22f"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3998, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Blast St'SE.
silash De 29003
"tonters of fciance" may/qune 1981.
What the U.S. Government Knows
saAbout Unidentified Flying Objects
by PETER GERSTEN
A
t last! New evidence for the
existence of unconventional
aerial objects relies no longer on the
credibility of civilian reports but on
the records of scientists, military per-
sonnel, intelligence analysts, law en-
forcement officers and other reliable
responsible people.
Their
testimony can be found in three
thousand pages
of
previously
classified documents on UFOs re-
leased (mostly through Freedom of In.
formation Act suits) over the past few
years by the Departments of State/
Army/Navy/Air Force/Defense,
the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
National
Security
Agency,
Detense Intelligence Agency and the
Central Intelligence Agency.
This overwhelming evidence in.
dicates that Unidentified Flying Ob-
jects do exist, and that some of them
are unconventional craft that (1) pose a
threat to national security and (2) per-
form beyond the range of present-day
technological development.
Furthermore, there is evidence that
OUI
government has continually
misinformed the public concerning
the true significance of the "UFO prob-
lem."
National Security and UFOs
• "It is my view that this situation
has possible implications for our
national security."
- Central Intelligence Agency, 1952
In late 1952, a memorandum was
drafted for CIA Director Walter B.
Smith's signature, to be sent to the Ex-
ecutive: Secretary of the National
Security Council. The memo's subject:
"Unidentified Flying Objects." The
document shows that the CIA had
"reviewed the current situation con-
cerning unidentified flying objects
which have caused extensive specula-
tion in the press and has been the sub-
ject of
concern to government
organizations."
It was the Director's opinion, based
U.S. AIR FORCE
USAF Security intercepted a Cuban pilot's report of the encounter
between his MIG-21 and a UFO.
has possible implications for our na-
reveal
that
during
October,
tional security which transcend the in-
November, and December of 1975,
terests of a single service.
reliable military personnel repeatedly
"I therefore recommend that this
sighted unconventional aerial objects
Agency and the agencies of the
in the vicinity of nuclear-weapons
Department of Defense be directed to
storage areas, aircraft alert areas and
formulate and carry out a program of
nuclear-missile control facilities at
intelligence and research activities re-
Loring Air Force Base, Maine; Wurt-
quired to solve the problem of instant
smith AFB Michigan; Maistrom AFB,
positive identification of unidentified
Montana; Minot AFB, North Dakota;
flying objects."
and Canadian Air forces Station, On-
A draft of a proposed National
tario. ' Many of the sightings were con-
Security Council directive was at-
firmed by radar. At Loring AFB, the in-
tached to the memorandum.
terloper "demonstrated a clear intent
Unfortunately, it appears that the
on the weapons storage areas."
NSC directive fell by the wayside.
The incidents drew the attention of
Now, twenty-nine years later, the
the CIA, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and
"current situation," contrary to official
the Secretary of Defense. Though the
denials, still poses serious implica-
Air Force informed the public and the
tions for our national security.
press that individual sightings were
UFOs as a Threat
isolated incidents, an Air Force docu-
ment says that "Security Option III"
The Government's position:
was implemented and that security
"No UFO reported, investigated
measures were coordinated with 15
andevaluated by the Air Force has
ever given any indication of a
threat to our national security."
- Air Force, 1980
The evidence:
New York attorney PETER A. GERSTEN has been
pressing the legal effort on behalf of UFO groups-
suchas CAUS (Citizens Against UFO Secrecy/-for
nearly three years. Gersten currently awaits a U.S.
Appeals Court decision on release of over two hun-
dred additional CIA documents relating
10

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 865, "chars": 5825, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
connection with the United ates
mand bases and other militar
I meetings with Dr. Edward Condo
UFO program will be mainta.
1 in
stallations. One censored message of
and members of the Colorado Projer
ASD" (plus, he added, a file of "finished
April 3, 1976, reiers to "Subject: New stail.
intelligence reports").
DCD Case
¡censored]-UFO Re-
Glaringly absent from the release
Coinciding with the November 1957
search. Reference: Form 610 dated 9
documents are the photo analyses, it
cluding one case provided to a scier
Where are the startling 1952
tific firm by the present writer the
found its way to the CLA, and the hur
cases the led the CIA to the brink
dreds and hundreds of intelligenc
reports on individual UFO cases tha
of a major scientific study?
must have been collected-and i
some cases are known to have bee
collected. Also absent are the dozen
UFO wave, 'On 6 November 1957 a
April 1976 transmitting UFO Study."
of radar-visual cases which must hav
directed collection request for UFO
Date discrepancy notwithstanding.
been studied by the Physics and Elec
information was levied on Contact
the memos go on to discuss "the UFO
tronics Division,
as well as othe
Division by the Office of Scientific In-
study." One, while stating that there
materials that made up the case file
telligence... Responses to the require.
was at the time no formal UFO pro-
repeatediy alluded to in thes:
ment were forwarded to Collection
gram, read: "At the present time, there
documents. Where are the startling
Staff, OSI on 14 November 1957."
are offices and personrel within the
1952 cases that led the CIA to the brin!
(April 1, 1958 memo for Assistant
Agency who are monitoring the UFO
of a major scientific study of UFOs?
Director, Scientific Intelligence, from
phenomena... not currently on an of-
The 892 pages contain larg
Acting Assistant Director fos Opera-
ficial basis. Dr. (censored] feels that
amounts of trivial correspondence, ad
tions)
the best approach would be to keep in
ministrative papers, duplication anc
Also, coinciding with a flurry of
touch with and in fact develop report.
irrelevant (non-UFO) documents. Ob
sightings around the Washington;
ing channels in this area to keep the
viously, they do not contain the CIf
D.C. area in late 1964 and early 1965,
Agency/community informed of any
UFO case files, other than a randon
another
"collection request"
was
new developments."
sprinkling of mostly known cases. On
ordered by the Director of CIA. The
Memos ranging from 1958 to 1967
ly the FOLA law'suits have been able to
present writer was among those inter-
mention analyses of UFO photos by
pry loose a few highly significan
viewed by the Domestic Contact Divi.
the CIA National Photographic Inter-
cases, such as the 1976 Iranian jet case.
sion. The agent borrowed a number of
pretation Center under Arthur C. Lun-.
— There can be no doubt that the CIA is
specific
UFO case investigation
reports.
dani, partially confirming information
from private sources. Indeed, Lundah;: «stonewalling. If this is all the case files
developed in more than thirty years, I
A series of memos from
• April
was involved in arranging a "window"
would have to conclude that the CIA is
. through late summer of 1976 shows
on the Colorado Project and in secret
totally inept. And, of course, itisn't. D
renewed interest in UFO data, prob-
ably as a result of the 1975 and 1976
UFO sightings at Strategic Air Com-
In a Just CAUSe
Over the past third of a century, the
government's conduct with regard to
UFOs bas been
characterized as
misfeasance,
and
malfeasance. Citizens Against UFO
Secrecy, a public-interest group, was
formed to foster a review of the reality
and significance of UFOs and the govern.
ments policies and practices regarding
them.
CAUS calls upon the Federal govern.
ment to (1) admit that the public has been
misled about the nature of UFOs. (2)
acknowledge that UFOs exist, and (3)
reverse its position that further scientific
study of UFO reports is unwarranted.
CAUS seeks the immediate declassifica-
tion and public dissemination of all of-
ficial UFO documentation.
CAUS believes that the public has a
right to an objective reappraisal of the im.
plications of the UFO phenomenon.
For more information, m'rite to CAUS,
P.O. Box 4743F. Arlingion, Virginia
22204.
FOOTNOTES
1. NORAD Classified Message; to
• Memorandum for Record; for the
Secretary of Air Force, et al; from
Joint Staff; from L.J. LeBlanc, JI.,
NORAD Director of Operations;
Brigadier General, USMC & Depu-
subject: Suspicious Unknown Air
ty Director for Operations, NMCC:
Activity; November 11, 1975. (Still
subject: Reports of Unidentified
classified CONFIDENTIAL; leaked
Flying Objects (UFOs); July 30,
to UFO research group in late
1976.)
4. "Rees Letter": AFOSI (Air Force Of.
2. Air Force Security Police (AFSP)
fice of Special Investigations), 17th
message to 15 Air Force Bases,
District, Kirtland AFB, New Mex-
November 10, 1975.
ico; letter to director of AFOSI; May
3. This and the previous statements
/ 25, 1950.
in the following
S. "Cuban Incident": Air Force Securi-
documents:
ty Service 6947th Squadron techni-
• Memorandum for Record; for the
cian's statement to Stanton T. Fried-
Joint Staff; signed by J.B. Morin,
man: October 27, 1977.
Rear Admiral, USN
& Deputy
6. Memorandum for Director of Cen-
Director for Operations, NMCC:
tral Intelligence; subject: Flying
January 21, 1976.
Saucers; by E. Marshall Chadwell,
• Memorandum for Record; for the
Assistant Director, Scientific In-
Joint Staff; from Fred A. Treyz,
telligence; September 24, 1952.
Brigadier General, USAF & Deputy
7: Memo; to E. James Archer and
Director for Operations, NMCC:
* Thurston E. Hanning; from Robert
subject: Unidentified Flying Object
J. Low; subject: "Some Thoughts on
Sighting: January 31, 1976.
the UFO Project": August 9, 1966.
