{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-12 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514986","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43196","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/986/mufon-5514986.json","updb_database_id":5514986}
{CAK} One object rectangle with two flat rectangle lights that appeared to take up the the bottom surface of the object

Where- in my living room with large sliding glass doors that go from our floor to 10ft high ceiling . We live on the top floor of 4 story condo and windows face the northeast. We live in the direct path of planes leaving from ohare airport. So we see planes and the flight direction they follow in and out of the city. 
What made me notice this object was the directinon of flight being from directly overhead to northeast. Its brightness and fact that it was two rectangle flat lights with definite dark line between the two shot ends that made the object large and in an overall long rectangle shape. 
At first I thought it was a plane or helicopter 
As it was overhead and heading northeast and with other planes in the sky and I could clearly see it was not a plane( shape described , brightness of the two large flat lights, no blinking lights like on all other planes/helicopters that I see everyday from my living room.) I grabbed my binoculars that I keep by my stereo in the living room(for bird watching). Walked out my sliding glass doors onto my deck. And watched the object for 30 seconds more or less. The object moved very slowly across the sky directly away from me. Based on the two bright flat lights on the bottom of craft it appeared as if the item was clearly shaped like a carton of cigarettes with the lights on the bottom. I followed it across the sky all the while through the binoculars. The item seemed to reach about 30degrees from northeast horizon. Then it seemed to turn a dull red and just disappeared. You have to understand it was an extremely clear night and actually took out my telescope that night as these clear nights in Chicago are extremely rare. 
This was not a plane. I knew what I was seeing and it was amazing yet unbelievable. It was beautiful yet disturbing. I just wonder if passengers in the planes the were in the sky at that time could have seen it. But because it appeared to be at a slightly higher altitude that the planes they might not have . It was most likely 2-4 times the size of a normal plane. I was surprisingly calm throughout the whole experience. 

Wow and thank you for allowing me an outlet to describe this encounter.
