{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-01 21:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502986","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55990","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/986/mufon-5502986.json","updb_database_id":5502986}
{nd} Blinking bright yellow light only like a star, blinked twice only, heading north high above in night sky

I had gone outside to my backyard to sit in a lawn chair on a cool evening at 9:30 p.m. I like to sit sometimes at night in a chair on cool evenings as such as on the night of May 1, 2014 at 9;30 p.m. I frequently sit outside at night, not only to enjoy the cool evening, but to look for satellites in the clear night sky. Sometimes I see them, as they travel seemingly as tiny lit dots in the sky traveling at 17,000 plus miles per hour. After I sat down in my lawn chair on May 1, 2014 I found a satellite traveling high above from north to south straight above me. I watched the satellite traveling south for about a minute and a half to two minutes, then it disappeared. I figured since it was so high above it had to have gone behind some clouds at such a high altitude. I then continued looking for more other satellites nearby in the same general area in the sky only to see a bright yellow glowing illuminating object suddenly appear before my eyes, I could not begin to rationalize it. I thought; could it be a burning out star, exploding star, or could I be witnessing a flickering star or UFO object for some reason. At first there was nothing, then out of nowhere it appeared for a few seconds then disappeared. Then it reappeared again a few seconds later, and stayed illuminated for a few more seconds and had gone off again the second time, and never reappeared again. It was moving north, while the satellite I had seen just a few minutes earlier was traveling from north to south. I immediately glanced at my watch and it said 9:34 p.m.(Central Time). I hoped someone else had seen it and reported it to the local news channel, and I hoped to see it on some local news channel, without avail. I never believed in UFO's and I thought all people who did "were nuts" and belonged in mental institutions, but what I saw made me wonder and made a believer out of me by seeing something in the night sky without a rational explanation. I had seen what I had seen; and will take it before God in Heaven. I was the only witness to this as far as I know although I had immediately told my family members.
