{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509986","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/986/mufon-5509986.json","updb_database_id":5509986}
Shwezigon Pagoda UFO

My girlfriend and I took a trip to Burma to visit family and tour the countryside.

We flew into Yangon on June 14th, 2013. The following morning of June 15th, we drove to Bagan, Myanmar. On the night of June 15th, 2013, we arranged for an English speaking tour guide to take us around Bagan. The tour-guide was a local archaeologist for the Myanmar department of archaeology.

We met the tour-guide and driver at approximately 9:00am at the Sky Palace resort in Bagan. The first temple we visited was the Shwezigon Pagoda. The tour guide showed us around the temple, and I took some photographs of it.

Upon arriving home, in Malaysia, we noticed something strange in one of the photographs of the pagoda. Initially I believed it to be a lens flare, but after some research and viewing of other photographs I believe this is real. I am not sure what it is, but I do not believe it is a lens flare. I always take my photos in burst mode and I shoot with a high quality canon DSLR (60d). The photos were taken free-hand in succession to one another. Sometimes adjust aperture or ISO to get better lighting. I have noticed a glowing white red and green object/orb in one of the high-resolution photos. I have attached photos for you to analyze. They are NOT edited in any way, shape or form. I believe the object to be some form of UFO, and it is genuine in nature. Some reading online has shown me that UFOS are not uncommon in the area of Bagan.

The UFO was not noticed during the tour as the sun was quite bright during the walk around the temple. Everyone was focused on the temple or surrounding statues. We were also wearing sun-hats and glasses in an attempt to block the sun/sky.

My personal digital enhancement of the object shows a disc or tube shaped object emitting a white glow with red and green lights at the edges. There are birds in the photograph, and based on the relative distance of the birds I believe the object is quite distant.I believe the bird in the photograph is an Asian crow, but I am not 100% sure. In the first photo, the object can also be seen on the upper right side of the photo, outwards and up from the pagoda steeple. It must have moved across the sky.

I have attached three photos. 4593 is for reference, 4594 contains the ufo on the top right area, 4595 contains the ufo on the left of the pagota. The last two photos were taken roughly 2 or 3 seconds apart, enough time to change the aperture slightly.
