{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489986","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/986/mufon-5489986.json","updb_database_id":5489986}
{rjl} Glowing light that changed direction several times, remained constant and was silent.

I was standing along side of my home, in my driveway on the evening of July 4, 2015 with my camera hoping to film fireworks air bursts. The sun had set but was not fully dark yet. I was looking east in the direction of Lake Michigan. The wind was slight and from the west.  As I looked east I saw a steady glow in the sky which I can only describe as a steady and constant glow similar to a glow that would be seen from a flashlight held above your head and pointing upward in a haze or fog with the lower edge of the glow having a distinct hard edge with no light beneath it. The glow above that hard edge was constant, and the glow above that edge did not extend far above that hard edge- maybe as high above the object as it was wide but spanned the full 180 degrees above that hard edge on the bottom of the glow. The object moved from the east toward my location west but never came as far west as my location so was never over head at any time. At about a 75 degree angle the object softly but distinctly changed direction and turned to the north and continued in that direction. The object then started to slide back to the east a couple of degrees but continued moving north bound. The luminosity of the light did not change as would the headlight of a car or airplane landing lights, which I routinely see as I am in a landing path for O'Hare International Airport and maintained the same glow despite the direction changes the object made. Essentially the light maintained the same glow it had moving toward me as it did moving away. It appeared to be a single glow as there was only one point of light. The object continue North-northeast and seemed to gain speed as it moved away out of view to the north. The color of the glow had a slight orange hue to it but was generally white in color. My first thought was that it was a bit strange in that it moved against the breeze, maintained a consistent glow and was absolutely silent. There were a lot of fireworks going on but in between the booms, the object gave no sound which I also found very strange, all of which prompted me to point the camera in that direction.
