{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-07-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494986","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/986/mufon-5494986.json","updb_database_id":5494986}
{nd} Fireball like orb that appeared behind a bridge abutment, raised up and over was stationary then moved a bit to the east and disintegrated

I was 21 years old at the time and was staying with my mom and dad in Coloma, WI that weekend and was going to work in Port Edwards heading north on HWY 51 (now Interstate 39). It was the 4th of July and was working 3rd shift that week so it was dusk (about 9:00PM?!?), likely 1988 but could possibly be 1987. If its important I could find out the specific year.

As I was heading North on 51, 1 mile I saw what looked like a glowing red/orange orb behind a bridge abutment that crossed the HWY(believe it was the first bridge that crossed the highway north of Coloma); it looked like a setting sun and shimmed and glowed. Thinking it was a reflection of some type, I moved head back and forth and lowered and raised my head/shoulders trying to determine if it was in fact a reflection or ?!?!?. However it did not move and was stationary on the far side of the bridge.

I still did not know what it was. I was young and didn't know that UFO's came in a form different than a classic flying saucer... I was confused and didn't know what I was looking at. I didn't watch for more than 4-5 seconds when it began to rise above the bridge and moved from the back side of the bridge to the front where I could see that it was an entire round orb, and could better make out that it was like a fireball, shimmering and glowing you could see what looked like heat waves coming off on it. It was not on the ground but was taller than the bridge in total... maybe 8-10 feet off the ground and 15-20 feet above the top of the bridge. Still could not believe what I was seeing so I moved my whole body in large motions as far to the passenger seat as I could... up and down. I was confused and it didn't make sense. Its hard to remember what happened next as I was still wondering what it could possibly be when it just seemed to disintegrate... it just seemed to disappear in a short period. Not "on and off" abruptly but a quick fad/disintegration.

I was not exactly scared but felt very uneasy and didn't want to keep driving in that direction but had to get to work so kept driving. I didn't see anything strange when I got to the bridge but I didn't really look much either and sped by as quickly as my little car could take me. I don't remember other cars coming in the opposite direction or much of anything else until my next turnoff maybe. It really bothered me and felt shaken trying to think what it could possibly be. It was the forth of July and did see small fireworks in the sky afterwords maybe a few miles past the bridge... before my turnoff at Hancock. What I saw could not be a firework. 

I was pretty far away from the bridge when I observed it yet the object was still very noticeable and large. The bridge appeared very small to give you an idea of how far I was away yet I could very easily see the object. Also, despite being dusk, the object was not really bright... not translucent, solid but not bright... more shimming and why I guessed that it was a reflection at first.

Didn't tell anyone at work that night or even at home the next morning. I still had a hard time explaining what I saw and was very unsure of myself. It wasn't until very many years later when I learned that a UFO/ET craft could be some thing other than a metallic disk.

Its been many years and not meaningful in anyway but wanted to finally tell this story.
