{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-04-01 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5490523.json","updb_database_id":5490523}
{nd} Brilliant circular light approx. 300-500 ft dia. Moving silently from a 9-3 o'clock pos for 4-6 seconds

in the early 1980's I was employed at Arnold engineering and development center as a security policeman. This US government testing center is located just outside of TULLAHOMA, Tn.. And is located adjacent to a wildlife preserve so at 1+ am in the morning it's pretty dark. The highway is approx. 12 miles in length and is for the most part lined on both sides by towering pine trees which lends it's self to what I describe as providing a shotgun view from the drivers seat. There are numerous dips but fairly few curves in this highway and a few side roads. As I remember there are three personnel gates to the center all on the left. One of the main side roads sort of tees into the access highway from the right that is road that employees from Winchester, Tn. use. When approaching this road the highway makes a fairly sharp left curve and opens up to where it is about 200 feet open areas on both sides of the highway. So that area opens up to where ones sight lines are vastly improved for several hundred yards.
  Anyway,....on this night I was on my way into work at about 1:15 in the am, after having pasted gate 2 and a small construction gate the highway makes a small gradual dip then rises into the few hundred yards to the Winchester access road. Just at the lowest part of the dip the night, which was almost pitch black, the night instantly lit up like a cloud less mid summer day. I saw a huge brilliant circular orb of light approx 100 ft above the pine tree tops just passed the far side of the left curve and just beyond the Winchester access road. It was so bright I could not see into this orb. I could not see what was emanating the light. It projected solid shadows, was totally silent and moved from a position on my left toward my right a cross the Winchester road kind of like a hot air balloon might in a stiff breeze. The orb moved through my sight line in approx. 3.5-6 seconds. At the time I jumped on my accelerator to get to the tee in the road and look toward Winchester. It took maybe another 6-10 seconds to do that and when I looked,...it was no longer there, pitch dark again. I had several co workers that had their own experiences at the center. I got into work a short time later and told my supervisor what I had experienced and he said, 'do you what to make a report' I said no because I had no proof. If one takes the time you can find these roads and highways on google earth or any map app. 
I want to thank [Item Moved/CMS/nd] for encouraging me to follow thru and submit this report,....thanks [Item Moved/CMS/nd] ,....
If interested I can provide maps, sketches or a verbal interview,....and that to Mufon for all you folks do.
