{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-10-28 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":17366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5511523.json","updb_database_id":5511523}
(GS) On 10-28-78 I experienced a UFO encounter. Rectangular in shape, flat black in

In writing this letter, my main purpose is to have a written record of my own personal or particular UFO encounter made finally known to the public or to those atleast interested enough to read it. The belief in UFOs visiting our world is a "Reality" and for those who believe UFO phenomena does actually occur, I would like to say that your beliefs on this
particular topic are not misplaced intuitions in the least! This incident happened to me over 30 years ago, but still do remember crystal clear as if it just happened yesterday.

At the time of the incident, October28, 1978, I was a 13 year old boy living in xxxx xxxx,New Jersey, basically a small town with-in Middlesx County, N.J. and in close proximity to Exit #9 of The N.J.Turnpike, which has its own U.F.O Sigthing Story to tell regardless of my own personal experience or encounter so to say...

My house was located on a fairly long street, but was situated only 3 houses away from a dead end street. However, this dead end sreet was also the start of a large park by the name of "xxxxxx xxxxxx Park". Its an 8 acre park named in honor of a man who died in either WWI or WII. This public park was filled with slides, swings, a basket ball court and a baseball field, all of which was semi-encompassed by a large section of woods. The woods that started at the very beginning of my dead-end street, was quite thick with trees. Basically you had a choice to make upon entering the park. Venture off to the left and follow down a path bout about 30 yards before reaching the park or go right for about 20 yards to cut through a huge Russian Orthodox Cemetary. My house backed up to this old cemetary sitting high above it, over looking this flat plain and
emense low level burial field.

At the time of my UFO encounter on October 28, 1978, I was a 13 year old boy and my slightly younger brother xxxxxxx, had just turned 12 four days earlier. xxxxxxx was a big fan of the rock band "KISS" and he happened to be very excited on this particular "special" night because "Kiss", ( * who my parents disapproved of much!!!) was to have a free, one time only televised T.V. concert! My parents forbid us from watching it.. But of course we watched their T.V. Rock Concert Debut Broadcast that night down in the basement in secret, with the volume on super low on an old T.V. hoping we would not get caught while doing so!!! lol!!! As the T.V. concert came to an end, our next door nieghbor, xxxxx xxxxxxxxx, called my house with a favor to ask of my mother in regards to allowing xxxxxxx and I baby-sit her young son briefly, so she could just step out for a bit for some last minute groceries and baby needs. What a great excuse for me
and xxxxxxx to get out of the house after 10pm for a change... Once xxxxx returned home, my brother and I milked the babysitting excuse to stay out a little longer than my parents would have ever approved of and ventured off into the park to goof around there instead of returning home like we should have. Some where between 11-12pm, I was ready to call it quits for the night and started out of the park before my brother, who stalled and lagged behind for some distance.

I was standing at the very edge of the woods and the street when I noticed lights coming through
the trees, in search light fashion. At first I thought the police were in the woods trying to 
catch the older teens partying, which they would do from time to time. However, very quickly. 
I then realized that these searching flood lights were shining down from the tops of the trees. 
I thought "Cool!" must be a helicopter flying low and was fully expecting to hear the rumble
sound of the helicopter at any moment as it got closer. 

* What I witnessed next, I will never forget for the rest of my life. Appearing directly above
me was a UFO, literally skimming the treeline at a hieght of approximately 70 feet. This was
something I knew immediately on sight was not of this world! The rectangular front end of the
craft broke the tree line and came to a stop directly above me at the hard edge of the woods. 
The craft had been traveling very slowly up to its stopping point and was now hovering still.
I can remember the shock and mouth dropping awe of looking up at this large craft and being
scared. Not initially scared of the fact that this was unquestionably a UFO, but scared that 
this large craft was basically on top of me. I would say the the width was no more than 50-60
across, hieght at about 15-20 and overall length...guessing 30. The sky around it seem to be 
swallowed up with its presence tho. 
 
Very bright search lights, white in color, scanned the ground back and forth, as well as me
below. Yet as close as this UFO was to me, so on top of me as it was, it was hard to get an
overall great view of all of the technical details of the craft with its flood lights shinning
back and forth in a precise up tempo criss-cross pattern sporatically stopping dead in its tracks
basically shining right in my face, blinding me momentarily as it did. The lights would come
briefly together before fanning out again. When the lights would fan outwards, I could make out 
some definite details and see much better of what was hovering silently above me. The over all 
shape of the craft was very rectangular in design. Much like, on a very small scale of course 
in regards to its shape, picture a cigarette box.. With the longest side of the cigarette box
being its front and rear and the shorter ends of a cigarette box doing justice in representing
its right side as was presented me or the view afforded me while viewing the over-all dimensional
shape of this craft.

There was an impressive mix of white and blue lights fixed to the bottom center of the craft and 
along its right side for sure, that were on and off, blinking in a steady stobe-like fashion. The
search lights kind of had like a seperate life of their own, in their constant even paced, criss
-crossed or back and forth motion when compared to their strobe-like counter parts that were
blinking beneath the bottom of the craft. ( *Note: There may have been white and blue blinking 
lights that graced the bottom left side of the craft, just as it did the bottom right side of
the craft as it does seem that it would make sense symeterically after all, but I really couldnt
make them out as far as if they were there for sure.)

Getting back to speaking of its over all general shape in resembling the proportional dimensions
of a huge hovering cigarette box type shape. I do remember being in awe of its non-conformity of
being anything we tend to expect regarding our own "typical" aero-dynamic principles usually seen
or generally applied to the shapes of planes, rockets or space shuttles and what became perfectly
clear to a 13 yr. old boy on that night was... Aero-Dynamically speaking??? .. Aero-Dynamics and
for all we take for granted in our knowledge of it??? ..uhm, yeah, THEY FLY IN RECTANGULAR SHAPED
UFO/AIRCRAFT and make space travel at mach speeds in a square-shaped box utilizing the science of
propulsion we have yet to master or can even start to comprehend apprently!!! They have obviously 
tapped into a science or a law of physics not being applied by us or is still so unknown to us or
just yet undiscovered by us, but it is a certain reality that yes, as a matter of fact, it so does
exist I swear on my soul here and now! .. THEY ARE SO HAVING A BLAST USING IT HERE FOR SURE! lol! 

Anyway, the front end of the craft was flat faced and not very tall in its over-all stature. It 
appeared to be lined with rectangular shaped transparent back-lit white style windows. They really
did strike me as your every day typical looking office windows. I say this because of the way the
light was emanating from behind these square glass panes, after all they gave me the impression of
looking up at an office building at night or as if seeing lights left on in office rooms. There was
definately a perception of depth behind those squares, indicating to me these were indeed rooms.
From my view, I couldnt see on top of the craft or the left side so well. The craft color, over
all, was flat black or matte black, not shiney at all. Even tho I was standing beneath it, the
UFOs back end was still out of my view at this point, still obscured partially by the trees that
it was hovering silently over...

My brother had been about 30 yards away, still down in the woods. He said he heard me screaming
for him. On the run through the woods, he could see me up ahead standing in the street in a wash
of bright lights. He said I yelled, "xxxxxxx, Oh MY God! Get over here! Its a UFO!" He barely
made it to the edge of the woods, when without warning the craft took off. In doing this, I once
again witnessed another phenomena, not of this world and if it doesnt qualify as breaking the 
law of physics... I swear to God, it certainly does comes close!

The abrupt departure was one of the most fascinating experiences of my life and to explain it 
in writing? I definately will not do it any justice in explaining it to you at all, but I will
try my best. The craft left abruptly without any warning or sound. The air around me became 
stone silent as the craft suddenly shot forward at an absolutely incredible rate of speed. I
could only see a white/blue light craft lights from the tail end of the craft as it left. The 
craft seemed to shrink in size before my very eyes in like a second. Before leaving my view
completely the craft came to a stop tho for like a split second, made an unbelievably quick 
90 degree left turn and shot off in the new left hand direction as if riding on rails. The whole
departure was less than 2 seconds from start to finish and was the last I have ever seen of this
craft or anything quite like it... (*until to a lesser degree, just recently again in 2012!) 

Out of our minds with excitement, my brother and I went running and yelling home. My father was
not at home that night as he was working the 4-12 shift, but my mother, xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx, was 
and we pulled her from the house outside hoping she would catch a glimpse of this UFO. Maybe
it would come back again we hoped, as an adult witness was what 2 kids desperately needed as
credible or acceptable proof positive validation of this UFOs very real existence. With all
the commotion we caused, another neighbor, Mr.xxxxxxx xxxxxx, came out from inside his house and
helped us in our efforts searching the night sky to no avail of course. To my mothers credit
she always believed me in what I said I did see and assertions that this indeed was a UFO. I
was pretty much the quiet type kid, never really the overly exciteable type about much or like
the tall tale kid with "101 B.S. Stories!" and I guess my overly excited, animated behavior 
and look of utter dismay or shock was proof enough for her that I really did see something quite 
incredible and unique!

The next day, my brother went to talk to xxxxx xxxxxx Police Chief, xxxxxxx x. xxx, who just 
so happened to live right across the street from me to tell him what we saw the night before.
The UFO basically stopped right over this mans house and maybe he would like to know so. He
told xxxxxxx someone did phone in a UFO sighting to the Police Station that night and over
the next few weeks, xxxxxxx claims Police Chief xxx told him that in reality, over 30 such calls
had come in... Police Chief xxx was always a fun natured type guy and I really don't know if he
was being serious with my brother or pulling my brother xxxxxxxs leg a bit because of the easy
teasing a UFO Story will invite. However, it was during these approximate years that UFOs were
spotted over the N.J.Turnpike by not only motorists, but by N.J. State Police as well. In one 
such story, State Police and motorists pulled over to witness, I believe, 3 UFOs hovering for
quite awhile one night around summertime 1973. The N.J.Turnpike exit #9 is less 2 miles from my
house. Maybe there was some connection to these sightings and my own in the form of this being
some sort of UFO corridor, pathway or highway for "them" as well.   

I originally believed that I was an accidental witness to this sighting and that the sighting
was not done for my purposes. I felt that when "they" did spot me, it wasnt their intentions
to be seen by me and upon doing so, took off... As time has gone by though, I have had second
thoughts on this due to the the fact that "they" were using search lights scanning back and 
forth below the craft and Im sure if "they" didn't want to be seen or detected, they wouldnt 
have been... What exctly were they looking for has always puzzled me. If looking for a human
being, well they found one! I guess I wasnt what they wanted! Im not offended however, the 
alternative is not a pleasant thought! It is also equally possible that "they" never saw me
directly below them, they were oblivious to my presence and the abrupt take-off was normal
routine, not a stimulated responce to spotting me. Maybe they wanted someone to see "them"...
I don't know. I just have a hard time believing they didn't see me below them or that they
were caught off guard by a 13 year old boy! 

The time frame of the whole UFO encounter experience including the lights through the tree tops
was between about a 1 minute give or take a few seconds, but I will teell you this.. A life can
be so dramatically altered in the course of a minute that in hindsight, it amazes me how most of 
the normal minutes that make up our lives become easily forgettable over the course of a typical
day or course of time! You would think that my personal experience would have had a life altering
effect on me to be more of an outspoken UFO Advocate... but in all reality, Ive been mostly numb
living in a type of personal denial to my own experience for more than 30 years. Maybe thats part
of the embarrassement or shame I feel whenever my brother xxxxxxx opens his big mouth in public
amongst family or friends and asks me to tell everyone my UFO story.. Ive asked him countless 
times to stop doing that, but he keeps bringing it up and my heart ends up in my throat every
time he starts in with bringing it up! ..ugh!!!.. The stigma of being branded a "Kook" has always
held me back in this regard. I justify my in-actions with the thoughts that "they" didn't want me
to see them in the first place, "they" didn't leave any type of proof behind I could show with any
confidence or conviction and really.. Whos going to believe me anyway? Im sorry that I didn't do
more with this information or the awesome oppurtunity afforded me most never get to witness.

This is where I must congratulate MUFON and its community of "Believers!" for not being afraid 
to embrace convictions so easily maligned in the publics view or in its acceptance. As I said,
most never saw a UFO up close and personal, yet, your solid convictions in your beliefs, give me 
strength and hope that our "Reality" will someday be accepted as "Real" reality! Truly inspiring
it is and I so wish you could have seen what I saw! .. Most of you deserve it way more than me,
with the tenacity you exhibit. Maybe you would have known what to do or how to properly handle
this truly remarkable event. For what ever reason, I am witness. A reluctant one, but a witness
never the less. It is something quite unique and amazing. Like winning a million dollars... but
afraid to spend it or tell anyone you won it! What good is it? With all the new universes being
discovered, I think peoples perceptions are starting to come around to the idea of "We are
{probably} not alone!" For better or for worse, it is an undeniable fact. I wish the government
would step forward with the truth of the matter, if not only to let us "kooks" off the hook. 

           
                Thankyou for your reading my story,
                Keep the Faith and God Bless Always!
                   

P.S. Looking back, Im pretty sure, my life was much easier or better   over-all because of keeping fairly silent of what I witnessed along time ago as a kid. However, after all of these years,I also so do really know, I would feel a great sense of relief deep down inside me, if I told you my story... 

Im sure you get a ton of em, more than you care to read thru at times and all that, but for what its worth? In writing you, I took a step that I never really thought I would or could...

                 Sincerely Said, Anonymous Me!
