{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-25 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5507523.json","updb_database_id":5507523}
{dr}many (20 to 30) small yellow-orange round orbs came in an ascending linear pattern in formation from east to west then went in a circle patttern then went off in an eastern direction in a non linear patterm they

I am a physician, surgeon and scientist. My wife and I were leaving the Palace of Asia Indian restaurant at about 8 pm on 9/25/2013. When we exited the restaurant, we walked upon the parking lot and looking due south over the Cooper River there were the UFOs in plain sight in the center of the sky. There were at least two other couples in the parking lot, we all observed this together, everyone saw the same thing by our comments. 
In the center of the sighting there was a circle formation of distinct yellow-orange "orbs", about 8 to 10 in a circle just hovering, no sound at all. These orbs seemed to be glowing, There was another hue in them, smaller, maybe like a small dot of white and a small dot of red, but overall yellow-orange.
Objects were entering and also leaving this circle. More would come from East to West in a line, traveling quite fast in an upward line at an angle of 45 degrees. These objects would join the circle, then to the right going from east to west objects would leave the circle and scatter off in the distance somewhat randomly, as they receded the objects got smaller, dimmer, then disappeared. 
A commercial jet flew right past this circle and these orbs were about half the size of the jet. If you held your arm out in an extended fashion a dime in your fingertips would obscure the object. Cant estimate size because cant estimate distance from us.
When joining the circle the objects moved much faster than the jet. In the circle they hovered. Their movement was unlike any man made object that can fly that Ive ever seen - they didn't move like man made objects move. They moved fast and then stopped quickly, unusual.
Surprisingly, none of the witnesses seem to be surprised or affected emotionally to any significant degree.
I called the Collingswood police and reported it; they seemed to be over Collingswood, but they could have been far away and not actually over Collingswood.
