{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-19 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2497,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5469523.json","updb_database_id":5469523}
3 bright lights across , moved as one object (very dark night driving in country) started out hovering then moved stright up slower to faster, turned hard right angle to then fly over our car straight north and out of sight.

My 8 year old daughter is the sole witness and i am recounting exactly what she drew and told me. I was driving Feb. 19 2018 approx. 7:15 on highway heading Eastward. The night was very dark and lots of stars. My daughter was tired and bored so i told her to look out at all the stars and after a few minutes she said "mom does towers have 3 lights across?" and I said no. Then she said there is 3 bright lights moving in sky. I said keep watching cause i cant see (because i had to keep my eyes on the road). She was looking out the right back window. She said it changed direction and flew over the car and then she lost sight as it flew further Northward. The 3 bright white lights stayed together straight across as one object. It started out stationary in air the flew straight up fast then did a hard right angle turning and flying straight North very fast. The moon was a crescent and she had been looking at the moon when she noticed the 3 lights. There were no clouds we could see at all, it was very cold and clear. I seemed to lose my car heat and was really cold in the car and the highway was a secondary and one lane each way in the country so no light pollution around us, just farms. There was barely any other cars on the road with us as well. I was tensely driving and cold, my eyes were tired and it seemed so dark that i could barely see the road. My headlights seemed quite dim that night. When we got home she was so intensely excited she saw a ufo and drew me a picture of her in car and the 3 lights across, it's flight direction and the moon above it.
