{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-21 03:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5513523.json","updb_database_id":5513523}
{nd} Was looking at the stars early morning. Saw Ursa Minor, then light appeared then faded. then blinked again.

First, I would like to preface this statement by saying I have a difficult time understanding what I witnessed. I woke up at 3:35AM on December 21, 2012 due to an overwhelming feeling. I don't understand where this feeling came from, but it was there. So, I couldnt shake it off, and so I went into my courtyard of my home to have a cigarette. My courtyard is a T shape where top of T faces East and the perpendicular line faces West towards the Pacific Ocean. Anyways, I was looking up to the stars, it was a clear night. I saw Ursa Major and other constellations. Nothing but stars. No jet liners (and yes I live near John Wayne International Airport), no helicopters, nothing. Then I turned to the west to look at Ursa Minor, and I was contemplating how people are easily perturbed by mass media propaganda of the misguided and misquoted Mayan Texts. Obviously, the Mayans never said anything about the end of the world on this date. As I finished this internal thought, a light blinked up in space (I felt it was somewhere in either LEO or GEO.  This light came out of nowhere. There was NOTHING THERE, and then I saw point blank a pure white light blink. Not a fast blink, but almost like a wink. Obviously, I was surprised by this, and so I said to myself in my head as a half-hearted joke, "Ok, if you are aliens, obviously you are technologically far more advanced than us mere humans, so blink again if you can hear my thoughts." Then the object gave me a prolonged blink, then it took off in a Northerly direction leaving a trail of light.

Now, I am a pragmatists. I do not take any medication, nor do any type of drug, nor do I drink alcohol other than a glass of wine once in a while, and that night I did not drink at all. I am a returning college student, meaning I already have my Bachelors and Masters Degree. I am not a loon. I saw some object which I cannot see because I am sure it was in space, or at least in Low-Earth Orbit. When it blinked both times, I can tell that light was refracting because when it blinked it looked like a star pattern, which I assume is probably refracting off its hull or ship body.

I went inside my house, went online (since I was fully awake now) and checked the following:
[1] News for any meteor showers, comets, etc. on NASAs website, academic, and other observatory websites = NOTHING since this past November
[2] Checked for satellites, ISS, and that experimental X-37B automated mini-space shuttle = the only satellites that were above my area were old Russian satellites from the 70s. The ISS and X-37B was over North Africa at the time of this event.

So, I am left with two possibilities:
[1] It is an unknown military/government satellite or space vehicle
[2] It is a non-human space-faring vehicle of alien origin

Now, I am submitting what I saw, to understand if your organization is aware of anything or anyone that had experienced a similar event this past Friday.

I believe coincidences happen, but this is the third time I saw a UFO in six months. So, now Im fully perturbed by all of this. I hope you have answers. Thanks for reading, and Im sorry that I do not have any media as evidence. I tried to take a photograph with a digital camera several months ago, but you cant see anything. I would need a high-end digital SLR with a crazy telescopic lense attachment.
