{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-08 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5516523.json","updb_database_id":5516523}
(GS) Pulsating and Bright

1. Out smoking a cig on my back porch before bed.
2. Looking up (Easterly) and noticing a bright/pulsating white orb kind of wobbling back in forth and hovering over a neighborhood that is separate from mine and separated by a thin line of pine trees.
3. I thought it was a bright star or aircraft with a bright front light, but soon found it wasnt...due to the nature of it and the closeness. 
4. The UFO was hovering over the tree line at around 1:00am. It was just sitting pretty stationary with very little wobble like motion. Then it elevated and went higher, but not much then started wobbling in a very small arced pendelem type way(like an old clock hand moves). I watched it for about 10 minutes thinking I couldnt believe what I had just saw, but that I better get to bed because I had a job interview that morning in New Orleans and was going to be getting back up in just a few hours. So when I woke up at 5:15am to start getting ready, the 1st thing I did was went outside to see if it might still be there, and to my surprise it was. So I quickly yelled to my fiance to get the F*$K up quickly to come see, when I yelled maybe it sensed it in someway because when I turned my head back towards the sighting direction(Easterly), it elevated another 50 ft or so then shot up another 500ft or so in a SSE direction. Then started the wobbling motion again, then just disappeared in thin air. The sky was a lot lighter at that time(5:15am) then when saw it before bed. I have seem many things in my life and through my 9 years in the army and this was amazing to say the least. I was hoping other ppl in the area saw it too since it was there so long, but maybe not.
5. My feelings were pretty much like, "Yep I knew they existed and so happy I saw my 1st one". Ever since it occurred I cannot stop thinking about it and want to see more!!!! It definitely threw my interview skills off when I went to my job interview in New Orleans...
6. I lost sight by it either just disappearing in thin air or it left at such a high speed my brain couldnt process it.
