{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5486523.json","updb_database_id":5486523}
cigar shape craft with four triangle lights silently moving above me

This is not a recent sighting. After watching a ufo program on sky discovery one of the people said they saw a cigar shape craft. This made me think of what I saw many years ago here in New Zealand. You may or may not need this info, tho I thought I would put here for you any way.
 I was working on my parents dairy farm. It was spring time here,the year was between 1978 to 1980, tho I can not remember the exact year now. I can not remember the exact month tho would of been between late September to mid November and I had just finished feeding the calves and was walking to the house on the drive way. It was just on 7pm. It was a very clear and dark night full of stars. I always looked up at night to see if any thing in the night as ufo's had been seen years before, if you want to know about this one get in touch and I will tell you tho I was even younger then.
As I was about to turn towards the house I looked up and right above my head and going over our house was this big cigar shape craft. I thought it may of been a space craft, human made, tho I was not sure as back then I thought all ufo's were of disk shape.
This craft was moving slowly and silently in the night moving north or north east. what stood out was the four lights in the shape of triangles, one each end of the cigar shape and one each in the middle, top and bottom.
The bottom triangle light was wide base and pointing at the top, the normal way you would draw a triangle, the one above it was like up side down with the wide base at the top and the point pointing down to the bottom. The two on the end were also pointing inwards with the point and wide base on the outside ends of the craft, if you can understand what I mean.
As for the colour of the lights I can not remember sorry or if they were flashing or not, I feel they were flashing tho not sure sorry. Some things are clear as in my thoughts while some finer details like the light colours are not.
I know this is a very long time ago and you may not want this, I just thought you may want to put on your records.
years earlier there was another sighting of a white light late at night moving slowly a long the mountain here then slowly going over the top and out of sight. my mother talked to a lady the next day who lived at the end of the mountain who also watched it, her dogs were barking crazy. she went outside and heard no noise, just the white light moving slowly.
 My mother rang the airport in Rotorua the next day to see if there was any helicopters out the night before and was told there was none out, tho she said they rang back an said there was. This we did not believe as there was no noise at all and dogs do not normally bark at a helicopter.....
I do remember my mother telling me of another sighting of a bright yellow /orange light over the lake tho she did not say much more than that, all these sightings were very long ago, I do not live in that area now, tho not far as the mountain, Mt Tarawera, is still in sight from a different view at times.
I have always thought there is more out there than just us humans, i do hope they are friendly, not like us humans who will kill all that lives on this planet with animals and humans a like,
