{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-06 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5495523.json","updb_database_id":5495523}
{nd} Bright light bar appeared about 1 mile away, about 1500 feet up not moving. craft turned and then had 3 lights on each point , It then moved slowly overhead to the north

On March the 6th at 1040 pm I was at the end of my security shift and was expecting relief officer to arrive in his vehicle any minute.
 I went out the back door to the small guard house, which is my post,and went to my vehicle which was parked 20 feet from the door, to put my dinner bucket in the car.
 While I was walking back to the security building a brilliant bar of light appeared to the southwest of the front of the building.Stationary, about 1 mile away and directly over the tree line. I did not see it when I walked to the car but it was just there when I turned around and was walking back to the Guardhouse.
 I went inside the guardhouse ,and since the craft was to the southwest of this building and at tree top level, I could easily see it through the large front window of the Guardhouse.
 I held up my index finger and used it to measure the width of the craft. It was almost as wide as my finger is long, which makes it about 3 inches, and about 1/4 in thick. Just a dazzling bar of brilliant white light hanging motionless in the dark sky right above the tree line , which boarders the entree road to the plant, as it comes off the main road and past the guardhouse.
 I felt a wave of terror sweep thru me and for some reason felt very threatened by this object. 
 Another guard was about 1/2 mile from me. He was in a vehicle doing roving patrols and we were connected by radio, base station at the guardhouse and he having a hand held unit. I contacted him by radio and asked him to look in the southwest sky, low, in front of the gatehouse security building and tell me what he saw.
 I then heard him exclaiming over the radio,OH, OH GOD OH NO ,ITS NOT MOVING. ITS A BAR OF LIGHT, I AM OUT OF THE SECURITY TRUCK, I HAVE TO GET BACK IN THE TRUCK AND LOCK THE DOORS NOW!
 Him and I talked about 3 more minutes comparing what we were looking at when the object appeared to slightly to the north, at this time the lights slowly dim.Very slowly dim.until only three lights in a triangle shape were on, and 1 red light , that was throbbing, best way to describe it. 
 Object moved slowly to the north, almost directly above me, It made no noise. and continued out of sight,
 We tried to take pictures with our cell phones but could not get the object to show up in the camera.
 The statement made by my fellow Guard was this object ment to be seen. since it appeared almost on the same day, 1 month after I reported a object almost striking a passenger jet at this same post,I felt the wave of fear that seemed to come from the object was a threat against me for reporting the other sighting. The second security guard on post this night was not the same person who was with me 7 Feb. which was the other sighting I reported.
 It may not be connected to the other sighting, But I had to do some soul searching before I sat down and filled out this report.
  Keep up this important work please. Thank you
