{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-13 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116860","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3035,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/523/mufon-5286523.json","updb_database_id":5286523}
UFO brushes treetops

These events took place in the summer (probably August) of either 1963 or 64. I was 8 or 9 years old and my cousin was just 2 months younger than I. It was common for me to swap Summer vacation weeks with my cousin Donny; he would come stay a week in Pasco and then later in the summer, I would go to Sunnyside for a week. On this occasion, Donny was visiting Pasco. 

We were both sleeping in the NE corner of the house in a double bed. The footboard and a dresser blocked half of the window that looked out on the and the neighbors to the east. 
It was very late, maybe 2 or 3 AM. Since it was Summer, we slept with our windows open. There were large sycamore trees across the street in the neighbors yard and I hear the leaves rustling but there is no wind. I was drawn to look out the window at the foot of the bed. I saw a silvery, domed craft with red and white lights moving in some sort of pattern around the midsection. The craft was moving very slowly from east to west, coming up over the tops of the neighbor house and the trees, straight at our house. 

If I had to describe the shape....what comes to mind is a hamburger... domed on top but flatter on the bottom and the "filling" would be where the lights were moving L to R...R to L. 

I immediately shook my cousin awake and frantically urged him to "Look out the window!" This scared him at first and took a few seconds to get him to look. He has his own experience to tell but he recently told me that when he got to the window, the UFO had reached the street, still slowly travelling East to West until it disappeared over the house.

I feel it is important to tell the next part of our story. Donny and I NEVER spoke about what we saw that night. We grew up together and spent time together throughout adulthood. But we never once talked about that night until May 1st 2021. Literally, a day doesn't go by that I don't think about what we saw but I never shared that story with anyone until this year. We were at a memorial for Donnys mother. I found a quiet minute when my cousin and I were alone and I said I had something I wanted to talk to him about. I thought that I sounded pretty "cryptic" but Donny immediately said, without missing a beat..."You want to talk about the UFO." 
After 58 years, it was still "top-of-mind" for both of us. As I said, Donny has his own story to tell. And he and I have a lot of catching up to do.
