{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-16 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453782","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107844","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/782/mufon-5453782.json","updb_database_id":5453782}
{cak} A multitude of bright high altitude objects flying by

I was outside my house viewing the very lovely clear night. I like to see the night sky and I have a good idea as to what is and What isn’t usual, in the night sky.
I noticed a high jet, flying the south north route, a usually very busy route, but because of the C19 pandemic the amount of planes going by has been drastically reduced.
This is when I noticed about four crystal like, bright, star like objects in the sky, moving in a North easterly direction along a trajectory I rarely see any aircraft on. They were traveling in a straight line, at the same speed, one following the other., One of the objects moved up to parallel another of the objects in front of it and stayed there till I lost sight of it.
I estimated these objects to be very high up about 40k feet or more, they stayed in sight for a while heading for the horizon, and remained in view until the haze made them fade. I thought these unusual enough but I then noticed a line of similar but slightly duller lights following behind in a straight line, following the exact same path at the same speed. This went on for 7 or more minutes. I called my wife out to look at this too. She is a very level headed person and was perturbed by what she saw, these lights just kept on silently going by. She headed back inside as they were not changing or letting up in frequency and she said she couldn’t do anything about them..My teenage son came out and saw the final four or so if these objects which he too thought very strange, he hadn’t seen the previous objects. We posited whether they could be drones at a low level, but ruled that out as we could see they remained in view above the visible horizon far too long.
I noticed a small low level aircraft and a helicopter fly by during this time which gave a good idea that these objects were at a high altitude as the plane and helicopter disappeared over the horizon far quicker than the starlike objects.
This is during the C19 lockdown so there are very few planes in the sky so this event stood out. They were evenly placed with one breaking rank occasionally and paralleling another object as did the first ones I saw.
I wondered whether this could be a military exercise but it seems unlikely as there so many of them, there was no sound at all, no flashing lights plus they were glowing silver objects not dark objects with the lights off
They had just a constant silvery starlike light. They were on a heading of approx 31 degrees from north heading at the same speed and I assume at the same height..
I went online to see if the star link satellites or similar were in view over Portland but they were on the other side of the world over Africa.

This would be nothing spectacular if not for the sheer number of objects I saw about 60 or more, the altitude they appeared to be flying at, the duration of the time they were visible for and the occasional breaking off of the straight course they were traveling on by two or three of these objects.
Would love to know if anyone else saw this.
