{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-01-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515782","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/782/mufon-5515782.json","updb_database_id":5515782}
(GS) UFO was outside my front door , i had a very strong feeling or something in my mind to open the door. so i did and thats when i saw it hovering on top of the power lines.

Ill start from the beginning.
When i was 2 or maybe 3 years old , i woke up floating! above the crib,it didn't shock me at first, but for some reason, it was like being half asleep. i open my eyes looked down at the crib and took a quick glance at the ceiling and then close my eyes and went back to sleep. But whats strange about the whole thing, periodically growing up i would think about what happen that night, and I didn1t get scared or think much about it. i never told anybody.

The second encounter, i was 14 years old. i was watching t.v in the living room,with my 2 brothers and my little sister  and my mom was watching t.v in her bedroom. it was about 6 or 7pm at night i was watching the "six million dollar man" show i was sitting near the front door on one side of the t.v set and my other brother was sitting on the other side of the t.v and my older brother was lying down on the sofa and my little sister was in a chair. and thats when it happen, i had a strong feeling of someone or something being outside so i opened the door looked around didn't see anything,and then i looked up into the sky and there it was a flying saucer! it
was like a stone throw away. I was shocked!! i couldnt say or do anything for a couple of seconds and then i saw the spaceship started to turn around , when it did, i saw the two aliens! there was a yellow light, i didn't see any face features all i saw were silhouettes, two bodys one was sitting down, like driving the ship and the other one was standing up and looking around and then they saw me! the one that was standing up started to point at me and the spaceship was coming closer!  i could see features on the spaceship plus it didn't make a sound and when it started to get closer i slam the door shut, i was lost for words i couldnt say anything, my older brother said why did you slam the door in a angry manner i couldnt respond to him i couldnt believe what i saw, i pinched myself and then i open the door slowly looked around didn't see anything i got up and went outside to see if i could see it again,all i saw was torn branches on the ground i think the spaceship took off so fast!that it torn off the branches. i went back inside, tried to tell my family, but they didn't believe me. I kept this inside for a very long time. I just couldnt tell anyone else about this, they would of thought i was crazy, so i stood quite for a long time.

Until the third and last Alien visit, And this time i was frozen with fear! I was 32 years old, went to bed early that night laying on the bed falling slowly to sleep . my 50" inch screen t.v has a sleep mode, it was program to turn off at 12:30 am and then it happen i woke up, paralyzed,couldn1t move my body ,just my head , I slowly raised my head look at the closet that is located in front of my bed , and saw a shadow a creature 3 tall wearing what seem to be a hood over its head,it had a big face big black eyes dark skin. have you seen the " Communion " starting Christopher Walkins, the actor in one seen he is taken away by a short dwarf alien, please if you havent seen the movie, please rented it. it looks exactly like that! it didn't look like the classic alien. 

It had his back towards me, it sensed me looking at him. it turned around towards me and look right at me and started to scream, while looking at me and then started staring at the ceiling while screaming and then to my best recollection i slowly fainted but I could still hear his scream. And when i woke up i jump out of the bed, scared! it was morning. I believe they came to get my sperm, and the reason why I say this is because before I when to bed, I masterbated in a sock and threw it near the closet , just where the Alien standing and staring down at the floor, I believe looking at the sock w/ sperm in it. 

Im 35 years old now and still havent told anyone until now. Please i beg you to e-mail me at 
[Email redacted/cms/tg] to discuss this further  my name is [Name redacted/cms/tg] i live in Los Angeles. Calif.
