{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-05 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529782","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/782/mufon-5529782.json","updb_database_id":5529782}
Port Aransas, Texas has Super Ship, Probe, and USO

4 October 1 On a fishing trip with my younger brother, we drive to Port Aransas, Texas at 9PM Monday night from San Antonio, Texas. On the drive via Interstate 37 south, I did noticed a blue/white/red light up at about 30 degrees from the highway flying ahead of us at about 20,000 feet. Having just finished a previous UFO investigation the week prior, I took this light as an aircraft flying to Corpus Christi so I ignore it. After taking the Port Aransas car ferry about 12:30AM, 5 October, we park our SUV passed the end of the paved road of East Cotter Ave were it becomes the entrance to Nueces Country Park. We park our SUV tail end right next to southwest side of the waterway pass as marked on figure 1.

5 October 1 Approximately at 1:30AM we finish setting up camp and go to bed. One hour later I wake up for no apparent reason, I decide to step outside of the SUV to have a smoke. My brother has been sick so any noise or movement did not wake him. The gulf breeze was blowing to the northwest so I moved to the north side of the SUV near the front passenger seat. The sky was partly cloudy with the clouds moving also to the northwest from the southeast at a very slow rate. 

2:30AM 1 At an angle up from the horizon about 60 degrees facing northeast, I see what looked like a fast (grey in color) shadow move just above the clouds over my left shoulders into another cloud. Thinking this was either a large bird or my tired eyes playing tricks, I ignore it. 

2:45AM 1 After finishing my smoke, I make my way around to the passenger side of the SUV and I am now facing southwest parallel with the nose of the SUV. I happen to look up at three very large clouds and see once again this huge grey shadow move from the top of one cloud on my right to the next cloud to the left. I open the SUV1s driver door and start to reach for the camera under the seat. As I am reaching for the camera (I am totally blown away on seeing this) a massive Super-ship quickly moves from the middle cloud to the third cloud on the far left, see Figure 1. Wishing this would be just a peaceful fishing trip, I start memorizing eye-witness reporting attention-to-detail facts. I quickly raise my right hand and simulate the shape, color, direction, size, speed and duration of the UFO event. Using my outreach right hand (about 6 inch long at 20 inches away from my eyes) and estimating the lower end of moving clouds to be 20,000 to 25,000, I measure this Super-ship to be 7,500 feet long, 3,750 feet wide, and 1,250 in height. The overall shape (note, it move so fast I did not see the front very well) resembles a between an Archery 3 blade Broad Head Arrow Tip crossed with a Star War1s Imperial Battleship (see fig 2). At the very back of the ship looked like two very large dome (think tops of football field like the Metro Dome in Minneapolis). This machine looked extremely old. Along the sides of the ship were two rolls of blocks that resemble the tops of old castle walls. Absolutely an unpractical design for aerodynamics and it was the dullest concrete grey in color. In fact, it looked like it was made of concrete with no smooth surface, no windows, and absolutely no sound. It flew from cloud to cloud as if was trying to hide. In the open between the clouds it would almost fade in with the stars above but as soon as the ship jumped near to the top of next cloud, it would fade back into view, it is possible that the chemical composition of the earth1s cloud may have an undesirable effect of the Super-ship1s ability to stay invisible (think sun hitting falling rain to make a rainbow). The second direction it moved was about a mile west, 85 degrees up of my location and jumped to the last large cloud at about 75 degrees southwest at a speed I estimate to be 5 times a CRJ-700's 860km/h (535 miles per hour) or 2,600 miles per hour or I would estimate it jumped 45 miles in 1 of a second. 

2:50AM 1 With the interior light of the USV off and with the driver1s door open, I finally find my camera. I turn my body back out to look southeast and I see a white/blue round probe/or a decoy (fig 2) with a little red blinking light on top of it. This UFO drop down from a huge cloud father south from where I saw the Super-ship last. This probe is hovering just below the cloud at about 20,000 feet and about 60 miles from me. It is blinking with an unrecognizable rhythm. Note: the following morning at 7AM I noted 5 to 6 Oil Tankers moored between me and the hovering probe, if a crew member was up between 2 and 3 AM working the oil transfer rig that is about 20 miles out from Port Aransas, they should have seen all of this.

2:55AM 1 Seeing the probe blinking and changing color from white to blue with a smaller un-rhythm red blinking light on the top of it, I turn on my 1 million candle watt power floodlight and flash three quick flashes to it as this pratice has been advised/tried by the local San Antonio, Texas MUFON members when they are trying to make contact in our local UFO hotspots. As soon as I flashed the last of the three flashes, the probe completely vanished from sight.

2:56AM - Within a minutes, and what I can describe as my first USO (Unidentified Submerged Object) encounter, a tall (maybe 100 feet in height) super bright white double cross (fig 2) USO, rises out of the ocean at about 25 miles due southeast of me in line with the far right oil tanker. This new structure is completely lid up. It stays right on top of the water and I start filming it (see attached film). At the beginning of the film, I try to get a reference by using the stationary oil tankers, and then pan the camera to the right to focus on this USO. Within a few minutes, the USO slowly sank out of sight.

Unknown if any other event happens that night. Unknown why this is would be my fourth night (in two months) seeing and reporting events. But it has to be reported.
