{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-15 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500782","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58305","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3069,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/782/mufon-5500782.json","updb_database_id":5500782}
{rjl} Two craft approx the length of 727's flew noiseless, vibrationless in unison to inspect a US Navy undersea research manned platform

My younger brother, who is a graduate military electronics engineer, and I (a recently discharged US Army Officer), while fishing in our 18' anchored boat, approx. 19 miles off the coast of Panama City Beach, Florida, saw two metallic craft approach from due west noiselessly at approx. 40-60mph and then hover over a US Navy undersea warfare manned research platform (building on pilings and the base for which is in Panama City Beach on St. Andrews Bay) that we were approx. only 100' ft from (security then was evidently very lax). As they were approaching from approx. 2-4 miles away, Navy frogmen were descending stairs to enter a rubber raft, however, when the craft became very close to the platform, the frogmen rapidly climbed back up the stairs into the facility, plainly suggesting that they had seen the craft as well. The two craft then hovered for 5-10 minutes at which time they were approx. 300 feet from our boat, and we could see the bottom half of the disc (elliptical shape from the side) was a purplish matte color on the bottom half (to the center horizontal parting line) and a silver matte color on the top half. They had no markings, windows, seams and were the most perfectly constructed appearing objects I've ever seen in my life (I'm a Master's graduate from a School of Architecture). They then moved in unison to the SE for approximately one mile, stopped, came back in reverse and hovered over the platform/facility and to our astonishment, then ascended at a 45 degree angle evidently at the speed of bullets, becoming in approx. 2 seconds just dots that vanished. Simultaneously, at that precise moment, two US Air Force Phantom jets from Tyndall AFB in Panama City (we deduced that from the direction of their approach) flew at approx, 100 feet altitude over our boat and at the precise top of the platform then sharply ascended, turning on their very noticeable afterburners (from the mind-numbing sound and heat felt) at a 45 degree angle, clearly locked on and pursuing in the precise direction the vanishing UFO's. If I had carried my recently purchased 35mm camera with 4X telephoto lens, I would have captured the clearest, most detailed photos of UFO's in world history with a US military facility in the foreground, since they were w/in 300' from us in very clear weather with cloudless blue skies.
