{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-03-17 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461782","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2363,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/782/mufon-5461782.json","updb_database_id":5461782}
{rjl} Object Directly Over Home Intense Light No Sound

I’ve only shared this with a few individuals, one being a school secretary whose neighbor had a similar incident a year or so prior to mine. In 1993, around 2AM, I was awaken by my dog growling at a guest bedroom sliding glass door, he’d parted the vertical blinds to see out. I heard nothing; I looked through the vertical blinds and it was pitch dark. I stared intently trying to see a raccoon or other wildlife, none. All of a sudden the brightest most intense light I’ve ever experienced immediately lit up my entire yard, my pond; it was so bright it absorbed all objects across my street: trees and wetland area. The light was so intense that the sun deck above the deck I was overlooking looked as if the cracks between the slats were slates of light, flat beams of light. No sound whatsoever. My dog was livid. I couldn’t make sense of what was happening. Both homes on either side of me were vacant at the time. I didn’t walk onto the deck nor open the door, I called for my husband, he later shared he didn’t hear me. The intense light seemed to have lasted minutes, my approximation is four minutes. All of a sudden, the light went out, no sound. My eyes had to reacclimate to the darkness; and my dog was hesitant to leave the sliding glass door. I inspected the outside of my home the next morning, everything seemed normal. I shared this experience with a few people at work, one being the school secretary, she shared a similar incident where her neighbor and cows were frightened by the same type experience. If I remember correctly, a cow may have died, don’t hold me to that because it’s been 26 years since speaking of this. I hope my shared experience assists you in some way.
