{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-25 22:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5505883.json","updb_database_id":5505883}
{nd} Two white lights in middle, one red and green, lights came on and off

I walked into my bathroom, which has a window facing the north, and noticed two "stars", glowing yellow, relatively low on the horizon, one was about 40 degrees and the other was 20 degrees over the horizon. They were bright, and usually stars cant be seen from my house because of light pollution from the streetlights, but these were pretty clear. I watched the bodies and observed that the lights slowly dimmed and then brightened again. Then, a third light appeared, even lower in the horizon than the first one, with the same strange dimming and brightening pattern. As the first one passed over the house, I observed a red light on one side and a green light on the other, with two yellow lights in the middle. I know it sounds like they were airplanes, but it is extremely uncommon for low flying airplanes to pass over my house because there are no local airports. Also, instead of making sounds like a normal jet would, it made more of a humming buzz. Also, the second and third lights, as they got closer, rose in the horizon. At first I thought they were going to crash into trees they were so low. I lost sight of the objects as they passed over my house. While watching the objects, I felt nervous because I wasnt sure if they were crashing airplanes, I had never seen anything like them before. I did some research on google and the light description matches that of an airplane, but because there were three of them that passed overhead in a matter of ten minutes, and the yellow lights in the middle dimmed and brightened, they do not seem to have been normal planes. My brother, who also saw the lights, and I are extremely curious as to what we witnessed.
