{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-09 02:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5458883.json","updb_database_id":5458883}
{jpg} My two friends both felt something touch them. They described it as if you could imagine fog grabbing your arm. They saw fog as it happened.

The way it appeared starting out was similar to a bright, giant star (much larger than the way we see Jupiter from Earth, more like 1/4 the size of the moon from Earth's perspective). It moved smoothly and slowly through the sky. Three of us witnessed it and I instinctively decided to point my mag light at it. When I did that, it slowed down the way a car comes to a stop at a traffic light. Then, it dipped downward, then immediately back upward and continued on its path. But a few seconds after that, the light from it was extinguished and we could still see the object, dark against the night sky without any light. In an instant, another object appeared in the same location where the initial object first appeared, flying in the same direction. This craft looked almost identical to an airplane because of the lights. But there any sonic flight sounds. Instead, it sounded like some kind of pulsing, electric hum. The lights appeared on the back like tail lights. It was easy to see the back of it, but I'm not sure how to describe it. Once that craft flew out of view, there was what seemed like an electrical storm of meteors. One (North of us) even gave off a burst/flash (like lightning or a camera flash as bright as a bomb, but silent and fast) and appeared to fall fast and straight, directly downward toward the earth (unlike any meteor I've ever seen) in a trail of what seemed like smoke. It looked like a meteorite, honestly, but bigger and falling exactly downward. There were a few more of those silent, humming plane-like crafts. Obviously, at this point, my two friends and I are sitting & lying down and staring wildly at the sky. Not long after the flash-drop they both felt what they described as an entity that looked and felt like fog that touched and lightly grabbed both of them. I did not experience not see this. It was very hot in Alabama that night, but we all three felt a wave of freezing cold temperatures for roughly 15-20 seconds. There were also strange noises like things running around in the grass. Difficult to describe. I am an astrophotographer, so I spend a great deal of time outside, photographing the stars. I've never witnessed anything like this and just felt very lucky that I had two witnesses by my side.
