{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-23 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5523883.json","updb_database_id":5523883}
Six lights observed by two retired military personnel in Centerville, OH 9/23/11 2102hrs

I was pulling up to subway when I thought I observed some flares flying in the air directly over my house, which is approximately three hundred meters down the road. Wright Patterson AFB is near my house but they never drop flares in Dayton, Ohio so I immediately parked and stepped out of my car to investigate further.

  I witnessed five lights about 40 degrees off the horizon flying from South to North. The lights were about the size of a baby aspirin and were gold/yellow in appearance. Sort of like a dim fire. The lights were flying in a formation unknown to me. One was in front, the next three followed approximately 10 arc degrees behind the first light in a diagonal, top left to bottom right. The fifth light followed approx. 10 arc degrees from the fourth light but was on the same plane as the first light.

  I sat back in my car and turned the ignition off so I could listen for their sound. They made no sound. Another man was standing out front of a Verizon store and also witnessed what I did. As those five flew to the north and appeared to dim out of sight into a cloud the man and I talked. I told him I was in the Army and never saw anything like that. He replied He had spent twenty years in the Air Force and had never witnessed lights like those. He went back in the store and I went back to my car. I picked up the phone and called my wife just down the street. 

  Just as she answered I witnessed the sixth light appear over the treeline. I told her to get outside and look up. Her first words were "Oh my God, it"s round!". I poked my head in the Verizon store and told the man inside who was describing it to his family there was another one. He came back out in time to watch it from about half way through its visible flight path until it disappeared as the first five did. It just dimmed into a distant cloud. I asked the other witness about how far off the ground he would've guessed they were and he replied no more than 5,000 feet. 

  I have seen military flares, I have seen jets, and I have seen airplanes. This was not any of those. I even considered parts of that satellite that was due to burn in tonight but that was coming in at a 55 degree angle or something and this was moving too slow to be falling from space. 

  I went home and asked my wife what she saw and she described a round light almost directly above her. She said when it entered a cloud she saw a distinct round shape around the light as if the light was just the center of a much larger round object.

  I called the Centerville Police Dept. to see if anyone else had called anything in. The dispatcher replied no. I described to her exactly what I saw and she said she actually witnessed something very similar to that description about 15 miles away in Farmersville, OH on her way into work. She said she would log it in and we ended our conversation.

  I then contacted Wright Patterson AFB Base Operations Desk and asked if they had fired any flares. He replied no foreseeing where I was going. I described to him what I had witnessed and said hate to be that guy, but there was definitely something in Centerville. He said "No man, we haven't had anything out in that area." Thus ended our conversation.
