{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-30 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5525883.json","updb_database_id":5525883}
Lots of ufo activity above downtown Portland, very faint, involved red and white orbs, orange diagonal cylinders, triangular formations

PORTLAND, JUNE 30th, 2011, SUNSET (9:30pm) My apartment is on the 21st floor of a SW building apartment, facing north (St. Helens view). Last night I got home, and noticed fireworks popping up all over the valley, so I settled down to watch. The sun was setting, it was almost twilight, but there was still some orange and pink in the sky. The first UFO I saw was a pale orange light traveling horizontally over the mountain range. I am used to seeing planes take off and land in this area, so at first I thought that that is what it was. Yet, its path was perfectly horizontal, no descent whatsoever. And it seemed to just be brushing the mountain top. Then it did this kind of spiral staircase maneuver, and descended, somewhere east of the river, far to the north. Before I could think, three star-like lights appeared over the city. I mean, they suddenly faded in, as if they were on a dimmer. They were all the same size, but one, I recall, was a bit brighter. The lights began to fade in and out, against a twilight sky. Then more came... I don't know how many there were, but at one point there had to be at least 7. Most of them were very faint. Feathery, broken clouds rolled through, lighting up like a gauze sheet every time they passed over the objects, which were slowly drifting in a variety of directions. Every few minutes I checked the relative positioning of the lights(like a constellation) to see if they were stationary, and I noticed that the shapes of the "constellations" were changing, so I deduced that the lights were drifting about, very slightly. Then the lights, which were, again, so dim that they were often hard to see, turned slightly red. They would turn reddish colored and then revert back to whitish, slowly pulsing and moving. I decided to get my camera when a red orb drifted from the south and faded among the objects. When I got back they were still there, but the lights were too dim to appear on camera. Something perhaps unrelated: A cloud formed literally around that central bright orb, and eventually blocked it from view. It is not unusual to see the shimmer of clouds forming close to the ground in this area, but it created an uncannily fitted ring, which slowly closed. When the cloud blew away, the orbs were no longer in that part of the sky. I looked for them everywhere, and suddenly they faded in just above my head and to the right, so that I was looking up at them. This is the very strange part... They were dim, and I am not surprised that others did not see these shapes, but my elevation gave me a good opportunity to view them up close... And I swear that I saw two triangles, all uneven sides and angles, the same exact shape, but with one and half times larger. They were stationary... And at first it just looked like two of the white star-like orbs, until I noticed that each was flanked by two dim red orbs, which I realized marked the corners of a craft. It could have been a triangular formation of three lights (x2, one big, one small), but I was able to discern an almost invisible darkening of the air in the triangular areas marked by the two sets of lights, and strange disruptions in the clouds, as if they were blowing against something. I admit, I got scared and went inside off my balcony at this point. When I came out, they were still there, but had faded a bit. Following this part of the encounter, there were a few minutes of nothin'-much, and then a craft that, from my perspective, looked like a backslash (/), and flew like a backslash, never changing its diagonal tilt. It seemed that the slash had two orange lights, one at each end, and I couldn't tell if the lights were connected or perhaps two separate orbs flying in close tandum. It flew into view from north, then disappeared, before returning again from the north, and heading north and west. Thats pretty much it. In addition, however, there was an other craft that floated past in the midst of it all, though I couldn't make out what it was, because the lights on it were flashing so quickly. It could have been a plane that I have not seen before.
PLEASE, let me know if you noticed ANYTHING unusual at twilight last night. I am really excited to have seen such a thing, and would love to be able to corroborate it. 

PS... There was none of the peaceful feeling that many people claim to feel when they see these things. At one point I was actually scared and had to go inside and turn on the TV. Don't know if that has any meaning, but I felt nothing particularly friendly or unfriendly about the presence.
