{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-02 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5281883.json","updb_database_id":5281883}
Witnessed 6 green-white lights in the shape of two chevrons (3 lights each) move across the sky in a straight line before being obscured by trees.

I was in my backyard with a group of three other people sitting around a campfire around 11:30-11:45 pm on a clear night with a large view of the night sky. I first noticed the object(s) when I had the sudden urge to look at the sky and noticed the 6 lights high in the sky to the northwest. The lights were a green-white hue with a fuzzy apparent streak trail behind the lights. There was also a slight outline or edge of the craft illuminated by the lights. I first thought the object(s) was a military or civilian aircraft as I live near an Air National Guard base; however, immediately I realized I had never seen anything like this before nor did it resemble the lights or size of an aircraft. The two groups of lights moved as a unit with one chevron in front of the other. It was a fast, smooth motion as it moved across my field of view between NW and NE. As it moved across the sky it did not change speed, direction, or altitude. As it passed overhead at about a 70 degree angle relative to the horizon, it began to disappear behind the trees of which their canopies were above me and I could still watch the lights move through the sky between the leaves before I lost sight of it. Upon realizing it was not any craft known to me, I had feelings of awe and an inherent "sinking feeling" and "goosebumps". Out of the four people including me who witnessed this event, only one other person saw the object(s) as I could not point it out to everyone in time. Following the event the other witness and I independently recounted the sighting before discussing it between us, and we both saw exactly the same thing. After the event I also sketched an approximation of what the sighting was.
