{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5470883.json","updb_database_id":5470883}
{rjl} I was awoken by a boom. I thought something crashed on the roof of the house. I believe an aerial object loud with a glow of light was hovering over the house.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
Sleeping

2. What made you first notice the object?
I was awoken by a very loud noise like a boom or from sleep.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
I thought something crashed on the roof of the house. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
Some sort of an aerial object that hovered over the house. 
It was very loud with a glow of light, I'm trying to remember if the light was so bright I was seeing it through the windows, or if it almost made the roof transparent. I don't know if it was dark or chrome for sure as the glow was around it.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
I felt like it was looking for something or doing something. I was afraid it was going to enter the house or demo it.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It ended and disappeared as quickly as it appeared.

I shook my husband and asked him if he heard that and he wasn't phased at all and fell back to sleep. Only I heard it and saw it. I thought maybe I just dreamt the whole thing and tried to forget about it. I was doing IVF and they just implanted that week, but it wasn't until after that moment that I had an faith it would work. After that event, I felt I had this knowing I was pregnant. After my daughter was born 9-12-93 and was talking she kept saying her birthday was December 12th. I kept correcting her it was September 12th. Simple confusion for a child, December sounds like September. But I kind of thought about that boom around that time and again brushed it off. Now, years later after watching your show on the History Channel, I felt it was more real and unresolved in my mind. Maybe there is more to it. I can say my daughter was quite brilliant through school and turned down going to Ivy League schools. She has profound statements and a great writer. She seems to funnel all her creativity to music. I don't know if there was any correlation to that event. I don't want any media, just curious to know of any validity of this event perhaps from some more research.
