{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-08-01 12:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5516883.json","updb_database_id":5516883}
{nd} Gold to yellow glowing with visual distortions around edges.

In the late 1980s I was stationed aboard the U.S.S. Iwo Jima (LPH-2). An Amphibious assault ship (technically an aircraft carrier). We were a landing platform for Marine Corps helicopters and AV8/Harrier jets. The ship was steaming in the Virginia Capes somewhere close to the continental U.S. as the water was still green. This indicated to me that we were still on the continental shelf. I had been on the flight deck where I worked as an Aviation Boatswains Mate when an order was broadcast over the "1MC" or ships intercom. The exact words were "all hands, clear the flight deck, all weather decks and sponsons" This meant that we were all required to go below decks. I did exactly as I was ordered and went down the ladder to the embarkation area where our work space was. I felt the ship make a right turn.
  No sooner had I gone below than my best friend at the time walked into the office and said "Come here, youve got to see this!" he was obviously very excited. He pulled me by the arm and insisted "Come on, you gotta see this!". I obliged and followed. As we walked down the ladder from the 02 level to the main (hangar) deck I opened water tight door and saw that the hangar/elevator doors had been closed obscuring observation by anyone. My friend was still coaxing me along. We walked the length of the main deck/hangar bay and walked towards the fantail. This was actually not a weather deck or sponson so technically we were not violating any orders. when I reached the fantail I saw the aft lookout (a Boatswains mate) facing the front of the ship. He was positioned so he could not look out over the ocean (his job was to look out over the ocean)and I saw a junior officer in Khakis. He had either a silver or gold bar on his collar denoting either an ensign or a Lt. JG (junior grade). I had never seen this officer before. I didn't recognize him as anyone assigned to ships company and I knew EVERYONE by then, (at least facially). This officer was looking out over the fantail and I looked out to see what he was watching.
  It was at this point when my friend said, (and I quote), "Whats that?!"....."What [item moved/CMS/nd] is that?!" I looked out over the ocean and this is exactly what I observed:
  There was a gold/yellow, glowing object hovering over the ocean. It was completely silent. It was hard to estimate exactly how far away it was from the ship but I would have to guess it was about 1000 yards. The object was probably 25-35 feet in diameter (if my range estimation is accurate)and was elliptically shaped. Like a willow leaf or the classic flying saucer as seen from the side. It would descend to sea level and hover for a few seconds, then ascend. It would race from one end of the visible horizon to the other. It conducted these maneuvers several times. It never seemed to touch the water or physically land. It just darted around and hovered silently. It was the exact color of the sun just not quite as intense. I could look at it without squinting. We watched this thing for a couple of minutes until this junior officer told us: "you should probably go." following orders, my friend and I went into aft vehicle stowage, away from the fantail. I told him that I had no idea what we had just witnessed and we never spoke of it again. (He and I are however are still friends on Facebook.)
  This remained a memory until I watched the Bob Lazar story on Youtube in 2011. When he said he worked for the department of the Navy in the late 1980s and described the appearance of the object he worked on when it was energized, there was no doubt in my mind that my friend and I had witnessed an intermediate performance test of that exact craft. 
  What I took away from this experience was this: The junior officer on the fantail was not in the Navy at all. He was there with the support team for this craft. "You should probably go" was the lamest order I ever received. The United States Navy knew full-well this test was being conducted and allowed the use of my ship as an observation platform and, by extension, the United States Government sanctioned and authorized the test.
  After many years of reconciling the events I witnessed on that ship with the information I absorbed reviewing the Bob Lazar story I have formulated the following opinion: The United States Government is in possession of alien spacecraft. The Majestic 12 documents are most likely genuine, Bob Lazars story is credible and I cant trust our government any farther than I can throw them. For whatever reason they are concealing the truth. I hope they have a good and noble cause for all of the deception. Folks, we are not alone in this "multi-verse". They are out there and the U.S. Government has been in collusion with them for a very long time.
