{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487883","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71772","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/883/mufon-5487883.json","updb_database_id":5487883}
Large orbe surrounded by much smaller orbes. These would flit around, occasionally disapearing and returning a few moments later. Departed vertically at warp speed.

1995 September. I was working at a farm near Tenbury Wells in Worcestershire. An old boy there told me of a UFO sighting the previous year. It was late at night and he was sub soiling a field. An glowing orb appeared at speed and stopped about 20ft above the tractor. He estimated it to be about 3ft in diameter. It hovered above him for several seconds before flying off at speed the way it had come. 

I took this as a joke to wind me up as I was working till 3-4 in the mornings, ploughing. A few days later I was doing just that when, at about 1am, I saw some lights dashing around the sky to the north. My immediate thoughts where of the plough lights reflecting around the cab, as it was very similar. There was mass' of muck flies flying around these lamps leaving little light trails behind them. The light in the shy gave a similar appearance. I stopped and turned all the lights out. They where still there. Then I looked behind me to see if it was a house light, but there was just darkness. Now I was getting curious. I opened the sunroof and stuck my head out for a good uninterrupted line of sight. This was no reflection. The main light (holding your arm out straight with a UK penny to give you a size comparison) was surrounded by a mass of much smaller lights that circled in a flitting motion around its girth. Every now and then one of them would disappear into the distance and return from that direction 15 seconds or so later. I watched for about ten minutes in which time the smaller light went off many times. All at once the small lights merged with the larger orb, and a few seconds later went vertically at huge speed. It was like watching a Star Trek space ship going to warp speed from stand still. It was truly amazing.

The following morning I told a colleague about it. He suggested quizzing the old boy in more detail. A few minutes later he pulled into the yard. We went straight up to him and asked him to tell us again what he had seen, which he did. I then asked him if there had been anything else in the sky. "Yes, there was". This was like getting blood from a stone. We did not want to put words or ideas into his head so asked if it was an aircraft. "No it was the mother ship and all the other little lights." He then described the mother ship in much greater detail. He said it was way bigger than the moon and guessed it to be more than 100 yards in diameter with 20 - 30 smaller lights buzzing backwards and forwards. 

There was a series on the tv. Seaquest DSV. On this series they had small orbs, with sensors, around the sub which they called "Whiskers". That is what I would call the smaller lights. They gave the impression that they were gathering readings and information. The old boy had seen this at much closer distance and, where I didn't feel threatened, he was terrified. He still did night shifts but always had the tractor doors locked.
