{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456567","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/567/mufon-5456567.json","updb_database_id":5456567}
{cak} Shooting-star type lights over Northeast San Antonio

These lights were observed over Shertz/San Antonio, Texas, approximately 5 miles from Randolph AFB. 
The first instance was on saturday, 12/7/19 at approximately 11 pm. Weather conditions were fair and the sky was clear. While driving westbound on FM 3009 I observed a red-orange star-like light fly over my vehicle heading in the same direction I was driving and quickly disintegrate. The entire sighting was about a second long, maybe less. My initial thought was that it was a firework of some sort, as it seemed very low in altitude and the color of it seemed wrong to have been a shooting star or meteor. 
The following sightings happened exactly a week later on 12/14/19, in the same area and at the same time in the evening, weather conditions were also similar. While driving southbound on IH35 south of New Braunfels, Texas, at approximately 10:30 pm I watched the same red-orange light zip southbound across the sky and disintegrate quickly. Then about 30 minutes later, while driving westbound down the same stretch of FM 3009 in Shertz as the previous week, another red-orange light flew overhead of my vehicle again and disintegrated, the same as the first sighting. Then within about 10 seconds another one flew overhead but instead of a straight line flight path as the others had been, it went straight and at the last moment abruptly turned to the left and disintegrated. Up until that point I had just about convinced myself that I was seeing some type of odd meteor shower or possibly even some type of military flares or something. But seeing it change direction like it did, I don't believe it was any natural phenomenon. While seeing the two lights over FM 3009 that evening I was watching a plane in the distance with blinking lights moving extremely slowly in comparison to the lights I observed. The final sighting was about 10 minutes after the light that changed directions. I was traveling westbound on loop 1604 in San Antonio, approximately 5 miles from the previous sightings, I observed another red-orange light zip southbound across the highway in the direction of downtown San Antonio and disintegrate the same way each prior light had. The traffic at the time was rather heavy and I feel certain it was clearly visible to other drivers on the road at that time. At no point during any of the sightings did I hear any noise emitted from the lights.
