{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-02 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530567","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/567/mufon-5530567.json","updb_database_id":5530567}
Saucer with lid type morphing shapes bright yellow light hovering dissappearing reappearing jets searching.

i always see interestin things out front of my home this would not be the first time. i seen a bright yellow liquid light super bright!! it was hovering right near the prision down the street from my home. i watched it hover for a few minuets and i seen it move finally so i ran after it. when i got to where i seen it it was gone. i got back to my house and a minuet later it was there again in the same spot. then it started to move away again and dissappeared. then it reappeared again in the same spot. this time it started moving towards my direction i proceded to watch it but it dissappeared behind the trees. this was blinking soooo fast!! and it wasnt very solid looking at all. the last time it dissappeared i seen fighter jest which wasnt to weir i always see alot of planes & such over my house. but then the jest kept comming honestly i seen over 10 jets searchng the same area and direction where i seen the craft. all the jets were searching the same paths as the ufo al of them. and the jets kept comming one after another looking for a really long time. i think thats why the ufo dissappeared for good once it went behind the trees there was on jet in the area nd a helacopter. i see comercial flights all the time so i know what the difference is between army planes & normal flights. this object was truly amazing and i swear it knew i was looking 4 it. 

i was out font of my home when i seen the object it wasnt very high in the sky either if it was plane which no way in the world it was it was to low it would have fell out the sky and hit buildings/houses!

I always see things out front my home & in my general area so im usually looking up in the sky. so i was just looking out into the sky and i seen this BRIGHT yello liquidish lighht vibrating like crazy and it hovered in one spot for a very long time. thats when i ran after it when i seen it moving an i determened that there was no way it was a conventional craft.

I thought it was very strange i didn't know what to think at first i honestly thought it was a ufo it wouldnt be the 1st time i have seen it so. it was just to stranget to be anything else!! the way it hovered vibrated and it was morphing.

I was very excited im very interested in ufo's i believe there is intelegent life. i always have i was just happy i got to witness somtin most never will. Honestly i was trying to tell it in my head to do somtin definitive so iknow it wasnt somtin ordinary and i tryed to tell it to come closer. and the strange part was that i started comming closer the here came the jets and it dissappeared behind the trees. i wanted it to get away. it didn't feel negative.

I lost sight when it was traveling behind the trees and it was totally gone after that. it know it was being hunted.
