{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-07 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474567","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/567/mufon-5474567.json","updb_database_id":5474567}
A white light with huge blue tail

I had my friend of 20 years staying over at mines one night as it was a perfect summers night we decided to go on to my balcony just for a chat an to enjoy the night. About 10mins after we went out on balcony my friend says to me what is that blue thing in the sky ?  I look up and see extremley high up what looks like a very bright blue star. Before I get a chance to say this all of a sudden a huge white light appears high up in the sky coming down at incredible speed in a diagonal line with a perfect huge blue tail behind it . We were stunned it was coming literally just accross the street then fear set in because it was clearly not a comet etc and I just remember my friend saying "its going to hit its going to hit" ! I really thought this is it im going to die as it was not stopping. Then all of a sudden it just stopped about 200ft above the ground and the blue tail was gone. The huge white light which was so bright we could not see through it then hovered above the rooftops for about 2mins before moving along the rooftops in a line and dissapearing down behind the rooftops as if to land.  I stayed outside but did not see the object re-emerge from behind the houses. I have no idea what it was all I can say is it was like something coming down in a hurry looking for something . My friend hasnt been back since I could see fear in his eyes when we finally decided all that it wasnt ....and came to the the conclusion of what it was a ufo. I mean what else could it be and I have never seen anything like it before . We have not told anyone this report is it . Im no crank or nut I have a family job etc im just saying what I saw.
