{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-30 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487567","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/567/mufon-5487567.json","updb_database_id":5487567}
{dr}Ufo Mimicking airplanes

It was the night (almost 9pm) before i was leaving for work offshore and i decided to go for a walk at the park down the street. While i was walking i was watching all the aiplanes and helicopters flying around. I live a 15 minute drive from downtown Houston, Texas so there is quite a bit of air traffic around here. It was a clear night, not a cloud in sight. I was making my way around the walking path, which is a big oval, when i noticed what i thought was an airplane flying pretty low and not on any normal course ive ever seen them flying. it was just the yellow/orange glow of the front light the planes use. I didnt see any flashing lights on it but the direction it looked like it was coming, i wouldnt have been able to see them until it got closer because it was coming directly towards me. after about 20 seconds or so i stopped walking because it didnt look like it was moving and i thought it might just be because i was walking that i couldnt tell. it had to be about a minute of standing there that i noticed it was not moving but just sitting there. i had my phone in my pocket and was hesitant of pulling it out because of how long it takes for the camera to start up on it and i didnt want to take my eyes of it. after about 20 more seconds of thinking about it i decided i was going to try to film it anyway but as soon as i went to reach in my pocket the light just dimmed out and nothing was there. it was just like the light shrunk until there was nothing there. so weird. i started my camera and stayed at the park for about 30 more minutes hoping to see it again, or anything else, but i didnt. ive lived here my whole 36 years ive been alive and i have seen every kind of plane, helicopter and even the new drones. this was none of them. the area it was over is an industrial area with chemical plants along the port of houston. the light was brighter than all the planes so thats why it stuck out to me at first. it also looked like it was coming towards me but then just stopped and sat there. im back home now and im walking the park every night hoping to see something again, this time with my camera.
