{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62327","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5497046.json","updb_database_id":5497046}
{dr}Saw 2 pink/orange orbs about 12:04 am New Years Eve. Both came from east and turned north.

At about 5 minutes before midnight on New Years Eve 2014 I stepped outside to listen to the annual neighborhood racket as the midnight hour approached. At about 12:04 am, as the sound of firecrackers and distant hollering subsided, I noticed a bright pinkish orange ball of light approaching from the east. It drifted closer, and I watched it through some nearby trees across the street, possibly as close as 80 yards, when it turned in a northerly direction and drifted out of sight. About a minute later, a second identical ball of light came from exactly the same direction and turned north at the same spot. I ran inside and grabbed my DVD video recorder and got a good view of the second object zoomed in, but in my haste, did not have the damned record button pushed in! Zoomed in, the object had the outline of one of those old style milk bottles as it drifter north. Not a solid, evenly distributed light, but an outline of pinkish light (sketch included). I observed it through the camera lens for about a minute and a half. I thought the first one must be some type of Chinese lantern until it changed direction from an easterly path to a northerly one. I do not know how an object being carried along by the wind could do that. The objects were completely silent. On July 4, 2013 at around 10:00 pm I witnessed a flotilla of these same orbs of light, about 13 or 14 in number, drift across the Delaware River toward Phila. Intl. Airport. Saw 5 more in the nearby town of Mantua back in early summer 2014. They drifted over my car as I was driving home from K Mart. I pulled over to get a better look as they drifted about 100 feet or so above me. As if this is not enough, last New Years Eve I, along with numerous people in the neighborhood witnessed a flotilla of these things drifting and hovering about a hundred feet or so off the ground. My sighting from last New Years Eve also happened at a few minutes after midnight. Others in the neighborhood saw the orbs several hours before midnight. I am perplexed as to what is going on, and would like to know if others witnessed these things last night as well. Thanks for you time, and keep up the good work. I enjoy your spots on the Jeff Rense show very much. [Name removed/cms/tg]
