{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48367","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5510046.json","updb_database_id":5510046}
{nd} Green slightly flattened object appeared, moved east to west for about three seconds and then disappeared

I was camping at the lake (there were several people there but I was apparently the only person who saw this, which is very frustrating, but everyone else was doing something). I was sitting in my chair looking at the sky because the moon was so BIG that night and I was just taking in the scenery. The object appeared out of nowhere below the moon level but quite a bit above the treetops across the cove. It made no sound. It glowed with a greenish light and looked slightly flattened like a sideways oval. It made a whitish halo around it which could have been from the clouds. It moved from east to west for a few seconds and then disappeared again as suddenly as it appeared. It moved LEVEL. It was not falling like a meteor, it did NOT have a tail. I have seen many meteors or "falling stars" over the years and this looked nothing like that. This moved much too slowly and it was too big. I saw it, watched it for only a second and realized it was just weird so I opened my mouth to say "Hey! Look at that!" to my husband who was trying to start a campfire and had his back to what I was seeing, and before I could get the words out the object was gone. All I could say was "Please tell me somebody else saw that..." No one else did. Id say that if I hadnt been looking at the sky when it happened, I probably wouldnt have seen it either. I stayed up late that night scanning the sky because I was hoping it would happen again so I could point it out- if other people could see it too then Id know I wasnt nuts. It didn't happen again. As soon as we got home I started googling "green meteor no tail" and found this site. I just hope someone else out there saw what I saw. I had no idea what it was when I first saw it and I still don't. I don't know what to think because Ive always been a bit of a skeptic about this kind of thing. I feel a little strange about submitting this report but I have to do something because its been two days since it happened and Im still a little shaken up.
