{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-16 22:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5457046.json","updb_database_id":5457046}
A star like object that could be at least 5x the size of the brightest star. Appears close. Starts off stationary then flies away without a sound.

I just exited sabal hospital located on 292 velez street cagayan de oro. It was night time. I moved maybe about 20 to 25 fight to the right to wait for a motorela or a motorcycle cab. I looked to my left which was where the traffic would originate. Something caught my eye above the street lights of the flyover which was just across the street -prqctically a stone's throw away. I would later find out from google maps that the direction i was looking at was north east. My attention was fixed onto the object because it really did look like a star- only that it was VERY large if it were a star. Before you say it was venus, i would like to think that i know what venus looks like. This thing muat have looked at least maybe 5x the brightest object in the sky. It appeared close. So i thought it was a light from a tower or from a crane. I set my gaze on the object for maybe at least 10 minutes. When my doubts and skepticism finally got the best of me i finally decided that it way just be a lamp so i got on the next cab to the downtown city center (dv soria). My cab was going south west... i was riding on the left side. After i got on i looked back at the object.. it was then that it started moving steadily towarda maybe a 50 degree angle from the horizon going to the right of my field of vision. It was bright the view aometimes would be obscured by buildings and treetops but it moved higher and higher. It was not fast nor was it slow. Some tree tops and buildings finally covered my view.
