{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-19 19:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5282046.json","updb_database_id":5282046}
Multiple objects above & ahead, then an unknown low untrackable helicopter later

When returning home from the fair at Peterborough before turning into our home street by car, my little boy, my girlfriend and myself watched a super bright lighted object moving from the South (the direction we were facing) heading East. At first the brightly lit object was stationary, and as we stopped the car to look at it I asked my girlfriend to record it on her phone as it began to move. I put the soft top roof down to get a better view with the car roof down. As the object ahead of us was being recorded I noticed directly over head small but bright random flashes of white light, and some swift but short movements of small high up lighted objects with no tails such as would be expected from small meteorites if it was that. So I attempted to record those in the sky up above...Interestingly, 6 hrs and 25 minutes later at ~03:15am GMT a helicopter woke me up and my girlfriend by hovering directly over the roof of our home. I was surprised the noise didn't also wake up my little boy it was so loud. I went to my kitchen window to record the helicopter then proceed to circle the same area directly in front of our home where the objects had been seen several hours earlier. I checked on the flightradar24 website and found no tracking information for that helicopter. So I called the police non emergency number the next day to ask if it was theirs. They told me no, but also that they wouldn't be able to tell me even if it was. So I contacted the Ministry of Defence's low flying complaints by email to ask if it was theirs, they said that it was not their aircraft. I am now in the process of contacted the CAA to check if that will bring some answers...
