{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-20 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5460046.json","updb_database_id":5460046}
{rjl} UFO over my apartment

My wife and I live on the top of a 3 story apartment complex. On a nice, minimally cloudy and sunny day this space ship that was huge flew over us and went behind the tree line. My wife and I were speechless while a stranger from the bottom floor (who was outside having a bbq with some others started to freakout and yelled while almost dropping his phone. I looked over and he looked absolutely shocked while looking at the same ship we saw.

I am an artist and over the past two years I have been thinking about this and I eventually took a photo from the same angle as our deck and then illustrated this amazing ship. 

This was absolutely massive, something out of a Hollywood movie, no blurry or far off experience, just right in our faces. It seemed to have almost a plasma or flame like tail that waved slightly up and down while it moved through the air, making no sound and it was not hidden whatsoever. 

Attached is a picture of what I remember and it was stuck in my head, hauntingly there. My main reason for contacting you is in wondering if anyone else saw what we saw that day, this was not a reflection, we were not on drugs, it freaked me out and I have never been the same.

I thought at the time, why is this not all over the news? How can a city so full of people not report this? Then I realized I never did, other than sharing with a few of my friends. Oh and this looked like a solid black structure under the lights, looked hand made by something.

Thank you for your time and I absolutely swear this to be a true life experience. Please use this drawing that I did to show others, I looked all over the web and could not find anything just like it. We live by Boeing and they fly large planes all the time, this was way larger than these planes and moved probably 4 to 5 times faster.

As you will see from this picture it was massive, I was beyond scared, and this shipped did not appear to leave a shadow.
