{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-13 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5466046.json","updb_database_id":5466046}
Wetaskiwin/Ponoka/Hobemma

Being questioned in regards to being a missing persons in a cold case, that goes back to when I was young. You have to deal with the case at the case at the age it happened to a victim. There has been a lot of controversy about government involvement and experiments. The RCMP, Interpol, gang units have been investigating this. In regards to government involvement when it has to do with a missing persons case and witness protection program, is what was brought up. Interpol has had complaints about a secret society and program out of Ponoka also. I have been bullied and harassed about being stupid that information wasn't reaching me. When that has to do with policing and securing a missing persons case, it is a liability of safety concerns, abuse, exploitation and other such issues. This has also been reported to the military police. In confirming a legal definition with the Edmonton gang units with the RCMP, is it A) telepathy B) schizophrenia C) I was never involved in any gang or occult, they are classified as terrorists groups. Now if it is telepathy, like question a bitchy face and swass ass face, than that would be a form of communication attached to a being , being used as criminal harassment, obstruction of justice etc. The that is unlawful and a criminal code offence, punishable by the law. Same as there has been complaints of emails and texts for antagonizing etc, I have heard complaints from people saying they feel like they are misinformed, with this program out of Ponoka trying to institutionalize them. That is unlawful. same as I have been approached by Interpol who have stated not enough was being done for me as a victim in a cold case, complaints of people who are not qualified interfering in a police case. I would agree. The government assists victims in long term cases, such as a long term cold case and missing persons case and the impact it has on the victims life. It is stated as government to protect a victim and individuals in a case. I never knew I could do some things I can now, I do not appreciate being harassed or bullied about that either.
