{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-07-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5502046.json","updb_database_id":5502046}
Flashing Color lights through Living Room Window

This even occurred as a teenager mid 1080's. 

My family and I were watching television one night. 
Our TV faced South, on the side of the driveway which had no roof at the time. No cop cars passed our streets nor no one was there. The unusual characteristic of these reflections was that all colors flashed independently from each other but from one point, from what I remember. It appear to hit the middle of the window pane and colors spread to each individual colors (White, red/orange, Bluish/Green.

That's late night a flash of multi-colors reflected off our living room window panes. In my home, no glass is used in the windows, so the light reflected off the white window metallic panes into our living room and into our eyes. The colors appears to separate like a rainbow. We heard a swish sound. The object seems to appear over our house and traveling across from street to back yard or going East. We used to have the door open to the street so we ran outside to see what it was but it must have been pretty low because under the clear night, we didn't see anything in the sky, however, i called my grandmother who live East of where we lived and we asked her if she saw something that night in the sky and she exclaimed she did. But when I asked what she saw, she didn't want to speak about it.

My entire family experienced this event. It was something I cannot forget. I did not speak about this till I was in my late 20's and I asked my mom if it was a dream or reality. She remembered that day and that confirmed that our experience was real.

I was always searching for anyone else who might have seen it or at least an even during that time, but I have not yet. Hopefully I find it here at your site.
