{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-21 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41053","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5517046.json","updb_database_id":5517046}
{nd} 3 adults observed 13 noiseless flickering orange lights traveling west to east in an upward trajectory over a period of 19 minutes

Date of sighting: 	7/21/12
Time of sighting:	9:14 PM to 9:33 PM
Location:		Solano County, CA.
Number of individuals present at the time of the sighting were 3 adults.
Lat: 38.38   Lon: -121.96
Weather conditions reported by the National Weather Service at 9:53 PM PDT:	
Temperature				87 degrees F (31 degrees C)
Humidity 				21%	
Wind Speed 				S 3mph
Barometer 				29.83 in (1009.9mb)
Dewpoint				42 degrees F (6 degrees C)
Visibility				10.00 miles
Heat Index				84 degrees F (29 degrees C)
Sky conditions from observer1s point of view: Clear with stars visible
Ground lighting: Street lights present

Report:

A total of 13 orange lights rose in the sky from due west and followed a straight-line course, passing overhead, towards the eastern sky. As viewed by the observer looking straight up (0 degrees) relative to the eastern horizon (90 degrees) each light appeared to fade/get smaller at about 20 degrees1 and then was no longer visible. Each appeared to be climbing.

The first two lights appeared individually, one after another.
This was followed by a formation of 4 lights and the formation changed.
A second formation of 4 lights followed the first.
After the formations disappeared 3 more lights in succession appeared and disappeared.

Except for the reformation described above all lights behaved the same and disappeared when they reached the same part of the sky.

None of us could say how fast they were traveling but it appeared to be about 2 minutes for an individual light to rise from the west and disappear (we did not think to time them).

All lights were the same color (an orange color very similar to sodium vapor street lights).

All agreed that the lights appeared to flicker (like a candle flame) as they journeyed across the sky.

None of us were able to identify any sounds that we could associate with these lights.

Travis AFB is 9 miles from our location and there are usually flights in the air. None were observed during the period we are reporting.

Nut Tree Airport is 5 miles from our location. One small aircraft was observed in the air during this incident.

2 of the observers are Masters prepared Public Health Nurses.
1 observer is a college student.

My wife and I were watching TV when our son (the college student) came into the house to alert us of what he is seeing in the sky. The 3 of us stood in our courtyard and watched what was described above. The lights were all the same size and much to big to be stars. We tried to identify them as helicopters but there were no other identifiable lights of another color visible. We tried to identify sounds that accompanied the lights but could not. The lights appeared to flicker like a candle. The speed of all lights appeared constant. 

My wife reports she had the feeling that she was being perceived during the event and tried to communicate with the lights. No one was alarmed. My own feelings were of curiosity.

Each object reached the same area of the sky and appeared to get smaller like traveling upward until out of sight.

I placed a call to Travis AFB (9 miles away) to ask if anyone had reported a similar sighting. Their answer was no. The local radio station (KUIC) also denied any reports as did a major San Francisco station (KGO).
