{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5519046.json","updb_database_id":5519046}
Saw an amber flickering light sitting in the sky, then began to move and two others appeared

This all happened on April 26th on my way to a friends house.

Basically, I was driving Northbound on Highway 10 from Orangeville, when I noticed an Amber flickering circular light ahead... It was stationary and appeared to be just watching the cars. At first, it thought it was just an extremely bright star with the sunset. It wasn't much higher than the tree tops... probably only by about 100 feet. I pulled down 15th Sideroad of Mono, and stopped to try and get some pictures of it. It was still stationary. My iPhone's space was full, so I couldn't take any pictures. So I was trying to delete stuff, and that's when it began to move.

It started to slowly come towards me, and crossed the road in front of me, by probably only 20 feet ahead. I could make out the shape and everything. It was almost like a triangle, or pyramid of some sorts, but I could kind of see through it. There were some pulsating lights on the back of it, and it had that amber aura to it, which appeared to be weaker the closer it got. I tried flicking my car headlights in sync with the pulsating lights, to see if it would gauge a reaction... it didn't. Not to mention, there was absolutely NO SOUND from it. I've lived here all my life, and would always look to the skies, and you can always tell the difference from a plane and anything else. 

Anyway, it crossed the road and continued to go south, very slowly, below the clouds. That's when a second one appeared out of the clouds and began following it relatively close behind. I didn't think that Planes would do that, considering how slow they were going, how low they were, as well as how dangerous turbulence is. 

As they continued on, and they were about a kilometer or so away, I saw another light begin to ascend from the tree line south east of where I was stopped. It looked as if it was coming out of Hockley Valley. Anyway, it rose up above the tree line, and then dipped back down, and eventually rose again and continued to move south east. 

I called my girlfriend, because I couldn't believe that this was happening again. (I saw three lights like this in my back yard back in August of 2011 when a coronal Mass ejection was hitting Earth). While I was on the phone with her, I decided to take a right down Hurontario Road and began to drive toward the light. I got to the top of a hill, and stopped, and watched it hang out around this antenna (you know, the ones with the flashing red lights?). I watched it for a while, while my girlfriend tried to calm me down a bit. I was slightly hysteric, but at the same time couldn't help this feeling come over me, like they wanted me to see them... or like somehow these are the things that put life here. It was therapeutic yet terrifying, and I had this warm feeling come over me that had me feel like there was some sort of purpose for me being here, and me seeing these things twice now. Anyway, as my girlfriend is talking it moved a bit higher, and I said on the phone something like "@#$% babe! it moved again! I wish it would just show me why it's here or what it is!" (I can't remember exactly, but something along those lines). As I said that the light went super bright and big and then literally just burnt out. I thought it had left, but upon staring a little bit more it had just dimmed it's like until it was a fraction of the size it grew to. I don't know if that had anything to do with what I said, but I couldn't help but feel like these things have been trying to either get my attention, or I keep stumbling on to them. 

I didn't have any space on my iphone because it's chalk full of music and over 150 photos. I tried deleting a bunch, but this all sort of happened so fast, and I was so captivated that I just couldn't take my eyes away. I spent an hour and a half at least watching this all unravel.
