{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-25 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2199,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5523046.json","updb_database_id":5523046}
A star that moved in an un-star like fashion

Four nights ago I was outside working on a generator. I happen to be adjusting one of my floodlights which was atop my van. This stationary object made it blatantly clear that the star behind was moving!

Thinking I was seeing things, I concentrated on this star and watched it move quite some distance and then come to a full stop. The color never changed, being a standard green star color. It continued to twinkle as well. I then stood there watching it for some time high in the Southern sky. It never moved again, which in and of itself was very odd. Stars normaly appear to very slow track through the night sky due to the Earth1s rotation. Even several hours later, this star had not moved as it should.

Well the fact that I caught this star moving against a stable foreground object was a complete accident. In the past, I have seen stars do this before, but I always chalked it up to either an optical illusion or my imagination. However now that I have seen a star unmistakably move, they are far easier to spot. Over the past few nights, star movement is so common as to make me think I am seeing things again! 

However my wife, whom I said nothing to about stars moving, witnessed one herself and excitedly told me to look at it. This independent confirmation has convinced me that I am not seeing things at all. There are objects that appear to be stars behaving in a most un-star like fashion and they are common enough that even casual observation will confirm their existence.

This is but one of three other events, separate posts to follow.
