{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492046","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/046/mufon-5492046.json","updb_database_id":5492046}
{jpg} Several silver/metallic objects flying and interacting with each other.

1. Walking through the neighborhood.
2. I'm always watching the skies, got lucky for once. =D
3. Several UFO's, was NOT anything identifiable.
4. 4-5 Silver/Metallic spherical objects heading due west in apparent formation. They could possibly have been disc shaped or circular. Even though it was broad daylight, they were pretty far away. They were definitely reflecting sunlight, maybe even more so than a metallic structured craft. Think how a mirror can reflect light from very far away.I remember thinking that it's weird to see "lights" in the sky in the middle of the day. Several miles away from where I was standing, making them difficult to see clearly. Four of them were in a diamond formation with one or possibly two off to the right side. They seemed to be moving in and out of this formation continually. One would move right up next to another, then back to it's original spot in the formation. Eventually the formation was broken and they appeared to be moving about randomly after that. They never stopped heading west, all the maneuvers were performed while moving away. As they moved away, they became more difficult to see, until eventually I lost track of them all. My neighbor claimed they might be balloons, but they don't stay in formation or maneuver back and forth, or look like mirrors reflecting sunlight.
5. I went from surprised to happy to motivated to annoyed and to vindicated and back again. As I watched this happen, I did try to take a video and pictures with my smart phone. Though the camera on this particular phone isn't very high quality, so i was not able to produce any results. I also tried to get a neighbor to look but he claimed his eyesight was so bad that he wouldn't be able to see them. (Who would willingly skip out on a chance to see a UFO??? Oddly, he's retired Air Force, telling maybe?) I didn't try to verify if the video or pictures came out as this was happening because I didn't want to miss anything.
6. Eventually they moved too far away for me to see them.
