{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-26 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506332","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/332/mufon-5506332.json","updb_database_id":5506332}
strange people in forest near neighbourhood, hovering glowing balls

A few nights ago I was standing on my balcony at around 2:30 to 3 in the morning. I usually go out there around that time each night just to look at the stars for a few minutes before going to bed. That night however, out over the neighbourhood on a foresty mountain just a couple blocks away, I saw this light in the trees. It was a very bright white sort of pulsing glow, not bright in that it was blinding but bright in that it seemed to light the trees like daylight but pulsing really slowly.

i thought it was a bit weird but i kept watching. that mountain has some phone towers at the top but all down the sides is covered in trees and people don't normally go up there as far as i know.

after a couple of minutes or so a glowing white ball looking thing started to slowly rise above the trees. it was very bright but not blinding like the sun or anything, more like the light coming off it lit up the treetops all around it but didn't seem to glare in my eyes. the ball sat in the air maybe 10 meters above the top of the trees and just hovered for around 10 seconds before just disappearing. it didn't fly away, it just seemed like a light switch turning off. it just disappeared.

there was still that weird glowing light in the forest and so being the curious guy i am i had to check it out. i got in my car and drove around the block down to where the forest starts and i got out and walked into the forest. i couldnt hear anything but i could see the general direction which the light was coming from. i followed it until another of those balls came into view. i was probably about 30m away when i could suddenly see silhouettes walking around past the ball up ahead. i tried to get closer but i couldnt will myself to move. a really kind sounding voice from behind me said "do not be afraid" and then suddenly i was able to move again which caused me to fall face first into the ground. i rolled over and standing over me was a very tall man with long white blond hair and very pale skin wearing what looked like a white onesey, all fluffy looking. he looked like an albino, or like those guys off the second matrix movie who were albinos. he leaned over and helped me up and thats when i noticed something really freaky. on either side of his neck was a small but long slit that moved when he breathed. it kinda looked like gills on a fish but it was just one slit on each side. this man helped me up off the ground and lead me over to where this floating ball was. things got even stranger then because around this ball were several smallish people wearing black hooded robes and holding long metal rods, sort of like a staff or walking stick. they sort of reminded me of grim reapers with a walking stick instead of a scythe.

im about 511" to 6 and these guys were about chest height and i was chest or shoulder height to this other really tall dude.

the ball was about the size of a basketball and reminded me sort of like irobots face. it looked like it was make of white plastic sort of stuff and looked semitransparent with a bright glowing core. it was hovering there among the 4 hooded people and slowly moved up and down. i was pretty scared because i didn't know what was happening but then the tall guy placed a hand on my shoulder and i felt a sudden calm feeling go through me and i felt compelled to sit down. the man said "open your eyes" and looked like he was about to say something more but stopped, turned around and walked toward this ball thing. suddenly this dark beam of light came out of the centre of the ball and hit the ground. it was like a laser beam but black so i guess its not really "light" but it was like that. the weirdest thing of all happened next. what looked like a black rectangle rose up out of the ground. it looked like it was made of the same stuff the beam was because it looked the same... like black coloured light, and the tall guy turned to me and gave a little one fingered wave and then walked into this thing. the other hooded people followed him in and the doorway disappeared and they were gone. the ball then floated up slowly and hovered above the trees for a few seconds and just disappeared like the first one.

i don't know whether to be scared or excited about what happened. the man was calming yet he looked really freaky, especially the gill things he had. the hooded people never showed their faces which was pretty scary looking. made me think it was some sort of satanic cult or something but the tall man was able to paralyze me without touching me at all and i don't know how he did that.

i honestly have no idea exactly what i saw and i just felt like i should find somewhere to tell my story.

i don't think it would be a good idea to tell any of my friends or my girlfriend about this because it sounds completely retarded so posting anonymously online seemed like a good idea.
