{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469332","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/332/mufon-5469332.json","updb_database_id":5469332}
{jpg} Shocking. Nothing hovers so close and makes no sound like that all while hovering completely still. Also had changing colors and white spotlights.

I was 15 at the time. I went out front on the sidewalk to watch the 2015 Perseid Meteor shower. Was in and out of the house until 2 am which was the last time I was out. The final time was when I noticed this strange object that couldn1t have been more than a football field or two away, so it was pretty close which allowed me to get a pretty good look at it even in the dark. I could see it was in the shape of a blimp (It was so close I could see the outline even against the dark sky). I couldn1t see any windows, it just had lights at the center of the object on the bottom. There were two different lights (all at the same place on the craft). One set was turning basically all colors of the rainbow. The colors would change after a second or two. The second set was acting like spotlights and the color was white. It looked like there were three of the spotlights looking in different directions (I could see one shining towards me and I thought I could see another shining in the opposite direction). It was hovering COMPLETELY STILL. I know this because it was hovering around the same height as the trees in the area and I had walked and lined up a neighboring house1s roof up with the craft and it was completely stationary (I was trying to debunk it as a helicopter or something because I1m not sure a helicopter or anything man made would be able to be completely still like that.) The object made no sound at all. This 1sighting1 took place over about five minutes. I stayed looking at it in dismay the whole time. I was shocked. After I comfirmed that it was completely still, I couldn1t think of anything that could do that. So I just stared and tried to appreciate that I was lucky enough to witness something like this. The sighting came to an end when I saw a shooting star to my right (the whole reason I was out there in the first place) so I turned my head and looked. I must1ve turned my head for seven seconds before I looked back to the 1ufo1 and to my surprise, it was gone! I was startled. That did it for me. Not only was it strange looking, hovering stationary, and made NO noise. It just completely vanished within seconds, no noise, no nothing. I was just beside myself on what the hell this thing was! I went inside afterwards finding it hard to go to sleep. It1s safe to say only the people that know how serious I am believed me when I told them what I saw.
