{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-18 09:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502332","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/332/mufon-5502332.json","updb_database_id":5502332}
2 UFO's in the sky above my home. The first one being a yellow orange followed by one bright red one of the same descripton

Sunday May 18th 2014 I was outside on my deck watching the fireworks in the night sky. It was approximately 9:25 in the evening and I live in an area where there is very little light pollution and have witnessed several anomalies since moving in here a year and a half ago, but nothing quite like this. Having seen several UFO's down here I tend to sit and watch the night sky often hoping to see others appear. Looking up into the sky that evening, I witnessed an orb shaped UFO moving towards my house in the sky. Most people were done letting off fireworks by this time, thus there was the occasional boom. but not much to speak of. What I witnessed was an orb shaped UFO orange and yellow in color, but was more orange than yellow. 
I was watching as it was drawing nearer to my home when in the distance there appeared a bright red glowing orb following fairly close behind. If the first orb moved left the red orb followed and it the orb moved right the red followed again. It seemed as if they were playing some form of sky tag, but the red orb stayed quite close behind the orange yellow orb. I just stood there watching in the dark, in absolute awe. The red orb looked similar to a Japanese Lantern in shape and they were not moving fast when heading in a straight vertical line towards me. I attempted to shoot video footage of the event with a video camera that I keep on my glass encased mud porch and due to the many siteings I have witnessed here, but my camera would not work even though it had a nearly fully charged battery pack in it. I was able to watch this from both inside the mud porch and outside on my deck for approximately 4 or 5 minutes. Suddenly the orange orb paused and then raced to the left of me in the sky and was followed by the red orb, and within an what seemed amazingly fast split second, both had vanished from my sight. I was in absolute shock and I just stood there watching feeling somewhat stunned by this event, but also in awe having been so fortunate to have witnessed such a thing. I called a close friend in hopes that she too had been outside and had perhaps witnessed this as well but was unable to reach her at that time. I am still watching nightly hoping to see them again. If not, I am however certain there will be more vents to come as I have now witnessed at least four UFO visitations to date. This event however remains the most thrilling and amazing to date.
