{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-29 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473332","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3413,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/332/mufon-5473332.json","updb_database_id":5473332}
{dr}Driving west on route 1, noticed contrail clouds, began taking photos. Then video of rapidly moving object and more photos. Gradual enlarging of photos showed triangular object, short silver tube creating focused exhaust trail but pixelated square t

Driving west exiting an old iron tressele bridge noticed a series of what looked like contrails and began taking photos. Rounding a curve noticed something rapidly accelerating leaving a long trail so took a few more pictures, switched to videoing it until it disappeared and went back to taking photos of its poofed out puffs leaving several odd clouds.

Later, gradually enlarging the photos I could see a triangular tip, followed by a short silver cylinder section expelling / creating the trail. 

What was really interesting is that as I further enlarged the photos and videos the plume remained focused but the object itself became a pixelated square.

As if something was changing the presentation my Samsung S7 cell phone camera was presenting.

At first I thought it might have been an aircraft, but there was none. And it was moving incredible fast for something that could be 50 to 100 miles away. Possibly several thousand miles an hour.

Fortunately the photos & videos had land marks to measure transit angles over time, elevations and the object was well light by the setting sun

Because the object was back lighted from underneath by the setting sun it was obviously solid and very high up in the sky.

Thought is possibly could be a missle.
Heading NNE.

Or something re-entering our atmosphere.

But when it poofed out, it left me wondering if it was a huge chunk of ice that eventually vaporized.

Or was it something that sensed my photographing it and decided to disappear.

I'm sure a spectral analysis of the trail, the silver white traingle, the silver cylinder section and the enlarged pixelated square tip could help understand what it was.

I hope I've attatched the video's.
