{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-15 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505332","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/332/mufon-5505332.json","updb_database_id":5505332}
{cak} huge object showed up from nowhere in clear sky.it creeped along.went to get binoculars.was gone 10 secs. returned its gone.

I was smoking out on my back porch with my girlfriend. not pot but a cig.i was looking around at our land. then out of nowhere a very reflective stretched blimp showed up.far to long to be a plane or blimp.it was far enough from the trees and the horizon for me too know that it couldn't of came from out of view because i was just looking in that direction a few seconds before it appeared.it was creeping very slow yet just enough that i could tell it was moving.just like how a blimp moves. it seemed to be a mile or so away but the size it was must of meant it was gigantic.i first thought it must be a blimp but how if it appeared that fast in such a open clear sky. so i ran inside looking for my binoculars and maybe not even 10 seconds later i went back outside to view it and it was gone.a blimp could not of moved that fast to be out of view.i wasn't even thinking it was a UFO til i thought about its size,distance, speed a ind how it vanished from miles of open sky. it made me feel dumbfounded. i wanted to know with it was and it still boggles my mind today. I'm happy to at least of seen something that confusing yet amazing. my girl didn't share the experience since she was on the computer at the time. her eyesight is bad but she agreed she seen it when i did but wasn't watching it when i went inside after my binoculars.a year later i found a 60 pound rock that looks like it had surface melting and impact features. it was thought to be a meteorite by Yale university then later they said they cant identify it but it looks to be basalt. maybe even lunar basalt. the testing is expensive and the odds are overwhelming that its not lunar basalt. its features are amazing. i like to think me finding it is connected to the sighting i had. i know its probably not. but you never know. when i come up with 1000 bucks ill have it tested. maybe then the craft will return. ha ha ha!!!
