{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-15 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5335,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5500092.json","updb_database_id":5500092}
{rjl} Glowing ball on walk home from ice cream w/ fam. No sound, intense orange glow, caught on VIDEO! Iphone 4s.

Well, 

My wife, daughter and I were on our way home from getting ice cream at our neighborhood Foster Freeze. When we appeared a block away from our house on our street, we all noticed a medium sized object--perhaps the size of a school bus or larger from 200-300 meter away, floating in the North West sky of Torrance. At first glance we thought it was an object being towed by a small single engine plane; one similar to that of a plane towing a sign behind it along the coast of a beach. However, this object was not being towed, as this plane of reference previously mentioned flew East leaving behind the glowing object. The best way to describe the physical attributes of the object would be to say it was most certainly a circle shape. It seamed so close that I kept doubting my judgement of what it could possibly be; something that looked like it was on fire, but defied all logic there of. How could something just be floating along at a leisurely pace, be illuminated by such a orange-yellow glow, and make no sound at all? I mean this didn't just glow--the center of the circle was more of a solid color--the outer which I would estimate to be 30-40% of total light emitted was such a faded fuzzy burning glow, that I couldn't even match it with something in my brain for reference. Looking back, perhaps staring at a candle in a dark room for a minute would produce the same effect.

After five seconds of initially speculating aloud with my family of what it could be, I pulled out my I Phone 4s, and managed to get about 1:10 video of the object. Its path was linear for the most part, unaltered, only slightly deviating from it's observable course when passing behind a large tree. Upon the continued path following the tree, it continued on its destination East bound for approximately fifteen seconds before it began to flicker. The best way I can describe it is if the direct current of a battery were lifted and reapplied to complete the circuit of a flashlight at intervals of approximately .5 seconds, for approximately three seconds. Following this flicker, all lights were out, and only a small black figure of where the object was could be seen disappearing into the night. 

The story is not over, as approximately thirty seconds after this happened, my family and I all noticed another bright light coming from the South East. This light was different however. The object did not seem like it was on fire, floating like a balloon, bouncing along its path. It most certainly was a fighter jet. Its most distinct characteristics was its triangle shaped frame with small indents along the inside rear wings which gives our fighter jets such a noticeable style. This fighter jets light was white. Bright white. Something totally opposite of what we just saw. This appears as if it were out of a movie, and still has me guessing what we just witnessed. The fighter jet flying at such a LOW altitude, coming from the direction of where this object just vanished from, and just thirty seconds after witnessing the fireball object is all just too coincidental. 

To coincide with my more scientific thought patterns, I immediately ruled this as a balloon of some sort, but then I began to think of a drone. However, neither of these were logical due to the fact of this object glowing and appearing to be on fire. Lets think. What could produce light, but not shine it or direct it? Why when is it that when my family and I were staring at it, not one of us could make out its exact shape. The glow of yellow/orange had us mesmerized. A drone is most certainly out of the picture. Of course their range is remarkable, however this object let me remind you was huge. There is no way a drone could fly/hover the way this did and emit such a captivating aura of light. 

We have this all on video, from our original sight of it in the North West sky, to it flying all the way and eventually disappearing into the East sky. Coupled with the fighter jet not even one minute after our sighting, we are in no way to be convinced otherwise that what we saw tonight was not a UFO. 

A side note: The attached video, in no way gives absolute justice to what occurred. The focal range of the I Phone is so low to begin with the object appears to be far away (reference to a 2.8-12mm CCTV lens to that of a motion picture camera). Let me assure you, this object was large and in charge. As previously mentioned I would describe it as the size of a school bus in diameter from a distance of about 200-300 meters.
