{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-16 22:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5526092.json","updb_database_id":5526092}
2 bright, orange ovals above field. Floated for 4 minutes then moved 100 ft and disappeared.

I was heading to work Thursday night when I moved into the right lane on Route 29 in Chillicothe to yield to an ambulance that was heading toward the Rome/Mossville area. I was listening to station 99.9 and noticed that it quite abruptly turned to static as I passed an abandoned fuel station. As soon as I passed the station I saw two very large, orange lights just hovering above the cemetary at the corner of Rt. 29 and Cloverdale Road and my blood ran cold. I immediately turned right on Cloverdale and pulled into the cemetary. People were pulling into McDonalds across the street and jumping out of their cars, pointing at the lights. I turned off my headlights and got out of my car, grabbing my cellphone. I called my brother right away and told him to get down to the cemetary immediately, explaining what I was seeing. 

I watched them for next few minutes as they just stayed above the cemetary, not moving. The one on the right moved closer to the one on the left, which was much closer to me, and that's when I saw the top of the larger one from the light being reflected off of it. It was teardrop shaped or cone shaped, the base being the largest part and glowing an extremely bright orange. The very top had these long spikes coming out of it that sort of went out and down instead of pointing up. I estimate there were at least 10 or 12 of them from the side that I could get a look at. The smaller one started heading off toward the field behind the cemetary and the bigger one followed. 

I called my brother back and told them that they were on the move, but within 40 seconds or so they just sort of dimmed and were gone. They didn't disappear behind anything and they didn't just "turn off"...they just dimmed their lights down and were gone. I got back into my car and started driving down cloverdale toward where they had gone. When I reached the high school on Bradley I noticed a helicopter heading straight in their direction. My brother called me a minute later to tell me that he'd seen one of them disappear by the high school and then saw the same helicopter heading toward Truitt, about 6-8 blocks away from where one of them had disappeared. We weren't able to make much sense of it, but definitely believe that the helicopter was following in their direction.

I've never seen anything like it. All I know is that it left me with a very strong feeling that I saw something that I wasn't supposed to see. Anytime I think about it I feel the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. Unfortunately, I only thought to call my brother and it never dawned on my to take pictures.
