{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-22 07:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5495092.json","updb_database_id":5495092}
{dr}Midflight and seen 3 objects to the north over the great lakes area.

A little background about me is that I am 21 years old, married for over 2 years now, recently had a newborn son, and live in a small rural community where I commute back and forth to be an accountant in a larger community.. seems pretty normal! Well I was doing some training for work and had to go to Pittsburgh (March 16, 2015 until March 22, 2015). As I was flying from Pittsburgh to my layover in Minneapolis, it was early morning and the sun was just rising. On the north side of the plane there was a slight chatter behind me and I did hear a couple asking what that was, and look over there, before long I had someone leaning over to look out my window and checking it out. There were 3 distant objects.. which I personally at the time believed were just other planes.. but they were close to one another and moving at a much faster rate than we were. For a few brief moments they actually were moving sporadically in multiple directions, there were not any visible lights or distinct shapes other than they seemed to be like a stealth bomber shape, it was in the distance quite a ways, but there is nothing out there that should be able to move suddenly up and down, or even be able to fly easily 4 to 5 times faster than we were travelling forwards then all of a sudden do the same things backwards, upwards, and/or downwards. I could see that 2 of the objects were a bit lighter than the other, but all 3 were like a matte kind of black or grey. It definitely opened my mind some and I know there were other passengers taking pictures, but I have a picture but only 1 of the objects can be seen and by the time I went to video it, they seemed to have dropped below the clouds over what would be the great lakes. Also it was a Delta Airlines flight, not sure if that matters but if any one else reports something similar then if it were Delta it could be the same experience. Also the time may be Eastern or Central, not sure 100% which Time Zone I was in.
