{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35295","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5521092.json","updb_database_id":5521092}
Reverse-Engineering of September 15, 2010 Pandora, Texas UFO Sighting.

This is a follow-up to the September 15, 2010 triangle-shaped UFO sighting on Route 87/97 near Pandora, Texas. This is my attempt to Reverse-Engineer the sighting with a simple technical report and drawing on how this ship1s propulsion system operated. Actual materials and constructions techniques are not known (yet). 
1) The triangle-shaped ship has three Magnetic Spears located at each end of the triangle. Each of the magnetic spears are built with the magnetic polarity (- to +, or, + to -, a.k.a. North and South Magnetic Poles) field moving directly from the center of the spear outward toward the surface of the spear.
2) The triangle-shaped ship1s haul is built with exactly curved pockets at each end of the triangle to commandant the three spears - with - a means to move the spear closer or farther away from the ship1s haul without causing interference with magnetic field flow. 
3) The ship1s haul pockets are built to the same polarity as the faces of each spear and - when the two are squeezed together 1 they make a Repelling Magnetic Force Field (Like in electromagnetic theory: LIKE POLES, - to -, or, + to +; a.k.a. N and N Poles or S and S Poles, will repel each other if forced together). 
4) Each individual spears distances from the ship1s haul is independently adjusted to increases or decreases the size of the Repelling Magnetic Force Field each spear produces (the distance between the two looked to be very narrow for it to work). The ship rides 1on-top1 of the Earth1s Longitude Magnetic Field with speed and direction determined by the amount of magnetic force produced by the three Repelling Magnetic Force Field of the three spears1 and the ship1s haul interactions with each other. They use three magnetic fields poles to counteract our two magnetic field poles.  
5) Since the triangle ship is using "free" flowing magnetic fields, no "mechanical1 motor is needed, thus the absent of sound as noted during most UFO sightings. 
6) Please see enclosed drawing.
