{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-17 01:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5518092.json","updb_database_id":5518092}
{flg} On our way home from my mother inlaws house

It was at 0116hrs this morning when we were coming back home from my mother inlaws house and i was driving my wife noticed that we were being followed by a triangular shaped object and asked me if planes flew that low. I asked her to describe the lights that she was seeing and she told me that they were reddish orange, some red and others were white. All of a sudden my CB Radio went nuts and got loud as ever and then lights on the truck dimmed almost out when the object was within 100 of being over our heads. i tried to get some pictures of the object but my camera turned off and our GPS did also. After the object was more than 300 away we were able to move again. But while it was over us it looked like it was hovering there and it made no sounds what so ever. After about 10 minutes of watching this it started to move again heading toward the northeast. I decided that it was time to get the hell out of Dodge so to speak in case it came back for us. We then made it toward the interstate getting closer to home when i noticed the same light from earlier and it then followed our direction of travel which is north. The object stayed beside us for approximately 30 miles during which time there were other objects in the sky that looked like the were searching for something and i know that these were not man made aircraft. Approximately 5 miles from our exit on the side of the road was a creature that was Black with arms that spanned its whole body, the eyes on it were as big around as the opening on a normal coffee cup, it looked right at me the whole time going by it which seemed like and eternity. This really scared the sh*t out of my wife enough that she told me to step on it but get us home safe in which i do anyway but she started to have an anxiety attack. When we were closer to our home i noticed that the lights had been were still following us i got out of the truck and i could see the outline of what it was that followed us, it was close enough for me to have hit it with a rock, i did not see any widows at all but it did reflect the lights that were ground level.
