{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-05 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485092","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/092/mufon-5485092.json","updb_database_id":5485092}
Dreadnaught type craft appeared in section of sky they were observing.

My wife and 6 year old grandaughter were in the hot tub viewing the stars on a clear cold night. Time approximately 19.00 hrs. My wife was pointing to a particularly attractive section of sky and asking my grandaughter could she see the stars, she replied "Yes" As they looked this thing began to fill their field of view. It came from directly over their heads and was heading north, my wife described it as huge, "as big as that wall" she said to me later when we were outside at the tub, she was pointing to a 13 ft wall!! My wife, who was 60 yaers old at the time described a long bullet shaped object very dark and no lights or features, the sky around the object "wobbled" "Like the wake from a boat" or "when heat makes the road appear to wobble" My Grandaughter saw something else, she saw the craft as "Goldie, Brownie, Black" object and it "sparkled everywhere, then was gone" She turned to my wife and asked to go inside because she was frightened. When they came inside i asked my grandaughter what shape the object was and she pointed to our tall surround sound black cylinder tv speakers "It was that shape" she said. I asked her to draw me a picture and she included the sparkles, which appeared everywhere over the hull of the craft an instant before the craft disappeared. These sparkles were not bright, my wife's sixty year old eye's did not notice them, "they were tiny gold sparkles" said my grandaughter. We live on the edge of town with only one house between us and the countryside, the object was travelling toward town and in the general direction of Liverpool. Could the hot tub have played a part in this apparition i asked my wife? She shook her head and said "no Way" My Daughter and son in law live with their two girls in an odd old house, streaks of light, orbs of light and dark shadows have been viewed by all members of the family at the same time. The streaks of light have been witnessed entering the main bedroom from outside the house, flashing through the wall. Inside that bedroom they have been seen to disappear at one particular Wall/Wardrobe. Electo-magnetic meters detect nothing anywhere in the house until you go near this wardrobe, then they have gone off scale! It a strange world, and the Government knows more about it than they are letting on! Regards.
