{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-05 19:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5495681.json","updb_database_id":5495681}
{dr}hovering star-like object moves side to side and up and down.

At home with my husband and we step outside to let the dog out. It was about 7:48pm and we look up to check and see if our "star friend" is there tonight. Sure enough just like almost EVERY NIGHT we see it. It is so LARGE you cannot miss it. It is a star-like hovering object in the clear night sky. It has rays of light that shine from it all along the bottom and sides but NEVER the top. It is EXTREMELY bright. It moves ever so gently up and down and side to side as if it were hovering. This "star" is so large in size that I just cannot believe no one else here is reporting it. This "star" will sometimes stay in its position for HOURS. I have stayed up past 1:00 am with it even. We have been watching it for months and we always see it in the same place in the sky despite the time that passes or the earth's and constellations rotation. There have been times when we have seen it "die out" and "relight" in a repetitive manner. But mostly it just shines extremely bright. This "star" never makes noise. We have seen planes and helicopters even pass VERY close by it but nobody seems to be saying anything about this. It is truly just plain obvious and stands out. I can confidently say that it will be here tomorrow and the next day and even the day after and so on.... 

We also have some strange imprints on our back door window. I am quite freaked out by these as they look like smaller than palm sized face prints with large almond eyes and brow structure. These prints are from the outside of the window and they look like they have an apple shape to the tops of them and the "eyes" are so close together they just about touch. There looks to be no nose but under the eyes in between it looks like teeth??? There are two, one at the very top of the window and the other in the middle. The size which is a bit smaller than a palm is strange to us because of the height from the floor to the base of the window is about 4ft. This back door is to our small partially covered deck with stairs going off into a small meadow and woods. It is very creepy because it is as if something was pressing its face in our door window and looking in. I will not wash this off in case some one wants to investigate. I cannot say in confidence that it is from an unknown creature at all but it sure is unusual and doesn't look like it was naturally formed by the elements. I hesitate to say it but none the less I will, they resemble very small "greys" and are slightly different in proportions to each other but the same size as though they are two completely different face prints.
