{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5470681.json","updb_database_id":5470681}
2 different sightings felt like it was following me and mum while walking dog floated above my head sooo close in my street.

First sighting I was with my mum we allways. Walk the dog every day same times . We were out about 7/8 at night just walking around the block .me and my mum wear just saying how clear the sky was and looking up at the starts. I sour a light that I thought kept getting lower moveing strange down and across like it was dipping down .it was not a helicopter or a plain it was not a drown it was nothing I recognised. I told my mum she sour it but fobed me off joking saying it1s proble a chines lantern it was 100 % not a Chinese lantern. I think she was not really interested and though I was being stupid.we carryed on walking around the block and I kept an eye on it it was behind us and I noticed it was like house height it was comeing close like it was keeping its distance but still following it was a football size bright light .there was no sound of any engine it was silent .i stopped and turned around as I was so curious I was desperate to no what the hell it was. My mum started walking faster and carryed on walking as I had stopped to look at it. It just hovered just above house height and stayed there just watching. I got a little scared and turned to my mum she had kept walking so I ran to chatty up and we were then in are street in are house .

Second sighting again walking the dog with my mum as we were comeing to are street my mum was walking on the side I was walking in the road with the dog are street is quiet I allways walk in the road my mums for ever telling my off the dog wanted to sniff stuff. I took about 4 stepss in to the street and there was a orb of light hovering in front of the cars about my head height like it was curious.i said out load what the f**k is that and slowly took some steps forward.my mum was little bit a head of me 
[she said she sour it floating comeing right down the middle of the road.}on the side there was cars all parked my mum sounded scared and was shouting at me to get out the road in the time i looked at my mum and turned back to look at it . It sort of turn on the spot like it had seen me and hovered flow in mid air just above my head it was right in my face I was blinded buy the light it was so bright .it just looked like a floating ball of light it just hovered there for what felt light the longest Moment of my life . My brain was going though everything like a list of what it was not and I just stood steering at it i was so curious .my mum was on the side behind the car shouting at me get in get in .but I was so curious at first but when I herd here shouting the fear kicked in I was frozen on the spot I could not move I was so scared.then it just flow off so fast. My mum said from wear she was standing it looked see though . She said it did not look metal the body like it was a machine . I think it scared here a lot to I think she thought I was going to disappear right in front of here eyes. I have never believed in ufo I thought people wear just crazy until I have witnessed these two encounters my self and my mum was with me . It has effected me as I think about it every day but no one likes to talk about it . Believe me something is out there and it is watching us it did not hurt us but seamed very curious. Definitely intelligent and way more advanced in technology than we are . Am a bit worried in case it comes back as this happened in my street like 4 doors down from my house.
