{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26881","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5528681.json","updb_database_id":5528681}
Three separate off-white lighted objects in the sky.

I and two child hood friends "Corky" and "Gallagher" were camping out behind my child hood home. We were in a large wide open hay field. To the south of us about a 1/4 mile was a ridge line approximately 500 feet in elevation running east to west and separating our town (very rural) from the next; Sparta Twnsp. At about 10:00 p.m., all three of us noticed three separate lighted objects hovering overtop this ridge. We could not make out the shapes as it was very dark but clear that night. All three objects were far enough apart that it could not have been one object or so we thought. As we watched for roughly 5 minutes and with no sound (no sounds that night at all except peepers), the 3 objects simultaniously started to rise vertically at an easterly direction for some distance. All three stopped for a matter of a few seconds then raised higher vertically at a westerly direction. Not hardly a split second later, all three in a straight line flew west at a high rate of speed and disappeared out of sight. I knew then that these were not conventional aircraft as I weekly went with my Father to the local airport to fly each Sunday afternoon. I have kept this to myself all these years and through my beliefs and the world wide reports coming in daily, I felt it was time to tell my story. I know to some that it may seem a little far fetched but my two friends saw them too. Lastly, through my interest of the subject, what really bothers me is at that time, there was a large sheep ranch on the other side of that ridge. Animal abduction going on? Never thought of it; never heard of missing sheep; who knows? I hope my 2 friends may read this and verify my story. I had used their nicknames to keep them anonymous. I lost touch with both after High School in 1970. Thank you MUFON for giving me this opportunity.
