{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5483681.json","updb_database_id":5483681}
{nd} Approaching aircraft that appears to be morphing from bright orb with cloud into a Jet

SHAPE SHIFTING UFO? Please advise.

  I am submitting a two-part video that shows one in Real Time, and one at 12.5 percent speed. There has been no alteration or faking or hoaxing to this video whatsoever. This is an actual unedited video I captured late, on the night of April 25, 2016, east of Westerville, Ohio. I do not have the exact time that this craft came overhead, which I already know is imperative to the MUFON field investigators 1 Sorry.

  Ever since my very close encounter with a Large Black Triangle, last year, I find myself spending many a night scoping the sky for other potential UFOs, hoping to secure undeniable evidence that we are not alone. I am submitting this video for a couple reasons; One 1 The headlight on this craft is WELL beyond the typical brightness of other jets I1ve seen or have gotten videos of, in the past. Most jets in the night sky cast a dimmer yellow-white headlight, whereas, this craft, much like the Black Triangle, had a headlight beam that was virtually pure bright white. Two 1 Playback of video displays what appears to be a potential Shape Shifting Event in progress at a distance.

  OK 1 I1m NOT stupid, nor am I rocket scientist, but I am smart enough to know, that there is much out there that none of us know much about. Hence, when I capture some anomaly on video, I ask questions. The OBVIOUS concept to this video, is that, once the craft finally made its way over my head, it absolutely looked AND sounded very much like a conventional jet 1 but was it? At the time, I was good with that conclusion, until I loaded the video to the computer. All the questions arise, AT THE BEGINNING of the video. So, I spotted a very bright white light off to the west, approaching in my general direction 1 most likely a jet on approach to the airport. BUT, once I saw the video, it appeared that the camera saw more than my naked eyes did. This craft CLEARLY appears to be Transforming. IS IT? I don1t know. I1ve gotten other videos of jets that do NOT have this morphing effect going on, but THIS one appears to be going through multiple transformations before finally presenting itself as an actual jet. SO 1 Is this some atmospheric phenomenon causing this effect, or is this an actual UFO Shape Shifting right before my eyes? I know MUFON has received other Shape Shifting UFO reports, in the past.

  For the Record, there were NO Clouds present that night, nor was this craft behind Treetops. There were ZERO Obstructions between my camera and the craft, altogether. So, before a quick determination is made, that this is simply, just a jet, because at the end of the video, it DOES look and sound just like a jet, please explain the complex gaseous cloud this craft appears to be shrouded in at the beginning of the video. Watch very closely, even magnify, as superfluous orbs appear then disappear, and wisps of gaseous clouds form and change repeatedly, into something you1d see out in the Universe taken from Hubble. At a couple points of time in the video, the craft almost disappears into blackness. Unless, there is a valid scientific explanation for what the camera picked up, that I am unaware of, my money is on a Shape Shifting UFO. I swear these Aliens hide right in front of us, so as to go about their business, undetected.

Thank you.
