{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5515681.json","updb_database_id":5515681}
(GS) Exterior multi-colored lights which faintly

So I get a call at 10:28 tonight from a friend and she says there are lights in the sky like crazy sparkling and moving and they are at the staff house. I, of course, open my door and immediatly RUN from my apartment to the staff house where I find them standing in a huddle. The lights are still in the sky, very low to the horizon just over the roof of the storage building from the end of the staff house driveway. They look like airplane lights blinking, but they are blinking in sequence around something else that we cant see and they are very far away and definitely moving up, down, left, and right in the sky. Eventually one "mass" of sparkling lights moves right and up to where its more over the Office and a bright orange light comes on "inside" the ring of sparkling lights on one of them. Lasted maybe 5 seconds. I took my camera out on my iphone because I knew that while it couldnt pick up the faint sparkling lights, it would get the bright orange one. Sure enough, a little while later the orange light comes back on, as seen in the video. After turning the camera off I thought I saw a "searchlight" type light briefly sweeping out from one of them and upward. May have been my imagination though. 
Before I got there they claimed that they had seen 6 of these groups of sparkling lights and that several orange ones had been on at once and moving irregularly. Wish I had seen that. They eventually sank back to just above the building roof and went out of sight. Before I went in I went to the gazebo thing by the boat dock and took a seat. Soon I saw the sparkling lights come back, this time three of them quite a distance apart. The orange light came on again on another one. The sparkling lights were gone within 10 minutes. They did not shoot off, just stopped sparkling.
