{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-04 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5476681.json","updb_database_id":5476681}
{dr}Small coffin shaped black object. No visible form or propulsion. Headed toward me, got within 30' then changed course

I was standing in my kitchen doing dishes looking out the window when I saw a small rapidly moving object flying towards me from the West. At first I thought it was an eagle or something like that so I looked up to watch it go by. It was coming directly at the house and as it got closer I realized that it was not a living creature. It was sort of shaped like a coffin, having either 5 or 7 sides and was fairly flat and it was black with orange trim. My guesstimate is that it was low enough that a person could conceivably have thrown something at it and hit it, perhaps about 30 feet high at the time it stopped in front of my house. When it reached the front of my house it veered off abruptly at a 90* angle heading north and flew away. I tried to go to a different window to see it but by the time I got to the other side of the house it was gone. I would guess that it was probably moving somewhere about 50MPH, And size-wise I'm going to guess probably somewhere around 2 feet by 3 feet, though possible a little larger, and it was quite flat appearing. I could not see the top of it so it may have been taller or thicker than it appeared from underneath. I have searched online for every conceivable type of drone and remote control contraption that a person could buy. There are a couple that are similar but I have found nothing that looks like what I saw. I could see no form of propulsion, and if it was a drone it must have had something up on the top of it where I couldn't see, but it was flat enough that this seems unlikely.
I see a lot of weird things in the sky around here, and I have seen military drones, and this was not like anything I have ever seen.
It simply looked like a black, thin, coffin shaped solid object that could move quickly and maneuver with great agility, and I take into account that I was inside, but I heard nothing. No sound of propellers or a motor.
