{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-30 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5521681.json","updb_database_id":5521681}
On October 30th at around 3:45AM, I was laying in my bed, i was starring at the stars in the sky, there was no noise because no one in Middletown had electricity, because of the snow storm we got. A glowing yellow disc flew across my field of vision.

It was October 30th 2011, right before 4am, sunday morning. The entire town of Middletown didn't have electricity, because of the unexpected snow storm we got. I had just woken up, and I was just laying in bed starring at the sky and stars, I must have been starring at the sky for about 30 to 40 minutes, when a large glowing yellow disc, flew across my field of view, from my left to my right, across the sky, I couldnt keep following it with my eyes because my neighbors house was blocking my view. I quikly sat up in bed, because I knew what I saw, It was clear, and just by the way it was moving, I knew it wasnt normal. It moved straight across the sky, but it made a sudden left to right move, as if it were trying to avoid something in the sky. From where I witnessed it, it was bigger than a softball, but smaller than a basketball. It seemed like it was high in the sky, but it wasnt covered by clouds, so it wasnt higher than a mile or so. I could clearly make out a perfect circle inside another circle, with a dot in the middle, it was glowing yellow, like a bulb. It was a quite night, because no one had electricity. I didn't hear a pin drop, and I know I shouldve heard something, because when I see a plane miles high in the sky, I can still hear a plane moving through the clouds. The disc was flying lower than a plane would, but no sound at all, no trails, and just by the akward movement, I know it wasnt something normal. I would have to say if it looked like the size of a mini basketball from where I was, and it looked like it was no higher than 2 miles in the sky, then it had to be large. I was able to look at it for at least 2 seconds, I didn't have time to take pictures, but I drew out a sketch of what I saw that nite. If we had electricity, then I would have never witnessed this, because i normally don't lay in bed starring at the sky after waking up. I have thought about what I saw alot, it wasnt a fire fly, because it was way too cold, not a plane or helicopter, because I didn't hear a sound, and not a reflection of a car driving by, because i didn't hear any cars at the time, and there were trees knocked down around my streets for anyone to drive. It was moving fast, but I think I couldve followed it with my finger if I could. My friend told me I should look online, to check to see if anyone else witnessed it, but I didn't feel like I had to, because I know what I saw, and don't think anyone had a better view than me.
