{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-01 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5492681.json","updb_database_id":5492681}
{rjl} UFO was large and hovered over the Greenup Dam then quickly turned west and was gone.

I was leaving my night classes at SSU in Portsmouth, Ohio and driving home by way of US 23. It was about 10-11pm and in May 1994. The night was clear and warm. US 23 is very rural and there were only one or two other cars out that evening. A few miles before I reached the US Grant bridge which crosses over to Ohio Rt. 52 (which was my usual way home) I noticed two or three pickup trucks/cars parked along the opposite side of US23. I thought a few people were standing beside their vehicles, looking up at the sky. Then I noticed a very bright light up in the sky, which got nearer and nearer until it's shape was clearly that of the "traditional flying saucer" It had lots of lights all around it and it was very large. I'm not good at estimating size and distance so I'm not much help here. It was a grayish color, saucer shaped, bright white lights (oval shaped) all around it. I heard no sound but it appeared so close that I suddenly got scared and pulled my VW over along the road and got out to look at it. It keep moving very slowly and I felt what I can only describe as a power coming from it. But, I am embarrassed to say, the craft which I was looking at from the underside as it flew over , didn't stop to get me. I didn't lose any sense of time (I don't think) and I just watched as it slowly moved to the east which was heading over to the Ohio side of this area. The Greenup Dam on the Ohio river is where it briefly hovered but did not land. I got back in my car and drove to the US Grant Bridge to US 52 heading towards Ironton, Ohio which is where I live. I was shocked when I got home and NOTHING was reported on the local news about anyone seeing a UFO. That night or any time after that. Of course, I didn't report it either although I often checked on the internet to see if anyone reported it. There were a few cars/trucks on the other side of US 23 that night and I would think these people saw it, too. They must have been scared to be called crazy like I was. I only told my sister and a friend. The friend said I was crazy. But now that MUFON is so well known and famous perhaps this sighting can be recorded and someone will look it up one day and say that they, too, saw that magnificent mysterious UFO near the Ohio River one night in 1994. I wish I had a picture of what I saw that night. But back in 1994, people didn't have all the phones and camera stuff that they do now. Different times for sure. Peace, [Name removed/cms/tg]
