{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65829","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5493681.json","updb_database_id":5493681}
{dr}4-5 teens watching for a rocket launch from vandenberg AFB 5 or 6/1965

I and my best friend, [names removed/dr/CMS] younger brother and two or three other neighbor younger teens were watching for a rocket launch from Vandenberg AFB on or about May or June of 1965, possibly 1966. We were innocently playing kick the can in Richard's court that evening. We were aware there was to be a rocket launch from Vandenberg AFB. I recall our seeing the launch, watching it's ascension into the sky via it's bright path when suddenly the rocket seemed to become erratic then blow up in the atmospher off the west coast from VAFB. I stayed staring in that direction when suddenly a brilliant diamond white light appeared over the horizon (10-15 degrees) from where we had been watching and in less that a hundredth of a second the light streaked overhead (no known aircraft could travers the skies that quickly in those days of the F104 Saber jets or maybe the Navy Panthers. A few seconds to a minute later another brilliant white light streaked and stopped overhead from the same South Westerly direction, then another also just stopping dead flight overhead. I do not remember the directional sequence thereafter; however, two other brilliant diamond white lights appeared and all four objects stopped dead in their flight path above our zenith. I based their size to be between the head of pin or possibly half an aspirin size. So the objects were very high in the sky/atmosphere. As I recall they stayed motionless for about a minute maybe more; when suddenly all four objects streaked out of sight in what appeared to be the four cardinal directions. I therefore reasoned these four object were not of Earth, because nothing I was aware of could fly/move that quickly and through space!

What is of significance for me then as now still, was how they just shot away from their overhead positions. As each object streaked in their own ordinate directions,their light trails stayed illuminated until the light winked out (dissipated).

The closest analogy I can describe, would be to equate a metal object moving like an earring on a TV studio persons ear during the period when TV cameras were going digital; I think sometime in the late 70's thru the 80's. When someone moved in their physical direction and reached a new position it took several thousandths of a second before the streak of light caught up with them as they came to a new stationary position. No other analogy fit for me until this or like in Startreck, when, as the Enterprise hyper jumped it left a dissipating light trail behind until all light source ended.

To state the obvious we were astounded and this memory has stayed indelled within my memory me for over forty years.

I must state for the record, once after returning from the Service sometime between 1970 or 1971, I met again with my best friend [name removed/dr/CMS] (now deceased) and asked him if he recalled our incident. He told me he did not recall any such thing. This puzzled me for years. Then I remembered, he was a private pilot. And I assume he did not want to remember because it might jeopardize his pilots license. The only other person who might be able to corroborate this event would be[name removed/dr/CMS]. The other two or three neighbor boys were [names removed\dr\CMS]. Sorry, I do not recall their last names. 

As a further aside, I once had an opportunity to relate this experience to Dr. Hynick (sp) of project Blue Book, while attending California State University Chico, sometime between 1972 or 1973. He gave a presentation on UFO encounters from project BB. I told of our childhood encounter and my impression was he was non-plused and blew my event description off; turning to some other student and began talking with them. Pissed me off to say the least!

Since then I have rarely recounted this event to others for the obvious reasons.

In closing I do not know if this is of any value to MUFON, but since it happened, I felt I would at least offer this event experience.

If you would like to speak with me feel free to call me here in [location and phone number removed/dr/CMS]. Hopefully others reported this event in the past too.
