{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-01 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67880","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5491681.json","updb_database_id":5491681}
{dr}mid 1970s, summer, near Bradley Intl Airport approach zone, saw UFO hovering over my driveway, NOT a plane! During day, above trees, others saw it. Sighting was in local newspaper. Fighter jets from airport quickly arrived on scene. Not a drill!

I was around 8 years old in 1979. It was a weekday, sunny, warm, summer time with leaves on the trees. I was playing with my dog tied to a tree, alone in my backyard located in the "approach zone" near Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, CT. Airplanes flew over my house all the time. On weekends, typically Sundays, the Air National Guard would do their drills, in a typical pattern. This UFO sighing was NOT during the weekend. As I left my backyard in the afternoon around 2-4 pm and crossed my driveway, above the treeline in the Eastern sky I saw a classic UFO, silver, with dome on the top, and lights around the rim. No sound came from it. But there was some vibration which made me stop in the driveway to look up. I made eye contact with it and stared at it for about 10-20 seconds, realizing it wasn't an airplane. When, in my mind, I thought, "Oh my god it's a UFO with aliens!" Somehow, it KNEW what I was thinking. It quickly moved a few feet North and in an instant it was gone, traveling South. I ran inside and told my mother, who of course, didn't believe me. Within minutes, the Air National Guard was flying over the area, not in typical formation, as they usually did on Sundays. I called my mother outside and she witnessed the fighter jets flying outside their typical drill formation. I said, "See, I told you I saw a UFO." The next day, in one of the local papers: either the Journal Inquirer or the Hartford Courant or the Thrifty Reminder, there was an article about the sightings. It stated that others nearby at Southwest Park (Now Veteran's Park) saw it too. I showed the article to my mother and she told me to NEVER tell anyone or I would be sent to looney bin. I found out later, that one of the park witnesses was my baby sitter. We talked about it later and learned we saw the same UFO. 

FAct - there was an article in the paper about the UFO sightings AND the Air National Guard was patrolling the area immediately after I saw the UFO.

I saw Hangar 1 episode recently about a sighting in Long Island and it looked just like the drawing. I have no other evidence and would like to know if others have reported it, if you have the article or pictures of it. 

I don't remember the EXACT date, but it was the summer time, school was out, and I was about 7-9 years old which was between 1978-1980. I believe it was 1979. I vaguely recall thinking the UFO sighting was the same year as the F4 tornado that ripped through Bradley Airport a few months later on October 3, 1979. My brother and I stilled lived in the same house and were running home from school when the tornado struck at 2:50 p.m. As adults we both have suffered PTSD from that experience. 

Also, back in the 1990's when there was a Barnes and Noble on Hazard Avenue, in Enfield CT....I was in line with my step-daughter telling her about my UFO experience and man overheard my story. He handed me his business card. I forgot his name and misplaced the card, but he was from MUFON. Again, I never reported it because I was afraid of the stigma, but with your new show on TV....I'm so curious to know if anyone else reported it, if you have pictures of the UFO I saw, if you can locate the newspaper articles, or have airport/National Guard records that prove what I saw was a real UFO. I still live in town and the house still exists where I saw the UFO and can bring you to the EXACT location.

Also, my friend took a picture of me on my wedding day, February 20, 2010 in Tavares, FL on Lake Dora looking South and she took a picture of what looks like a purple orb. But it's disk shaped and appears to be large...and moving.  The date on the camera is incorrect, it was my 75 year old friend/neighbor who took the photo so she didn't know how to change the date, so I'll attach another photo that proves it was taken on Saturday, February 20, 2010, 10:55:38 AM. So the pictures were taken with two different cameras. I was just wondering if it IS a UFO and if anyone else reported seeing it.
