{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5487681.json","updb_database_id":5487681}
{jpg} Triangular craft moving slowly with pulsating red lights moved in a counter clock wise path over my nieghborhood.

1It was on or about Feb.24, 2011, and I remember that particular day because it was very cold outside. The sky was clear that night which was nice after the bout of rain we had recently.The time was around 9:30-10:00 PM, and this is the time I take our three dogs outside to do their business as I try to stay warm and in a little bit of a hurry to get back inside where it1s warm. I noticed two of the dogs looking up, which normally they don1t, and I follow their gaze upward, and I notice through my neighbors trees at about 100 ft. above, three red lights blinking in order, vertically. The lights blink separately, yet as they blink there is a connective beam that weaves from one to the other(like a tesla light you see in those orbs when you touch it.) These lights are at about NW position, and moving to W. Now, before it get1s very much further, the lights begin to rotate clockwise until they become horizontal. Before it becomes fully horizontal, I can finally see a shape that I could1nt see before, and it is triangle-shaped and dull black in color. Now, for this discripiton I have to let you know that there is a street light almost directly below this craft that is orange in color and is about 3 blocks away. At this distance, the object appears to be at least 35-40 feet long and 25 feet wide by 8-10 feet high. It has block shapes on top of it, and I can see 4-5 of these on top. At full horizontal, it is headed about West now, and though I can1t see the top of it anymore, I can still see the side of it. I can1t believe what I1m seeing, and I want to share this with someone before it goes away. So, I run to my son1s bedroom window (his corner bedroom windows faces NW & W) and I begin tapping on his window to get his attention and explain what I1ve been looking at. He looks and see1s what I see, and about this time my wife comes outside to throw out the trash and notices me and my son. looking up and pointing to the sky. wife asks us what we are looking at, and she comes to the side of the house and see1s what we see , but by now it has moved from the West to heading South. It must have been moving slowly, because we could all still see the lights of it very clearly, and the time it took me to see it, go to my sons1s window, explain to him what I saw and show him, and have my wife come out and see it before it moved on must have taken some time. In my excitement, it seemed like it happened a little faster than that. Oh, also, the third of our dogs, when this first happened, ran like crazy for the kitchen door, and I1ve never seen her run that fast!

 I don1t recall hearing any sound, as low to the ground as it was. I asked my son. & wife the same thing, in fact I recall asking them right after it happened, and we all agree that none of us recall hearing any sound. The time involved seemed longer than it was. my son. said it felt like 20 min, wife said 15-20 min, and I would have to say 15 min. However, the actual time that went by was in reality probably about 3-5 minutes. When I looked at the clock, I kept thinking, man this had to have been longer than 5 minutes! 

I didn1t feel any vibrations, but I do remember that it seemed like the air stood still.
