{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2589,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5502681.json","updb_database_id":5502681}
{cak} Object above house across the street from mine at that time. It vanished after third attemped to get more witnesses.

I was 5 yrs old at the time. Watching Alien Nation with my family eating cereal for desert. The alien's in the movie grossed me out, so about 15-20 min. in I got too grossed out and went out side to finish eating. It was around 9-10 o'clock at night, very quit, no one was out side and no car's driving around. I walked around the front yard bored then looked up to see the sky and noticed this "hamburger" looking thing over the house across the street (a side ways oval shape with a row of square light's in the middle probably wraping all aroud it). I really didn't think eany thing of it and walked around some more. I found a cat walking around and picked it up to play with it and showed the cat the object. That's when I reallised I was looking at an alien ship. I put the cat down and staird at it for a few minutes, it was 3-4 ft. above the house and probably 30 ft. away. It one light that would brighten up the ones around it as it would rotate around the ship and made no sound or movement the hole time. After a few minutes I ran inside and told my parents, brother, and sister's to come see the space ship outside, they told me they where coming so I went back outside to see if it was still there. The ship never moved. I stude in the drive way just looking at it for a few more minutes, when no one came out I went back in to tell them again to come see the space ship and again they said they where coming to see, so I ran back outside. Luckily the ship was still there when I went back out. Threw the holl time the ship did not move at all, just the one light going round and around. After a few more minutes still no one came out. So I went back in the house for a third time and again my parents said they where on there way out to see, so I went back outside but this time there was no space ship. It was gone and I was the only one who new it was there.
