{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-03 00:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459681","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/681/mufon-5459681.json","updb_database_id":5459681}
{rjl} Bright Orange object

I arrived home from work (Law Enforcement) a little after midnight on July 3, 2019. After situating the household I went outside to check on our ducks and chickens like I usually do. At approximately 12:40 AM is when i noticed a bright orange light towards the east. After re-positioning myself to get a better view I noticed an extremely bright, circular object at an approximate distance of 3/4 - 1 mile away (it could of been farther away but distance is my rough estimate). I observed this very bright orange object towards the end of my street which a large pond/lake resides (Robbins Pond). The object was nothing like I have seen before, it was bright orange almost like a small sun or flame ball and from my field of view seemed to somewhat hover approximately a few hundred feet above the tree line for approximately 30-45 seconds. Then the object began to slowly travel North West at a slow rate and as it did the elevation increased. I observed the object for about 4-5 minutes as it continued slowly traveling North West until I lost sight of it due to the trees. I'am use to seeing planes and their lights, this was nothing like I've ever seen. The object was extremely bright orange with flickers of yellow and red from time to time. I've seen planes and helicopters with spot lights and those usually have a yellowish tone, this object was at least 4-5 times bigger than a spot light and bright orange. It honestly looked like a ball of fire minus the smoke trail. I have seen only a few questionable things in the sky during my 33 years but this was honestly something i have no idea about. It was bright bright orange, 4-5 times bigger than any plane or helicopter light, had no sound, traveled slowly and at different altitudes. I'll be keeping my eyes on the sky a lot more often, especially after seeing on the MUFON sightings map of at least 3 other similar sightings near Robbins Pond in East Bridgewater area.

Due to changing right after getting home from work I left my phone in my work pants so never got a picture but have attached a small diagram of my experience.
