{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-12 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5284585.json","updb_database_id":5284585}
Twirling white light that changed to a horizontal disc

I was 10 years old and lived in London on a busy council estate. I woke at about 11pm as I couldn’t sleep. I know it was 11pm as I had a girly bedside clock. We lived opposite a park and as I lay on my bed I could see the tops of the trees from my bedroom window. I observed what I can only describe as a glowing white strip light (like you have at home in a workshop or garage for eg) that was twirling like a baton vertically. It was very large and very close and low down in the sky. It proceeded slowly along the line of the top of the trees into the very corner of my window wishing eyesight until it changed shape from vertically to horizontally whilst still twirling but as it changed horizontally I could make out a grey silvery dome shape in top of the twirling strip light. It remained there for at least 2 minutes then shot off so fast it felt like it disappeared. I was in awe and in shock. I was absolutely transfixed. I immediately ran to my mums bedroom which was the other side of the house and told her what her saw and she told me to stop being silly and go back to sleep as I had school in the morning and was probably dreaming. What I saw was very very real and I certainly wasn’t asleep! The strange thing is that when I looked at my mums digital bedside radio/clock that she had on her bedside it was 3am. I have never to this day understood where that time went. I maintain to this day that at 52 years of age I know what I saw and have told many people what I experienced but I know deep down they don’t believe me. I’ve carried this knowledge many years and just felt impelled to tell people and to lift a heavy weight off of my shoulders and tell people like yourselves who for once in my life actually believe me. Thankyou for reading. Karen
