{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-05-10 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5287585.json","updb_database_id":5287585}
Grey Blimp Shaped Object--Tree Height

On break from university in 2003, I was walking from my parents' home to my gym on a Saturday morning around 8 am. I do not recall the exact month or year; it would have been between May and August 2003 or 2004. It was a Sat shortly before 8 am as I always work out at that time and had my weight belt with me (only ever used on Saturdays). 

I saw what I thought was a Goodyear type blimp to the South and it appeared to be heading North. Richmond does not typically have blimps in the air.

As I walked South, the object moved North and it was clearly not a Goodyear blimp. It was a darker shade of grey, and much smaller than a blimp. It was approx. 4-5 ft long and 3 ft tall. It was blimp shaped, but there were no discernable markings, propulsion systems, wings, windows, protrusions, or the little box at the bottom of a blimp where the passengers are. 

It was simply a grey oval that seemed to be moving at a constant pace (about walking pace) North

It made no sound. There was nothing coming from it. It emitted no light. 

The weird part was, I could not tell if the object was solid or not (I assume this was because I could not see any surface texture, pattern, or reflection). It was not transparent. It was perfectly shaped in that the outline was clean (unlike a cloud) and symmetrical. It was so dull (not shiny) that I could not make out any surface texture at all, and had no idea what it was made of.

It was travelling at a height approximately 10 ft above the 2 story homes in the neighbourhood, so about 30 ft in the air.

I stood directly below it as it passed over me and from the bottom, I could not see anything other than a grey blimp shaped object. I could have thrown a ball at it (if I had one). 

I followed underneath it for about 20 yards matching it's speed at a normal walking pace. I could not tell what I was looking at.

It then gradually turned North West and I watched it continue that direction until it went out of sight. 

Two other neighbours looked up as it passed over their house. I did not talk to them because I did not know them
