{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-25 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5511585.json","updb_database_id":5511585}
(GS) I saw this objects shape, bright white, green bluish lights emanating and a series of dark spots forming a band from side to side

On July 25, 2011 I was in Swift Forest Camp, located in Swift Lake Reservoir, Skamania County in Washington State. It was around 8:45 pm while I was sitting by the lake, the sun started to set.
I ran back to my campsite to retrieve my camera, then ran back to the lake shore, by the time I got the camera ready to photograph the sunset, I was only able to take one photo before the sun disappeared behind the mountains. 
The scenary was beautiful so I decided to take some photos.
The sky had turned fairly dark except in the lower part of the horizon where I could still see the fainting suns glow and the outline of the mountains and trees. It was a clear night and there was nothing visible in the sky.

While viewing the photos , I noticed a bright object high above the mountains outline, this object was not visible when I took the photos. 
I was puzzled so naturally, I decided to look closer and using a graphics program, I enlarged them to get a better look, I don't remember the last time my jaw dropped the way it did when I saw this objects shape, bright white, green bluish lights emanating and a series of dark spots forming a band from side to side, there is an orange-yellow glow in the lower side as if the sun was reflecting off some kind of metallic surface.
This thing seem to be invisible to the naked eye and only showed in the photos.
It does not look like any conventional aircraft I1m familiar with, what1s more, it appeared to be moving, judging by its position in relation to the mountains below it.
Ive attached the three photographs to this e-mail.
