{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5517585.json","updb_database_id":5517585}
{ck} Red Orbs (+20)

The following sighting took place between 9-10 p.m. on the 4th of July in Livingston County, Michigan. Two small white orbs were visible in the south over the tree line moving toward the west. The objects were maintaining level flight and traveling at a continuous velocity, keeping an equal distance between each other.

I went in and alerted the second witness who also viewed the objects, discounting them as 1flares.1 I continued to watch the fireworks and three more 1train lights1 appeared over the tree line in the same area as the first two and traveled in the same (direction, formation, and speed). They were not Aircraft as they were not strobing green/red and they never made any noise.

Once again I went in and alerted the second witness to come outside, we both stood in the yard watching the objects 1float1 across the sky. At this point more of the similar objects appeared over the tree line to the north, traveling south to the same relative area in the sky.

When I noticed the objects coming from the north they started out as a bright yellow/white light (train light), turning red as they came closer. When the objects passed overhead they fizzled out and just their circular black outlines were visible. 

As one of the dark object traveled from an overhead position to the south, an exploding firework illuminated it just above the tree line. This allowed me to view the side of the side of the dark object, which had a shape likened to a muffin (circular on the bottom then rounded with a dome on the top.) When the object was illuminated it appeared to be grey in color.

After that the second witness encouraged me to go inside and get my camera phone and take a video of one of the objects coming from the north, moving towards the south.

Reflecting on the incident these objects made no noise, traveled in a similar direction, all at slow consistent speeds. All the objects had similar flight characteristics, appearances, shape, and sizes. As the objects moved to the south their color became faint, ?due to increased altitude? Then they would fade into the southern sky and more would follow from the north.
