{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5480585.json","updb_database_id":5480585}
{jpg} Rhomboid Shaped Flashing 5 solid lines of alternating red and white lights

I just bought an app for my iPad plus called Star Chart. I wanted to get the name of a very bright star that I was viewing. I observed just below the star, what I first believed to be an aircraft traveling South with my naked eye. I quickly noticed That I was viewing a Rhomboid shaped object with 5 horizontal solid lines of lights. The lights alternated red, white,red, white and red from top to bottom. My estimate of altitude was about 3 to 5 thousand feet. Well over a mile from my position. It was about four times the size of a 747. It's light flashed about four times faster than normal aircraft. it travel in a straight line and made no sound. It jerked every time it moved.So it appeared to move a square at a time. Hard to explain. The object moved in a straight line from horizon to horizon in about 45 seconds. It was almost like watching a projection of an object, very unnatural. There were no clouds in the sky, an extremely clear night. I should have heard noise if it were a jet propelled aircraft. The object moved from right to left and I just lost sight of it. During the sighting I was very puzzled and surprised. It was something that I had no reference for. 

I am a 68 year old retired Sr. Vice President of Merck Medco.
As a young man I served as a Sgt. in the USAF Security Police. I am a Vietnam veteran and spent most of my service in the Strategic Air Command. Where I spent many hours at night patrolling run ways and watching the night skies.

This is the first time in my life where I observed an object, in the night sky, that I could not explain or had no context for.

I am very curious if any one has ever reported an object like this or if you might have an explanation for what I saw.
