{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-24 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5521585.json","updb_database_id":5521585}
Intercepted, followed, hovered, then gone

December 24th 2011
Time was Just before 10pm
Location is CT Rte49 in Voluntown/Sterling
Duration was 2-3 minutes

	I was traveling north on rte 49 through Voluntown/Sterling Ct just before 10 pm.. I was heading home from a family fuction. It was a clear night with many stars out. 
	Route 49 runs north/south through Voluntown and Sterling and is a rural farming area that runs over the tops of many hills with thousands of open acreage of harvested corn fields. You can see for miles east and west in the stretch of 49 where this happened. 
	As I was driving I noticed what appeared to be an aircraft marker light that was blinking brilliant blue/white similar to a halogen light. It appeared to be flying low and fast. The light came out of the east just above the horizon and was moving west. It became brighter and changed to more like a flashing flood light when it got overhead. I looked west when it got overhead to see what it was. It did not continue west but instead followed me overhead and was now lighting up the road around me. 
	The flashing light was now so intense that it lit up the interior of my car as I had the roof window canopy opened with the glass was closed. I slowed down. It kept pace with my car, extremely bright and flashing . 
	I pulled off the road just long enough to open the roof window. I immediately noticed that there was no noise. The light was blinding when I looked up at it. It was hovering overhead.
	I closed the roof window and canopy. I locked my doors and drove off as fast as I could. I was in flight mode, in a cold sweat and focused on getting out of there. The flashing light kept pace overhead briefly. It then changed from a flood type light back to the initial blinking light that I had first noticed as it abruptly left me by turning quickly back to the east.
	This light came out of the east traveling west and perpendicular to route 49. When it got overhead it followed me north. When it left me it returned to the east. I have no knowledge of aircraft that are able to make what appeared to me to be 90 degree turns or that can slow so fast and then hover silently. The light was silent and changed to more of a flashing flood light while overhead. I did not see any features of a craft during the whole incident which lasted only a couple of minutes.
	I didn1t notice any other cars on this stretch of road at the time this happened. I have found nothing similar to this on your website. I am wondering if I am the only person to have experienced this before?
