{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-19 22:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5494585.json","updb_database_id":5494585}
{rjl} UFO Often in Front of My House

I had UFO/ET experiences as a child, and I'm a member of a support group for abductees (who I was actually connected to through MUFON). I've been sharing my current experiences with them, however I thought it a good idea to report what's been happening here. 

For around six months to a year, I've been seeing a light in front of my house. The last time I saw it was the 19th. I live directly on the coast (overlooking the ocean), and the object hangs out over the sea. At first I thought it was a star, however on a night when it was particularly bright, I realized it was flashing multiple colors--usually white, blue, green, red (or a reddish-orange), and a yellow-orange color. 

After noticing the light quite a few times, I began to pay more attention to it. I realized that if you walked away for a few minutes and came back, you can see that it had moved. It would basically make big circles in the sky--starting at one spot, moving in a large circle, then returning to the same general area as it started. 

Initially I tried to rationalize it as a planet or possibly a satellite, but then it dawned on me one evening that this light was visible when it was cloudy--no other stars would be visible, just this light. It's showed up a few rare times in the early evening as well, before it was completely dark out, and you can visibly see it beneath the gray, cloudy sky. Whatever it is, it must be in our atmosphere.

Within the last four or five months I've noticed it comes closer. Now instead of being star size, it's more like aspirin size (using the measurement provided here), and you can see that the "flashing" is caused by it rotating. This has been verified by three other individuals I showed it to--the colored lights seem to be moving from one side to the other, as though spinning. 

The light has recently started to move more as well. You often don't have to walk away to see it progress now. If you watch it long enough, you can see it moving past stars, or the tree-line, or other markers. One night when it was windy, I watched it dip down quickly to the side, then it did an odd squiggly motion moving upwards. A few seconds later, it disappeared in front of me. 

I've taken photos which I will try to submit, as well as a couple videos. Unfortunately, the camera I have is only a general digital camera, so I will submit those photos and videos that are the best. In the particular photos and video I'm about to submit, you will see a red-orange light. That's my neighbor's security light on their house, and I left it in as a point of reference.

I've seen this same light two other times in different locations around my town, but otherwise, it is always in front of my house. After telling people about it in my support group, I somehow found out that there seems to be a lot of these strange lights, and no one (meaning U.S., Russian, or Chinese governments) are claiming them. Whether or not this is true, I cannot say, but it would seem these lights are known about. From what I understand, there's a man at a university somewhere who's been studying them. Since I've been reporting on them to my support group, two other members of the group have now noticed them too. They also live in the Pacific Northwest. 

I'm curious if others in my area, or the West and Pacific Northwest in general, are seeing these lights as well. Can anyone elaborate on them?
