{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5290585.json","updb_database_id":5290585}
Star/plane-like object moving slowly one direction, then changed course and did a few circles

We were watching the geminid meteor shower, and there was a bit of cloud cover so unfortunately not as great visibility for extended periods. But at one point when there was a good break in the lower altitude clouds I saw what at first appeared to be a star, but I quickly noticed it was moving fairly slowly towards the north. I assumed it was a plane, and it was yellow/gold/white color, but had no blinking running lights as planes usually do. Then after about thirty seconds or a minute when my girlfriend was looking at the exact same object with me, it slowed down and slowly kind of turned smoothly back towards the south. It wasn't erratic or jerky, just seemed smooth, and then it kind of turned back again toward the north, and continued on a smooth irregularly circular series of movements. the circles and changes of direction were no more than about four or five inches wide if I was holding my hand out the measure that way (as I could not determine altitude). After about five minutes the clouds rolled back across and we lost sight, but after another five minutes they dissipated again and the object was still there, and it was still doing similar movements. It was not very set or seeming to have any pattern to it, just broadly smooth and irregular changes of flight pattern. 

As a side note: there was a memorial for a friend of mine in town earlier that evening, close to 1800 on the evening of the 13th, about 6 hours prior where they had released about two dozen chinese lanterns into the sky over the water. At a point when we were observing the object the thought crossed my mind that maybe it was a lantern somehow still lit, and slowly wafting around in the atmosphere, but I doubt one of them would have been lit still after nearly 7 hours, about four miles away from where they had been launched.
