{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482585","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/585/mufon-5482585.json","updb_database_id":5482585}
Ball of light morphing and flashing different colours with erratic flight characteristics

It was 10:30pm on 17/5/2014. It had been a hot cloudless day and was now a cool clear night. My father had gone outside to check something in the garage and as he was coming back he saw a bright light up in the sky behind a neighbours house. He initially thought it was Sirius but then realised it was the wrong time of the year. On closer observation it was brighter than Sirius and was white but had a sparkling red edge to the lower side. Suddenly it wobbled, which prompted him to call my Mother.
She arrived to see the ball of light which had now morphed into a green colour as it glided down slowly. She in turn watched it a short time then she shouted for myself to come and see
I was watching TV and was initially reluctant to come, but hearing the urgency in her voice I grabbed my Olympus SP810UZ Bridge camera I keep next to my TV and ran to the back door.
As I got outside my Father said 'What's that?' pointing to the sky. I looked up to see a turquoise green ball of light moving away steadily until it was obscured behind the roof of a house. My initial reaction was to wonder if it was a Chinese lantern, but the colour was wrong. I then raced through the house to the front of the property to try and catch sight of it again.
As I looked through a wide gap between two houses, I caught sight of the object. It immediately started flashing very rapidly through the colours red, white, green and light green and was moving in large erratic, horizontal orbits. There was no sound whatsoever.
I was so surprised by this sudden activity that I struggled to operate the camera. I initially set it recording but couldn't find the object in the viewfinder. That is when my Father joined me. By now the object had morphed into a lime green colour and was moving away again. I went to record a second time but pressed the shutter in error!
For a third time I set it recording and captured it in the distance behind the treeline. It was flashing between white and red then suddenly it morphed into lime green again but with a brighter green flash at periodic intervals. We observed it moving slowly or hovering for a few seconds when suddenly it dropped fast, hovered then dropped again out of sight. It appeared so far in the distance by this time there was no point in going looking. We waited for an hour but nothing appeared again. Our elderly neighbour came out to say his lights had failed but this may have been a coincidence.
Due to the light conditions and lack of time, the video and still shots are out of focus but show the colour of the object very well. (I've sent this report some time after the event as I didn't have the facility to do so before, however I used notes I made at the time to compile this statement)
