{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-31 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5528003.json","updb_database_id":5528003}
two V shaped flying objects with 4 bright, multicolored lights followed a road and stayed 100ft from the ground

At just before 8pm last night, 1/31/11, I very clearly saw two objects with four distinctly round, brightly colored lights: blue, reddish-pink, green and a yellow. The lights were so bright they immediately caught my attention and were very easy to follow in the night. 

I was driving North on I-5 about to exit Arena Blvd. At first, I mistook them for a weird air show off to my right over Sacramento's Arco Arena, just south of the Sacramento Intl. Airport, but when the objects wandered from the very large parking lot and followed a road across an empty field from me I realized they were not kites, remote controlled planes, nor any other plane for that matter. They were a block away and at one point flew under the lights of the empty street. The ships apeared to be black under the orange street lights. I thought they were only V shaped, but at times they appeared triangular, but as though they had slightly extended rear sides. 

It looked as if the 1drivers1 were having fun, travelling slowly along the road, twirling, rising up, stopping and hovering, and sometimes rolling in another direction (blatantly defying the laws of physics). They stayed between nearly touching ground and 100ft in the air. I live near an airport, I know how planes move, and these were not planes. I can best describe their movement as a mix of that of a kite and a stunt bi-plane. One of them flew under a red light in an empty intersection, while the other flew over. In relation to the size of the traffic light pole, they were between 20-30ft wide and 3-4 ft tall. 

I was never affraid of them, rather jealous that they seemed to be so much fun to fly.

They were traveling south toward the convergence of two freeways, I-5 and I-80, the busy Truxel shopping center, and on toward downtown Sacramento. I know they must have been seen by other people as well. Being so unexplainable, I was surprised they were so blatantly visible. 

Since I was exiting the freeway, I had slowed as much as I could while constantly looking to my right, but as they travelled further behind me I could no longer safely watch them unless I pulled over. Not having a camera on me and with a hungry child in the back seat unfortuantly I could not pull over to watch them completley disapear. 

Did anyone else see these??
