{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-15 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5494003.json","updb_database_id":5494003}
{cak} New the object had a distinctive shape of a perfect pyramid with three edges showing

I had just finished eating at late night cafe after a Friday night football game I coached. This was an every away game thing me and my head coach did after everyone leaves field house. I left going to my parents house out at the lake, takes 20 min. to get there. About a mile down the road, I noticed what looked like a new star or planet on the horizon, looked mainly white at first with a slight shimmer of colors. I am a Science teacher and was very intrigued with this object. As I left the outer part of town going east towards the lake, I kept looking at this strange "star-like" object. As I passed the turn in of our local country club, I started noticing that the object was not only bigger but also could start to make out distinctive fluorescent orange and green light emitting from the object. At this point I was ten or so miles from it and started to believe maybe a was seeing another unexplained object. This is the first time I have reported anything like this. As I got closer, within 5 miles, the object no longer looked white at all, only the orange and green lights were visible on top of a faint baby blue light. The object did not looked like it had even moved, just kept getting bigger the closer I got. When I was at my closest point to the object, best estimate a mile, the object had a distinctive shape of a perfect pyramid with three edges showing, middle edge was fluorescent orange with the other edges fluorescent green. The base of pyramid looked to be sitting on a perfectly round baby blue disk with a yellow ribbon-like wave circling around its edge. The two sides of the pyramid were a dull black barely reflecting any of the lights on the edges. The best I can describe the pyramids lights would be like that of the light sabers on Star Wars. The pyramid appeared to be huge, yet at arms length was about at big as a penny to quarter size and still had not moved hovering high in the sky, maybe a mile up. It was at this moment that I lost sight of object and turned on road leading to lake house. After about a half mile, I once again saw pyramid, but now looked about 3 miles away. This was the last chance for me to see because of all the trees close to the road. It seemed to be now back towards town slightly. I now sped up and got to the lake house hoping to see it again, keeping track of where in the sky it should be. But once there, had clear view of the NE to SE sky and saw nothing. I tried twice, going down highway, to take picture but got nothing except flash on windshield and one with my finger over phone camera with window rolled down. I know my other two sightings were strange in years past, but at least could have been possibly explained. This was different, I have no reasonable explanation whatsoever of this. It was truly a mind-blowing experience for me.
