{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-22 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5549003.json","updb_database_id":5549003}
a two night each several hours in length sighting

Near the end of September 1999 I was living in the East End of Thunder Bay Ontario. I had two sightings of the same craft during this week The Adress was 601 McLeod apt. 3. It was late Wednesday/early Thursday. My tv was broken so I was sitting in the dark when I noticed a light through my curtain. I opened up my curtains to see a light. The light alternated colors. I'll secribe this to the best of my ability. At fiest it may have been blue then turned red and then green. When it changes colors it would let off short bolts of electricity of that paricular color. When it completed a cycle of colors it would go into a rapid pattern that resembled a child scribbling on a paper. That light would be pink. When it was done scribbling it would turn a dull light pink and fill the night sky with this color. It would literally blind me, and I would have to blink over and over until my sight returned.
During the whole time it was drifting from left to right. It was moving slow. It seemed to be running some kind of test. It appeared to be over Lake Superior. I don't know what was over there for it be testing. 

I remember watching it with my cat. I stuck my cat in the window and the cat seemed not to like it....it just gave a fearful meow. 

I tried to take pictures but the camera batteries were dead. I watched it over and over for the next few hours.

A few nights later it came back. This time I saw it come in. It was about 2:30 in the morning. I was laying on the couch looking out the window as my tv was still out. Around that time I saw a white light coming in. I thought that was a weird way for a plane to come in. Then it just stopped. All I could think was they're back and they started doing the same thing. This time I felt fear as I was wondering what the hell do they want.
This time I wanted to phone the airforce, but didn't want to end up in a room with someone telling me that I didn't see anything. I didn't have a phone and the payphone was down the street, but I figured if I tried that they would abduct me. I also thought I shoulds never tell anyone of this as they would believe that I was crazzy.
I watched this time for maybe 3 hours before jets showed up, and started flying around the craft. I lost sight both times of the craft because of jets showing up. 

After seeing the craft I became obsessed with this. I told people and they thought I was crazy, but I knew what I saw. I studied every ufo book photo I could find. I looked at ufo images on the net to see if I could find photos that resembled what I saw that night. So far no luck.

I can offer you no proof to what I saw. My only motivation is that maybe someone else has repoeted something simular at the same time. I don't remember the exact dates only taht it was near the mid to near the end of September 1999 in the city of Thunder Bay, Ontario.

I am not a credible witness as I have two mental disorders. One being clinical depression and the other is Attention Deficeit Disorder. I don't hallucinate visually or audibly. I know I saw something and maybe someone else did too.

               Sincerly
                 
                Brian Niemi
