{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5508003.json","updb_database_id":5508003}
{Dr}Chrome u shaped

Stanton Friedman suggested I contact you and see if there are any MUFON reps in Hawaii? I wasnt able to find any online. 

This is the video and has the description of events. It is probably better you just see it.

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

I posted this and am reporting for someone else. I left out the info below about the military and police because I am not 100% sure about what happened. 

He said he was crossing the street when peripherally he thought a car was going to hit him, then he noticed it wasnt a car but a chrome like object the size of a car. He said he felt very sick as if he was going to have an epilepsy attack and when he tried to grab his camera to record it didn't work and the cars in the area all stopped. He said he looked down at his camera and by the time he looked up it had already gone up. His video started working and he was able to locate it up as you see in the video. 

Someone called 911 but he said the military showed really fast. 2 camo hummers and a black SUV. They separated all the 6 witnesses and asked questions. He said they asked him things like, how he felt before and after, what made him cross the street at that time, why he was there, if it was impulsive or planned, if he remembers having any colors flash in his mind, or if he had every see things like that before. He said they asked the colors thing a lot, like when you saw it do you remember if you thought of any colors. Do you remember in colors coming to your mind after etc.

He said the military police scared him. They wanted to take his camera but local police showed up and werent happy that military was there and to give his camera back, so the guy tried to erase his card before giving it back, but the video had already uploaded to the cloud. He said he made a point to remember the names of the military guys but is having trouble recalling.

He took numbers of the other witnesses but claims they either wont return his call. One claims they don't know anything about it and were not in Hawaii, but I suspect the number was written down wrong because that just sounds weird.

I wanted to help him because he seemed pretty shaken and I agreed to share the video and after feeling pretty good that it wasnt a hoax, I decided to put it public. I cant attest to his story being true as far as the military, but I do think the video is interesting considering the information you will see from others who debunked various suggestions.

My concern is the military is testing again when they arent supposed to be which isnt the first time. 

I do believe there are aliens but not sure if that is what is here.
