{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-06 20:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2806,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5463003.json","updb_database_id":5463003}
{jpg} 3 red-orange orb shaped light in a triangular shape

My husband and I decided to take our kids on a car ride to help our youngest fall asleep since he was having trouble falling asleep at home. Car rides always put him to sleep. We were on our way back home approaching the intersection of Handy Rd and Moffett Lane in Bloomington, IN. My husband was driving, and my 7 year old daughter noticed the lights first. I pulled out my phone and started recording as soon as I saw them. My husband thought they might be those Chinese lanterns that float when you light them, but as we watched them we noticed they were staying in the same shape together like a "V" shape or obtuse triangle. At first they didn't move. They were just sort of hovering in one spot. We continued driving while I was recording, but the treeline kept getting in the way. I stopped recording because I lost sight of them. Once we made the turn onto Moffett Lane we couldn't see the lights. We looked around for them then I noticed they had moved across the road. They had to have moved quickly because we would have noticed if they lights had "floated" over the road above us as there would have been nothing blocking our view of them. It was like they were in one spot then when we lost visual of them for a couple seconds they were gone only to reappear in a new spot on the opposite side of the road. We continued driving until they were no longer in our sight. We were all excited and a little freaked out when we saw them. My husband and I didn't want to scare our daughter, so we didn't mention the possibility of them being UFO's until we got home the night. I have never seen anything like that before in my life. It was definitely freaky. Note: In the video the lights are NOT flashing. The trees are blocking the view which makes the light appear as if they are flashing. The video was recorded on my phone while I was sitting in the passenger seat looking out the drivers window. My daughter makes a comment calling them lanterns because we told her that's what they were, so she wouldn't be scared.
