{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-13 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/003/mufon-5501003.json","updb_database_id":5501003}
{cak} Saw triangular object in sky, hovered, moved in one direction, then took off rapidly in another until I lost sight of it

It was roughly around 10:45pm. I was dead tired from a long weekend. I needed to water the garden. I have some ham radio friends who sometimes like to talk late at night, so I grabbed my handheld radio, clipped it to my belt, and attached my earphones to it. I went outside and noticing it was dark, I turned on the patio light in back. I first watered some potted plants and other plants in the flower beds (I chatted with a few people on the ham radio for the few minutes it took me to do this). I then went to my side-yard, uncoiled the hose and attached the sprayer. There was no activity on the ham radio by this time. Before I was going to water the garden, I was going to quickly spray an area of dry grass. I started to do this, when my ham radio burst into static. This sometimes occurs on the frequency I was tuned, but it is usually caused by weak signals from other hams, so I can usually hear a scratchy voice coming through under the static. However, my radio was loud with nothing but static. I turned off the sprayer and dropped it and the hose. I unclipped the radio and checked to see if the squelch had somehow been turned off. Nope. So I adjusted the squelch to the higher setting and my radio went silent. I was about to clip the radio back to my belt, but my radio again became alive with white noise. I checked the squelch again. it was still at Max. I then moved to adjacent frequencies and the squelch wasn't working there either. I then raised my radio high up into the air to see if the frequencies were more clear if the antenna was higher. That's when I saw it. A large triangular shaped object slightly to the east of me.  It couldn't have been more than a half mile away.  For the smallest fraction of a second, I thought it was a plane, but it didn't move, it just hovered. The faint lights on it weren't flashing or blinking. I was frozen. I didn't know what it was. Could it be a drone? It floated, perfectly still for a moment longer, then it started to slowly glide away from me. I don't recall hearing anything. I noticed that some, perhaps all, of the lights on it were slowly and gently pulsating. A second or two later, it very quickly moved in a northernly direction and was out of my line of sight in a matter of seconds. I didn't move. It couldn't have been a drone. I tried to process what I saw, but couldn't. A few moments later, voices emanating from my ham radio caught my attention. I turned off the radio, put the hose away, went inside and sat on the edge of my bed. I didn't know what I had seen and didn't know what to do about it. I took a shower, brushed my teeth, and then sat at the dining table for several moments, trying to process what I had witnessed. I didn't get much sleep that night, nor the night after. This stupid thing has affected me, and I don't like it.
