{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-11-10 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516923","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3894,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/923/mufon-5516923.json","updb_database_id":5516923}
{nd} Hovering Triangle comes across the road that my cousin and I were traveling on.

To the investigators of UFO1s
On November 10, 1991 my cousin and I were subject to an object that not only crossed our paths that night, but would affect both of our way of thinking for some years to come. It was 10:15 P.M. Central Standard Time as we were traveling east on highway H and was coming back into the town of Salem, Missouri. We had just crossed the one- lane bridge that resides approximately 5 miles out of town on H highway, and made our way up and over the hill just 1 of a mile past DD intersection. Upon topping over the hill, my cousin notices what he believes is an airplane to our far left in the cattle ranchers1 field and this object is traveling south. Upon further notice, we both realized that not only was this airplane descending, but it made absolutely NO SOUND as it made its way across the field and toward H highway in which we were traveling on. Believing that it was an airplane, we accelerated to approximately 90 miles per hour so as to pass under the plane as it crossed the highway. The object reached H highway before our car had the chance to pass under it or even get close to it, and much to our dismay the object came to a complete stop above H highway. As our car came to a screeching halt, it slid up under the object and stalled out. Sitting in the middle of the highway, my cousin and I stared up at the object, still believing that it was some sort of a helicopter, when we both noticed that the object was making no sound, it was not moving, and the unknown object hovered silently not 30 to 40 feet above us. In fear, my cousin rolled up his window and we sat silently staring up at the craft. [item moved/CMS/nd] turned to me and asked 1what do you think it is?1 To which by this time I realized that neither of us knew the answer to his question. The object had three lights on its underside that were extremely bright. These lights formed a triangular shape and the light source did not waver in energy, in fact, the lights were so bright that the whole highway was illuminated as though it was daytime. After sitting motionless above the highway for what I believe was approximately two minutes, the craft began to slowly move diagonal from its original route and hovered to a clearing in the open field that lay to the right of my car. The object hovered just above the tree tops, almost brushing them as it passed over them, until it had reached an opening in the field. The object stops again and then, much to our dismay, starts to turn onto its side and then slowly lower itself to the ground. So close to the ground in fact, that I could see the silhouette of the field grass as the light from the two back lights shined through them. After sitting at ground level for no longer than one minute, the object slowly left our side and made its way down the forest that rested to its immediate right. The object then leveled back out flat to the ground as it traveled and after flying about 300 yards, it ascended at a 30 degree angle. It flew up into the night sky, never to be seen again by my cousin or myself. After much deliberation, my cousin and I agreed that we had not experienced any lost time nor have we ever found any explanation for what we witnessed.
