{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-21 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523923","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/923/mufon-5523923.json","updb_database_id":5523923}
More Orbs In Michigan Thumb Area

My husband, nephew, and I, were just driving home from karate, and saw an enormous orange orb in the sky. We see these at least 2-4 times each week, so it1s not really that big of a deal at this point (I1ve already put a report in on the MUFON site). However, this orb was a little different.

Tuesday night, on our way home (we were driving west), we saw a large orange orb in the twilight sky, and right as we lost it behind some trees, it flashed rapidly between red and white, then between red and orange. We watched the orb move farther south, over a period of about 40 minutes. By the time we got home at about 9pm, the orb was pretty far away and looked like a faint star that was moving slowly south west.

We thought it could be one of the orange orbs we see all the time, but couldn1t say for certain, because the orb didn1t do anything that couldn1t be attributed to some type of aircraft.

Tonight (Sept. 21, at approximately 10pm), we were driving home from karate (heading east), and we saw a very bright orange light in the southern part of the sky. It didn1t seem to be moving and looked very far away, so we figured it had to be a star or something. My husband tried to find it with google sky on his smart phone, but couldn1t. However, the object didn1t seem to be moving, and it was in the same spot earlier in the week, so we decided it was probably just a star.

So, about a mile away from home, (about 40 minutes later), my nephew was like, 1what1s that in the sky?1 We started talking about the object again, and I noted how it had moved up in the south-west part of the sky, and was now higher on the horizon. Just then, my husband looked up, and the orb flashed white for a split-second, then vanished. 

We tried to guess how far away it was, but considering that we don1t know how big it was, it1s hard to say. If I had to guess, I1d say it was about 50 miles south, maybe about 20 miles or so, west of Detroit. But that1s just a guess.

My husband, who normally writes off all orange orbs that aren1t right above him, as airplanes with their landing lights on, flying in on approach, could not attribute this to any aircraft.

Seriously, we see these things so much now, that after the object vanished, we just sort of shrugged, then went about our business. Also, the MUFON form to report a sighting is extremely long and detailed. If I had to fill this thing out every time I saw a UFO, I'd probably freak out. As it stands, this is only my second report, and we've been seeing these things regularly since July.
