{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-21 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487923","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/923/mufon-5487923.json","updb_database_id":5487923}
{rjl} They Say it was possibly a

So this morning I awake at 4:58am (cause I looked at my clock) to a HUM or "frequency" tone outside. I live next to the ocean- so we have sirens in case of emergencies like Tsunamis our sirens tones change and are not a constant tone. And also go off in multiples.
This was one singular tone, not crazy loud but loud enough to wake me up from a dead sleep, never changing in sound/ frequency or vibration but one solid tone for close to 45 minutes. I laid in bed for about 5 minutes just listening in to that one tone humming away. I usually get up by 5:15-5:30 so I decide "I need to just get up- cannot snooze with this sound anyways" So I get outta bed and immediately go to the door and go outside. I have two dogs who didn't seem bothered in the slightest. I turn on my porch light and stand there for about 5 minutes to see if my neighbors may come out and see what the sound is. No one seems to hear it or come out so I look up and around- see nothing and go back in the house. I turn on my TV lay on the couch with my dogs and then the hum outside abruptly stops at id say about quarter to 6am. I think to myself "thank goodness" 
at around 6:30 I went outside to my car to grab a certain pair of shoes I left in the car from the work day before to only look up and see this white and blueish hued smoke trail with a big RED ball of light zipping around and I almost fell over my jaw fell. Id say more than half of this design photographed was already completed by the time I had seen it was near the tail end of its "path" it moved in all directions at some points seemingly stopping in mid air and changing course. And before I knew it it show to the left and vanished. 
Baffled from what I had just seen I ran into the house and grabbed my Ipad and started taking photos. A neighbor of mine is witness to this from his regular morning walk.
I go to work at about 7am everyday so I took as many decent pics as I could and zipped to work! I had to show a coworker before this floating trail disappeared. 
I get to work run in and tell my coworker to come outside And he proceeds and he sees some of the same remaining trail, I proceed to tell him what i saw and show him my ipad pictures and I say to him "It was a red ball of light" and we looked back up as i pointed to the area in the sky and we both witnessed the red ball of light appear and then vanish in the morning sky.
Many people around my county have taken pictures of this as well. So there are literally probably hundreds of people who witnessed this event

Side note:
We have an Airforce base 58 miles away. And the base said it was "likely" some kind of missle they sent out this morning. I saw it in the east which would have been over san luis obispo but the missle was said to be shot off west over the ocean and 58 miles south... Sightings stretched from templeton to arroyo grande due east- not over the ocean at all. But this is no missle I have ever seen nor has my neighbor or my coworker and why would it reappear? or changed directions so quickly?
