{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-05-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492923","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/923/mufon-5492923.json","updb_database_id":5492923}
{cak} A tallish blonde woman figure came out of nowhere during early hours

Was during the early hours of the morning. I was consistently awake all night feeling uneasy. I finally fell asleep only to shortly be awakened paralyzed hearing a wub wub wub in my ears. A brief moment later this, what appeared to be a blonde woman like figure about 5 feet tall manifested out of the center of the room and came towards me. Now I'm really scared now and trying to move to get away from it. There was some type of scanner or device in it's hand and it started scanning my genitals, I could feel the heat from the device. The device was emitting a white laser light dim beam that didn't appear to have a light signature on the blankets. The event was quite uncomfortable as I was still fighting to move while my genitals were consistently getting hotter. I finally was able to move, though it was not graceful at all by any means and reached up as best as I could and grabbed the arm of this "lady", as soon as I did it looked surprised and backed up with me still holding on and vanished into the air again while I fell semi out of bed and able to catch myself before hitting the floor. This was the first encounter and most memorable, as I don't remember the others but I always wake up and try to move when I hear that wub wub or static sound in my sleep. Once in Afghanistan it happened to me also but I had woken when I heard the noises and had my rifle in my lap. It appeared and shined a reddish light at me then immediately vanished, unable to identify it other than it was not a blonde female that time, but was the same height. these two "sightings" are about 6 years apart.

I hope it's not a bother but I'm going to put everything in this one submission. I am military, events of this nature happened even before I joined. It was never up close that I have seen a UFO, but my wife has seen it right above our house before, it doesn't emit light at all. But its the same type of ufo I see when I see it or what I would hope is the same. Never have seen a different variation. It's always right above me or out of my eye sight and mostly daytime when I have this weird feeling to just look up in the air like a crazy person. It is a definitive disk with what appears to be two disks in one similar to looking at a plate from the bottom and it is metallic. It has never emitted any light that I have seen. But I have seen it at every house that I have moved to. I believe it is the same craft every time. It has to be, there's no way it just shows up randomly following me around the world.

I do not want to be contacted or sought after or otherwise interviewed. I have a clearance with the federal government that is in no way related to my personal events, I'm a veteran and I'm a military member. I wish to remain completely anonymous.
