{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-19 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291923","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/923/mufon-5291923.json","updb_database_id":5291923}
light shining from underside of object.

Was camping on Deschutes river. Woke up around 2 am to pee. Looked towards ridge to the east and saw a light hovering above the ridge and moving slowly, but erratically back and forth, up and down. Light was brightest thing in the sky, moon was not present. Not as large as moon appears, maybe 1/4 size of moon. Had yellow tint to light. Light was hovering and slowly moving back and forth and slowly moving towards the south. Could see the light being moved like the object emitting it was occasionally blocking part of it. The light was sometimes round but other times looked like a figure 8 or slightly heart shaped. I think it looked different as it rotated away from me. Got brighter and dimmer for well over an hour. It slowly moved south but did not gain much altitude if any. Woke up friend who confirmed that I was not seeing things. It always stayed within sort of an area of stars. It never went up past whatever star was above it, etc... and it moved south at the same general path as the rotation of the earth makes stars seem like they're moving. So in an hour, it always stayed within the same section of night sky even as the earth rotated. It seemed like it moved around too much for it to have been outside of the atmosphere though. No towns in that area. Five hours after massive thunderstorms, but sky was clear by then.  Thought it could be a balloon, at 3 a.m. with a light on it? Except that it would have to be tethered to a moving vehicle because it never went up and it clearly moved south several miles. There isn't much for people that way. I went back to sleep and it was still doing it's thing.
