{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5504677.json","updb_database_id":5504677}
Was alone. Was traveling almost planelike until I noticed it, then it began to move back and forth and hover. It seemed to have notice me and responded to my call,

It was a cloudy night, close to midnight. I had just stepped out of my car to get some fresh air as I waited for a friend to come out of the house. As I often do, I looked around the environment for any interesting signs or patterns which I could derive meaning out of in connection to my life experience in that moment. Syncronistly, earlier that day my daughter put a picture, drawn and colored with crayon, she found while cleaning her room, on my desk which, to me, looked like a UFO against the dark night sky and give me a feeling that my first, very anticipated, UFO sighting was at hand. So, with these feelings brewing inside me, I looked around for a sign. After a few seconds, I found, in the dirt behind my car, what looked like a shape drawn into the dirt, closely resembeling the UFO in the picture my daughter gave me (triangular shaped with a smaller triangle hovering seperately). As soon as I saw it, a thought and feeling came upon me, urging me to look up. So, I did and, sure enough, there it was. I thought it might be a plane at first with its lights set and blinking as it flew its path, but as I observed it, I noticed a red center light with blue lights at either sided which began to circle the object as it moved along. Then, as the reality set in that this could actually be a real UFO, my inclination was confirmed as I watched it stop in mid-flight and begin to manuever in ways that only a UFO can, as far as I know. It came slowly back towards me then quickly changed direction and went back the other way again. Then, it hovered for a moment and descended- I could not tell how far down because there was a big two-story house in the way. Full of wonder, amazement, and gratefulness, a hurried back towards the road to get a better vantage point from which I might see it. Then, I began calling out quietly but with a firm focused intent, "I'm here, I'm here..." (I remembered learning that raising ones vibration to be more in tune with theirs often brings them back). It worked! It came back up and moved towards me, close enough for me to hear a pulsating hum coming from it, as if to acknowledge that it was aware of my presence and my awareness of it. Then, it did something truly amazing! It hovered back to where it first descended, but this time it shot straight up into the clouds to where all I could see was a dim reddish glow - it looked like a star. "Is this how they camaflauge themselves at times?", I thought. Then, it descended back down again and I had a feeling the experience had finished.
I am so grateful and honored to have been given that opportunity to be witneess to the grace and spectacle of that amazing extraterrestrial craft.
I will definately be looking forward to seeing them again if and when our vibrations once again align. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
