{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-11 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8291,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5451677.json","updb_database_id":5451677}
Saw five or six UFOs hovering above my village

For the past decade, several incidents happened to me, leaving me sometimes riddled, sometimes confused, bust mostly frightened. It all began in December of 2009. I rode my bike home from a small town towards a small village where I lived. Both places are connected via a small road where rarely people pass by, and at that time, night time to be exact, no one was there except me. The weird thing is not that I saw a UFO. But I saw five or six at the same time. It looked like a whole fleet. If you are wondering what they did: they did nothing. Absolutely nothing. I just saw five or six UFOs with all the same lighting. They had red and blue blinking lights. At first I thought it was an airplane. But so many airplanes do not fly like this this. Especially not in the area I lived in. This was my first encounter with the phenomenon itself.

The real deal happened later on. Sometimes in 2010 I looked at the night sky and saw the same lights far, far away. I did not thought on UFOs until I got interested in the topic. The weird thing happened though, as I looked out of my window, in a small village where many people do not watch the sky, I saw a UFO flying right above my head. It was so close, that I could see it in its entirety. It looked like a triangle and had a rectangle light shining onto me. This is what most consider the “standard” UFO. This is, as far as I know, the most reported UFO form since the phenomenon has been reported and analyzed. I can add a nifty detail: sound deeming. At first I thought I just imagined it, but I got so scared that I wanted to hear the highway near my house, which I usually hear. I wanted to hear an animal, an insect or even someone in my household. But it was dead quiet. I did not hear a single thing. 

This incident did not leave me frightened though. I was a teenager at that time and just found it cool. I did not think about it, I did not reflect on it. It just happened and I was not caring. The thing continued though. For many years I did not watch the sky and saw no UFOs at all. It all began in 2017. In Winter to be exact. As I was waiting for the bus, the train or simply walked home; I'd see an UFO ALL – THE – TIME. Rectangle with red and blue blinking lights. Which made no single sound! No swooshing, zooming, zapping or humming. The thing is, I moved from a lonely village into a roaring city. I guess others would have seen it when they would have looked up. This happens to me to this day. Every Winter time, when everything is dark and shrouded, I see those UFOs. At first I thought they were drones. But who commands these drones? Who is following me? For what reason? Hence they must be UFOs operated who whomever do operate them. 

The story continued with watching a program related to your research. In my country, Germany, a local TV channel broadcasted the series Hangar One from your country, the US. I watched a few episodes and was simply fascinated. I think I started watching it in 2015 or 2016. I caught up to the more harmless ones. The ones with the sightings, experts explaining. But now, in 2020, I caught up two episodes which described highly disturbing things (to me at least.) The case of an abduction in New York City, where a woman thought she'd dream and was seen floating in the air and later had been found a chip in her head. Then there was the case where a man could see “through walls” and see “the universe.” This was the case of 1979, where a man drove 30 miles, only to be abducted and put down 100 miles away to his goal. He crossed 130 miles but only drove 30. I hope you remember. 

Key is, after I watched these episodes, these things happened to me. At first I thought I was just being tired, somewhat fatigued and down. Because as I walked down the corridor of my kitchen in the morning, I saw an alien standing in front of my door. I first I just imagined it, because it was in the blink of an eye. It was over before I realized it. I saw “through” the wall of my house so to speak. If you wonder how it looked like, it had bleach white skin, a small head and a body without clothes on. I did not feel fear, till today, I was just baffled and confused. The hard stuff happened a few days later. As I lied down in my bed, I, and I don't know how to report this, “saw” the universe. I saw stars and light like a description of a science-fiction novel. Or like some sort of Star Trek depiction of space. This was only the build up. As I lied down in my bed, two incident happened at the same time. I saw “through” my roof and saw a UFO the shape of a triangle, but with before unseen details. It had three rings in each corner, and these rings had one smaller and one bigger ring with lighting in it. I think this is pretty unique for a “sighting.” The same thing happened when I “saw” through the roof and saw a tractor beam. For a brief, a very, very brief moment, I felt like I was floating above my bed. Both incident happened so fast, that I did not realize until they were over. This is my story so far.

As I close this report, I wanted to share my thought on the UFO subject and phenomenon in general. I think that aliens have the same for UFO what we have for cars. Just that UFOs can cross the universe. So, aliens just come and go as they please. Why exactly they show up to humans, I don't know (like no one does). I think they either like scaring humans or they just are curious to see someone very up-close. They can probably travel freely the universe as they please. I had to think about the secrecy of governments and military. I think the worst thing is, that people who came too close got killed. The list, as presented by your organization, goes into the dozens. For my part, there is no reason to keep things secret. If we knew we were not alone, not much would change. I mean, what could change? Nothing. And if aliens wanted to let us know we are not alone, they'd initiated the First Contact themselves. 

I think aliens don't care for Earth. Even thought some signs indicated that they tried to prevent nuclear arms from being used and showed up around military bases all around the globe. I think the creepiest part is, that everyone who came in contact with a UFO dies. Like the four soldiers in your documentation. Or the case of Virginha, Brazil. Where an alien has been sighted, touched and then the police officer died two weeks later. Many, many others report of radiation, burns, infliction with several diseased at the same time. I believe if aliens could turn it off, they'd do it. It must be their own code of security to secure themselves from contact, hence I think the UFO phenomenon can never be resolved entirely until our governments open up about it.

If you take everything into account, and the more you take into account, the less it makes sense. We have hundreds of thousands of sightings by military, pilots, citizens and stuff. We have sightings of UFOs, sighings of aliens, sightings of strange phenomena. The more you add to it, the less it makes sense. Why all that? Why all this secrecy? What game is played here? Who benefits from alien technology when there is no human to enjoy it? The only explanation is a nasty one: some humans are allowed to participated in living in the universe. There is the NASA hack of “extra terrestrial personnel” or the diary of Raegen with his mentioning of people being in outer space. This must be kept secret. People should not know what is really out there. And for reasons of benefit, knowledge, weapons, materials; these agencies are working closely with aliens for reason I cannot even imagine.
