{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-17 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5469677.json","updb_database_id":5469677}
{rjl} Black object with glowing white

Had been observing Pleiades cluster through telescope (I am an amateur astronomer). I was taking a break from observing for a minute. I looked up at the sky (I believe I was considering what to point the telescope at next.) There seemed to be a black object moving against the background of stars. It was difficult to see, but it appeared to have a round outline. There seemed to be something like a crescent / semi-circular arc of cloudy white vapor near the forward edge of the object. The vapor was faintly illuminated. It was very difficult to judge size or distance to the object.
 I think my first thought was that the object was a cloud, but it was moving too fast, moving against what little wind there was, and had too regular a shape. I assumed that if I kept watching it, I'd be able to figure out what it was.
 It was moving too fast for me to train my telescope on it. (Went from about 75 degrees above the horizon to about 15 degrees above the horizon in about 60 seconds.)
 The object appeared black or possibly transparent. Almost like a lens that was distorting the images of the stars behind it. 
 The object appeared to hold a steady course and speed towards the North-West, moving much like a jet aircraft as far as I could tell. I moved my position by about ten feet while watching it to try to get a clearer view (there was one small, leafless tree obscuring). 
 I lost sight of the object when a car drove through the neighborhood and the car headlights (pointed almost straight at me) made it very difficult to see anything else. After the car left, I was not longer able to see the object which had been nearing the point where it would have been obscured by nearby houses and trees in any case.
 I saw a jet airliner a few moments later. The jet followed a path approximately perpendicular to that of the 'object' and about 35 degrees above the western horizon. I saw no indication that the jet was aware of the other object.
The sight of the jet did give me a good reference for comparison. The object had seemed to move at approximately the same angular speed as the jet. If I assume that the object was moving at the same speed and at the same altitude (which I know is a lot to assume), then it would have been immense: a diameter at least 3 times the length of the 727 that passed through about 60 seconds later.
The sky was clear with excellent visibility. There were no clouds. The temperature was around 40 Fahrenheit.
 I would speculate that the object might have been some kind of stealth aircraft...possibly a B2? It was very difficult to judge exact shape and size: basically I observed a black object against a black background. My impression was that the object was very large and basically circular, but I suppose it is possible that it could have been 'wing-shaped.' Also, the object made no discernible sound (most air-traffic in this area is audible), and the "crescent of white vapor" at the leading edge was puzzling. Also, there were no conventional aircraft lights of any kind on the object. We are only 20 miles from a major airport and 5 miles from a small airport. There is considerable air traffic at that hour of the night. It seems very odd that even a military aircraft would operate without running lights of any kind in this area. If the object was a B2, then it should have been close enough for engine noise to be easily discernible. I heard nothing.
 After going into my house for a few minutes, I came back out to investigate several possible causes for what I saw (some kind of reflection? my own breath condensing somehow? some kind of spot light? a flock of birds somehow reflecting city lights? a drone? a blimp? a balloon?) None of these explanations seems to fit what I saw. It was too regular in outline for a flock of birds or a cloud. It was moving too fast for some of the other explanations, and it did not make Any sound. Also, a drone or other small object should have shown a much smaller angular size as it moved away from me. This object seemed to grow only slightly smaller as it moved towards the horizon, which would seem to indicate that it was at a considerable distance from me even when it was almost overhead.
 I was calm both during and after the incident. Even though it is St. Patrick's Day, I have not consumed any alcohol in over 24 hours. My major reaction was to think, "I'm sure I can figure this out if I just think long enough." However, I have grown increasingly certain that no conventional explanation (that I can think of) completely fits what I observed. I wanted to post this while the memory is still fresh in my mind.
 To me the identity of object remains unknown.
