{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-12 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2878,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5283677.json","updb_database_id":5283677}
Traveled at high rate of speed from west to east. Flashed very bright. Two other object flashed. All three objects disappeared.

On Friday, December 12th, 2021, I was working as a consulting on an oil and gas workover job just off of New Bremen Road about two miles south of FM 1094 in Austin County, Texas. At approximately 7:30 P.M., the sun had set and it had already gotten dark on us while finishing up procedures for the day. My truck was facing south and running for the support of headlights. We finished the procedure and shutdown operations for the night. The crew return to there doghouse to change out of their work clothes before leaving the location. I returned to my truck and although the headlights were still on the engine was not running. Standing in the doorway on the drivers side I reached inside an turned the ignition to start. The engine attempted to auto start and then shutdown. I returned the ignition switch to off turning off all lights at the same time. Still standing outside my truck and facing west, I observed an intensely bright light, starting at about 30 degrees from the western horizon, coming form the west at a high rate of speed. The object continued towards the east at about 80 degrees from the south horizon. It traveled to about 20 degrees in the eastern horizon within about 5 to 7 seconds. I viewed the object getting smaller as it traveled away from me towards the east for a few seconds more. The object suddenly flashed 3 or 4 times its closest observer size. A second later another flash appeared and disappeared just above and to the right of the first object. A second after the second flash a third flash appeared and disappeared level and the the right of the first object. After the third flash the first object disappeared. I restarted my truck without incident. I first thought it was a satellite. I realized it was not a satellite as it got bigger the closer overhead it got. It was clearly moving very high rate of speed with no sound whatsoever. After seeing the 3 flashes and it disappear, I thought holy shit I just saw a UFO. After talking to a few family and friends about it, I decided I probably should report it to someone. Please contact me if you have any questions or if you have any explanation for what it was. Thanks.
