{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30049","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5525677.json","updb_database_id":5525677}
2 round orbs equal distance apart moving together in all different directions.

While talking on a cellphone on my patio I observed 2 orbs about the size of a pencil eraser held at arms length that appeared to stay at a constant distance apart (about the distance of two fingers held an inch apart at arms length). They were observed at an altitude that ranged from my neighbor's rooftop (about 10 degrees) to about 30 degrees in the SSW sky from Queen Creek, AZ. I had no reference to judge distance to the objects, but with my naked eye I would guess between 3-10 miles. The orbs moved fairly slowly at times back and forth, and up and down, and would occasionally twirl around one another before returning to a back and forth or up and down movement, then after a minute or two they would drop below my view blocked by my neighbor's rooftop. Then a couple of minutes later they would rise above my neighbor's rooftop and again go through similar maneuvers. The objects were a very bright pure white light that maintained the apparent same intensity at all times they were viewed. I only viewed the objects twice between 11:00pm to 11:15pm from my patio. I looked for them several other times but never saw them again. At first I assumed the objects were fireworks from the 4th of July, or airplane landing lights; but neither fireworks nor landing lights could perform the maneuvers of the objects. At no time did I hear any type of noise coming from the objects, and there was no trailing tail of light as they moved. Also, the objects appeared to move in a straight line when they moved, then stop for a moment, and then move in a straight line in a different direction. The exception was when they would occasionally spin around one another, but even while spinning they appeared to move in a straight line.
