{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-12 23:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2878,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5471677.json","updb_database_id":5471677}
Saw a bright star which after a closer look(with a camera) revealed a typical flying saucer.

I was on the balcony(I live in a mountain town near the Sofia capital in Bulgaria). I was drinking tea (I like to drink tea in the open and look at the stars occasionally for the fresh air). It was nighttime close to midnight and I was planing to go to sleep after that. 
At the corner of my eye (right-side) my mind said "Look!". I don't know very well the stars, but because of my habit of going out and drinking tea, my mind I guess had subconsciously memorised them and spotted something unusual. Between two stars, there was a bright star, that usually was not there. I immediately concentrated on the unusual "thing". After observing it for the period of, I guess, 5 seconds I noticed what appeared to be movement. I remembered I had a camera with 50x zoom. I went in and took the camera with me. I managed to zoom in on the object (now having moved to the left a little) and after I zoomed in all the way, I saw a typical flying saucer. I was in shock. 
Now let me describe what I saw in detail: The object was shaped like a flattened diamond. In the middle it was glowing white and the upper and lower parts were glowing in bright light-blue. There was a red dot in the middle (white part). The glowing was a kind of glowing I have never seen. It was glowing almost like a neon light but not exactly. It looked like it was the colour a fire would emit, very condensed. The lights did were stable and did not change in colour and were not blinking in any manner. 
I was looking at the object for several seconds when I realised I had a camera and I should press record, but because I was zoomed in and any movement would make me loose the object form my sight and because I had caught the camera ( out of hurry, I guess) in a very awkward way, I struggled to press the record button and keep the object in my side at the same. I finally managed to press record, but then I noticed the object was not in my view. I looked at it with the naked eye and to my astonishment the object had moved way to the left and upwards. It was at the top of the mountain now. I tried to capture it again, but then it just flew away very fast. (Also I remember it was in mid October, 2017, but exact date is unknown.)
