{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-16 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66853","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5492677.json","updb_database_id":5492677}
{rjl} During a Fathers day get together, myself and 6 other people observed 6 glowing orange lights/objects in the sky. They moved north in a straight line at a steady pace, once they each reached a spot in the sky they disappeared.

It was Fathers Day weekend 2013, we where having a get together for the holiday. My self, my husband justin, my father rob, his long-time girlfriend lynn, and two neighborhood friends where at my house that nigth. It was around 10pm when my dad decided to go outback and put some more steaks on the grill because him, lynn, and myself where all hungry again. He had been out on the back porch with lynn maybe 20 mins, when i heard frantic yelling from my dad to come out back. Everyone in the house immediately ran to my dad thinking surely there had been some kind of accident. What we saw when we stepped through the backdoor stunned us all.
Immediately after stepping on the porch we all saw 6 glowing orange lights in the sky. As I gazed at the lights i had no clue what i was seeing, but it occured to me rather quickly this was something id never seen before in my life. The lights definately not any aircraft id ever seen, and they where all too big and too uniform to be a lanturn or something of that sort. I immediately ran up the steps to the upstairs neighbors balcony to get a better view as the tall trees and thick treeline of the backyard was blocking my view. Once my vantage point was better i reached for my phone to try to get a video but to my surprise it was completely dead when it should have had atleast 1/2 a battery left. I remember feeling awestruck, i just could not believe what we where seeing. I remember asking my husband, 
"Are you seeing this? Can you believe what we're seeing?". Later I couldn't believe I wasn't scared. This is exactly what i remember seeing, almost two years exactly to the date as i write this:
I observed 6 glowing orange oval shaped lights traveling at a constant speed in the sky. The lights where in the eastern sky traveling north, they where all traveling the same constant speed, and the first 5 where all equally spaced in a line the last light trailed behind the first 5 but was traveling in the same line as the others. They made no sound, and didnt seem to cast light but just glowed. We watched these strange lights travel across the sky before us for 2-3 mins, it could have been less time but its hard to say, when you see something like that time is like it is when your waiting for police or emergency vehicles to arrive after an accident, one minute just seems to take 5 times longer then normal. Then it got stranger, the first light just dissappeared. It was there then it wasn't. Then as the other 5 lights reached the same exact spot in the sky they also disappeared. The event was over, we all looked at eachother in disbelief and awe. The next day i didnt hear anything about it on the new, which surprised me surely other people had to have seen this, and a small airport is down the street, butler county regoinal airport. Later anytime i told this story to people, i always say afterward, "And thats my UFO story, im not saying they where drove by aliens, but they where definately unidentified flying objects."
