{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-13 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5473677.json","updb_database_id":5473677}
{cak} Large, slow, low,

I had just dropped off my son's girlfriend and was leaving her house. I got to the stop sign and was looking left, no cars, looked right, no cars, I looked back to the left and noticed a dark object floating at my 11:00 position. I sat at the stop sign a minute, kind of dazed and wondering what the heck was I looking at. The object was dark, and I could only make out the outline of its shape when I saw the red lights on either side (left and right) blink. It looked like a football field size and was low to the ground. I also noticed a white light blinking on the top and bottom of what I was seeing. I was thinking that whatever it was would surely crash so I turned onto the route and continued to watch it. I turned off the radio in the car and rolled down the windows, I couldn't hear any engines. Nothing. I was on a "country" road so there were no other cars at the time to interfere sound or sight wise. I pulled over and watched it slowly float towards the south-west and I still could not hear any noise coming from it. 

I had to get home, so I started to drive again but I kept looking over at it (it was to my left side). I was totally mesmerized. I could not figure out what I was looking at. I thought maybe it’s a glider. But at night and so incredibly large?? I thought it was bigger than a small plane (like a 6-passenger craft), but I thought it was smaller than the size of a 747. I was completely captivated by this object, and I continued to look over at the craft as I was driving. I was so "drawn" to look at it. I cannot explain how strange I felt looking at it, but I didn't want to look away. I did not even think to try and record a video or take a picture with my cell phone, but I am not sure anything would show up except the blinking red lights or white lights. I thought this might be a military aircraft of some sort. 

I got home and immediately told my teenage boys and they said "cool, probably a plane". No, I don't think a plane would be silent when that low to the ground. I saw my mom the next day and told her that I have no idea what it might be, and she suggested a blimp possibly. I think that might be what it was, but it was just so much larger than any blimp I have ever seen. I tried googling for images of blimps, but none look like what I observed. Anyway, I have seen satellite's glide across their arc above my backyard, I love to stargaze; I get a text message anytime the international space station is going to be visible to my area so I can go wave hello; I love meteor showers and I am fascinated by space. I truly believe that we are not alone in the vast expanse that is out there...I cannot say if I saw an alien craft. I saw something awesome that I cannot identify. I really thought long and hard about should I reach out to report this. I guess I don't really want anyone to get back to me with "Oh that is a new weather balloon". I guess I like the idea that I witnessed something amazing and unexplained. Thank you for your time.
