{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5488677.json","updb_database_id":5488677}
Dark black Oblong silhouette with 4 oblong shaped strip like lights on the base that initially was bright but dimmed whilst over head to a orange or golden color and then brightened gain once over the house This object made absolutely no sound and had no

In late September of 2002 I was living in lodgings in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, one night I couldn't get to sleep so I decided to look up at the night sky as it was a clear moonless night.

When suddenly an oblong shaped silhouette started blocking out the stars and it grew larger as it approached the dormitory/ single story house where I was living it had 4 Bright strip like lights on the base of the object and that dimmed when overhead it moved silently and slowly over head until it vanished over the horizon.

When I reported what I saw the next day I had a surprise visit from the very real men in black, and not in the comical sense of the meaning, they introduced them selves as being from the department of the air force and took my statement down in writing and got me to sign a non disclosure form or gagging order which I was told was part of the Official Secrets Act & It would be a treasonable offense to mention what I had seen to anyone, and that I would be imprisoned if I told anyone in a mental institute, But here I am years later talking about what I witnessed because I don't believe it should be covered up.

While I can't conclusively proof that I saw this object as I have no photos of it I do get flash backs of the event to this day and believe that I saw something that night as I Know I am not crazy. 

I also experienced Missing time afterwards as I lost track of 1-2 hours in time from when I first witnessed the object to when I recalled it the next day and I remember the TV flickering on and then off as and the lights in the bed room being effected because they also flickered on and off at the same time.

the object omitted a static electrical current and seemed to have an electrical/atmospheric haze around the edges of the object.

also dogs near by started to bark and other animals like birds in the trees where also effected because they where flying away from trees like they had been scared by a threatening yet nu-seen presence or in-viable electrical magnetic field or pulse wave.

I don't know if this object could have been extraterrestrial or man made as the object was something I have never seen before in my life and I am a keen aviation spotter as it's part of my hobbies and would know if it was any craft i could have easily identified as I have magazines regarding all known military/civil aviation projects.

All I can say is it was a UFO in the traditional sense as I could not identify it. 

please contact me via my email address if needed.
