{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5482677.json","updb_database_id":5482677}
A V shaped object with one orange light at the front and 2 more on each side. Appeared and disappeared in seconds above my apartment. Looked very thin.

I live on the last floor of an apartment building where there is an opening where I can see the sky and there are two towers 19.69 feet apart from each other and about 26.25 high. It was night time and I went out to see the stars. I rarely do it. Suddenly I saw this black V shaped object about 6.56 wide and maybe the same size long and very thin. Under the object, on the front bottom was a round orange light and under both wings 2 more orange lights. It was very near to one of the towers. It appeared in the middle of the towers and went North. 

When I saw it I felt much peace and joy! I ran to the edge of the apartment to see it as it went above the tower and to my surprise it disappeared. There were no clouds, the sky was clear. The moment it disappeared, 2 enormous white owls appeared. My thought was "if the owls were in any way linked to the object"!

The feeling of peace and joy continued on for days for it touched me deeply. The owls continued to appear for weeks close to my porch. One of the nights one of them almost went thru my room window. They would be around my apartment and I'd even talk to them. Till one night an insect which I don't like frightened me and I stopped going to the porch. They never came back. Only this year did I hear their sound again but they never came near again.

I do believe my vibration lowered and it affected the owls.

I have tried to find a picture that would look similar to what I saw and what I found follows although the one I saw was much smaller.
