{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5292677.json","updb_database_id":5292677}
A star like light appeared from behind another very bright star in the sky. Moved across the sky and began to descend, lights dimmed out like dimmer

A star like light appeared from behind another very bright star in the sky. Moved across the sky and began to descend, lights dimmed out like a dimmer switch. The light looked like a large bright star that had a light that slowly lit up and when it was descending it looked like someone slowly dimmed the light out. It was moving in a completely inconsistent pattern unlike any plane, helicopter, satellite, meteorite or anything else I have ever seen. Also when I woke up I had a very instant strange feeling that I should look out the window at the brightest star in the sky. About 2 seconds after that this light appeared from nowhere from behind the star I felt compelled to look towards. The light was as large as any star and it was very very far away. judging by the distance it was likely moving very fast but as I was so far away it seemed slow. its speed was inconsistent. I was hoping it would zip across the sky in a flash but it did not . Instead it began to look like it was landing very far away. and thats when the lights began to slowly dim out. not flicker or go out like a meteorite might do . I was hoping to take video but my phones battery was at zero percent so I just watched it . It was also so far away that it would not have been that impressive compared to videos from others that I have seen. None the less I cant figure out what this was that I watched in the sky. It just looked like a star decided to create itself from out of nowhere and begin to move and than decide to land. But I would assume up close this would have been a massive craft of some kind .
