{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-10 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285677","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/677/mufon-5285677.json","updb_database_id":5285677}
Car sized, Egg shaped object, sounding like a kite in wind slowly flew past 3rd Story Office blding 2pm. Took up multiple locations at once.

I worked in an office building in north Central Phoenix in an urban area on the 3rd floor. Our office had an outside balcony that you could step out to. A friend since high school worked with me and had a window seat. Occasionally a raven would fly to the balcony with a kill and eat it in front of us. One day he called me over to the window and I dismissed him in middle of my email assuming it was just another Raven. My friend in a agitated voice demanded I come immediately. As I stood I could see a craft flying past the building at perhaps 10 miles an hour. The craft was the size of maybe a Hummer, but oval shaped. We ran out to the balcony and watched it as it moved past the building. It was at the same level as us. It was white on the top half and light gray on the the bottom. Along the seam line there was distortion. The sound was sort of a kite in the wind noise. It slightly fluttered as it flew, and I remember thinking the craft was riding thermals. Once the craft had passed us and we were watching it from behind, it suddenly appeared in another place in the sky further away while at the same place where it appeared to occupy more than 1 space at the same time. Then it disappeared from the original place. It continued to crawl across the sky in this way for 15 seconds and then it started occupying several places at once and became extraordinarily difficult to see. I had to squint as if looking at the sun in order to keep my eye on it and it disappeared.
