{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-29 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75497","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5484340.json","updb_database_id":5484340}
Two fireball/orb UFOs in the sky above East Wittering

I observed the first object, which appeared like a large, orange star, with a sort of aura of colour around a brighter core, as I was leaving a friend's house and getting into another friend's car with them. I noticed the object because just as I was about to turn the corner out of the driveway to the curb where we were parked, I felt a sort of 'pull' inside my head to look in the direction of the object, and saw the written words "Look over there" 'in the front' of my mind (that's the best way I can describe it).

My friend noticed that I was looking at the object, but we didn't talk about it - UFOs are not a subject that, at present, I feel I can discuss with them so easily, and I imagine that they probably thought it was just a plane. At the time, the object was simply hovering in the sky, but as we got into the car I continued to watch it, and it began to 'drift' (it was more like sliding, like an air hockey puck) to the right, from my perspective. Its light remained constant as it did so.

As we turned onto the main road out of the residential area we were in, the orange object began to softly, gently pulsate, like a throbbing 'dimmer' then 'brighter' then 'dimmer', etc., and started to turn gradually paler in colour.

As we drove on our route back from East Wittering to Chichester, the object stopped moving again. About 3-4 minutes after my sighting of it had started, it had become white in colour and dimmer. It also flashed a few times, like the way lights flash on the bottom of planes. When it stopped flashing, a second object just like it, with the same dimness, and also white, faded into view 'beneath' it and to its right(from my perspective). It drifted slowly to the right the way the other one had before. About a minute later it had stopped moving and both objects were hovering in the sky, at a constant height and in one place.

My last sighting of the two objects was after we went round a bend in the road. I noticed that they were getting closer, and then our car passed them by (they were to the right of us). Then my line of sight of them became blocked by trees. By that point, the second object had become red in colour, and the first was starting to turn back to its original orange colour.

This is not the first time that I've seen UFOs of this type - I've also seen UFOs of other types before as well, both in England and in New Zealand, many times in the company of other eyewitnesses.

At the time of the sighting, particularly as we approached Chichester, a few planes were visible in the sky, with their typical light configurations. I've seen countless planes, helicopters, sattelites, chinese lanterns, stars, planets, etc. in my lifetime, and they're very easy to distinguish from anomalous aerial phenomena such as the two objects I witnessed tonight.
