{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-19 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5493340.json","updb_database_id":5493340}
{jpg} Bright white object stops in dead air, changes direction with unparalleled speed

It was a warm, clear Saturday evening in the suburbs of Portland. I returned from the theater with my mother and we both decided to sit outside on her back deck and enjoy the warm weather. It was exceptionally dark and, living in Los Angeles, I noticed that the sky was clear and you could see an abundance of stars. The time was approximately 9:30-10pm on 7/19/14.

As I'm looking at the big pine trees surrounding her neighbors' houses, my mother comments on an airplane that is flying across the sky. The object was far enough away that I could not detect a shape, size, etc. It simply looked, at that time, like an airplane in the air flying at a distance with a solid white light. The object was flying in a straight line, but much more quickly than an airplane would that far away would. Normal circumstances would dictate that, at that distance from the earth, the plane would appear as if it were flying very slowly for those on the ground.

The object flies across the sky at a steady, quick rate for approximately 3-4 seconds and stops in mid-air. It doesn't appear to move, just stop dead in its tracks. We stare at the object and each other and comment on the fact that the light/airplane is stopped in mid-air. 2-3 seconds later, the object's light starts to brighten in strength and intensity so much so that the light becomes unbelievably bright and you're almost forced to look away. It was a steady increase and did not pulse, etc. It was a consistent brightness. But at the distance away from the earth, it would not have been too noticeable unless you were specifically looking up in that direction. The neighborhood is very quiet, and I didn't notice any activity that late.

Before we could comment on the object again while it was stagnant in the air and the white light intensity had increased with such immense power, the object suddenly and without warning took off at a very, very quick pace. From my perception on the ground, the object appeared to travel away and up from me as I could see a slight tail in the light before it completely disappeared out of tight within just 2 seconds. The speed at which the object accelerated and disappeared was astonishing.

My mother and I both looked at each other in disbelief. We did not hear any sounds, see any other colors from the object except a while, bright light. But I do know that no manmade object can travel at those speeds, stop dead in the air for seconds on end, and then abruptly and without warning change directions and accelerate out of site at an enormously quick rate.
