{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-02 22:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5491340.json","updb_database_id":5491340}
{cak} On night of June 2, 2015 around 10:30 PM I saw a bright white light in the sky that was brighter than any stars that were visible.

On the night of June 2, 2015, I was outside taking out the trash as Trash day is on Wednesday. I happened to see this bright white light just above my house in the rear of the house in the dark night sky. It was a very clear night and the stars were visible. This bright light was brighter than any star in the sky and it looked to be moving from SW across the horizon. I thought it was a helicopter but I didn't here the noise of the rotor or engine. I proceeded to the back of the house and the bright light seems to be a sphere, glowing and pulsating. I went into the house to get my phone to snap a few pictures.
I was able to get a few photos and record the object on video. The duration of the event was around 40 minutes. The object seem to come closer to me and then begun to move away from me. The object moved in an unusual way, up, down, side to side and seem to "flash" from one point to another. There was static electricity in the air, as the hair on my arms and neck seemed to stand up light after a strong electrical storm. The object didn't make any noise, not like a plane or helicopter, but a very low pulsating hum. I have never heard a noise like this from any machine I have ever come in contact with. The sphere seemed to "dance" around in the night sky.
It got close enough to were I was uncomfortable and went into the house. I went into my bedroom and video taped it from my bedroom window. The sphere was I the sky for quite some time and then, went out light someone turned off a light. it reappear for just a short time and went black and disappeared again.
Once the object disappeared I felt amazed that no one else in the neighborhood saw the object as no one was outside at night. I asked several neighbors the next morning and no one saw it. I keep very silent during the event and after as I was shocked at what I saw. I have told very few people, just family. It has taken me awhile to decide to report the sighting, as I do not want any unnecessary attention. 
I have video, but I'm not willing to share on a website at the moment.
