{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-15 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95444","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5465340.json","updb_database_id":5465340}
Shortly, it was something like pumped off balloon, flying on the wind. It stayed in one place about 10 meters from the ground it had black strips, stretching and skewing.yy

I was in the bus driving to Belgrade. On the left side of the highway about 200 meters in the field, there was a strange object about 10-15 meters above the ground. In the first moment I thought it was some kind of commercial or balloon of some sort, just like those balloons some people pump them constantly and they are moving left, right, up, down, doing a lot of action and movement. That's what it look like, moving like a flag on the wind. It was black colour and transparent, like some kind of sack. When the bus came closer I saw that it doesn't have a pipe for pumping the balloon. It had no connection with anything on the ground. It was moving slower than it would because of the wind. It was totally slow, cool and stayed in one place. It should fly away because of the wind or fall on the ground because of gravity, but it doesn't. There was no wind power on that day. It was above the ground and strange and obvious so that's why I have noticed it. The lady sitting next to me saw the object also I saw her steering, but I didn't comment what I saw, I had some kind of respectful fear, it came on my mind to record it with my telephone, but I didn't do it I was friendly to that entity. I'm sorry now for not having it recorded. Maybe it was something like some kind of port or way into the different dimension. I wanted to ask for opinion what it was to share with you experience. When bus have been going forward, it stays behind us just like it was in the start. It was constant. I don't think it was made of metal, it had strips of some kind. I haven't took a photo. If there's anything else you want me to explain you about this, let me know, I'll try my best. Thank you
