{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5517340.json","updb_database_id":5517340}
(gs) somethin hovering over my kitchen. I had a glass celing in my kitchen.

I was looking at the moon from my kitchen skylight. I had a parshal glass celing like a green house attached to the kitchen i liven in the country. I saw lights bobbing from the woods across the street. They got brighter and brighter. I heard no noise as it approched my house. I saw a large light t looked like a sm plane. but then it hovered over my roof as i looked up I saw landing geer but it hovered for 15 sec unlike a plane. then I freaked out. went to bed a hour later and I then had a horriable dream.. In the dream I was in teh same spot I was in the kitchen.. But as I looked up to the glass celing I saw a reflection of a whiteish figure standing behind me a small human like being. The eyes were big and it had a whitish shine or suit on and it was a dull glowing suit the looked like it was moist or wet. I got scared in the dream and saw my 2 labs laying on the living room floor they were asleep. I yelled for them and stomped my feet and they wouldnt wake up. My dogs always wake up when I call for them.. Then I woke up.. I have had dreams like this were I was in a ship with 6 fingered ppl. Human like with bright eyes and dark hair. All I remember was the ship was strangely cold and the wall were almost breathing.. But I saw earth out the ship window and the man in the control seat took me home, he spoke to me with little worrds or a thought all I remember was he let me know it was time to go home. Oh and there were a lot of other peole there. Like little kids and farmers or truck drivers. I am typo 0 negitive blood and so is my dad we both have these storys but my dad was stripped naked and left in a corn field when he was 17. I think they have been following me for years... My x husband worked at NASA and the Pentagan and he said the Navy knows they are here and there is a portal that opens up on earth (more than 1) and ships/enitys come thru.. I think its opens when there is a full moon. My cousin was a Navy seal for 20 years he was really high up and he was killed ( no accident) last year.
