{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5529340.json","updb_database_id":5529340}
Craft with slowly pulsating light moving back and forth over the bay

My wife and I viewed the object around 6:30 or 7pm or so. There appeared to be three crafts but we had our camera trained on one. They were not helicopters nor planes as we know them. They had multiple lights and a bright light that increased and decreased in intensity. The one craft moved back and forth for a span of about 3 miles or so.

Obviously as you watch the clip we filmed, you1ll see that we did the best we could but didn1t know what the heck we were doing. You1ll hear us on the phone with a local news desk. This was taken after watching this thing for approximately 10-12 minutes or so. We watched it move back and forth from our living room and then went out on the deck to see if we could capture it on film. Sorry the film is so lousy...but anyone can see it lights up like a Christmas tree as if to signal two other objects (which we were not able to capture). The various colored lighting was of a type we1ve never seen before.

The light went from brilliant to dim. As it appeared to come inland and a bit too close and we went back into the house. We tried contacting the news station and the SF Chronicle and there was no interest. This is fine with us because we know what we saw and we're not concerned with peddling the footage. When we isolated one of the clips and zoomed in, we could clearly see the shape of the craft the light was reflecting.

I was just watching TV and a show on UFOs featured your organization..so we thought at least we wouldn't be perceived as kooks if we contacted you. Let us know if your interested in the footage. We'd be glad to get it to you. The entire clip is too big to email so I'll need advice. I've broken a piece down to send, so I hope it goes through.
Take care.
