{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501340","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/340/mufon-5501340.json","updb_database_id":5501340}
{nd} Craft observed hovering, then gliding, over the beach near the shoreline.

My husband and I have seen craft over the years in the Long Beach Island section of Ocean County. Some have been videotaped by others and featured on the news. But this most recent sighting occurred around mid-June, just a few weeks ago. It was twilight, and we were driving home along the main boulevard. He spotted it first- we could see it at the end of the street leading to the beach. We drove up the street and parked to observe. The craft was sort of rectangular, but more like an upside-down pie plate, except very thick. There were a series of white/pale yellow round lights all along the mid-section from nose to tail. I don't know if the lights were on the other side, but I assume they went around the craft. It was just before the summer season began- most of the houses (oceanfront and beach block) were empty and dark. This made the night sky even more brilliant because there were no street lights, lights from homes, cars, etc. There are no shops or businesses along the beach- there is no boardwalk. Just beach and homes. 
We observed it for quite a while- it made a silent horizontal path, from south to north, then declined nose down at an angle near the shoreline. 
I wanted to get out of the car- but I had recent surgery and was walking with a cane and felt unsteady on the sand. 
Had I been able to, I'd have flagged them down if I could! I would have gotten on board that craft SO fast! Eventually my husband wanted to drive home- it was just a mile away. I don't think he wanted to risk an encounter- had they seen us watching them. The craft was close- I'd say we were about 30 feet away. 
This isn't my first encounter. I was 15 when that happened- oddly- also near the beach, but a different city. A friend and I were "chased" by a craft that hovered at the height of the treetops on a clear night in the summer of 1964. It was shrouded by a cloud cover and the noise we heard was like nothing I had ever heard - to this day. Like a thousand bells/gears turning at once, each having their own individual sound. We got away- we think. (my husband still thinks they got me an implanted something that programs me to make his life hell...) But I don't have any marks, scars, or missing time from that event, so I'm pretty sure we got away. We talk about it every once in a while- just to be sure we remember it correctly.
