Case No. 1221 13082020

Date: 2018.

Approximate Time: 21:48 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: N/A.

Witnesses: S. U. S. M., 49 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of what he considered an
aerial anomaly in a nighttime photograph he took at 21:48 hours on an unspecified
date in 2018, from the port of Valparaíso, in the same-named region.

The reported information was described as a "upside-down plate" of "metallic"
color, of "unknown" size, and with "apparent" motion at a distance from which
He could get an idea. Although the user indicated that he could only appreciate
what he reported upon reviewing the photograph, he noted that it appeared to the
northeast and disappeared to the North, leaving "a trail."

The person who reported concluded his report stating that (sic): "Testing mobile
camera in night mode. Clear night with full moon. I only noticed when I took the
picture. It seems to have a lot in common with your case of the recording you
took with an infrared camera from a Super Puma.
"We also see something like a streak, I don't know if it's gas or light. I took about 5 photos, only in one does the metallic object appear."

Along with the case's entry, two photographic files and four screen captures were sent.

The location from which the photo was taken was georeferenced using geographic coordinates corresponding to a location in the Valparaíso port, in the same-named region. (Figure 1)

 Figure 1

The two photographs that supported the report were analyzed by experts.
computer programs, finding that they were not digitally altered.

An examination of the information contained in their files determined that they
were captured using the three-camera system of a Huawei brand cell phone model
P30 (ELE-L04) between 21:48:16 and 21:49:03 on Sunday, February 9, 2020. This
contradicted the reported information, which indicated that the sighting was from
2018.

Figure 2 shows two reported objects indicated with yellow arrows, while Figure 3
identifies two additional objects.
Celestial Arrows.

Figure 2

Figure 3

The study of the astronomical situation at the time of the photographs determined that the flash near the Moon was Regulus, the brightest star in the constellation Leo. (Figure 4)

Figure 4. Regulus, the brightest star in the constellation Leo, on the visible horizon in the case photographs.

Figure 5

Figure 5 contains two parallel projections of the luminous objects.
reported as anomalies associated with bright sources facing the lenses of the equipment that captured them and apparently located above the bow of the frigate FF-05 Almirante Cochrane and the training ship BE-43 Esmeralda.

Both the luminance analysis and the fact that they were not seen directly and only perceived upon reviewing the photograph point to reflections.

Furthermore, as Figure 6 evidences, there is a parallel between the reported sightings and the known location of the training ship.
Bright objects in the image of Figure 3 and the arrangement of the rear lenses of the cameras used to take the photograph.

Figure 6

In view of the possibility of encountering reflections, independent advice was sought from a photographer in the Audiovisual Section of the DGAC.

The consultant specialist stated that the luminous phenomena are consistent with internal reflections of the elements that make up the lens of
The camera, since the shot was taken in front of a significant light source,
(apparently mercury light). The blue-green coloration of these objects
corresponds to the anti-reflective coating given to optical lenses.

Images: The report was studied based on two JPG format photographs.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony, the results of the
geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, and the information provided
by the specialized consultant, it was concluded that what was reported was
Optical aberrations and not to flying objects. They were reflections caused inside the equipment with which the photo was taken, so they could not be seen directly.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained".
