{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-20 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5492554.json","updb_database_id":5492554}
{rjl} black-triangular-4-light-silent-object

My name is [name removed/cms/rjl] Im 22 years old and currently live in Laconia, NH. Even before this experience i believed in the paranormal/ufo phenomena. Anyways, my story started off at my college (New England College) patiently waiting for my father to come get me for the weekend because i chose to dorm at school there on the weekdays and see my family on the weekends. Around 6:00 p.m my father had arrived at my campus and we began our hour trip back home. The ride back home was as the same as every other time, the only difference was that it was mid November and a little chilly outside so i had felt no need to roll down any window as it was a clear evening. Entering into Exit 20 (which leads to Laconia) we stopped by a gas station to pick up some snacks. About a minute later we got back into the car and started to drive past Tilton, NH within seconds entering Winnasquam/Belmont, NH. Sitting in the passenger seat (time being 7:43-7:45pm) i played my part as a passenger and always scoped the areas around while thoughts would run through my head non-stop. Entering Belmont, i felt the need and also just randomly looked up towards the North-East side of where i was sitting to observe the beauty of the night sky and the water below the bridge we were driving on when all of a sudden coming from South of where we were positioned, i noticed (probably about 1 mile above the car and a few feet in the air to my right) a object moving ninja-swift-like over the lake which eventually i ended up losing sight of it over some trees to the left of the car which was miles of woods if you were to even try and get a chance to chase it. I noticed when it came into my view that this "flying mechanism" was not a helicopter nor a plane because i debunked them off the theory because no such plane or helicopter would have moved SILENTLY so low towards the earth and the fact that i only had about 4 seconds to get as much scoping out of the object as i could, i was able to make out some characteristics which eventually gave me an idea of what i might have been looking at considering how swift and silent this object was traveling and 4 lights from the bottom that i saw. The lights that i saw from the bottom of the object is what made me later go home and sketch out a triangular probably about 30-40 feet in diameter and the positioning of the lights from when i was observing it from the car it made me immediately decode that this object was definitely a triangular knife-like machine just moving swiftly like a steak knife cutting thru butter in the air. The strange thing was that at the moment of the sighting, i felt like i was paralyzed, shocked-in-aw during the observation and that i was debating to myself what i was seeing and after what i saw. I could not believe what i had seen neither could i convince myself that i might of just had my own experience. Here in NH there's no one to run to and tell the story to with out telling yourself to think twice about what your gonna say and that MUFON was the only thing i could turn to and possibly not sound crazy. The sighting does not surprise me at all as NH is FAMOUS for ufo sightings and abductions. I don't know if any other vehicles in front of me or behind spotted it as well but all i know is i know what i saw, and what i saw believe it or not was PROOF that WE REALLY are not alone. Seriously though, billions of galaxy's and people think there is no one else.. you would be an idiot and crazy to try and convince yourself that. That is my experience and thank you for letting me come out with it with out feeling like a lunatic, even tho either way i still do feel like one just talking about it.
