{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-14 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5468554.json","updb_database_id":5468554}
{cak} Large star like object over Affton MO

I was sitting in my lounge with my wife, when the occurence first began.when I noticed a large oval flash, approximately 10 blocks from our front deck. I clearly noticed a small circular black dot, as the lightning flashed. Said object seemed to be close to the center, slightly toward the left, as the sky lit up. I signaled my wife. Stating "that's awesome, you just missed the weirdest ball lightning." She stood up from her chair and we both looked into the sky; at first overlooking the new found light, as we apprehensively awaited the next crack of lightning. That was when I first noticed the object and began to "freak out." Stating to my wife, words to the effect of. Holy cow, that ain't no ordinary star, it's way too big. I then continued to take photos and video of the craft, failing to obtain a clear shot, due to lense light intake, so I resorted to taking a screenshot of the recording video, during it's time recording. What I found upon inspection stunned both me and my wife. What we both were looking at, was a glowing ball of intense light, with what seemed like a matte gray "X" symbol at it's core. We continued to observe this thing for roughly another 3-5 minutes. As lightning began to flash once more, the object started slowly and evenly; no deviation in flightpath vertically, began to move to the right and as it did, a large, bright light formulated atop of the craft, even brighter than the original emission. This was when we noticed a "Human" craft, what I deem to have been a plane, continue it's path past the tree tops, as it seemed to head towards the direction of the object. As the plane drew closer, the craft slowly began to dim and start moving towards to the left, making a slight vertical deviation as it did so. This was when we could no longer see the object in the sky. An important note that I made, was that after the plane had reached where the object had been, it slowly started to veer left, as if to formulate a retraction in flight path. In my own opinion, I believe this plane was searching for something. Both me and my wife watched the plane do a U-Turn of sorts and fly straight out of our view from both our front deck and streetview. My wife immediately contacted the main man, so to speak, of Missouri MUFON branch: I shall refer to him as "JP" and to quote JP, "You guys did very well." This was our encounter, thank you for your time.
