{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65958","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3039,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5493554.json","updb_database_id":5493554}
{dr}they visited at night. scanned my body, and made me go back to sleep

awoke from bright light (like sunlight) and windy noise. Immediately I thought a helicopter was hovering very near the rooftop. the trees were swaying from any direction, wind. I never saw any object.located in my uncles summer bungalo in Goshen, New York. I ran to the window. watched from behind the curtain, an open window. 3 thin beings leap over a fence, like they had springs in their shoes. all wearing white suites. A"child" came next to leap over the fence but fell back. I giggled because I know how to climb over the broken fence .they must have heard my thoughts as I giggled, they saw me. came in my room. don't have any idea how, as though I just blinked and one was in my room. He exrayed me from head to toe. I realized I was paralyzed as the scanning was happening. brilliant colors from the beings head area going thru my body. I SAW my organs, like thru a clear glass. they heard my thoughts and I heard his. one of my ovaries was disturbing to him. when he was finished exraying me, He told me to go back to sleep. he wouldn't leave till I went back to sleep.I was frightened because when I'd open an eye to see if he'd gone, his eyes got angry. the next morning as I awoke, I ran outside to see any footprints or any sign that we had visitors. the brown leaves in the grass showed nothing. Then you say, "ah, it must of been a dream". my aunt and uncle sat with me while we had coffee and donuts for breakfast. My cousin Michael woke up and came running in the kitchen to look out the window. yelling "did you see the clowns!? the circus!". I opened my eyes and mouth ready to say something, but didn't. thought it be best to talk to Michael outside later on in the day. He had no recall at all.
this may have happened approximately at age 15. at age 38 I had a parcial hysterectomy. the doctor told me my left side was unusual. I could have told him that. The being made it clear to me that this didn't look good. I guess I'm blessed. I never could conceive. and if I could, the being may have had other intensions that night.This never occurred to me till about a year ago.
also another girl named [name removed/dr/CMS] (can't think of her last name) was at least 18 years old. I was told she had a sexual encounter of some kind and was upset. I never saw her again. the grownups preferred never to talk about such things. I guess they were afraid.
