{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-04-12 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5275,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5528554.json","updb_database_id":5528554}
slow silent craft at treetop level with three large

I was jogging in the dark very early before work on a country road in rural Maine. It was a clear, calm, and starry night with no Moon. The stars were very bright and I was watching the sky as I ran down the road. There were no leaves on the hardwood trees yet, and I noticed a bright light moving through the sky. It was east of south east, traveling slowly toward the west, at about 30 degrees or so above the horizon. I couldnt see it very well at first because it was low enough in the sky that I was looking at it through the tree branches. This part of the road had a slight rise and was pointed in a south easterly direction so the light was just a little toward my left and it seemed that at the rate it was going,it would soon pass in front of me where there were no trees over the road. The rise in the road crested about 1/10th of a mile in front of me before it went back down the other side. At the crest of the hill was an empty house on the right side. About another 10th of a mile on the other side of the hill was a house that had a streetlight in their driveway that cast a very faint glow in the atmosphere. The street light itself was not visible, just its faint glow. Intrigued, I waited to see what the moving light might be as it soon would pass across the road within my view. When it passed over the road I saw it was much larger and closer than I had expected. It appeared to be just above the tree tops and took up the entire space over the road between the trees. The light that I first saw through the trees was really three lights, not one, and they looked more like very large windows that were round in appearance. The quality of the light was like it was comming from within, like the windows on a house rather than headlights on a plane. The three windows also appeard to be in a row that curved around the object with the one on the left of the three pointing directly in my direction. This "window" appeared to have some sort of a grid on it. The others didn't as far as I could tell. There was a row of smaller lights that ran along the left side of the craft that were white and amber in color. The craft was between me and that streetlight I described earlier because the glow from that streetlight had the object in the sky backlit enough that I could make out its outline on the side where the small row of lights were. But the three "windows" were bright enough that I couldnt make out the outline on that side. I looked hard for the red and green running lights or the blinking lights that conventional aircraft have but these were not there. It was also totaly silent. It was a calm night and I noticed I was able to hear a tractor-trailer downshifting to get up the hill that was on the main road about 3 miles away to the south west but this object in front of me made no noise at all. While I was describing to my self what I was looking at so I would remember the details, the object appeared to STOP in the sky right over the road in front of me while I stared and studied it for perhaps 30 seconds. Then I realised it hadnt stopped but had changed its direction and was comming towards me and declining in altitude as well. My next thought was to get out of the way in case it was a disabled aircraft comming in for a landing on the road.I began to stumble into the bushes off the side of the road in the dark to get out of the way. Before I got more than three steps off the road I became aware of a change in the light out of my peripheral vision and turned to look back. The craft had made a 90 degree turn back toward the west and continued slowly and silently on its way. For some reason it suddenly occured to me that what ever it was knew I was there and was comming in to check me out but when I ran, thought it had scared me and changed its mind. This was a really strong feeling and I have no idea where it came from because never did I feel scared. I had been thinking it was some sort of a small plane until it made that abrupt turn and kept going at treetop level away from me. It went over the empty house on the crest of the hill, just above the treetops, and proceeded across the field behind the house. I began to run as fast as I could up the hill to try to get to the top where I hoped to get another look at it as it crossed the field but before I could get there, the lights simply vanished as if they were turned off. When I got home about 45 minutes later I immediatelly drew a picture of what I had seen. I went to work and told the first two people I saw that morning about it but was so ridiculed that I have only told a couple of other people about it since.
