{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-17 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5494554.json","updb_database_id":5494554}
{rjl} orbs appeared repeatedly on almost nightly basis for over a year as well as one encounter with a craft that laid a blue trail of glowing blue lights leading up to hill top appearing before my eyes as I walked

I was home at my parents standing outside when first orb appeared, brought mother and brother outside to confirm after which they became an almoat nightly appearance.
It was the most amazing thing ive ever witnessed glowing and pulsating and even after becoming familiar with them over period of several weeks would move up and down in response to finger movements and at times seem to respond to questions yelled at them. Very bright orbs of light like a star but much different they immeaditly caught my eye.
I did not know what to think so I went and got mother to confirm it was really there she stood and watched it for what seemed like 5 minutes saying yes it is therr what is it? I said an orb!
It seemed to hover and move around on a nightly basis for months multiple different orbs appearing and communicating with motion.
I felt at peace and like they were here to protect me and keep me safe.
They would stay out till morning came and dissapear or sometimes float away dissapearing from eyes view. I asked them to bless me with patience and one floated away and came back short while later I felt like I could ask them for anything at all I asked them to bring me a gift and one night a trail of blue glowing lights appeared leading to a hill top I felt so at peace realized I needed nothing so walked back home and then a disc craft flew by. I had taken multiple pictures and videos and even put some on facebook but the government deleted them. I also was subject to heavy amounts of oppression amd harrassment during this time and still am. I emailed the la times and sac bee telling them of this and expecting someone to come out to see this as it happened nearly every night but no one did. I will try to get some more pics next time it happens but eventually the harrassment grew so great I stopped trying to talk about it but in a humorous turn of events my mom would see them and go so have you seen the orbs and I would be like theres one right there and she would go I thought that was one. The department of defense and air force raided my friends father during this time with those names appearing on the discovery with this order social security, air force, d.o.d which I can only attribute to a comment I made on facebook about my friends t-shirt saying cant bust this as we were also under federal investigation for a unrelated reason relating to narcotics distribution on my pART atleast and rhen these orbs started appearing every night and I wasnt indicted but then I kinda got the idea the government jus wanted me to go back to the narcotics thing and not talk about the orbs but at this point I feel like telling anyone who wants to hear because of the way ive been treated. I also emailed the muslim people through facebook because they reminded me of the morning star in the quran and I had pictures at the time before they mysteriously dissapeared. They witnessed them and the way they responded to me and actually sent someone to offer there help financially or otherwise and then more stuff happened so just be aware the government is really worried about this report and I was brave enough to share it with you. I believe I can have the . Orbs appear if given a weeks time or so as I feel it was a spiritual experience. Thank you for your time and sorry the pics and video were deleted and stolen from me.
