{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29125","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5526554.json","updb_database_id":5526554}
About 1 dozen silent fireballs, the size of helicoptors

My daughter actually witness the event. She arrived home following a high school band concert extremely terrified. While driving home thru a rural area, she stopped at a stop sign and glanced to her left. She saw flying toward her about a dozen "fireball" objects that were the size of helicopters. They were flying very slowly, but at a greater speed than a hoover. She said they were flying very low, a little above treeline level. One actually touched the ground and went back up. She said she just sat there is disbelief, and she opened her window to get a better look. She said they were silent. They eventually flew off toward the southwest.

As she was sitting there watching a truck approached the intersection, and it just stopped and watched also. After the objects flew away, the truck turned next to her and the male driver asked her "did you see that?". The female passenger stated that she was glad they were not the only ones that had witnessed the incident. My daughter wishes now she had gotten the person's name driving the truck.

My daughter was extremely upset when she got home, mentioning that God was supposed to return to the earth in fire. I did not know what to do, so we just got in the car and drove back to where the incident had happened, but of course we saw nothing. I came home and called the local police department to see if anyone else had reported anything, but they were very disinterested.

My daughter is an honor student and a really good kid with no alchol or drug issues. We had just left her band concert so I knew exactly where she had been.

One other thing that seemed odd: My son and I drove home a few minutes before her. As we were driving down our driveway, I commented to my son how big and orange the moon was (I believe it must had been a full moon). When my daughter was telling us about the incident, she said the items she saw were as orange as the moon was when this was going on. But when we went out driving around, the moon was no longer orange and appeared to be about 1/3 of the size it was when my son and I drove home (and about the same time my daughter witnessed the incident). That could be just because it was later and the moon's orientation in the sky was different, but it seemed a little odd to us.
