{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2511,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5470554.json","updb_database_id":5470554}
{td}Viewed 2 bright lights, one white and very large, one red and small. Both hover and take off separate.

My wife and I were on vacation in Virginia Beach and we went fishing on the Ocean View Pier in Norfolk. We spent the better part of the day fishing with not much luck. I guess it was around 8-9 pm when I noticed two really bright lights one was white and very large and the other was red and much smaller. They were hovering above the second island of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel known as the North Thimble Island. I thought it might be an aircraft like a plane at first, but I watched it for a minute or so and it had not changed size, direction, or shape and the red light didn1t blink. I told my wife to look at the 1ufo1..She laughed and said it was a plane and looked away. I continued to watch as it hovered motionless for about 10 seconds longer and said 1that1s not a plane1. Just then, the white light took off to the east and disappeared in a fraction of a second then the red light did exactly the same thing. That1s when I knew it was a UFO. I grew up in Virginia Beach and lived near The Naval Air Station, so I know how fast and the characteristics of the fighter jets in the area. This was much faster and no sonic boom. In fact there was no noise at all. Unfortunately I was fishing and not taking pictures at the time so you could see what I saw. I am a Sargent in the Army National Guard for 11 years. I have been deployed to Iraq and seen every type of aircraft the military uses in day and night operations. I have never seen anything take off so fast in my life. It didn1t build up speed, just went from a standstill to faster than any jet instantly. Take what you will from this report but as for me, I believe I witnessed extra terrestrial aircraft that night.
