{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5489554.json","updb_database_id":5489554}
{dr}Stationary lights over highway 27

My friend was driving on highway 27 in Clermont Florida on September 1st 2015. It was evening time and around dusk so the Sun was going down. As she is driving she realizes that up in the sky she sees three twinkly white lights in a large triangular pattern but very far apart from each other. As she is driving she realizes that the lights are very bright and very beautiful at the same time. Almost as if its a twinkling star but it's just too bright to be an actual star. 

As she is driving she keeps looking up and she realizes that these lights are following her car but at the same time they aren't moving they're staying stationary and just twinkling in and out but not fading away. Almost as if someone is taking a light switch and lowering the light and then making it bright again lowering the light and making it bright again.

Finally after about 15 minutes of her seeing the lights one went out then two went out then finally three went out. She's looking around not understanding what's going on and it's creeping her out because she doesn't know if anybody else is seeing what she seen in the sky. she told me she doesn't know exactly how to feel about this encounter. At first she thought the lights were absolutely beautiful and it caught her attention and after that she felt this overwhelming sense that something wasn't right and just wanted to get home and not think about it again.

Right after the third light went out is when she called me on the phone absolutely creeped out telling me that she knows I will be the only one that understands this since I have always been the go to person for all things extraterrestrial and I wouldn't judge her so she told me the whole story. She knew I wold know who to go to with this information. I told her I would do exactly what I could which was go to mufon and try to tell her story the best I can with the information she gave me.

She and I have been friends for almost 20 years. She is a very reliable person and not a lot of things freak her out she's very strong willed. Always has been. So when she came to me with this and told me what happened to her in the car and I can tell on the phone that she was extremely weirded out by it. I knew that this had to be the real deal especially for her. She said to me "I know what I saw and if nobody wants to believe me then fine but no one is going to tell me that what I saw wasn't real". I believe her and I really hope that we find some evidence to prove her right of what she did see.
