{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-04 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499554","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/554/mufon-5499554.json","updb_database_id":5499554}
{dr}Saw a contained ball of light moving through three neighbors yards

I was standing in the dark, in my back yard, smoking a cigarette at my tall table facing NE. I saw a contained white ball of light come up from my East neighbors yard and move upward and at an angle. I could tell that it was on their side by the trees in the way. It disappeared into the heavier tree and I thought that since those neighbors porch lights were on that they may have been playing with a flashlight, but then I didn't see a beam of light at any time. Then it came down from the heavy tree into and across my neighbors back yard that is directly across from me. His lights were on too and his dogs were out as mine was also and none of them barked. After it went across, it seemed to go upward at his fence line as to be going up the trees. Then it disappeared for a second and then I saw a contained blue ball of light come down and appear to land in the next yard to the north which is vacant but I feel that it disappeared into the ground. I stood there looking for it to reappear but it never did but with buildings and trees in the area, it could have continued it's path without my seeing it. I looked in the sky for any strange object but best I could tell, there wasn't anything. 

Without wanting to sound crazy, but how do I report with out sounding that way? A couple of weeks ago, I can't verify the exact date, but a contained white ball of light landed in my yard at night as I was standing in the same spot in the dark smoking a cigarette around 12-2 am. It became visual at eye level toward the East and went straight to the ground about 10 feet in front of me and disappeared. The next day I went to look for any signs of it and there were no visual signs. Then tonights incident happens.

A couple of years ago, I was standing in my yard in the dark around 1 am again smoking a cigarette when I noticed a contained blue ball of light in my neighbors yard across from me. His lights were all out but his dogs have free access to go in and out of the house. They weren't barking but kept hitting the door as though pawing at it continuously while I watched this ball of light disappear, reappear, dart around throughout and up and down his back yard, even sitting still at times for thirty minutes before I gave up and went to bed, leaving it to do it's thing. I was extremely baffled by this ball of light.

I have no photo's as my cams can't seem to take photo's at night very well and nothing ever happens when I have one in my hands.
