{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-26 06:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528811","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/811/mufon-5528811.json","updb_database_id":5528811}
112610, Oregon, Two Lights Moving in Tandem in Early Dark

I was putting our cat out and picking our paper up off our walk this morning at about 6:19 or 6:20am PST. There were stars, the partial moon, and passing clouds. 

I always look up into the sky when I go out (we have no street lights in our neighborhood, so it's usually easy to stargaze), and in the dark morning sky I spotted a single light moving very smoothly, perhaps 10 - 20 degrees below the moon, towards the lower right side (from my perspective) moving towards the northwest. If I had to guess its altitude I would say it was in orbit and outside of our atmosphere. It was white, a touch yellowish, appeared bright but to be at a very high altitude because its movement was fairly quick yet it wasn't passing through a great deal of the sky (it could be that it was traveling away from my perspective at a slight trajectory). If I'd put my hand out toward it - it would be (at my arm's length) about the size of a seed bead. 

I watched it for a second assuming it was a satellite, when I looked around it and saw a second one moving in exact tandem with it at a distance of perhaps (from my arm's length) a half a foot, to the left, away from the first one. It was probably about 15 - 20 degrees to the lower left side of the moon (from my perspective), moving in the exact same speed and northwestern direction as the first light. The second one was the same: speed, trajectory, size, and color as the first. Though, the first light (to the lower right of the moon) was brighter than the second one (that was on the lower left side of the moon, from my vantage point) and that might be because it was somewhat closer.

I am aware that it is not unusual for people, during a sighting, to see three lights, moving in tandem, in triangular formation; so I searched for a third light but did not see one. This does not mean that a third light was not there, as there was cloud cover moving over perhaps (on average, over the entire sky) one fifth of the sky, at that time. I never saw a third light, though. I only saw the two.

We see satellites, here, all of the time when observing the night sky and these were brighter (larger, too) than satellites. But, I've never seen two satellites moving together, exactly. These were.

I ran back in to grab my cell to use its video camera, found it, ran back out, located the two objects in the sky, again, and shot footage. The cell, unfortunately, could not detect the lights (perhaps because they were so close to the moon (fairly bright) and clouds (white) and the contrast was too much for the small (not High Def) video camera?). I've attached them, here, anyway.

As I filmed, they moved in tandem (keep their exact same distance from each other always, never changing size or color or brightness, throughout my sighting), maintained their trajectory but never did seem to travel much of the sky as they both seemed to be moving away from my perspective. It wasn't that they got dimmer or smaller but rather, (and I know that this sounds odd) they seemed to be moving at a steady and fair pace, but never traveled that much of the sky. The only way I could perceive what I was seeing was to think 'perhaps they're moving away from my perspective'. Clouds would float between them and I, but weren't thick (at first) so, they'd re-emerge. When each light went behind clouds and were hidden behind them (they didn't re-emerge) I stopped filming.

I filmed two videos, in total.

I did go out, about a minute after filming, to see if they were still there - but I could not detect them as the sun started rising at about 6:30am or so, this morning.

Could what I saw have been satellites? Yes. Though, I looked at NASA's Human Space Flight Sky Log database/site, right after my sighting, and searched for my location and the appropriate time, but did not see any two satellites that moved in the same direction at exactly the same time listed there (for my location and that time). So, I have not proven that they were satellites. 

I've never seen satellites move in tandem or appear to move away from the planet, so I thought I'd report these.
