{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-09-14 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451811","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/811/mufon-5451811.json","updb_database_id":5451811}
Lake Berryessa Hwy 121 1979 - Triangle center single light approx 30' across

This happened en route (late) to Lake Berryessa with girlfriend to meet others in the fall of 1979 (or 1980) along Hwy 121 coming out of Napa. We'd left late and it was dusk by the time we'd reached the top of 121. It was then that my (Laura who was driving) noticed a small light just over a mountain to the SW to our right. My initial reaction was that it was a plane or helicopter some distance away and paid little attention to it.

As we drove along Hwy 121 in between the trees and turns, we continued to spot the small but intense solitary light from the object heading in a NW direction. Awhile later now growing dark and pehaps a mile away, we could tell that the object was moving very slowly and descending down the mountain towards the valley below. Overall it seems like we watched the object for a good 20 minutes while we drove down the hill. At one point we slightly higher than the object in elevation. Looking slightly downwards then, we could see the intense single light on the front center of the craft shown forward (without illuminating anything as best as I can recall), but you could clearly see the vines/trellis beneath the object in the field. There was just the single round light at the furthermost center tip. The craft appeared to be about 25' wide and maybe 4' tall. It was traveling perhaps 5 mph.

Not much further along, we determined the object would be flying over the road so we stopped the car in a turnout and killed the engine. The craft slowly continued course and lifted enough to clear the trees on either side of the road and drifted silently and directly over us. It was perfectly triangular in shape and made no noise. There were no visible markings underneath and the light no longer appeared to be showing downward from our position. The craft appeared to be black, though it was dark then. Given how low it had been flying (maybe 20' above vineyard) I guesstimate it could not have been more than 30-40' above our heads when it passed silently over our vehicle and over the hill behind us to the NW.

Startled after the incident and after the craft had disappeared, we continued to our destination stopping at a phone booth midway and eventually got connected to Travis AFB and reported what we'd witnessed. The staff indicated there was nothing on their radar or other reports that might confirm whatever we'd seen. 

Disappointed and still uneasy, we drove on and eventually met up with our friends in the parking lot who asked why we were late before getting and earful. They assumed we had seen something and mistaken it for a UFO or we're just crazy. Within another 45 minutes or so while we were all gazing at the stars, suddenly 3 objects shot out of no where and stopped adjacent to one another at about a 30' elevation some miles up to the west. Within a few seconds, they whizzed back and forth around one another and then in the blink of an eye, shot straight up and disappeared. Our friends took us more seriously after that.

For the record, Laura reported this incident first back in the 90's to a TV show called 'Sightings'. (The original link to it (now DOA) was here: [ Item Moved to F I Report {tjd} ] In her account, she indicated that the object made noise when it glided above us while stopped in the car. My recollection was that it was silent. I suggested we stop the car just to confirm whether it did actually make any noise but there was none.
