{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524811","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/811/mufon-5524811.json","updb_database_id":5524811}
strange aircraft flew over house, hovered, then continued flight all the while never making a sound.

I1ve been watching the skies for quite some time. Being an ex military bomb tec. who's primary job was to load the weapons on just about any military aircraft around, so naturally I have a natural knack to look up at the skies. well recently I have been noticing helicoptor-ish air craft in the air at night, now not all nights but most nights. well I noticed that these certain aircraft would spend long amounts of time just hovering in spot, I noticed they "flashed in a certain way" and that there lights would completely change when another aircraft in the sky approached. now where I live I am in quite an active air space as I am not far from a major airport. but it seems odd for these strange aircraft to just "hang around". Not to mention it costs around $3000 and hour to keep any type of aircraft like that in the air let alone several. so naturally I assumed them to be government aircraft looking for marijuana growers. well one night I was out side around ten o'clock, and I was bringing my dog in of the line. when I stopped and noticed that there where three of these in the air that night. I noticed one beginning to travel to my left having been interested in these for quite some time I made the not so bright decision to flash my green led flashlight at it and quickly vanish from sight. shortly after the other two started to travel in opposite directions. one to the left {almost the same but not quite the same path as the previous} and one to the right. within seconds I could hardly keep my eyes on both without turning my head from side to side. Then I began to have an interesting feeling, so I turned around and no more then fifty feet above my house was emerging a strange triangular aircraft. it was dull in color and seemed to have the front wing span flush with the front of the air craft. the wings had a red and blue light on the front outside edges. and in the very front there was a strange faint "tracing back and forth light" in the very front right below what would have been the cockpit. all the while it never made a sound. I ran as fast as I could and got under the safety of my front door and out of the view of the strange craft. I immediately began to yell for my wife, who of course at the time heard nothing. after several seconds "which seemed like eternity" of me yelling and noticing the craft was just hovering above the house, I made the decision to go get my wife. better to have a witness right. upon getting her to the do the craft had began moving again and was now about 100 feet away and headed out over the field behind our house. shortly after it was joined by the other two and they all sailed out of sight.....  after five years in the military I have worked with all kinds of aircraft and all I can sat is well... lets just say the next day my wife went out and bought a shot gun. they still appear quite regularly, nothing as close though, just waiting... the ball is in there court.
