{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505811","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/811/mufon-5505811.json","updb_database_id":5505811}
{rjl} Glowing Reddish orange sphere traveling south down the beach, once over me it lost its glow and drifted into the ocean were I observed it for a few minutes. Another did the same but lost sight.

On 12/28/13 I walked onto our back porch that faces the beach at around 7:00 pm and saw a reddish-orange glowing ball of light traveling south, it was a little higher than the high rise condo next 
door and actually traveled directly over it. To me it didn't look too big, about 2 to 3 feet
around, roughly.
I went to the walkway at the end of our building that leads to the beach and did not see the
ball of light by the time I got out there. A few minutes later another light came from down
the beach, it looked to be the same size as the previous light, it appeared out of nowhere, it started glowing around the area of apache pier and flew south in a straight line down the beach. It was a little windy and to me it seemed to be under power of some sort to fly that straight. After a minute or two it was almost directly over me and turned east towards the ocean. As it started to go through some low flying clouds it began to fade out but I could still see the object slowly spinning down towards the water. At this point I noticed it was an off white, maybe grey white and it looked like one end had two rounded globes and the other end was smaller but I couldnt make out the shape to well at the other end. I went to the waters edge were I watched it fall about 40 foot out into the water, it was about 
2-1/2 feet across and floated. I watched it for maybe 5 or so minutes, when I went to get my wife and came back, it was gone.
At around 8:00 pm or so I was on my back porch and saw another reddish-orange sphere, the same size as the other two and flying the same path. I tried to get it on video but it didn't turn out so good, photography is not my stronger point, as it was almost over the apartment it stopped glowing and turned off white or grey white and continued over the apartment out of my sight, We ran outside to find it but after looking everywhere we could, it couldnt be found.
Later that night my wife and I observed 2 of the same lights together, which we did get video of and she reported it as well.
The previous night, 12/27/13 my wife and I watched several of these lights appear and disappear, one which flew fairly close to a commercial plane, going opposite directions. She reported those sightings, we did get pictures.
I was in the Marines and a police officer, I am trained to observe and Im familiar with military aircraft, these lights are NOT any kind of aircraft or flares.   Myrtle Beach, SC.
