{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494811","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2861,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/811/mufon-5494811.json","updb_database_id":5494811}
{cak} 2 to 3 yards in diameter Pleidian Probe for from Rindow City

Sometime in 2008 I was leaving the Chuck E. Cheese parking lot turning right onto Vanowen in West Hills California. A bright spherical metallic object was over roughly Platt and Vanowen. About two seconds after I visually locked it's presence it sped south in a flash because they can detect when they're being observed. Thought, consciousness, life-force and gravity travel instantaneously throughout the universe. You can look up the Thomas Young experiment. I figure that was a Pleiadian probe sent from one of their bases, the Dulce Mesa in New Mexico, the Lemurian base Telos next to Mt. Shasta, the ethereal realm above Shasta called Shamballa/City of Enoch or it came from Rainbow city in the center of Antarctica. As I turned onto the street a typical government owned black Lincoln appeared behind me. I didn't like it tailing me, so I slowed down to force it to pass. I for some reason could hear the woman in the backseat say this to the driver "It's Brewer. He doesn't want us behind him, go around." The Lincoln went around me not to agitate me. Why was it there? The pattern of sighting would state the object I saw was actually above my car for several minutes, but I have no memory of it and eyewitnesses called it in. If that woman was with National Security then they installed a nanotube implant that allows me to hear their people or their collective hive mind they're connected to. I've been an abductee my whole life and it looks like some group tried to give me some kind of advantage or they simply use me in their agenda. The Greada Treaty was signed between the US government and the Grays allowing them to abduct US citizens and it got completely out of control. It's not a coincidence that it anagrams to Gray Data Tree. I've been raped by Luciferians, assaulted by Nephilim, threatened by Reptilians and abducted by Grays. I commonly deal with a disembodied race that engage in the morality and event string aspects of our species like it was an interactive holographic video game. I often have bleedback memories of tall white males in dark grey suits who look Russian or Germany and their skin is pasty as if they rarely see the sun and the MIB's fit that description.
