{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-07 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511414","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2882,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/414/mufon-5511414.json","updb_database_id":5511414}
{nd} white star like orb but larger north to south. no glow or reflections or rays .

sept.7 2010 i was on the patio looking at the stars n to ne over the top of a mountain range aprox. 15 miles away. in the corner of my left eye i saw a white light appear over the horizion coming from the north to the south direction. object moved at high rate of speed untill almost diretley overhead of my position and disappeared as i started to turn and follow the light. from the north mountain range. mt wilson area to where i was is about fifteen + miles .travel time was about 4-5 seconds . i looked around sky for object for aprox 6-7 seconds and the light reappered in the same area as disappered and proceded to go back to the north at same rate of speed and disappered over the mtn range . i stayed out looking for the light or anything else i could see for about 20 minits when the light reappered again. the light seemed to follow the mtn. range from north to east for about 10-15 miles and then went over the mountain range and out of sight . have not seen this again. i include the following because i feel there is a connection . 2012 early may at aprox. 7:30 pm i was out on the patio looking at stars as it seemed somone had painted the sky and you could reach up and get ahandfull . i remembered watching a tv show the universe or similar and listened to the host say the naked eye can only see about 3000 stars and to see more try binoculars . i got my 20x50 binocs and was looking at the brite stars and was impressed and amazed at how many stars i could see . when i looked almost straight over my head from behind my line of sight came a grayish white round disk! kind of like a tums or alkaseltzer tablet. no colors,beams or rays. this disk disappered by sliding into a slit in the night sky . picture slowly sliding a tums into an envelope untill you cant see it . this sighting took about 3-4 seconds . have not seen this again. this event is what promted me to send this report . are they connected ? don't know .i have several other sightings of orange lights chasing each other and the small red light that zooms all over the night sky.i was transfixed and in awe of what i was seeing. the 2012 sighting is what promted me to repot and has converted me from a skeptic to a believer .
