{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457414","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/414/mufon-5457414.json","updb_database_id":5457414}
Triangle shaped craft moving above road in opposite direction. Roughly 5 minutes north of Edmonton international Airport (YEG)

I was driving to pick up a friend from the airport, his flight arrived at roughly 12:20 a.m. the morning of Oct. 15, 2019. I was coming southbound from Edmonton on Queen Elizabeth HWY 2 from the Anthony Henday turnoff. The road speed is posted at 110 km/hr but I was travelling at 128km/hr as I was worried about arriving late to pick up my friend. About 3-5 minutes before reaching the turnoff to the Airport and Leduc I noticed something in the sky, flashing lights moving my direction about twice the height of light-poles that were lined down the highway. As it had rained all the day before and a bit during my drive the cloud cover was quite low, not fog exactly but a low ceiling to the clouds for sure. The lights continued flashing and as my car got closer I noticed that it was moving very slowly in my direction or with the highway northbound. I noticed the shape of the craft was partially triangular though the front had some edge to it where I could see the lights flashing from either side. Unfortunately I couldn't make out much of the body due to the darkness at the time. They were red and white/blueish alternating from the left light to the right. At first I questioned aloud to myself "what is that" but as it got closer I instinctively turned down my music and leaned forward to the glass of my windshield to get a better look. Within roughly 15-30 seconds from first noticing the object it passed over my vehicle, I noted that it was odd I couldn't hear any noise as I have worked around the airport in the past and you could almost always hear a plane go by and at times feel the vibrations from them when they pass, especially at that small of distance. My vehicle has a panoramic sunroof and I tried to keep a visual of the object as it passed over me but it seemed to disappear from my vision and I couldn't spot anything in the rearview mirror. The event has left me with many questions and uncertainties about what I saw though I'm 100% confident in my sighting and its description. I exclaimed aloud to myself "That was the coolest thing I have ever seen"
