{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-31 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484414","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/414/mufon-5484414.json","updb_database_id":5484414}
Above myself and mother for 5 mins-then shot off over my old school to pin of light

It was in a small market town in the lake district UK. The late 70's my mother was studying at college away from our home town at the time and collected me from my grandparents every Friday evening. We walked through the small market town where we lived and visited my mothers friend for a short while who lived on the outskirts of the town. The distance from my mothers friends to our home was approx. 10 min walk.We walked past what was an auction for cattle-running alongside the exit of the auction was a metal railed fence, the auction house was only a 1 storey building.As we were walking along I recall my mother saying very quickly to keep walking and not to look up. As a young child 'I did' look up and we both stood completely stunned to what we were looking at.A very large dull metallic object was directly above us circular in shape disk like with another protruding semi dome that had pulsating lights inside.I recall a heavy droning noise and a very heavy sensation. My mother was shaking and I kept asking what it was. My mother told me to keep quiet and held my hand more tightly than I was used to. I recall her seeing a woman on the street opposite us and she called to her but the woman did not hear her. The craft hovered above us directly above us not above anything else for what seemed like around 4 minutes then went higher into the sky and then moved very fast straight ahead and high into the sky above my old junior school so fast it looked like a small pin of light in the distance-then gone.
I was only a young child but I still remember the feeling of being pretty stunned, more so confused and my mother being totally shaken and she said many times 'why was it directly above us' I was amased how it was above us and droned and the muted pulsating lights underneath the craft. It was almost as if the object had actually focussed on actually being directly above us as we were on our own in a dimly lit street on the outskirts of a very quiet town at night time. It has driven me now in later life to feel confused and very interested in U.F.O's
Myself and my mother (who will not talk openly about this)have been left feeling that this was not of this Earth, especially from the speed of which it left from being directly above us.
Straight after this happened we 'u' turned back to my mothers friends house of which we told them what had happened but my mother felt we were never to be believed. As soon as we got home we both drew pictures of what we had seen and I am the only one who will talk openly about our experience. It does have a huge effect on your well being after seeing something like this-may I point out that we did not choose to see the craft-something like this can haunt you for many years afterwards especially when it was so close to you.
