{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-21 21:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283414","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/414/mufon-5283414.json","updb_database_id":5283414}
Object in line with my location, stays in the area with erratic movements.

Not sure how to describe this, I have never expected, or wanted, this to happen. This is my first time reporting - but I guess that makes sense - I feel compelled to report and investigate this further as I cannot find a reasonable explanation for the event.
I was hunting feral hogs at night [legal in Texas to help control the incredible population explosion of this invasive animal] and had moved into my location for the evening. I use green lights to illuminate the hogs [they cannot see it] and every so often would shine into the tree line to locate said animals. The night was very slow and the skies were amazing clear as they usually are in the extreme rural area I was. I am very used to, and delighted, when I see satellites crossing through their atmospheric orbits, I will see "shooting stars", the occasional high altitude aircraft etc. Long story short I am familiar with and practiced at being in remote locations and recognizing what my surroundings offer. I was resting comfortably and had noticed an aircraft passing at a normal speed/elevation with the red tail light blinking and all that - but - as it went out of view I noticed what I that was going to be a "shooting star" but as I watched it slowed, hovered and seemed to be in a direct line to my position [in my view as I was facing NE into a known heavy feral hog traveling path/location] but quite a distance from my physical location. My best guess is that it would be a mile to my NE gaze and about a mile up in the sky. As I noticed this object, my thought was that it could be an aircraft but I was unsure of what kind - it appeared circular, solid, and flashing blue-white - I watched for less than a minute before things took a turn. The object descended rapidly but stopped, moved in a Z like pattern to its original position [I thought at this point "a drone?" but the drone would have to be the size of a swimming pool to be as large and visible as this] with some exaggerated light flashes. At this point I felt conflicted and I did try to film the object but my iPhone could not gather enough light to film anything but the moon [full harvest moon]. I watched and waited for ?? but as I did I began to feel very uneasy, which is not usual for me in the woods, I felt like I should not shine a light, I should not make any attempts to be "known" or really, that I should be looking at this object. It was hard not to look though - as I watched the object moved at a very slight angle to the East but stopped again and was able to move in a completely vertical line to a higher elevation - at this point I was unnerved to the point in which I decided to leave my location and try to go completely unseen to where my vehicle was parked over 100 yards away - I basically snuck through the woods and got to my vehicle, jumped in, hauled ass with just the fog lights on until I reached main camp. The whole drive back on the trail I was on the phone with my wife describing what just happened and that I couldn't wait to get to camp and inside of a structure. I have no real explanation for that feeling except to say that I was not excited about what I had seen - not sure why. Nothing else happened that night or the next morning when I returned to my hunting location form the previous night [was back out by 5:30am - still dark] and of course - no object where it had been just hours before. I looked up natural phenomena and/or other possible explanations and the closest one I researched is 'Scintillation' but that does not account for what I saw - I would argue it could account for about 20% of the movement - maybe.
