{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-06-06 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490414","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/414/mufon-5490414.json","updb_database_id":5490414}
{cak} A bright light flashed at me like a camera shot from the old cameras

It was 1968 at 8:00pm on a summer night.I was gazing at the stars cause where I lived which was out in the valley, there was hardly any street lights so it was like you could grab a star right out of the sky. Here I am inside the yard, which was fenced off from the property we had.So here I am gazing at the stars when someone called my name. Now when I heard my name I thought it's one of my friends playing a joke on me but there's no way they would be out in the field in the dark.Our land was haunted, nobody would be out in the field after dark, you would take your life in your own hands. I looked out in the field to my right which I didn't see anybody. The voice came to me again and said to my left, I looked to my left and that's when I seen the small Grey and the tall skinny one out by the pump house. The pump house was a little building put over the well. They said, "Lee don't be afraid, keep looking over here. Strangely I wasn't scared, I kept my eyes on the two entities which had a camera but not any camera I ever saw but it look like it had a lens. So here I am starring over at these two entities, thinking to myself I should be running but I didn't, all the sudden a huge flash of light blinded me.Okay, I don't remember anything after that, not even to this day I cant get pass the flash. I'm looking at the stars, wow something tells me i better go in but to me I've only been out there for 15 minutes, but yeah I better go in. I go to go to my door and there is my brothers friends which were my friends also starring at me, saying, "Where have you been" I answered, "Right at the fence in the back" Lee don't lie, we checked the fence area, you weren't there.

"Come on Lee where did you go" I've been here all this time, I haven't went anywhere are you crazy" "Go in and see what time it is" I walked into the house and to my astonishment the Johnny Carson show is on. That means I've been out there for six hours, no way, it can't be. I came back out and there was my Dad, very mad. "Where have you been" "Dad I was at the fence for only 15 minutes gazing at the stars" "You're lying, I went back there you were not there" I didn't get a spanking, thank God but to this day, I don't know what happen. I can remember everything like it was yesterday, i was only Eight years old but I can remember clear as day until that flash of light. What is strange is, I was taught to run if a stranger was near and I didn't know him but in this case I did what was asked of me. I haven't told nobody about this until now.I guess I was scared that people would think I was crazy, especially during the time i was growing up.I would really like to know what happen,I know you can't tell me exactly what happen but thanks for this site and letting me tell my story. I'm sorry there is no pictures, I did go by the pump house, the weeds that were there by the pump house was smashed down, like somebody was standing but no foot prints.
