{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5496989.json","updb_database_id":5496989}
Observed white orb out rear port window on BA 193 from Heathrow to London and filmed 4 clips

I shot 4 clips on 17 April 2014 on BA flight 193 from Heathrow to Dallas. The flight departed at 11:55 GMT and arrived in Dallas in the afternoon (CST). 

It was just before 3pm (GMT) that I got up to stretch my legs. We were well over the Atlantic ocean by this point. I went to the rear - port side of the plane and saw the orb outside the rear port side window. I had my iPad with me as I didn't want to leave it on my seat. So I filmed what I saw.

I only noticed the bright, white orb with my naked eye. What I saw on playback is what really astounded me. On close inspection of the 1st clip you will see a much smaller black 'craft' come to the left of the white orb and hover there for a bit. Then you will also see it shoot straight up. 

On the second clip - if you inspect it frame by frame, there is something very strange going on - going past the window at a very high rate of speed. 

There is also a sparkly white object to the right of the main white orb, at various times throughout all of the first three clips. 

As the turbulence was getting quite bad, I was asked to go to my seat and strap in. It was about half an hour later that I was allowed to get up again - and that's when I filmed the 4th clip. There was no orb any longer, and the weather seemed clearer. You can see the time stamps on the video clips.

The white orb seemed to be tracking with the flight. It seemed to be quite a distance from us - but it's difficult to estimate how far away it truly was, and therefore extremely difficult for me to estimate how large it may have been. I wasn't sure what I was seeing when I first noticed it, because I looked up to the skyline - to see if I could see the sun - and also to get my bearings. Then I looked back down at the orb and it was definitely below the plane at some distance - but still above the clouds (we were flying around 30,000 feet high). 

I felt oddly calm during the whole ordeal. I was on my way to Texas to care for my ill father, so perhaps that had something to do with my demeanour. I don't know. 

Most of the people on the flight had their blinds drawn on their windows, so I don't know if anyone else saw it. 

I agree to share the videos with Mufon, but I reserve my rights of ownership of the footage, without predjudice.
