{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5484989.json","updb_database_id":5484989}
{rjl} i went out for a cigarette and saw them coming right past my line of sight as i looked up

early one evening around 830 or 9 pm back in 2015 around the middle of june i was home and stepped out to my front porch to have a cigar as usual. I had just sat down on the porch swing and turned to face north,when i saw 2 or three round orb objects glowing with an undulating fire which appeared to be coming from its interior but the objects also appeared to have a definitive edge outlining their perfect orb shape.they came from the east and traveled west.they were not an equal distance from each other and moved with a swooping changing of direction ,almost a spiraling or balloon type of movement ,and mostly appeared as balloons tied together. but with a horizontal speed of about 80-100 mph. the way they appeared tied together as they traveled west is the way that they changed altitude by 50-100 feet or so and also in a snake like fashion side to side by just as much. they looked to be the size of large cars or trucks, that were 500 ft up and 1/4 mile out, definitely a strange flight path. so i smoked and went inside . and could not stop thinking about the three weird fire balloons tied together flying by like a snake.thats when things got interesting when i went back outside on the porch to gaze into the sky and ponder what i just saw. Then all of a sudden here come three more over the tree top from the very same direction ,so i ran out to the street to follow a line of sight on them as they also moved west. then one more came over the tree top then two more then about four more appeared over the trees to the east of me . A total of about 8 or ten they all appeared to be tied together by some invisible thread as they snaked their way to the west.even though they were all at different distances to each other.Just as the last of them went by i heard my neighbors holler out ,hey look at that !! and i hollered back at them ...Did you see that ? they all replied yes! I never went to their house and questioned them about that night ,but i also cant stop thinking about it either . that brings me here. thanks for listening William
