{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41111","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5516989.json","updb_database_id":5516989}
{nd} Small definitely solid object appeared near my bedroom ceiling descended then disappeared.

Over the past year and a half I have experienced various imagery in my bedroom in the early morning hours before sunrise. Until about a month ago, the images all looked like holograms. They were usually actively moving around but they havent looked solid. For the first year I didn't know if this was imagination, paranormal or what. However a few months ago in the middle of a two or three night episode I looked out the window and there were two triangle shaped craft hovering nearly directly above our apartment building. The same thing happened a week later (lots of images, then craft hovering directly over head.) So, Im convinced that these two years of indoor image displays are being delivered by some sort of Alien intelligence. 
 This report describes my second experience within two months with something appearing at my bedroom ceiling that looked 100% solid and 3D.. This time it appeared in the same spot in the ceiling as the previous solid-looking object. First, my attention was caught by a triangle of rainbow light appearing on the ceiling. It looked like the swirling colors you sometimes see on the surface of a soap bubble, but with more colors. Much prettier. Next a little spaceship-looking object materialized and you could tell the previous triangle of light had been coming out of a single headlight/window on the very tip end of the spaceships bow. The object then turned toward me, slowly floating off the ceiling, giving me a full front-on view. I glanced away for a second and then back, it was gone. It was all white but had some other color around the edges of the fins. From head-on, the headlight was a very pretty light blue color like a glowing terquoise. The next morning, I made a detailed drawing of the ship from various angles which I have attached to this report. Please forgive the pathetic drawing skill but I think it is close enough to what I experienced to give you the idea.
