{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-16 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5486989.json","updb_database_id":5486989}
{rjl} Cell phone footage from back porch November 16 2015 at 3:30 am..the light at bottom is the neighbor outside light pole half block away. that is me zooming in and out and panning the area. you will see neighborhood lights for reference points.

Cell phone footage from back porch November 16 2015 at 3:30 am..the light at bottom is the neighbor outside light pole half block away. that is me zooming in and out and panning the area. you will see neighborhood lights for reference points. what made me look outside was an overwhelming sense to look. i was fixing a snack for myself because i had insomnia. i put the food in microwave and looked out the back door window. noticed the pulsating colors immediately went and put on shoes and jacket grabbed cell phone. set the camera to video and stepped out onto the deck and to my amazement i was able to see it..starting the video and referenced the neighbors street light pole. began recording and tried to pan around and see if i was able to pick up stars or anything else. the lights other than the pulsating one are all from neighbors homes and street lights. went in after 3 minutes or so microwave was beeping..ate snack, decided to look out again and it had moved to a different location from left side of light to right side. i had noticed a second red light, and a tiny white light. i tried to capture the red light to the left of the object and barely could see it on the camera. then returned to the original object and it slowly moved behind a branch. i refocused on it and it suddenly was no longer there. this was an extremely exciting capture as i have noticed either the same object or similar one in the same vicinity of my neighborhood,but was unable to capture it. I am not sure what this is, but suspect that i have captured a UFO on video.
