{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-19 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5288989.json","updb_database_id":5288989}
Not sure what I saw

As I was watching the sky as I usually do. I noticed a group of objects that caught my attention. At first I thought they were planes but noticed they were all flying close together so then I thought they were birds.. but then I quickly wondered what type of birds of that color in that altitude that fly in a big group. In this region at this time of year. from the distance that I was able to observe they did not appear to be birds so I grabbed my binoculars which were about 15 ft away. As I tried to focus on the objects, I noticed they were starting to change directions almost scattering. Even through the binoculars I was not able to see exactly what they were. I noticed what appeared to be a wingspan. But I did not notice any flapping to verify that they were birds. They look like they were just gliding in the sky. As I reached and fumbled for my cell phone to record this. I had a hard time trying to find the objects on my screen and zoom on the objects at the same time. It was bright outside at that time of the day so it was really hard to see what I was recording on my screen. I'm still not convinced they were birds. They did not show any characteristics of birds. I later went over the video that I recorded and tried to stabilize it as much as I could and took screenshots and zoomed in but still not really able to determine what the objects were. I was able to slow down the video and noticed that the objects were reflecting light Again what caught my attention was the formation they were traveling and the fact that they look like planes at first glance. This is not the first sighting that I have I had one two days before at 5:30am. 3 objects within 10 minutes. But one I'm convinced was a satellite. I'm sending the original video which is about 23 seconds long if you slow it down at the beginning you could see the objects. The video I recorded towards the end of the sighting. The short video was just a short glimpse towards the end of the video. I know it's not the best quality but everything just happened so quickly. I'm also sending a quick sketch of the formation of the objects that first caught my attention. Also sent a couple of screenshots if you zoom in you could see the objects and more or less get an idea of how high of an altitude they were. maybe this could be nothing maybe it was birds I don't know I'm still not convinced.
