{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-23 04:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103561","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5457989.json","updb_database_id":5457989}
{rjl} Witnessed Triangular Shape Craft Flying Around Hillsboro Agriculteral/Rural area by 26

9/23/19: Driving east on Evergreen Rd from Jackson School Road at 4:25 am and noticed a white light traveling eastward and appeared to be just north of 26 freeway. It caught my attention for some reason, like it was either bigger or brighter than I was used to seeing from airplanes (it was still very dark out) and I felt it was traveling slower as well. I wondered if it was a UFO but then it must've changed angles a little and I noticed a red light as well but smaller. Then I said to myself, "no, it's just a plane" and didn't think about it until I got to the intersection of Evergreen and Brookwood Pkwy and stopped for the traffic light. Then when I checked again it was now headed south towards the intersection (up Brookwood between the road and Genentech factory). It was traveling slow and was now much lower to the ground, like maybe three to four telephone poles high (my mind then thought it might be a helicopter based on the speed---it was still dark out and all I could see was the white light and sometimes the red light

Just before it got to the intersection, the craft banked hard and started heading Northwest (basically did a u-turn traveling diagonally across Genentech and headed towards the North Plains area. It was when this thing was banking, that I finally got to see it. It was low enough and the lights from the streets allowed me to catch some of it and was shocked by what I saw. This craft was triangular, with the point being the front. The length was maybe 1-2 buses and the width the length of 1-2 cars. I turned off my radio and rolled down my driver side window and rear driver side window and poked my head out to get a better look and hear it. This thing made no sound at all ! I didn't hear any motors, humming or any type of propulsion. It was like gliding or something. I don't know how the thing was being powered. I'm not sure but I may have heard the sound of wind or the sound of the friction of wind coming off of it as it made that hard banking turn but as my day progressed thinking about it, I'm just not certain of this detail anymore. But I am positive the craft itself was not making a sound. The bottom side of this craft was flat but textured. It appeared to be mostly greyish, possibly light green but it was very hard to discern since it was still dark out and had very little light being exposed to it. I saw no landing gear at all. From what I can recall I believe the white and red light were on the back of the craft. It didn't appear very thick (bottom to top) it actually appeared thin as best as I could tell but my vision of that was a shadowy outline on top due to lack of visibility. Completely caught off guard, I grabbed for my phone but it was too late because it was heading away from me and back into the darkness. 

I turned left onto Brookwood towards 26 freeway and hoping it would come back in my direction but it was heading diagonally across those open fields towards North Plains and I got on the freeway west to go to work. Speed ? When that thing was approaching the intersection it was going slow and when it made the hard turn, if I had to guess, it sounds crazy but maybe 35 to 55 mph. I do know it picked up speed once it straightened out traveling towards North Plains because as I was headed to the freeway doing 50-60 mph, it was losing me but it was hard to judge that speed since it was traveling diagonally away from me but if I had to guess I'd say 80-120 mph.
