{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-15 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5492989.json","updb_database_id":5492989}
{cak} Star like object floated over house shoot straight up into space.

On June 15, 2015 between 11:30 and 11:45 a star like object moved east as if it were floating
I thought it was a satellite but when it got over my house it curled upward in a backwards horseshoe pattern and went straight upward out of sight in less than 2 seconds. The object was the size of Venus the star or a little brighter it was like yellowish star. I thought it was a satellite the size of the space station but it was not. I like to star gaze and sometimes a plane will look like a bright orb because of the sun in the horizon and when they get close the light will dem and you can see the lights on the plane start blinking. Also as this object got closer my neighbors horses started making sounds and my other neighbors dogs started barking. They quit about a minute after the sighting. The other odd thing was about 5 minutes after the sighting we counted around 12 planes all different some moving faster than others flying in all different directions. I normally only see around 6 commercial planes flying at one time and usually no more than 3. These planes were military because they were fly fast and some even circled. I like to sit outside and watch stars and listen to nature at night it's really peaceful. I have never seen an object do what this one did and my friends and I are still talking about it. It as made me have trouble sleeping. I started not to report this because people think you are crazy my fianc1 doesn't believe us. I don't even want to tell anyone because they would just laugh. It was just the way this object shoot into the air like nothing and was gone. I know of nothing man made that could do that it went straight into space with ease and the way it floated across the sky like it was gliding there was also no sound until the dogs and horses began acting up.
