{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-09 17:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5505989.json","updb_database_id":5505989}
{kt}Hovering, pulsing red light seeen from Highway that eventually started moving slowly, then moved fast away in the distance

The light was first observed by the person in the passengers seat who pointed it out to us. As a light or object flying in the dark distance is uncertain in the dark, but it was over the hill to the right and coming toward the highway, maybe about 1,500 to 1,000 feet up and about 2,000 feet away. It was approaching the highway and coming toward us, crossing our vision.
 Something about this made it look strange, and out of the ordinary, including its movement, but nothing glaring about it said it could not be a plane at first, we could see no strobes flashing and it was not bright enough for a landing light. Planes come in to land at Gnoss field but not this far out or from this direction and contrary to the landing pattern. 
 It was off to the center right of the windshield, and lit a red orange. My first impression was that it looked like a landing light, but it was red-orange instead of a brilliant white. My next thought was possibly a helicopter. We could see it clearly. At first it looked like a solid light. After a short time, I began to see that it seemed to glow brighter and then fade. Eventually It began pulsing. I started counting the pulses, and found they were about 1 second intervals. A strobe flashes at this rate, but it flashed, bright and on an off, on and off. This was a distinct pulsing glow and it would sometimes get mush brighter and sometimes it went dimmer, but did not go out - bright, dim, bright, dim. 

 It looked immediately strange, It moved from the right slowly to the left in a way only a helicopter might but as it crossed our vision, still no strobes. It crossed the windshield and over the highway, loosing altitude, to go over the Petaluma Wetlands. - 

[Number removed/cms/tg]

12/9/13, about 6:42pm, and Dark out. Clear sky, stars visible, highway traffic was light.  We had just left Petaluma and were away from the towns lights. We were 3 people, Monday, Dec 9th, in a Honda Odesy driving south on Hwy 101 at night, about 6:42pm. - For the first sighting: I was in the seat behind the driver, who was my mother. All 3 of us saw this, but I had the longest viewing.

****
  A Second sighting: (involving 2 flying objects or lights) I will report this in a separate report, as MUFON has no way to report multiple sightings together - A few days later we saw 2, low flying, nearly identical lights, right over the city of Petaluma. It started when we first observed the light as we said good bye to some friends, after leaving a cafe. They saw it too, but were just getting in their car to leave. We stayed and watched until we decided to get in my car and give chase. This time, I was the driver. We also got out and observed the lights. One flew towards us and then away over a hill. We attempted to follow and lost it behind the hill, only to have one passenger see it reappear right in mid air, or another just like it. It emerged again, close to where we had originally seen it. This time it followed a similar pattern and disappeared again behind the hill in the same direction, but a little farther north in location.
****
  First Dec 9th sighting continued:
  We had just left Petaluma and were away from the towns lights. The light was first observed by the person in the passengers seat who pointed it out to us. Distance was hard to judge in the dark, but it over the hill and coming toward the highway, maybe about 1,500 to 1,000 feet up and about 2,000 feet away. It was approaching the highway and getting slightly closer.
 Something about this made it look out of the ordinary, including its movement, but nothing glaring about it said it could not be a plane at first, except there were no strobes and I assessed it was not bright enough for a landing light. Planes come in to land at Gnoss field but this was outside the landing pattern and coming from the wrong direction. 
 It was off to the center right of the windshield, clearly red orange. We could see it clearly. At first it looked like a solid light. After a short time, I began to see that it seemed to glow brighter and then fade. It began pulsing. I began counting the pulses, and found they were about 1 second intervals, but a strobe flashes at this rate, not pulses. This would not go out and it got bright, then dim, bright, then dim. 
  I assessed to see if it might be a helicopter. It loved from the right slowly to the left in a way only a helicopter might, but the movement was strange. 
  It crossed our vision of the windshield to the right over the marsh. Finally, I was looking out the side window to see it. I rolled down the window and braved the frigid air to have an even clearer, cleaner look at it. Looked like the red lights on top of the antennae by the Gnoss Field municipal airport, but those are 4 antennae together, with multiple lights and only about 200 feet tall. Gnoss was about 2 miles south.  The 4 antennae are together, with multiple lights all the way up them and only about 200 feet tall and this hovered at about 1,500 - 2,000 feet up. 

The light hovered over the marsh but was not still. It was moving but hard to tell how much due to the movement of our car down the highway. As we traveled on the highway, I was able to determine that it was not going anywhere, but rather maintaining itself over an area 
   confirm that it was not going anywhere, but rather maintaining itself over an area.
Finally, it started moving south along side us, slowly at first, paralleling the highway and eventually began overtaking our car.
It headed out away from us. other planes were now visible in the distance and crossing at higher altitudes. It headed out over the bay, still at a low altitude. I followd it as long as i could. I lost it occasionally behind a hill behind a the hills to our right, but would regain it unlit I lost sight of it in Novato.

[Number removed/cms/tg]
