{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-23 18:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6038,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5491989.json","updb_database_id":5491989}
{jpg} Mom saw moving stars in broad daylight, I laughed then came out and saw them and panicked, got my phone and filmed the 4 star like lights hovering.

Alright lets start with what was going on the weeks before this happened and it will all come together. My mother had finally become aware of chem trails which I had pointed out years prior only to hear her laugh at me and my conspiracy stuff. She was over the top with it in my opinion and EVERY cloud she saw was suspect and became a lil boy cried wolf situation. I had run outside to look at what she was yelling about many times only to see stuff that wasn't anything special to me. Well on April 23rd 2014 I was in my room working on music I was either making a beat or mixing a song not sure exactly but one of the two, my mom was downstairs outside our apartment taking pics of chem trails yelling and saying I have to come see this. I laughed saying nobody cares I've been telling people for years, but she persisted and got more frantic. Her tone changed to where I heard the sound of my mom thinking I'm stupid and crazy if I don't believe her. So reluctantly I come outside, she says "tell me you don't see that s*** in the sky they were just bouncing all over the place" and the look on her face told me she really saw something. I look up and at first glance I didn't see them, I thought to myself that my mom had truly lost it. I say "I don't actually what the hell are you talking about mom" she stomped her foot, grabbed my hand and pointed to the south east looking over our complex. That's when I felt a feeling I've never felt before it was beautiful and scary yet weird and strange all at the same time with a bunch of relief because I am a believer. Right before me were what looked like 4 stars in broad daylight, I couldn't believe it they were like mini sun's just chilling in the clear above my complex sorta in the shape of an offset square, you know like the lil dipper without it's handle. Well I grabbed the binoculars from my mom cuz she couldn't find them with them and I look... That's when I was hit with a life changing moment!!! I saw what looked like a flying vimana spinning at a very fast rate and kinda wobbled like spinning a top. It looked like it was chrome I could see the sun reflecting off all it's edges and had red lights spinning in the opposite direction in the middle of it. I think that was from the speed it was spinning at kinda like seeing lug nuts on a big rig when you are driving by it on the freeway trucks wheels are moving forward but the lug nuts look like they are going backwards. Thats how the red lights looked and I actually could see that they were round red lights perfectly spaced apart. Without the binoculars they looked like a set of stars hanging in the sky but were slowly spreading apart. I was SHOCKED I can't even explain the feeling that went through my body except that I felt like a kid spying on their parents and saw something I wasn't supposed to see. I dropped the binoculars and ran upstairs as fast as I could and grabbed my phone so I could document what I just saw. I watch enough alien shows to know this HAD to be filmed and I hoped like hell they were still there. I come back outside and they are still there, but now the formation had spread apart and the bottom right one looked like it was moving further east and moving south at the same time. The square was stretched out and looked more like a triangle and so I just started filming. Zoomed in all the way on my Samsung Galaxy S3, I wish I could've gotten it closer to show what I saw through the binoculars. Now I totally understand why UFO footage is never that great, I actually had just gotten a DSLR but it was in the shop that week! Not to mention you just panic and kinda lose your senses a bit, I didn't know what to do I wanted to just sit there and watch it through the binoculars since it was so amazing but I knew I had to get footage of it and all I had was my damn phone. You can hear my reaction to it and my mom in the background asking if they were still there and a bird swoops by in one of the frames towards the end that gives a good distance ratio for the pro's. The footage is shakey since it's zoomed in at parts, I'm giving the raw video and one I cleaned up and slowed down when I zoom in because it's hard to see but they are there and I'm giving both files. Nobody can explain this to me and anyone I have shown was a bit tripped out. I know what I saw through binoculars I'm not sure if all 4 looked the same up close I just locked on to one since it wasn't easy and what I saw shook me to my core that lil chrome thing was just spinning so fast. As for losing sight they just spread out a lil more and faded out and disappeared. My mother and I will gladly answer any questions that come out of this, she said that they were zipping back and forth above our apartments and that is what caught her attention and then they just froze in the position that I filmed them in. Not sure what else to say this has bugged me for over a year now and I just had to send it to MUFON because I caught something special and I know what I saw through binoculars...
