{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-13 16:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528989","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2406,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/989/mufon-5528989.json","updb_database_id":5528989}
Strobe Like Blinking Form

Well me and a friend went out from our computer rooms laughing and joking and all that discussing about stuff about work. We went on the porch to smoke a cigarettes. Well we always look at the sky cause we watch the spartan planes for students fly over all the time and talk about stuff. We saw a Hawk after a spartan plane but i noticed a blink oval object going across the sky. Now it was during the day the sun was shining so i was assuming it was a plane and not a bird but it was way above near the cloud lines. It kept going on a straight path slowly just blinking with a strobe like with it.....but what caught me off guard was it stopped and ziz zagged fast in a pyramid formation fast and then went back onto its course it was going and it just vanished...it was like it slowly cloaked itself after that formation. I personally don't believe in all that but when i saw that i about fell off the porch and drop my cigerate. I well tell you this i can't explain what i saw but i know for a fact it was not a plane or bird because we both saw it i am not sure what the hell it was....but i think it was the coolest thing i ever saw but I'm still freaked out about it cause i cant explain what happened...The time happened around 4 to 4:15 pm going above Oral Roberts university in Tulsa we live in jenks which is across riverside from Tulsa but we saw it up close and personal whatever it was. My reaction was what the BEEP was that ? I was like its time to go inside. Like i said i wasn't to sure who i could tell this to or whatever but this is the first time i kinda did get excited about something i never thought would be possible to ever see because in fact i never believed in that kinda stuff except in movies. But thanks for listening to me.

*(Wit's first name deleted--CMS/sg.
