{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5514307.json","updb_database_id":5514307}
(GS) lights came the first night, then starlike orbs that changed colors

I have lived in Az. for only a year, before I lived in Colorado, before that it I lived in Oklahoma. Every state I have lived in I noticed a starlike object which seemed to follow me. I would proseed to get my wife and of course she didn't see it. We decided to move to Colorado from Oklahoma in the meantime my dreams have been uncomfortable to where I only sleep three to four hours a night always woken up at 3:00 or 3:33 on the dot. I have woken up outside many of nights? so from Colorado we moved to Arizona and everything has intensafied. Night after night I would take pictures of the starlike orbs which would hover and change directions like nothing I had ever seen. I see things that arent there to anyone else but me until recent events. Now my wife and dogs are witness to weird activities of the strange kind. Large Owls approaching me, the feeling of being taken from my home, shadows moving in the night, along with tall humanlike people scaring the crap out of me. My dreams feel like Im awake, and when Im awke I feel as if it is a dream. I was contacted by phone, concerning a post to a video a stumbled upon. I posted a comment to the video. The next day a unknown call came to my phone I was asked to meet at a place close to my home. The gentalman I met walked with a cain. He during our conversation enformed me about things that sounded like a Science Fiction movie. He told me because of my post to the video he had to meet with me. He proceeded to give me pic of things that I can only say in person. After the four hour talk, he told me that I was being watched by some seceret government?!? I said to him why, Im a nobody no colleged education I just graduated high school. I know a lot about the Bible from my parents. I am a PK (preachers kid). This gentalman seemed to be disturbed by something he was constantly looking around and worried about something. He said my mind has not been tainted with what is going on? Then like clock work he said you can reach people that I cant. I said to him like what or who? He told me the youth of today, and got up and left. I sat there for 10 to 20min longer and then went back home. Two guys approached me at my home in a silver car, like a police they wouldnt show IDs, they were very tall. One talked to me and demanded to see the information given to me from the gentalman at the restrant. I was stunned, and confused I acted like I didn't know what he was talking about they looked and sounded very weird, robotic like. The other weird guy just walked in my house. I ran in after him he started taking things my camera, my bible my notebook. I felt like I could not move or talk. One of these things told me I was not suppose to have this info?! All I could do was cry... I said to myself Jesus help me when all of the sudden they just disappeared when I came to my dogs were going crazy, my door to my home was open and no-one was here in my home. they took all my things that were given to me by the guy I met. Today that silver car was outside my gate no visible tags are in sight??
