{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5518307.json","updb_database_id":5518307}
cylinder/missle shape object circled my mom and I 4 times.

Im 24 and I live in Bonita Springs,Florida. I saw something in the sky tonight (June 8,2012 around midnight). I was walking our dogs with my mom and we heard a weird noise and saw something in the sky. we thought it was a helicopter at first but the shape proved that innacurate.It was a long cylinder shape and it moved slower than an airplane. the color seemed to blend in with the sky , as if it was almost camouflaged, we could in fact see the outline of the object. It had a red and green light on the front and came right at us and did 4 roundabouts each time coming right at us. its flight path was east then it did a turn and headed south,than west directly toward us, after getting close and going directly over our heads it would turn north, then east, then south and onto west toward us. I felt like it could see my mom and I and was headed right at us. I had no idea what it was and i just stood there frozen. I felt like it knew we were there and was specifically coming round in circles towards my mom and I. It circled and came directly at us a total of 4 times, one right after the other. I had a horrible feeling inside me.I felt afraid but was in such shock and so curious. I thought there had to be a plausible explanation. After all this isnt the first weird flying object ive seen near my house before. After the 4th fly by it went off into the distance heading northwest. I don't believe in UFOs but I cannot explain what I saw. I never heard of a cylinder shaped ufo so I went Inside the house got on the computer and looked up cylinder shaped helicopters. The results I received were cylinder UFOs . Upon looking at the images I realized it was exactly what I had seen. I wish my phone wasnt dead inside the house at that time otherwise i wouldve tried to somehow capture it on camera, but even so I was so frozen and felt so weird that taking pictures wasnt even on my mind at the time.Perhaps its just the government testing new technology.
