{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5502307.json","updb_database_id":5502307}
{nd} Earth to echo like experience but my phone beeped twice for yes and once for no

I was peeing in the backyard, I , had a feeling to look up and saw some stationary stars but 1 didnt seem right, when i thought that, it started to move, almost as fast as satellites but slower. it then changed direction , moved over another bright star, flashed once then the light looked as if it melted into one another. Now this is where it got freaky.. I thought to myself , Did I just see a UFO. then Suddenly my phone beeped twice.. Ive had this phone for 6-7 years and it never made this beep noise or anything like it.. its a cheap tracfone, nothing special. So, i then thought to myself Did my phone just beep to tell me yes I saw a UFO, and then Again it beeped twice. couldnt believe it! This beeping happened for almost a couple hours.. I still have the phone, and would love the FBI or someone high up to Dive into the records of Data to my phone for last year.. I will take a polygraph NO PROBLEM!! please it would help me and my family to do it.. This really happened.. So after a while of asking these questions and communicating. I honestly feel the Alien was joking with me, and at this point I thought it was the government doing this. but it wasnt.. is there anybody i can actually talk to like person to person. I ended up getting bakeracted after all this because of whatever they were doing to my brain. It felt as if they were wirelessly messing with my reality. Leading me around to nowhere. It got to the point that i could understand questions they were telepathically sending me. I no longer question theyre existence and still question Gods. If someone really could dive into this There HAS to be Proof of this somewhere in the Data,, my twitter was hacked after this. my computer was hacked and i still have everything, Investigators should be able to go back and line all this up through Data.. When this happened 2 cars of people where a couple houses down parked , they then got out and walked where there was no street light and everyone was looking at my house.. Someone within my phone company HAD to of told them and they came to see for there self. SO I guarantee Others know about this.. I just need the FBI to pull up my phone files and computer data, but they laugh at me when i tell them its alien or ET related.. Oh the coolest part when i go out of the mental ward down there and thats all on record, The being or government hacked my computer and wouldn't let me do anything. So i got angry and went outside and started arguing with it Mentally, and i was Not saying but thinking Aliens arent Real, and it was saying back yes we are, I said if your real appear right in front of me. and it couldnt , so i said your not real , you are made up in my mind, and all of the sudden , It said LOOK! and it was like it was pointing my head for me, cause i knew just where to look and OMG their is a Buddha like figure in the Sky ,It was facing east and then turned, well, rotated to the left to face north which was right at me, so it rotated and perfectly and I mean like it was on a bearing it rotated that good and the figure faced me for a couple seconds and then i seen a bright flash down by its right knee and the Poof it disentegrated. and All at once the Universe came together and I personally knew Our F'ing government is lying to us and THey are here!! They Exist. and since then i have been haunted to recreate the buddha image i saw and the mental image of the Aliens face and laughter.. When i closed my eyes it was like i could see what they wanted me to. And at time it felt as if IT was talking to another one.. I swear to Aliens that i am telling the absolute truth, i know it sounds far fetched but if it didnt happen to me, I would never of believed it.. It now makes me think how many other images did they project into the sky throughout time, like in the bible. Ever since this has happened. I see lights in the sky, stationary flashes, that lasts for sometimes half and hour. I just want to know why they chose me, why ive seen unexplained things throughout my life, not many but enough to question, wth did i just see. but now.. No longer any question about if they exist or not. They r here, and i dont trust them. Please someone with some get go and Tech nohow can pull this data out of whereever they keep it because there HAS to be files of this that people looked at too that just arent coming forward or allowed to say anything about it... I would love to talk more and i have ALOT more to say and what they were communicating. I just feel as if they are here to somehow study us like a planet wide ant farm. and they are always up there watching us. They not only can read our minds. They can see through our eyes like they steped into our bodies. They said that. well it was more like , I can see through your eyes. thats some of the messages i was recieving ,, IT was SO cool and scary. and since my family did not experience this I feel like Richard Dreyfuss in the movie trying to explain what he saw and what happened and his family looking at him like an idiot. This changed me for Life. I use to have this struggle Is God real or are Aliens real. I no longer seek that answer. The answer i seek is Y? I know y they showed me the buddha. Ever heard of the term Buddha conciousness? where you have this ability to pick up energy from different places and energy just flowing around the globe, Esp , call it what you will but. I have it. So before all this started this guy named Jason Silva came out with a Video called "We are the Gods Now" so after thinking that jesus wasnt coming on 2012 and god didnt exist and the world would be fine. I see that video and its all the things ive been seeing put into video. After watching and becoming very emotional and crying is when i walked out back to pee and thats when this all started. oh this is another thing and my mother will tell you this. Ever since i was little i use to think i could see through peoples eyes as they passed me. It doesnt happen anymore but when i was younger i would actually visualize these things, So when the aliens told me that they could see through my eyes, I was like BAM i knew it, that feeling that i was having all along was THEM watching my life through me. Its like google glass but without google or the glass. They must have created us and thats why they can do it.. I swear its like we are a biological experiment and they study us. And i thought about it and said yeah If our scientist could go hover over a planet and study the biology there , Theyd be there in a heartbeat. Oh forgot the irradescent path of light, So as my phone was beeping and we were having these mental conversations it felt like i was being lead around , so i started walking and came upon this almost yellow brick road path but it was like an irredesent light path to a certain streetlamp, i still know the one and even went back after all this happened to see if it was still there , and it wasnt. Those Aholes kept me in that looney bin for almost a month, because i told them what i saw.Get this! They said ahh youve been smoking spice, and tried to give me some stuff called haldol and deprakote to make me somehow better. theyre going to try to make me take pills because , I saw a figure and lights in the sky. come on.. thats what im saying this is all on record. just has to be pulled out and everything lined up. from May 20 to August 2013. I dont have picture proof. but i guarantee you somewhere tracfone has all that information of the beeps because of the people showing up.. and Get this my 4 channel camera system thats been working and saving data since i bought it from amazon, is completely erased during that time. have no idea how that was done. And the guys that showed up in the cars that night when i was communicating with the ET somehow knew i had cameras cause they didnt come into camera view, they parked up the street and walked down to stand in the dark and stare at our house for 30m .  if theyre was Ever a chance of solid proof of a story its mine. just need the right people to get these records and data or just start to ask some questions , but definitely the lie detector , for my mother, she wants to believe me but , thats all i want from this is something to show her that this really did happen and the son that has been honest and loving for the past 33 years is Not lying. thats what hurts me is she dont believe me, she just thinks i had a breakdown of some sort. oh yeah the 3's and computer code. when all that happened i was seeing or noticing 3's everywhere and was seeing this kind of computer code in my mind. man ive got so much to say that happened and im just remembering things that happened. Omg you guys was this cool. Once you have an experience , you will no longer question things you once have. once you know theyre real, its like opening up the Cosmic peephole and saying " Eye SEE You "  now i understand atheist completely.
