{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-05-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5290307.json","updb_database_id":5290307}
Huge, dark black, flat aerial vehicle hovering over oil refinery; after passing under highway overpass, vehicle was no longer visible

This was before cell-phone camera computers so no recorded media. I think this was 2005, could have been 2004. Late spring, around noon, sunny day. I was driving from West Jordan, UT to Farmington, UT. I was headed north on I-215 and as the highway turned eastward, I began to notice a large, black object hovering over an oil refinery in the distance on my left. I continued to drive east on the highway towards the oil refinery, now Big West Oil (not sure if it has changed ownership since my sighting) and as the oil refinery got closer, I realized I was observing an aerial vehicle. The object appeared to be made from a deep dark black matte metal and it was keyed to match the footprint of the oil refinery. It was very large, but was short/flat with 90 degree angled sides. I heard no sounds, there were no apparent lights and the vehicle didn't have any apparent windows. It looked as though it was hooked into the top of the oil refinery somehow. There seemed to be a psychological component to this as well, which is very difficult to explain, but I'll do my best. As I drove along, I felt like I was seeing from a deeper conscious state. Almost like my normal consciousness was being intentionally clouded, but I was still aware of what I was seeing. Almost like a mental paralysis, where I didn't feel like trying to define what I was seeing, but in my deeper awareness knew it wasn't normal/ordinary and I should be trying to capture evidence. Like being frozen or buried somehow. I also had a sense of fear, like I was seeing something I wasn't suppose to be aware of. I continued to drive and came to a small overpass. When my car came out from under the overpass, this vehicle was gone or at least no longer apparent and the mental freezing/paralysis had left as well. The whole experience took about 5 minutes. I had about a week of difficult sleep/fear of abduction, then let it go.
