{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-03 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5512307.json","updb_database_id":5512307}
{cak} Looked like a plastic bag floating howeer it had lights.... yeah, weird!

It was roughly 615pm MST on 3-3-13 and I was cleaning up after dinner. I looked out my kitchen window (facing south) and observed what I initially thought was a plane then a I thought it might be a helicopter because it was coming towards in a relatively straight (north) trajectory. I watched it with my naked eyes for about 30 seconds until I observed it was not making any real directional changes. I guesstimate that it was roughly a half to one mile south of my location. We have a pair of binoculars in a drawer in the dining room area so I hustled around from the kitchen window area to get the binoculars and in the course of doing so called to my wife to come over to where I was because there was something weird in the sky. Please note, this location that I observed the object is in the immediate vicinity of air traffic into Sky Harbour in PHX, so I was a little puzzled as to the fact that this thing was just hoovering and moving at what I perceived to be slowly. So, I get the binoculars out of its pouch and located the object. I initially had a difficult time actually understanding what the heck it was I was looking at. It looked like a plastic bag floating but it "morphed" and it absolutely had some sort of lights on either side of it. Its funny how the brain/intellect tries to label it as a plane or a helicopter or something that it can process and understand. Anyway, I had the wife look at it through the binoculars. She saw it but was not able to really define what it was either. She was observing it for about 30 seconds until it started to "drift" back south, at which time we ran back to the kitchen window to watch it until it fell out of our line of sight. Interestingly enough, within a minute or two of the object moving back south, a SWA flight was inbound to PHX followed by another flight moments later. Its my humble opinion that whatever this thing was, it observed the fact that it was in someones airspace and had to move. I can not for the life of me imagine that we were the only ones that saw this thing. Its Spring Training baseball season here now and it was hoovering over south central Scottsdale, a fairly heavily populated area within Metro Phoenix. Also, I would have to say that it had to be near or directly over the 101 freeway thus being observable to many people traveling south on that freeway. In closing, Im no spring chicken, I was born the day the first issue of Rolling Stone came out so I have seen my fair share of different aircraft, not to mention that I have flown on many as well. There is no way on Gods green Earth that this was one of ours. Our boys have created some impressive aircraft but the way it "morphed" just wasnt something that I believe we have created yet. Combine that with the fact that I believe it may have unknowingly "wondered" into active airspace. It was interesting to observe and I feel fortunate to have seen it, what ever it was....
