{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-03 04:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5493307.json","updb_database_id":5493307}
{jpg} Only a stationary beam of light was observed, in between the space of two houses across the street. I was unable to see a craft.

This incident occurred the following morning that I witnessed two simultaneous star-like light orbs descend in an arc-like fashion withi the same vicinity as this incident. This sighting began when I got up and early in the morning for work. It was still dark outside. I went in the kitchen and turned on the dining room light as I entered our kitchen. I did not turn on the kitchen light, as I allowed the background light from the dining room to illuminate the kitchen sink area where I stood. I was getting ready to turn on the coffee maker when I noticed that it was incredibly dark outside. I noticed that the street lamp that is within view from my kitchen window was off, as well as my carport light. I wondered if the power had gone out and looked behind me to glance our the sliding glass door where the downtown area was illuminated. We live on a hill. I then realized that the power had not gone off because I had the dining room light on. As I looked out the window directly above the kitchen sink where I stood, I noticed a single column of light shining across the street. My first thought was that our neighbor left his garage door open because it was an different type of lighting, like a synthetic cool-white fluorescent light and not warm in shade tone. I realized that based on where the light was coming down, this tall block of light could not have been a garage door because our houses are not spaced directly across from one another, but adjacent. My direct view is to see in between my two neighbor's houses. This made me feel very strange, as though I had vertigo, as I thought about this realization. I stared continuously at this light and did not move. I suddenly had the urge to look at the time on the oven display, which read 4:44. I looked at the light again and said quietly to myself, "What IS that?" I felt the need to just stand and stare. Because of the window and blue oak tree in our front yard, I could not see where the light was actually eminating from. I do know that the trees within the light were not fluttering about as though a helicopter was shining a spotlight. It was silent outside. The light did not move at all. I felt like I could not look away and actually was unsure how long I actually stood there. I am assuming no longer than five minutes. As I stretched my neck forward close to the window and looked up toward the left to find the street lamp, I suddenly saw the light slowly turn back on. I glanced back toward the center of my view and noticed that our carport light was back on as well and the column of light was gone. I was stunned. I later thought that it was very odd that I didn't have the urge during that whole time to grab my camera. I didn't want to do anything except stare at it. I never saw what was actually projecting the light. I only saw the column of light and this is very odd because there are no lights or motion lights there. It was coming from above, anyway, directly in between the space of two houses...no more and no less. The largest Wintu settlement of California lived directly under our hill. Thousands were intentionally poisoned by Kit Carson (a pioneer) during a settlement many years ago. A "Friendship Feast."  I know the whole area is spiritually charged. There are are also large power line towers up here in our neighborhood.
