{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-07 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5284307.json","updb_database_id":5284307}
Oval object either landed or hovering very low, then someone got in. Weird lights. No noise. Then took off

I was out on a regular long run in my area, I go various routes around where I live. Running through woodland with my headtorch I see some sort of light in the field as I exit. My eyes adjust and a oval object is there in the field. Must have been around 30feet in width and only 10 or 15 foot in height Looked like it was landed but with the lights it could have been hovering just off ground. I just stopped in my tracks couldn't believe my eyes. I wasn't scared at all. I just watched for about a min or so. Then I noticed something or someone move nearby the object. I walked a little closer and it turned and looked at me. Hard to say but looked human, maybe smaller. Almost reflective single colour, but could have been a suit.  I felt very warm all of a sudden, then he almost seem to vanish under the object. Or get in. Cannot be sure. Then after about a min it rose up to around 25-30ft hovered with some bright warm lights that seemed fixed into surface. The surface seemed a dull grey matte colour. Couldn't see any windows or panels or wings, there was a slight hum, but no noise I could make out. The wind had seem to die down and everything around was quiet. It then rose higher and higher to around 100 to 200ft very quietly and smoothly. Then seemed to tilt as the lights moved around it. It was like the lights were not attached?!! Then it shot off like a bullet leaving a gun. With no noise.
I cannot explain what it was. I sat there for around 10mins trying to contemplate what I saw. I had no phone or watch as always run hard and fast with no distractions. Witnessing it I didn't even think about filming or running. I was in owe. 
I have always believed we are not alone. But I don't know what this was. I haven't told anyone except my wife yet, as no one will believe it. But it was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen and that cannot be taken away from me and it doesn't matter what others think or believe. But I wonder today if there will ever be day we will know what this is all about.
