{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-01 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5487307.json","updb_database_id":5487307}
Driving towards Orange Discus Shaped object below the horizon & above the road.Then loss of place and time.

In the early hours of a September day in 1999 around 05.30 (dark) I was driving on the A361 in a S/W direction towards Devizes,returning to my works depot after night time deliveries in the local area.When I noticed a orange discus shaped object hovering,about 20ft of the ground, BELOW the horizon about 400ft away from me in front of the road I was travelling on.
My first thoughts were "that's not right" or "that shouldn't be there" as I'm very familiar with surrounding area.The object was a solid vivid orange,like a DISCUS cut in half with a very small round light of the same colour next to it a fraction of the size of main object. It was a very vivid orange but it did not appear to illuminate the surrounding area which I thought was odd.
And the whole time I was travelling straight towards this object at speed of 50-60 mph.
I remember thinking at the time as I was rushing towards it the small light could be a street light but there's never been any street lights there and what is the other object?

That's my last memory of approaching the objects, the next thing I remember is the road rushing underneath me in my van and I pull into a lay-by on the outskirts of West Ashton, 12 miles the other side of the event!.It was then daylight and over 1 hour has passed. Why I pulled over was unusual as I was so close to getting back to work only 10 miles away, I normally would not have bothered. But I got out and whilst smoking a cigarette and looking at the sky (now daytime)in a N/NE direction I noticed a orange flash to my right in amongst the layers of Cumulus clouds which only lit up some of the cloud. This was then followed by two flashes on my left in different Cumulus clouds.
I finished my cigarette, smiled to myself (which anybody who knows me would say that's out of character and I found it odd myself) and drove back to work and then home only ever telling my wife what happened.

Fourteen years went by and I never gave it a second thought,but over the past two years it's really played on my mind, in my waking/daily/sleeping thoughts.
That's my story I know it sounds mad but I know what I saw and experienced and it's doing my head in!
