{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-10 15:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488307","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/307/mufon-5488307.json","updb_database_id":5488307}
{nd} i watched it for about 5 min. it looled like it was just crusing about 2-300mph..it was moving slower then a jet or plane

I was outside in a open area...as I was scanning the area...I looked up at the sky...and notice what appeared to be a plane or jet at first. but then I noticed it wasn't high enough or moving fast enough, to be either. as I watched it I didn't see any wings or a tail. It appeared cylinder or cigar shape as some would say. if I had a ruler and knew how to measure heights. I would say it was a foot long but then the more I looked at it the more it looked bigger about 50-100 ft. maybe..considering the height. I can not say. but I know if it had landed it would of covered at least a good 50+ft maybe more. the more I think on it the more I picture it in my mind. I say it could of easly covered 2 1/2 - 3 blocks. it was silver in color but it did not reflect the sunlight..even tho the sunrays were directly on it.would of reflected off of it. the sun was bright enough that I could see it was silver in color..and it was low enough where I could see it had no windows ,because the sun was hitting it directly and there was no reflection it was a solid silver object..but as I watched it I did see a reflection like something was on top of it. a little to the left of center. the reflection was not all along the side. but Just in one spot.even tho the object side was facing the sun. the object itself still did not show any reflection at any time. imagine chrome colored ink pen and u shine light on it and hold it flat not upright..as if to write. then shine a light on it.. u can see it has no reflection but u can see it appears silver in color all along the side. there were no other colors just a solid silver or chrome appearance..now to the left of center on top u get a reflection not from the side but from on top of it. like if u would hold a piece of tin foil so the sun would shine on it. how bright it would appear from say 50' And then multiply that light say by 7 times. give or take. that's how bright the reflection might appear.then multiply say a 2'x2' square piece of tinfoil...7 times that..giv or take..its hard for me to explain...I am not good at math..i am just guessing.
