Case No. 1708 13122021

Date: December 13, 2021.

Approximate Time: 21:31 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: C. P. R. P., 44 years old.

Description: On Monday, December 13, 2021, the former CEFAA received a report submitted through its web platform by the informant to report the sighting of what she considered an anomalous aerial phenomenon at 21:31 local time that day from Maipú, in the Santiago Metropolitan Region.
The witness stated she saw a flashing "car headlight"-like light suspended in the air for several minutes, from which she took videos from her yard and later from the second floor of her home. The object was reportedly seen and then disappeared heading north.

The user indicated in her report that she tried to send the videos, but the SEFAA web platform did not accept them. SEFAA wrote to the user the following day requesting the material and further details about the
Reported, but that message was never responded to by the reporter.

When revisiting pending and still open cases, on Wednesday, November 23, 2022,
a message was sent to the user again, but this time she did respond, stating
she had not received any messages in late 2021.

But what is more important is that the witness sent seven videos in MOV format
through the WeTransfer platform, as requested, and specified that she recorded
the images with the cameras of an iPhone 12 Pro Max phone.
The location where the informant was at the time of the sighting and recording of the phenomenon in a residential area of the commune of Maipú, in Santiago, in the Metropolitan Region, was georeferenced. (Figure 1)

Figure 1. The red point shows the user's location in Santiago at the time of the reported phenomenon sighting.

The videos show a white light point that turns on and off in a sequential and rhythmic manner, with a cloudy background and during twilight.
Some videos show parts of the street wiring, vegetation, air traffic, streetlights, and reflections.

Although the informant said the phenomenon was seen and disappeared heading north, when we review the sky chart for that day and time, we see that she was likely recording heading southwest, because to the west, Venus was visible with a magnitude of -4.85 and 15 degrees above the horizon, and Jupiter with a magnitude of -2.22 and 37 degrees above the horizon. (Figures 2 and 3)
Figure 2. As the camera moves to the left, this frame shows the planets Venus, below, and Jupiter, above.

Figure 3. What is seen in Figure 2 can be appreciated in the computer program Stellarium. The planet Saturn is also visible in this image, but it was not visible to the naked eye at that time as it had a magnitude of 0.71.

At 10 seconds into the last video, the reported light stops lighting up.
it disappears and the object becomes unperceptible for 13 seconds. Then, it returns to have the behavior of turning on and off in a sequential and rhythmic manner, and additionally starts to move slowly to the right of the screen. At 33 seconds into the video, the flying object from which the light emanates that turns on and off begins to be visible as a small point of light that moves and starts to descend.

Upon reviewing the images frame by frame and zooming in, it is seen that
In some instances, the luminous object adopts a reddish hue, while in other instances it appears green, as shown in Figures 4 and 5.

Figure 4. The reddish and green hues of the object can be observed in a frame-by-frame examination, such as these corresponding to frames 1194 and 1205 of the latest video, respectively.

Figure 5. The object from the previous frames, magnified x1191.
The red, green, and white lights are well-known in the aeronautical world, as ships and aircraft, including various types of drones, generally have navigation or priority lights, consisting of a red light mounted on the port or left side and a green one on the starboard or right side, as seen in Figure 6.

                                     Figure 6

These characteristics led to the hypothesis that what
A remote-piloted aircraft, known as RPAS or "drone", was reported.

Given this possibility, on Friday, November 25, 2022, an opinion was sought via email from an Air Operations Inspector of the Department of Operational Security of the DGAC and the Head of the Synthetic Trainers Section of the Licenses Subdepartment of the DSO, who are external advisors to the SEFAA.

Both specialists responded independently on the same day.
indicating that they believed what was reported was, in fact, a RPAS or drone.

Images: The user sent seven videos in MOV format, taken with an iPhone 12 Pro Max phone.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony, the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, and the opinions provided by the external consultants consulted, it was determined that what was reported was a remotely piloted aircraft (RPAS), commonly known as a "drone".
Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained".
