{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-27 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111662","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5291670.json","updb_database_id":5291670}
Green dot blinked above mountain seconds before a bight think light flash trail appeared and disappeared

I was driving in my car at around 7:45pm MST when a green blink made me turn my attention to right above the mountain line that I was driving directly toward and about half a second after the blink, what looked like an extremely bright red and white shooting star appeared from right where the dot blinked and disappeared right before the mountain horizon. My immediate reaction to seeing the green dot was, oh it must be a plane, but when the flash happened I literally looked to the other cars around to see if anyone else saw it too.

Some other background:
The sun sets at ~7pm here so to the east (where I was facing) the sun still leaves that glow on the horizon til about 8. When I was driving at 7:45, I could still see the glow, and because of the light there were absolutely zero stars visible until I looked directly above me through my sun roof, where the stars were feint. The streak I saw was much brighter and the line was fatter and it almost looked more like instead of a shooting star it was a shooting “planet.” Compared to the other stars above me, and the sun’s glow and lack of stars where it was located, it seemed very obviously out of place. This all happened within a matter of two seconds maybe.

Also on my way back in the other direction, on the other side of the mountain, but the same one, a red, as red as people’s break lights, star looking dot light was directly above the mountain, which has never ever been there before and I have driven this drive maybe 500 times and my whole life. Tried to take a video of this, but my phone couldn’t see it with the lights of the cars on the road.

Additionally, I saw a shooting star outside just before I began writing this, and the two things I saw tonight were COMPLETELY different. With a shooting star, you can kind of see it fade in and out of the atmosphere, kind of like it’s passing by. With the light streak I saw, it appeared bluntly out of nowhere, with no fade at all and disappeared just as bluntly.
