{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-21 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5284670.json","updb_database_id":5284670}
Larger than a commercial airplane low to the ground. Stationary with a set of 3 lights flashing.

I was on my way home from work driving down the HWY and saw what looked like a plane at first because it had flashing lights. Then I realized the number of lights and the color of the lights. 

I know planes have a red, and green light. Green on one wing tip red on the other wing tip. The closer I came to the craft I saw that it had 3 lights and the strangest part was that from (my) right to (my) left the lights would flash one after the other first all-white, 1.2.3. then all green. 1.2.3. This repeated several times as I was approaching. 

I believe several vehicles in front of me saw this as well as they were slowing down and the person in front of me almost side swiped the vehicle beside him. Several vehicles were swerving. I can’t attest that there were any other witnesses other than myself because I don’t know for certain that the other vehicles saw this. However, it seemed as though everyone was looking at it by the way the traffic changed suddenly. Not to mention the cars swerving as they were braking. 

When I went under it, I couldn’t make out a shape however I was on the HWY but only going about 35-40 miles per hour as everyone slowed down to see this. It did appear to be completely stationary. If I had to say a shape I would say it was slightly V shaped.
I don’t know how to judge how far up it was, but I can say it was very low to the ground. Passing under the craft I would say it was larger than a commercial aircraft. 

I have no doubt in my mind that what I was looking at was not a conventional aircraft. If I had not been in traffic and in awe of what I was seeing I would have stopped to photograph it. Honestly it wasn't until I arrived home that I thought to myself why didn't I stop. I have never witnessed a UFO before and have frequently thought why can't I see one. I never thought I ever would. This is something I will never forget.
