{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-02 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5519670.json","updb_database_id":5519670}
Round, diskoid, flat bottomed, ascended/descended, below tree top level

We have seen this object a number of times (5), since January on occasion.
Mostly from a distance. The appearance has been the same, tho in the past it was higher in the sky. On the 2nd, it was observed much closer. Previous sightings were from a moving car. On the 2nd, it appeared to be hovering approx. within 1 mile of our home...near an hillside, and below the tree top levels. During previous observations, the object did appear to wink out at one place and then wink back into view, at a considerable distance from its former location.

During the time we observed, it appeared to hover, then move up or down. The lights appeared to spin around the circumfrence of the object. There was no sequence to the lights, just random. It would, "wink", out and reappear. Also while the lights appeared to, "rotate", often all the colours of the lights mentioned above could sometimes be seen all at once.

It was cloudy and rainy that evening. Sighting lasted approx. 20 minutes.
Towards the end of the sighting, we did try to take a picture of the object with a cell phone camera....resulting photos were of very poor quality as they were taken thru a bedroom window.

Have no idea on altitude, except it was well under treetop level. There are homes on that hillside, but a daylight observation, using roof level on a carport as a guide, shows that there are no homes/buildings in that precise area.

When we attempted to take a 3rd photo of the object, it quickly winked out,
and we have not seen it since.

Our cats and dogs both seemed mildly agitated.

I had a distinct impression that the object was, "flat bottomed", as I felt
I could see a line of demarcation at the bottom.

The object appeared to be, "surrounded", by the haze of the lights, which I
suppose could have been caused by rain in the area.

We had an earlier sighting of what we believe was likely this same object, but at a much closer distance. We could observe much more detail on the object in that sighting, which occured along Highway 5 near Albany, Oregon.
That craft had very oddly shaped, "windows", for lack of a better word.
If that observation requires a second report to be made, I will oblige.

During the observation, the cloud level was above the tops of the surrounding hills, and the object appeared to be perhaps 100 feet below the tree top level...perhaps more.

Sorry this is not more organized...Im still rather puzzled that during all of our observations of this presumed same object, that no one else seemed to be taking notice of it. Most of the observations occured after at least 7:30 p.m., several as late as approx. 11:00 p.m.
