{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-28 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2512","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5549670.json","updb_database_id":5549670}
roundish, bright moving object.

when i was around ten or eleven years old,i was looking out the window of my room one night , looking for shooting stars. then i saw this roundish bright moving thing moveing slowly across the sky. i watched it for maybe 3 or 4 min. i think. then it speeded up in a upward way pretty fast. the next morning i told my folks. they just smiled saying , to much movies. soon afew more friends and family knew. then i told no one else about it. then the next night. i waited at the same window to see if i see it again. i waited for about two or three hrs. got tired and sleepy . my little brother was already sound asleep.i gone ahead and did the same and went to sleep . next thing i know, i awoke . my brother still asleep next to me . this something is on the bed with us,looking at me . now the bed is in the corner of the room under the window. imscared out my skin . if you ever been scared as a kid, you know the be verystill thing. thinking it wont see us or it go away. that is what i did .imscared, sweating. trying not to breath that loud . i try to move my hand whileunder the covers. hopeing that it not see my hand move twards my little brothersarm. i start to thump him on the arm, but he does not wakeup. so, i start topinch him on the arm, the side, or the leg, but he doesent wake up. so i stare,this thing stares back. next thing i know is, that its morning. now, when myfolks see my little brothers arm, side, and leg. they see the red marks and thebruses from the pinches i gave him trying to get him to wake up. after that, igot the belt put on my back side. pretty good to, for what i did to my brother.then i started to have these dreams , and my sences gotten better. strangethings started to happen to me.example . the dreams that i get is always in the same room everytime. the sameperson everytime. they keep showing me things. teaching me how to use them
