{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-07-22 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5451670.json","updb_database_id":5451670}
Circular silver disk shaped object, domed top, pulsating rotating lights underneath slowly floating in a south, just above tree hight

This event took place on July 2002 approximately 7:30pm in Pittsfield Illinois. I was 12 years old, outside playing with some friends, trying to get in as much fun as we could before the streetlights came on and we had to go home. We were throwing a ball around when all the sudden my friend just dropped the ball and took off sprinting toward their home without saying anything. I thought I had done something wrong or maybe they forgot to do something or maybe they were going to get in trouble, I had no idea. I called out and they did not respond, just kept running. I went to pick up the ball, and once I got it and turned around back towards my house, I saw what made them run home. Maybe 20 or 30 ft above tree level, there was a silver circular/disk shaped thing (craft) with a domed top hovering, slowly drifting South at a pace no faster than a leisurely walk. On the bottom of the craft there were 3 large lights forming a triangle shape that pulsated between red, yellow, and white, and they rotated slowly counterclockwise in a circle. Around the bottom lip of the craft there were smaller white lights that did not pulsate or change color but encompassed the entire outer rim of the craft. I looked back to see if my friend was still running home or if they stopped to look back, but when I looked, they were gone. They lived two blocks straight down the road and you could see their house from mine. Surely couldn't have made it that far in what felt like only a couple of seconds, but I didn't think much about that then because I turned to look back at the craft slowly hovering above the houses and trees. There was no sound. No smell. No trail left. Nothing but the sight of it and a deep vibration every time the lights pulsed. I don’t really know how to describe the vibration, as it wasn’t an audible thing, it was more like a vibration that radiated deep within your body. If you could “feel the inside of your body”, your core, that’s what vibrated with the lights. Was it a resonance of the energy within my body reacting to the technology from the craft? I have no idea how else to explain it. I watched as it slowly drifted over one house and then another and then another before I realized that I was standing out in the middle of the street and that I could no longer hear anything. No birds, no cicadas, no dogs barking, no cars, nobody working in their yards or grilling outside, or swimming, no cars passing. It was like time suddenly stood still and the only thing I could do was stand by myself outside and watch as these rotating lights pulsated from red to yellow to white, and repeat over and over and over as it drifted. It dawned on me that I HAD to capture a picture of this to prove I wasn't hallucinating, so I ran inside as fast as I could and grabbed my purple I-Zone polaroid camera (I was 12 it was the best I had) from my desk by the TV and bolted back out the door to where I had just seen the craft. But before I could make it back outside, I noticed the TV buzzing. It was one of those small black boxy TV’s with the VCR built in, nothing fancy. It was not turned on, but it still was making a static pattern, but it was not the typical white noise I was familiar with. There was a definite pattern in it. like "vzz vzzzz vzz vzzzz vzz vzz vzzzzzz". I felt compelled to reach my hand out to touch the screen and feel these vibrations, but before I even made contact with the screen a bright blue (and painful) static shock snapped out to the tip of my finger and shot through my entire arm right, painfully. It startled me enough that I yelped and took off to run back outside clenching the camera. Running inside took less than 30 seconds, but when I got back to where I had just seen the craft drifting last, it was almost out of sight, maybe blocks down and started drifting in a SW direction towards the outer edge of town. I still tried to snap a picture, but the figure was too far away to see anything on the tiny polaroid that came out. After the picture had developed and I looked back to the sky, the craft was no longer visible. And I haven’t seen it since. I remember trying to tell my mom what I had just witnessed when I got back inside, and she told me I had an overactive imagination and disregarded the incident completely. The next morning, I asked my friend if they saw what I saw, and they had 0 recollection of running home or seeing anything. I became upset and tried to argue, thinking they were lying because they were embarrassed or scared of what had happened. I mean, how could you forget something like that! I felt like I was all alone in what I had just witnessed. Or that everyone else knew to keep quiet about it or something. How could nobody else have seen what had just happened so plainly in the daylight, as the sun did not set until shortly after 8:30pm. There were people outside originally, before we noticed the craft. I know this because we had not eaten supper yet and we kept commenting on how good the BBQ a couple houses down smelled while we were tossing the ball back and forth. There were also splashing sounds from people playing in their pools and you could faintly smell the chlorine from the water. And there were dogs barking and lawn mowers rumbling a in the distance. Why would everyone else have gone inside at the exact moment or just before the craft appeared? Why would all traffic stop traveling down that particular area in that exact time frame? Why did the animals and bugs stop making noise? Why didn’t my mom believe me when I said I saw something? What was the static from the tv and why did it zap me so hard I felt it through my entire arm? What was the vibration pulsating with the lights on the underside of the craft? What DID I just see? There were SO many questions I had, and still have, about the incident. I buried that experience for a long time, thinking it had to have been a dream or an altered memory of some kind... But its not. It is still as vivid as the day it happened. I have had strange dreams before, who hasn’t. But you don’t remember those dreams almost 18 years later in the same distinct detail that you do with experiences you’ve lived through. To be honest, I wish it would happen again, even if its for selfish validation.
