{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1951-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5505670.json","updb_database_id":5505670}
{rjl} It hovered over me then landed about a 100 ft. away then 2 beings came back to my house and took me for about 10 hours. It happened at least 2 times.

In the summer of 1951 I was 6 years old, out playing in the front of our house. I heard a swishing noise and looked up to see what it was. It was a hot sunny day without any breeze. About 50-60 feet above me was a saucer shaped vehicle hovering and spinning. It caused all of the leaves on the tree to fold and turn downward as if trying to avoid radiation or some sort of emissions. Electro magnetic maybe. I was waiting for my grandmother to call me in for lunch so it was probably about noon. The saucer hovered for about 2 minutes and tilted toward me. At that time it moved away from my yard and landed behind some trees blocking its view from my house. I ran into the house and told my grandmother what I had seen and she just blew it off. I was sitting on my bed looking out the window in the back of the house when I saw the 2 beings passing along the outer edge of our yard behind some peach trees. They were different heights. One was a half head shorter than the other. They seemed to be wearing suits which were rouge red in color. They were walking side by side and moved out of sight from my window. That was my last memory until about 10pm. My Grandmother and I were standing in the kitchen in the dark and lunch was still sitting out on the counter. At one point I know I was in the saucer. It had a window and I could see the road below. I think we were over the Blue Ridge Mountains which were visible from our house on a clear day. We were hovering above a car traveling along a winding mountain road. I was watching the headlights from the car flashing into the woods as it went around curves. I think we may have taken them but cant remember a lot. I don't recall any words ever being spoken but they showed me lights off in the distance and said that was where I lived. I had never been in a plane so watching that car below was something Ill never forget.
One of them was 5 feet tall and the other about 6ft or maybe a little less.
When I realized I was home There was blood on my legs and feet dried. I never felt any pain or had any effects from this and didn't think about it again until I was about 15 yrs old. I had an exam by a gynecologist and I overheard the doctor asking my mother who had done the surgery on me. I had never had surgery or sex. I thought back to that night finding the blood on myself. This has happened more than one so I know thay have some sort of tracking device inside my body. Im now in Florida and they did some sort of scanning on me. I have a lot of details and would even consent to hypnotherapy. I don't mind others knowing but fact is, most don't believe it if you tell them. Contact me if you wish and we will go onto further details. Im 68 years old and am not a nut case.Ive never had any mental problems. I have a friend who is an FBI agent and I gave him the written detail as well. Thanks for listening. Have a great new year,
