{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-03 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503670","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3122,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/670/mufon-5503670.json","updb_database_id":5503670}
{nd} Bright Large Orb hovering low in the sky then silently amitting more orbs over wooded area I got scared and drove away

My daughter and her boyfriend stopped by the boyfriend's granparent's house in Drumright on their way home from my house, so the boyfriend could run in and get something he had left there. While the boyfriend was inside my daughter was waiting in the car. She happened to notice an big bright orb in the sky that appeared to hover over the back of the grandparent's property in a wooded area. She had been to the house at night many times and had never seen this light before. She took a picture with her cell phone and sent it to me, along with the text "what is this?" I then called her to find out what she was talking about, and where she was, we spoke for a moment, then she said "whoa, this is weird! it's dropping something out of it!" I asked her if she could hear any sound from it and she said "no", I then told her she needed to get out of there immediately because I didn't know what it was or what it was dropping, but it instantly made me afraid for her safety! She said "ok, he is walking to the car now and we are leaving." So I told her to hurry up and not try to watch it as she drove, just get away from it, and she said ok. I hung up the phone and a minute or 2 later she sent me the second picture that she had taken before she left which does appear to have lights falling from it. The first picture was taken from the car. The second one she took standing by the car shooting the picture through a brushy tree in the yard.
I spoke to her the next day to get more details and she described it as a big bright round white light, it was low in the sky and didn't appear to be very far from the tops of the trees. It appeared to be on the property, not far away but she doesn't know exactly how far from her it was. She said she didn't hear any sound the whole time, and it never appeared to move but within a minute or two of her first seeing it, it started dropping more lights from it and the lights that were dropped appeared to go straight down behind the tree line. She was nervous when she saw it and when she saw the other lights come out she got scared and immediately left the area. when she last saw the orb it was still in the same spot and never moved before she drove away.
