{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":37387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5510666.json","updb_database_id":5510666}
{dr}Friday, December 21, 2012 saw two objects at @ 7pm from downtown Las Cruces, NM. One large spherical object flying other larger oval object hovering. Both objects larger than stars and the full moon. (See detailed description)

SIGHTING OF TWO ANOMALOUS OBJECTS ON FRIDAY NIGHT, DECEMBER 21, 2012 FROM DOWNTOWN LAS CRUCES, NEW MEXICO AROUND 7:00 PM

I realize this is a long detailed description of my sighting. I am a rather detail oriented person and as I wrote this description it became clear to me that everything that took place prior to my sighting was of significant importance. I found that everything I did prior to my sighting led me to be standing in the right place on the sidewalk at the right time in order to have the sighting and I needed to include all that took place.  I then realized in order to tell about what I saw in the night sky I would have to write more than a few paragraphs.

On the Winter Solstice, Friday, December 21, 2012 I wanted to see the sunset along with Jupiter rising. For the past several years I have had almost a nightly routine of watching Jupiter. I started this routine where I lived in Northern California and continued this Jupiter watching routine when I moved to Las Cruces this past October.  Not only was this the winter solstice it was also the day of the astronomical Galactic Alignment and according to the Mayans, the rebirth of humanity.  It was also the end of the Mayan calendar 26,000 year cycle and the beginning of a new cycle with a promising future.  On this very auspicious day Jupiter began rising in the eastern sky shortly after the 5:06pm sunset and I especially wanted to witness Jupiter1s splendor.

I left home and walked toward downtown. Before watching Jupiter rising in the eastern sky I had to go to the bank which is located downtown on the corner of Church St. and Las Cruces Avenue.  After leaving the bank I turned right on Church St. and headed south to Griggs Avenue. I turned left on Griggs and walked east toward the Organ Mountains in order to watch Jupiter rising over the mountains. I walked to the corner of Griggs and Manzanita St., all the while watching the Organ Mountains in the east bathed in shades of pink from the reflecting sunset glow as the sun disappeared in the west.  I watched the Organ Mountains turn dark as Jupiter was rising big and clear and bright in the clear eastern sky.  Jupiter was easily visible to my unaided eyes.  I stood on Manzanita St. watching the mountains and bright, rising Jupiter for about 5 minutes and then I turned around and headed back toward downtown, this time going west on Griggs Avenue. I was going to buy my lottery tickets before taking a walk through downtown Las Cruces. The downtown was decorated with Christmas lights and I wanted to see them. 

When I got to the corner of Griggs Avenue and Church St., I turned left to head south on Church St. I walked to the Pic Quik, located on the corner of Church St. and Amador Avenue, to buy my lottery tickets. After buying my lottery tickets I left the Pic Quik, tuned right on Amador and walked west on Amador to the corner of Amador and Main St. Main St. is the main street of downtown Las Cruces and it runs north and south. I turned right on Main and started walking on the east side of Main St. heading north.
Though I started my walk on the east side of Main St. heading north I was walking on the west side of Main St. heading south when I had the sighting.

The time of the sighting was around 7:00pm. I don1t know the exact time because I do not wear a watch and there were no clocks around. From the timing of everything that took place before my sighting I do know it was close to 6:35pm when I walked the other direction, south, on the west side of Main St. I had bought my lottery tickets at 5:56pm and by the time I left the store it was probably 6:00pm. The Pic Quik where I bought the tickets is located about a five minute walk from where downtown begins on Main St. Once I arrived at the corner of Amador Avenue and Main St. and started walking on the east side of Main I headed north until I got to the City Hall. The City Hall was where the city1s large Christmas tree was located and I wanted to view the lighted tree. The east corner of Main St. where the City Hall is located was about a 15 minute walk from where I first started at the corner of Amador and Main. I was going to look at the Christmas tree and then walk back to Main St., cross the street to the west side and walk back on Main heading south. Essentially, I was going to walk in a loop on Main St.

As I got closer to the corner where the City Hall is located I looked across the street and saw a man and a woman standing on the sidewalk in what appeared to be a friendly conversation. They were standing on the west side of Main. They ended their conversation about the same time as I got to the corner. I then saw a lone man walking toward the City Hall who didn1t appear as friendly as the man and woman couple. The lone man was a few yards from me and it was at that moment I decided I would not go to the City Hall to look at the Christmas tree. (As it turns out that was a significant decision, not because the man I saw posed a threat to me, but, because had I walked the distance to see the Christmas tree and stayed for a while looking at the tree I would not have been in the right location at the right time to have the sighting.) 

As I stood on the corner just about ready to cross Main St. to the west side, the woman, who had just ended her conversation, crossed to my side of the street (the east side) and we smiled at each other. The time by now was about 6:20pm. The woman and I said hello to each other and from there we struck up a conversation. I had never met this woman before. Though she was someone I did not know it was natural that we would strike up a conversation with each other from our initial friendly salutations. We talked for about 10 - 15 minutes and then ended our conversation, said good night to each other and then went our separate ways. By now it was approximately 6:35pm. I crossed the street to the west side of Main, turned left and started walking back on Main St. heading south continuing the loop of Main St. I walked for about 10 minutes until I decided to view Jupiter again. 

I stopped walking and looked up in the eastern sky at Jupiter. Jupiter was a little higher in the sky than when I first viewed it earlier in the evening.  I was standing on the sidewalk in front of COAS Bookstore1s large display window. By now it was about 6:45pm. It was a very clear, cloudless night and big, bright, Jupiter was easily visible with my unaided eyes and was located between 45 -60 degrees above the horizon. On this very clear, cold winter night I had an unobstructed view of Jupiter. There weren1t any street lights near me, nor, were there any trees to obstruct my view. I stood on the sidewalk looking above the building that was located across the street from me (the building was located on the east side of Main St.). From my location I was able to view not only Jupiter but the entire night sky surrounding Jupiter. I focused my attention on Jupiter shining brightly in front of me in the eastern sky.

This auspicious day of the Winter Solstice held a promise for our future and I could feel it.  I study astrology and in astrology Jupiter is the Great Beneficent, the planet of good fortune, abundance, great expansion and great wisdom and great unity. Jupiter is the planet that bestows blessings upon us. In recognition of the significance of this special day of re-birth and because of my concern about the state of our world, I chose to speak to Jupiter1s beneficence and ask for the great blessing of love for our entire earth. I asked Jupiter to shine down upon all of life here on earth and bestow upon us great love. As I stood there I told Jupiter how we on earth truly needed this love, not the hate, not the war and not the fear we live in. (I discovered in the weeks following my sighting that according to astrology, the planets aspects for the date of 12/21/12 as well as the astronomical Galactic Alignment with the Dark Rift represented the desire and draw toward unity and love within all mankind. I certainly felt this draw that night as I looked to Jupiter and asked for the blessing of the understanding of love to be bestowed upon our earth.)

I stood gazing at Jupiter1s brilliance for about 10 - 15 minutes as I asked for this blessing of love. I then decided to continue standing there watching Jupiter shine in the night sky when all of a sudden a very noticeable large (very much larger than the pinpoint light of a star), brightly lit, slow-flying, spherical object appeared in the eastern sky within a very close proximity to the left side of Jupiter, or what I continued thinking was Jupiter. In reality there were two anomalies that I saw. One was the brightly lit, flying, spherical object. The other anomaly was a much larger, lighted, roundish-shaped, stationary object that appeared in the sky at the exact same time as the spherical object and blocked out my view of Jupiter. Though this larger object blocked out my view of Jupiter I still thought it was Jupiter I was seeing shining in the night sky. (That night I could only allow myself to see only one anomalous object, not two anomalous objects. Therefore, my focus was on the flying sphere and for my peace of mind I convinced myself that the larger stationary object was Jupiter. It was hard enough for me to accept that there was a bright spherical object flying slowly toward Jupiter. This slow flying spherical object was not usually what I would see in my daily view of the night sky. And though the larger object was much larger than Jupiter I found comfort in continuing thinking it was Jupiter)

The flying spherical object was much smaller than the larger stationary 1Jupiter1 object. From my position standing on earth on the sidewalk in downtown Las Cruces the slow flying sphere was about the size of a 4mm 1 5mm round pearl and the larger 1Jupiter1 object was about the size of a 40mm 1 50mm fat oval shaped opal. (I have always thought the visible planets and stars in the night sky resemble jewels brightly shining down on us). This sizing would be if you held the pearl and opal at arm1s length up to the objects as I saw them in the sky. I think in scientific terms the description of the apparent size of the slow flying sphere was about 15 - 16 arcminutes and the larger 1Jupiter1 object was about 1.5 - 2 degrees in size). 

The time was about 7:00pm when I first saw the flying sphere appear in the sky. The flying sphere appeared on the left side of the larger 1Jupiter1 object and near the top end of this larger object. When I first saw the slow flying sphere it was about 15 - 22 degrees from the larger object. (about 6 1 8 inches if you held a ruler at arm1s length up between the two objects as I saw them in the sky) The sphere was coming from the north east and slowly flying in a south east direction. The slow flying sphere was located in a direct line toward the larger 1Jupiter1 object and was flying in a horizontal direction toward the top end of the larger object. Both of the objects appeared out of nowhere. Neither of the objects were there during the time I stood gazing at Jupiter while asking for the blessing of love. Both objects only appeared after I had finished asking for Jupiter1s blessing of love for our planet earth. One minute the objects weren1t there and the next minute they were. 
 
The brightly lit, flying sphere and the larger round 1Jupiter1 object looked to me to be located between 45-60 degrees from the horizon. The slow flying sphere had a well-defined, round shape, it was like an orb. This sphere was nearly as bright and luminous as the planet Jupiter though on a scale of brightness Jupiter was definitely the brighter of the two. The larger object had a softer roundness to its shape and was not a spherical shape like the flying object was. The larger object was also nearly as bright and luminous as the planet Jupiter though again on a scale of brightness Jupiter was the brighter of the two. Since the larger object looked almost as bright as Jupiter this played into my accepting that it was Jupiter I was viewing. Also, the larger object was brighter than the slow flying sphere was. Both the slow flying sphere and the larger object were clearly visible to my unaided eyes. 
  
When I first saw the flying sphere I thought maybe I really wasn1t seeing a sphere flying toward what I mistakenly thought was Jupiter. I thought that what I was seeing was caused by a speck of dust in my eyes or on my eye lashes. I rubbed my eyes and gazed up at the flying sphere. The brightly lit sphere and the larger 1Jupiter1 object were still in the sky. It was at that moment that it occurred to me that what I was seeing was possibly an extraterrestrial craft flying toward Jupiter (Since I was mistakenly telling myself this larger stationary object was Jupiter I therefore would not have seen it as the craft it was). The realization hit me that there actually was a large, brightly lit, slow flying, spherical craft in the sky and what I was seeing was not a speck of dust in my eyes! 

I focused on the slow flying spherical craft still thinking Jupiter was its destination. I was not ready to realize that the larger object the craft was flying toward was not Jupiter. I needed to see the bright, larger, roundish shaped object as a familiar planet. I allowed myself to accept that I was seeing a flying spherical craft but would not allow myself to recognize the larger object was not Jupiter. I wanted to continue seeing the larger object as Jupiter and not the roundish shaped craft it probably was. 

After my sighting I started asking myself was it really Jupiter I saw the spherical craft flying toward? Every night after the sighting I would go out to look at Jupiter hoping to see the planet as the same size and shape I saw on December 21. Of course, Jupiter always looked like a bright point of light and I would justify the reason it could not be round and large was because it now was rising higher in the sky every night. Each night as I looked at Jupiter I was still trying to convince myself that the larger object I saw on December 21 was Jupiter. Only after talking with astronomers and scientific minded friends did I finally realize that the larger object the sphere was flying toward could not have been Jupiter. The object I saw was very big and much larger than Jupiter looks to the unaided eye. This object had a more rounded shape to it, not, the bright point of light in the sky that is Jupiter. I finally faced the fact that I had seen two anomalies that night and if in my opinion the slow flying sphere was an extraterrestrial craft then the larger object it was flying toward also had to be an extraterrestrial craft.

The night of the sighting I was shocked, excited, puzzled, amazed and curious about what I saw. I went through all of these emotions one right after the other in a quick response to what I saw. I was shocked actually seeing an extraterrestrial craft flying toward Jupiter. (Since I had convinced myself that the larger, bright stationary object was Jupiter I didn1t experience shock about seeing it in the sky) I am one of the multitudes of people who trust that extraterrestrials exist. However, it is one thing to intellectually understand the extraterrestrial existence and quite another thing to see the existence with your own eyes. Although I trust that extraterrestrials exist, I still am influenced by the accepted scientific understanding that extraterrestrial intelligence is not seen in our solar system. That is why that night I allowed myself to accept that I only saw a slow flying spherical craft but not the second larger craft. My mind would only allow me to deviate from the scientific norm for one anomalous object but not for two anomalous objects. I still had to cling to the comfortable thought that I was watching Jupiter as the brightly lit sphere flew slowly toward it. Besides, the flying sphere was so recognizably not anything I would usually see flying in the night sky. I could not ignore that It was very recognizable as something unusual.  Since I accepted that I was seeing this slow flying, brightly lit, spherical-shaped craft my emotions were focused on it instead of also focusing on the larger stationary craft I mistook for Jupiter. 

That night my shocked feeling at seeing a flying craft quickly turned to excitement. I also experienced a few seconds of concern at what I was seeing. I was concerned that this craft could have ill intent toward earth. That fear was soon dispelled as I reasoned any craft that appeared after requesting a blessing of love would also be a part of that blessing. (That night I was very puzzled as to why I had that negative thought and have since come to realize that my fearful concern about the craft1s intentions stemmed from the accepted misconception that all extraterrestrial intelligent life will cause us harm. I have also come to realize that I had experienced an example of the fear I asked for help with in the blessing of love.) My concern melted away and I again felt excitement, my excitement then turned to amazement. I said to myself 1Oh my gosh, that1s an extraterrestrial craft that I1m watching fly slowly toward Jupiter.1 My amazement turned to curiosity as I watched the flying spherical craft. My curiosity grew as I saw the sphere fly closer and closer toward the larger object that I was convinced was Jupiter. My first thoughts after I realized this is an extraterrestrial craft I1m seeing flying toward Jupiter were, what is this craft I see; where did the craft come from and who is it? I could not answer these questions.  I could only watch the spherical craft continue its slow path toward what I convinced myself was Jupiter.

The spherical craft flew slowly and silently in a direct horizontal line in a south east direction toward the larger craft (which I thought was Jupiter) the entire time I watched it. It did not emit any audible sound. The speed of the craft was slower than any jet flying in the night sky. The flying craft never veered from its course of heading to the top end of the larger craft. The flying craft kept its defined spherical shape as well as its size the entire time I watched it. The flying craft had no blinking lights. It did not flash. It was a solid, bright, round light which is what first caught my attention.  Not only did this solid bright light first catch my attention, the size of the craft caught my attention along with the fact it was flying in the night sky. The brightly lit sphere was like a defined circle of light and since its apparent size was like a 4mm 1 5mm pearl and it was much larger than the pinpoint light of a star its size made it stand out in the night sky. It looked like a large 3 dimensional flying orb. The craft1s bright light was contained within its orb shape and did not radiate outwardly. There was no tail of light streaming behind it. There was no smoke, clouds or atmospheric lights near it or surrounding it. There was nothing attached to it. The spherical craft was flying freely in the clear night sky under its own power.

The roundness of the shape of the flying craft was clearly visible. The flying craft was more of a defined solid round shape, while the larger craft (which I thought was Jupiter) had a more soft roundness to its shape rather than the look of a large bright star. Because I thought this was Jupiter I was watching I thought the shape was probably due to the fact that Jupiter was still rising in the night sky and not because what I was seeing was a large, roundish-shaped craft. The larger craft1s bright light wasn1t contained within its large round shape and this light did radiate outwardly. That is why the larger craft1s shape looked diffused and less defined, though it had a definite circular edge on its left and right sides. While the larger craft1s brilliance was more of a bright white the flying spherical craft1s brilliance was more of an off white color and the larger craft was definitely the brighter magnitude of the two. The diffused roundish shape of the larger stationary craft was clearly visible in the sky.

The larger craft also had no audible sounds. There was no tail of light streaming from it and there was nothing attached to it. The larger craft had no blinking lights and it did not emit any flash. There was no smoke, clouds or atmospheric lights near it or surrounding it. The larger craft was hovering freely in the clear night sky. Though the larger craft1s shape was more diffused then the shape of the flying sphere I could still tell it was round. While the flying craft was a defined spherical shape the larger craft was more of a fat oval to a round shape. The top and the bottom of the larger craft were somewhat smaller in diameter than the middle of the craft. The larger craft was stationary and was not moving the entire time I watched the spherical craft flying toward it. Since it was stationary and not moving this added to my acceptance it was Jupiter I was seeing.

I stood there with my eyes glued to both the flying spherical craft and the larger craft wondering what was going to happen.  As the spherical craft flew closer to the larger craft I noticed the flying craft was beginning to slow its speed even more. The spherical craft was now flying slower than when I first saw it appear in the sky. Even though the spherical craft was slowing its speed it still kept its straight line course toward the upper right side edge of the larger craft and kept its defined orb shape as well as its brightness.  

I watched the distance between the flying craft and the larger craft decrease as it slowly flew closer toward the larger craft. My eyes were trained on the flying spherical craft and my head moved along with the craft as I tracked it. I watched the craft1s speed slow down more and more the closer it flew toward the larger craft. 

I now was extremely intrigued. What was the flying craft going to do? My initial thought was that this flying spherical craft was going to land on the larger craft. (Since I had convinced myself that I was seeing Jupiter that meant the flying spherical craft was heading for a landing on Jupiter.) I sailed sail boats for years and often when our boat was going to change direction and definitely when we were coming in to the port to dock we would slow our speed way down. Even though I initially thought the spherical craft was going to land on Jupiter I also thought that would be ridiculous. I then wondered if this spherical craft I was looking at was going to change direction once it 1touched1 Jupiter or if it was going to transit Jupiter and cross in front of Jupiter coming out on the right side of Jupiter. 

My initial gut feeling was that the craft was going to land on Jupiter. My logical, rational thought was that I would see the craft come out on the right side of Jupiter since it probably was going to transit the face of Jupiter. I watched in anticipation as the craft continued flying slower and slower in the same direct line toward what I thought was the planet Jupiter. I watched the brightly lit craft as it slowly flew as close to the larger craft (which I thought was Jupiter) as possible and 1touched1 the upper left side (near the top end) and then disappeared.  I was very surprised that the craft disappeared and that I could no longer see it. I thought 1Did the craft actually land on Jupiter?1 

The flying craft1s light was continually bright and showed the same brightness up until it 1touched1 the top left side of what I thought was Jupiter, at which point the light disappeared. The brightness of the craft never dimmed as it flew toward this larger craft. The spherical craft remained the same size and defined roundness the entire time it was flying toward the larger craft and up until the point where it 1touched1 the larger craft1s top left side and then disappeared. The larger stationary craft also kept its brightness and shape the entire time the spherical craft flew toward it. The spherical craft disappeared at the moment it 1touched1 the larger craft (which I still thought was Jupiter). I had been watching this large, brightly lit, slowly flying, spherical, shaped craft moving toward the larger craft for about 10 minutes when it disappeared.
 
After the craft disappeared I thought to myself now I1ll see where it was flying to. I stood there watching again, logically expecting to see the spherical craft come out on the right side of what I thought was Jupiter and continue its journey in the south east direction it originally was heading toward. I stood and watched and waited. I watched for about another 5 - 10 minutes and I never saw the craft again. It never came out on the right side of what I thought was Jupiter. I don1t know where the craft went. I thought to myself did it veer off to the dark side of Jupiter where I couldn1t see it continue its journey? Or did it land on Jupiter? I was shocked to think that it might have actually landed on Jupiter. I stood there waiting and then I finally realized the craft was gone and I wasn1t going to see it continue its journey. Or at least it was gone from my view. I thought maybe the craft was still there but the light had shut off. Even though the spherical craft had disappeared the larger craft remained in sight. Of course this made sense to me for if I thought this larger craft was Jupiter then Jupiter would still be there no matter what happened to the flying spherical craft. Of course, if the larger craft had also disappeared then I would have seen the actual planet Jupiter and at that moment I would have known that what I thought was Jupiter instead had to be an anomalous object. An anomalous object just like the slow flying spherical craft was.

I was puzzled by what I had seen and watched. I had seen a bright light appear out of nowhere. This light appeared in the sky to the left side of what I thought was Jupiter. I realized this light was a spherical object flying slowly toward Jupiter. I then realized this was a spherical shaped craft slowly flying toward Jupiter. I realized when the slow flying craft got close enough to 1touch1 the top left side of Jupiter it disappeared from my view. I was puzzled by the fact the flying craft landed on Jupiter. I needed time to think through what I saw and it was at that point, after I had waited for the craft1s bright light to re-appear and it didn1t, that I decided to continue my walk south on Main St. I decided to go to a restaurant for dinner that was located on the corner of Main St. and Las Cruces Avenue, about 130 - 140 feet from where I had the sighting.

As I walked south, still on the west side of Main St., to the restaurant I kept looking up at what I thought was Jupiter and the surrounding sky watching for the flying spherical craft. I did not see it. The craft had disappeared from sight. I watched looking for this spherical craft as I walked to the corner. I crossed Main St. with my eyes glued on the 1Jupiter1 object and the surrounding sky. I walked to the building where the restaurant, Ono Grindz (now renamed to Gina1s Cantina), is located. My eyes were glued on the object I thought was Jupiter. Before I walked into the courtyard in front of Ono Grindz I walked to the adjacent parking lot to take one last unobstructed view of 1Jupiter1 and the surrounding sky to see if the flying spherical craft1s bright light had reappeared.  In the few minutes it took me to walk from the corner of the building to the parking lot my view of the 1 Jupiter1 object was blocked out by the restaurant1s building. Was it possible that in that short period of time the flying craft re-appeared and then disappeared? I1ll never know, all I know is that when I stood in front of the parking lot I could see that the flying craft had not appeared again. I saw no flying, brightly lit, spherical craft. The craft was gone. Because I thought the larger craft was Jupiter that meant that even though the spherical craft was gone the larger craft was still in the sky.  I walked into the courtyard to go into the restaurant not realizing the larger craft was still visible and not knowing how long it remained visible and only wondering where the spherical craft had disappeared to. I was still very puzzled by what I saw. In my mind I was asking myself 1what was it that I saw1? Yes, I saw a flying spherical craft, but, where did the craft come from, who was it, where did it disappear to and did it really land on Jupiter? In my mind I asked these questions again and again that night and during the months that followed my sighting.

About two hours later (about 9:30pm) after dinner I left the restaurant and walked home. My thoughts were initially focused on the wonderful time I1d had at the restaurant and the conversation Regina the owner and I had. I had not talked to anyone about my sighting. I wanted to mull the sighting over in my mind first before I shared the information with anyone else. I then remembered to look up in the eastern sky at Jupiter to see if the flying craft was there. Jupiter was clear and bright and now sitting higher in the sky near the constellation of Orion but no flying, brightly lit, spherical craft was to be seen. And since I now was seeing the actual planet Jupiter that meant the larger craft that I thought was Jupiter was no longer visible in the night sky. I watched the planet Jupiter as I walked home again, wondering where the flying craft had disappeared to. The walk from the restaurant to home takes about eight minutes. On this night the eight minute walk seemed like one minute. One minute I was on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant and the next minute it seems I was 2 houses from home. I was amazed at this. I had never experienced my walk home like that before. I wondered if this short time warp had anything to do with my sighting.

Before submitting this sighting report I spent time researching what it possibly was that I saw. If I truly felt that what I saw were two extraterrestrial crafts then I needed to also know that what I saw didn1t fall under the description of the usual astronomical, scientific and man- made objects explanations. After doing online research, talking with friends and talking with members of the Astronomical Society of Las Cruces I discovered the following : 
	The spherical object I saw was not one of the moons of Jupiter.  The moons of Jupiter can only be seen with the aid of a telescope. I saw the brightly lit spherical object with my un-aided eyes. I had no binoculars or a telescope. (Since I actually saw two anomalous objects that night this explanation also covers the larger object I mistakenly thought was Jupiter)
    The spherical object I saw was not the moon.  The moon was not in close proximity (in conjunction with) to Jupiter. Even if the moon had been in the same location as Jupiter, it would not have been flying (moving ) toward Jupiter like the spherical object did. Also the moon was a first quarter moon.  (Since I actually saw two anomalous objects that night this explanation also covers the larger object I mistakenly thought was Jupiter. Also the larger object1s size was much larger than a full moon)
    The two objects I saw were not Venus, Saturn or Mercury. The brightly lit, spherical object and the larger object I saw were not any of these planets. These planets could only be seen in the morning sky on 12/21/2012, the date of my sighting. Also planets do not behave like the flying object I saw nor are their apparent sizes as large as the flying object and the larger object was.  
	The two objects I saw were not stars. Stars are pinpoints of light in the sky and never look as large and round as the objects I saw. Also, stars do not fly in the sky.
	The spherical object I saw was not an Iridium Flare. I talked with members of the Astronomical Society of Las Cruces and I was told that the object I saw was probably an iridium flare from an iridium satellite. I researched the iridium flare schedule for 12/21/12 found on the heavens-above.com website as recommended to me by the Astronomical Society member I spoke with. According to the schedule on the heavens-above.com website the only iridium satellite transit for 12/21/12 that was visible from Las Cruces was from 11:46am 1 11:53am. There was no iridium satellite transit at 1900 hours (7:00pm) over Las Cruces that I could find listed on the heavans-above.com website. (Since I actually saw two anomalous objects that night this explanation also covers the larger object I thought was Jupiter)
	The two objects I saw were not satellites. After researching online the Satellite Transit Schedules for 12/21/2012 (on heavens-above.com) I could not find any satellite that was transiting the sky near Jupiter at 1900 hours (7:00pm), the time of my sighting.	
    The two objects I saw were not the International Space Station (ISS). According to the websites isstracker.com and heavens-above .com the ISS was not visible in the sky above Las Cruces at 7:00pm on 12/21/12.                                                                       Isstracker.com showed that on 12/21/12 at 1900 hours (7:00pm) the ISS was traveling at 26.116 degrees latitude and 51.138 degrees longitude. Las Cruces has a 32.3 degree latitude and -106.75 degree longitude.
 
heavens-above.com showed that the passes of the ISS on 12/21/12 visible from Las Cruces were at 4:41am 1 4:51am; 6:18am 1 6::27am; 9:20pm 1 9:31pm and 10:58pm 1 11:07pm. There was no pass over of the ISS at 6:45pm 1 7:00pm.

According to the Sightings Opportunities on the NASA web site the ISS will be seen as a steady white pinpoint of light slowly moving across the sky. Another web site says the ISS will appear like a bright star moving across the sky. The two objects I saw were much larger than a pinpoint light and much larger than any bright star.
	The two objects I saw were not scientific/weather balloons.  The Physical Sciences Laboratory of New Mexico State University (NMSU) at Las Cruces manages the scientific balloon services for NASA. The scientific balloon facility that NMSU manages is the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility located in Palestine, Texas. The Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility has launching sites in Fort Sumner, New Mexico and in Palestine, Texas. According to the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility schedule for balloon launches at the Fort Sumner, New Mexico site and the Palestine, Texas site there were no launches in December 2012. The link for this information is found at www.nsbf.nasa.gov/schedule.html.
    The two objects I saw were not space probes. 

During the 19901s I was an investigator and researcher in the field of ufology. I studied sightings; facilitated UFO study groups in northern California; hosted a weekly UFO radio program; spoke with people from all over the world about their sightings; organized educational events, but, never had a sighting myself during that time or since that time. With this sighting on 12/21/12 I am experiencing the other side of the UFO subject. I am experiencing the subject as a witness to a sighting event. I also experienced the witness1s denial of a sighting when I continued to see the larger stationary craft as Jupiter. My comfort zone was ok with the acceptance of the flying spherical craft but not with the larger stationary craft. I was comfortable at seeing the one craft but not comfortable at seeing both crafts.

My conclusion as a witness and experienced researcher in the UFO field is that what I saw were two extraterrestrial crafts. The evidence I have found points to the likelihood that the two crafts I saw do not fall under an astronomical explanation, scientific explanation, nor, any man-made object explanations. This leaves only one explanation, unless of course there is some evidence to prove otherwise. This one explanation is that the two anomalous objects I saw in the clear eastern sky from downtown Las Cruces on Friday, December 21, 2012 at around 7:00pm were extraterrestrial crafts. These crafts are part of the Galactic presence which includes extraterrestrial intelligence, just as we on earth with our terrestrial intelligence are included as part of the Galactic presence.

Though I feel strongly that I saw extraterrestrial crafts I am the witness to this sighting not an impartial investigator.  I will now turn it over to the investigator to make the final analysis.
