{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-25 02:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5524666.json","updb_database_id":5524666}
Bright jittery starlike object observed from Andover,MA

I was at home in our house near the center of Andover, MA. I finished up some software programming and web surfing around 2:20am, Aug. 25th, 2011. I walked from my office to our bedroom on the second floor. It was a clear night and I looked out my bedroom window to the West. There are two tall trees with a space between them in the back yard. Between the trees, perhaps 6 inches above the tree line from my perspective, I spotted a starlike object a good distance off, perhaps 1-3 miles if I had to guess. However, I quickly noticed that it might not be stationary. It was not progressing across my field of view in any direction, but it was moving. It appeared to be fluttering or bouncing. It was subtle, so I walked right up to the window and braced myself to try and rule out my movements as a source of the strange behavior. It was still moving. I saw no red or blue lights as required by most/all aircraft. (Ive taken 20 hours of flight training, so I know a little about small planes, but Im only a beginner.) Id say it was as bright as the north star can be at times, perhaps a little brighter. The movements seemed too erratic and significant for either an airplane or helicopter. I scanned the sky and noted no other stars as bright, and in fact, based on the angle and city/town lights, there were only one or two stars easily visible from what I recall. They were an order of magnitude dimmer. I watched for about 30 seconds when I considered grabbing my wifes iphone 3GS off her night table as she slept. But the object was far enough away that the iphones camera (2 megapixel) would not have captured the movement, so I left the bedroom to find my digital SLR downstairs in the kitchen. Unfortunately, while I was in my bedroom, my daughter had woken up, walked to the top of the stairs leading down to the kitchen, laid down and fell back to sleep. I carried her back to her bed in the room next to ours and tucked her in. I retrieved my camera from downstairs and grabbed a more capable lens on the way. By the time I got back to the window, about 4-6 minutes later, the object was gone. In my mind, this ruled out the possibility of it being a star or other celestial body, but Im no astronomer. I watched periodically for another 30 minutes, but did not see anything. I did some googling and searched twitter from any other recent sightings and noted a recent sighting in broad daylight in Acton, MA. I also read about a correlation between disasters and UFO sightings. The Aug. 23 quake in Virgina was felt in Massachusetts, so this came to mind. My wife had woken up and did a few things while I kept looking. I didn't want to frighten her, so I saved the story until daylight. In summary, it was very strange. Ive never seen anything like it. I should have asked my wife for help so that I could keep my eyes on it.
