{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-05-09 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44601","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5513666.json","updb_database_id":5513666}
{dr} disc shaped object with bright exterior light heading south, made a 90degree desent as low as afreeway overpass, then asending to its previous altitude and a 90 degree turn south constantly moving

I was leaving my girlfriends house in anaheim to return home around 2 am, when shortly after I noticed what I believed to be the anaheim PD. chopper, I think it is important to tell you that I have flown in this chopper thanks to a friend who knew at the time I was interested in becoming a pilot and had known the pilots and was able to secure me a ride, I parked the car on the side of S. Rio st. closest to E. vermont st. because it seemed to be flying at a higher altitude then a chopper would normally fly, exited the vehicle and watched the object make a 90 degree turn/desent towards the ground while constantly moving which a helicopter is unable to do and lost sight of the object as it went lower than the 5 freeway between E. Wagner st and Lincoln and looked as though it was just past the freeway in the closest neiborhood block, which the elevation of the freeway is raised above the surrounding neiborhoods, before the object went out of sight I could make out in outline of the object which looked disc shaped but with the center mass of the object being larger and reducing in size to its edge/s, no visable marking or windows just what appeared to be a bright exterior white light, a few seconds later it asended back to its previous altitude and made another 90 degree turn south on its original heading until it was to far away to see but looked as though it headed out of atmosphere rather than remaining at a constant altitude. Not really ever believeing in ufos or even thinking about them until that day I stood there for a little while in awe or shock of what I saw trying to think why this thing would be desending over a neiborhood and that is why I checked the abduction box above. I should mention that I tried to call my girlfriend during the event to get her to colaborate what I was seeing but she did not answer. I got back in my car and left for home. I had to be only 4 to 5 blocks from this thing and saw it very well, it made no sound and I was very familiar with hearing the anaheim pd. chopper at that distance as it was in the air on a day to day basis and saw it frequently. I would love to say that it shot out with tremendouse speed but it did not, but it did reached the speed it was going instantly and did not seem to have to accelerate like any known plane or chopper. Sorry i don't have exact the date, as this happened many years ago but my memory of the object and what i saw are still in my head like it happened yesterday. If you have any information or other sighting around this time and place I would be interesed in hearing/knowing about them, and am happy to assist you with any more information you may need.
