{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5525666.json","updb_database_id":5525666}
Orange Flare-like Object

I was at a family BBQ in the backyard waiting for fireworks to start. There was some amateur fireworks being shot off in the area so our eyes were looking skyward.

We then noticed in the southern sky an orange flare-like object that appeared to be moving slowly but steadily westward. Everyone became interested in what it could be, because it was very unlike a plane or a firework.

I described the object as flare-like because it was large and brilliant, but it wasn't pulsating. The orange light also seemed to be somewhat directional as it seemed to be focused more to the east. 

We watched it for about a minute and as it passed we did not witness any blinking lights and the orange flare did not really seem to change shape. We also did not hear any aircraft engine or anything that would lead us to believe it was a helicopter engine.

The light finally just slowly winked out was gone; very strange in a relatively cloudless sky. Shortly there after we watched from the direction of Lambert Airport three red lights take off and climb straight up in to the sky and disappear. It was the consensus of those who saw the three lights take off that they were jets. Someone even made the joke that they were after the orange thing.

I might have dismissed the entire event if I had not witnessed the exact same light the following night while out for a walk. It was 11:00 at night and I was walking near my home in Ofallon. I witnessed the orange light again for probably 30 seconds to a minute moving in the northwestern sky. I tried to see if my cell phone would register it but it didn't. The light did the same as it had the night before and slowly winked out.
