{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5486666.json","updb_database_id":5486666}
{nd} Ball of fire coming at me from the north. Then changing direction to due west then it vanished.

I had just returned home from seeing my granddaughters. When I park my car it is facing in a Southerly direction. It was almost completely dark as I got out of my car. I closed the car door and looked into the Northern sky as I usually do when I return home. 
I have always enjoyed scanning the sky and have had the opportunity to see numerous, "shooting stars." I also like to observe planes in my area and watch the different directions they eventually take. I am about ten miles due north of the "Piedmont (Greensboro) Triad Airport and about fifty miles Northeast of the Charlotte Airport.
On this particular evening as I closed my car door and looked into the northern sky I saw what appeared to be a jetliner in the usual flightpath which I watch. I leaned back against the back of my SUV and decided to watch this object to see where it may be headed. After approximately 7 to 10 minutes watching this object I realized, as it got closer, that I did not notice the usual blinking of any kind of lights. This was very strange and kept my eyes fixed on it. As it drew closer, I thought I was observing an airliner coming at me and on fire. I immediately got on my cellphone and called my brother-in-law to tell him I was watching what I really thought was a commercial airliner that was engulfed in fire. We stayed on the phone as I described to him what I was seeing. He asked if I thought it may be a meteorite and I told him absolutely not because of the time I was spending observing this. Then it all of a sudden turned sharply toward the west. I kept watching it until it finally disappeared from my sight. Neither of us could give a reason of what I had just observed. 
I watched the news closely that evening and also the next day. There was no mention of what I saw in any news sources. When this object got close enough to me I was actually frightened that I was watching a plane which was engulfed in flame and getting ready to crash right before my eyes. 

I am a retired, career Firefighter from Marlborough Ma., and this is not the first time I have observed strange things in the sky. I had three incidents when I lived in Marlborough and the first incident happened in 1965 and witnessed by my first wife and also my then, sister-in-law, returning home from dinner one evening. The next incident happened somewhere around 1975 on a cold January day after a snowstorm had hit the northeast. I was by myself and making an oil delivery into a 5,000 gallon tank. I was outside around 1:00 p.m. and the sky was 100% clear. The third incident happened I think around 1994 and my second wife was with me and we both observed something strange. The first incident happened around 9:30 p.m. and completely dark. The third incident happened at dusk.

This is the very first time I have actually shared these incidents in this way.

Yours truly,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
