{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-09 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38363","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5691,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5518666.json","updb_database_id":5518666}
Triangular figures of objects over Canadians water falls.

It was August 1975 a Saturday evening about 7:00 PM no later than 8:00 PM. I do not remember the day it happened, perhaps on the 8th of the month.
I was messing around with the tourist pedestal binoculars made of metal especially one which was working and not accepting coins. I was looking towards the falls and trying to see if I could see the falls and NY but its was to dark. 
I then shifted my interest on the stars. With in 2 minutes of looking at the stars I was panning the binocular and saw orange lights. I paned to quickly that it took me about 45 seconds to find the orange stars. Only problems the orange stars were moving. One orange star was stationary while other stars were coming and going. I tried to follow the moving stars but they were moving too fast and it was difficult to pan back and readjust back to the stationary star. 
I yelled to my brother Gabriel and ask him to use our 7 x 35 binoculars and look at that region of the sky and see if he can see what I was seeing. He did not see anything. I told to come here and look through this pedestal binocular and tell me if you see the orange triangular stars. He did not see them, and I re adjusted the pedestal binocular again and he did not see any orange triangular stars. He went toward my mom.
I then took the black 7 x 35 binoculars and saw more of a wide field and saw the orange triangular stars. I said to Gabriel come here and try not to move the binocular to much and tell me if you see them now. He did not see them. He thought I was messing with him. I took my 7 x 35 binocular and looked over the tree horizon of New York and the view was a bit much better to view but it was to dark. I did not see any lights that might had been reflecting onto the binoculars from the New York side. I took my 7 x 35 binocular and continued to view whatever they were since it dawned on me that I was not looking at stars. 
They were all of the same size. One was always stationary then one would arrive next to the stationary object then another would arrive with in half of a second or less next to the stationary object, then one would leave from next to the stationary object, then three would arrive next to the stationary orange object and at the same time one would leave. They were doing many other incoming and outgoing patterns two leaving one would stay next to the stationary orange triangle. At one time I counted six triangle objects that came next to the stationary objects and remained for about 3 seconds. I switched to the pedestal binocular and continued to view these objects behaving the same way. About 30 seconds later the stationary orange triangular object was alone for about less than half of a second and disappear, I paned the pedestal binocular for a while about 40 seconds and found them. The stationary object moved because I remember I had to readjust the pedestal binocular slightly to my left about 1 inch or 1 and 1/2 inch at the most, and slightly upward. I switched back to my 7 x 35 binoculars and continued to view these objects for a short time no more than two minutes when my mom said that we have to leave. I do not think I was there viewing these object for more than 7 minutes. Since my brother and mom were eating something they purchased at the area.
These objects were to far away to estimate there size. They were triangular in shape or cone shape. At times they seem to shift appearance more towards a cylinder and oval shape but it may have been my eyes getting fatigued, but for most of the time the shape was triangular. Its colors was orange red and it remained only in that colored for all of these objects. I could certainly say that there was six of these objects, at the most perhaps 10 or more. The triangle looked larger and appeared to be more still with the pedestal binocular. I did not see these objects with my naked eyes, I needed the binoculars. The angle was some where about 60 deg. or 78 deg. 
When I arrived at home I went to the neighborhood library and looked at books about stars, space and moon missions. One book mentions unidentified object. 
I was for about 2 months trying to understand what I saw. While in the school library I found a paperback book with kind of a black cover. I was looking at the drawings and pictures. I was shock to find hand pencil or ink drawings of the triangles. As I could remember the book stated that the triangular orange objects were report back in the 1800's. This even shocked me more because age 10 going to 11 years, I could not truly comprehend. I never saw the paper back again in the library. I have tried to look for these drawings again on the Internet.
Which brings me to you! So I may tell you what I saw. Maybe some other person, or people have seen what I have seen. Perhaps maybe you can find the drawings of the triangular images with orange glow. Or the pocket paperback book. What I do not understand even now is the time difference in years from the earliest 1800's description of these objects to 1975 when I saw these objects.
