{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/666/mufon-5453666.json","updb_database_id":5453666}
{rjl} VERY CLOSE UFO ENCOUNTER

It was the night of January 24th, 2014, I was in highschool and I was 17 years old at the time. Me and my 2 girlfriends were enjoying our night and we're getting ready to go out for the night. It's around 10pm when we leave my girlfriend Brittanys house in her PT cruiser. She lives in a large neighborhood with several entrances and exits. She is driving, my other friend, Bethany, is in the passenger seat, and I am in the middle back seat. We are driving down Shadow Cliff (a heavily trafficked residential street) when Brittany notices 2 lights floating on the road directly in front of us about 300 feet off. We all see them. They are 2 red lights hovering about 15 feet off the road and it was very weird so immediately we pulled into the side of the road. Then we all get out of the car, without thinking and we walk to the middle of the street. From here things progress incredibly fast. We feel lights approaching behind us; a car passes us by. But he doesn't notice what's unfolding? So we're outside of the car for not even 30 seconds and the red lights start approaching incredibly fast. They do not seem to move in a solid path but seem to actually "jump" to different points on the street, working down the street in a zig zag pattern. From around 300 feet off it gets to our location in not even 2 seconds. Changing and growing in size as it approaches. As it moved in this zig zag pattern, it went behind trees in people's yards and this is where we saw it transforming into a disc shaped object. From behind the trees for a split second, I saw it growing a belt of lights that were flashing in all colors. Then suddenly it was directly above the streetlight about 17 feet from us- around 25 feet up. It is a full on UFO flying saucer disc. It has a dark metallic thin shell with a thick belt of flashing and rotating colorful lights in the middle. The craft, I would assume, looks around 3 feet in height and around 10 feet long. All three of us are still stood in the middle of the street absolutely in shock, basically unable to comprehend what we were seeing. The craft stood there hovering (completely silent ) for about 3 seconds and then it started to nose down at us. It must have tilted in like a 30 degree angle and looked like it was examining us. This is when we started to get really freaked out. I'm not sure if we spoke or yelled to eachother but we all rushed back to the car- like 10 feet away. We rush into the car, really scared, and we yell at Brittany to start driving. As we go to take off. the craft seems to move alongside the car, hovering above it. As it was hovering with us for all of 10 seconds we can see it transform into just 3 lights in a triangular shape. It floated off above us and it looked just like a normal plane flying away. We drive off to a public area where we just sit and process and talk out what we all 3 witnessed. Later that night when I got home, I went to go tell my sister what I had experienced. I was so scared I just cried hysterically to her and tried to tell her I was afraid for my life. That I felt that the men in Black were going to come find me and take me. The story doesn't end there. 
2 months later on March 7th, 2014, I am with the same group of girls. We liked to hang out at this one park in a different neighborhood down the road. We decide to go there, it's around the same time- 10pm. And once again this park is right off a heavily trafficked residential street. We were sitting at this park bench next to the small parking lot where Bethanys car was parked. Planes fly directly overhead as this is near the airport. We're sitting at the bench and I joke with them and said "watch were gunna see the UFO again", Brittany got upset and said something like "no, don't jinks it". Anyways, I get a phone call and we decide to go to the car so I could put this person on speakerphone and we could all hear/talk on the phone. I am sitting the passenger seat, Bethany in her driver seat, and Brittany in the back middle seat. We're facing the direction of the airport and where the planes usually fly out from. I get off the phone and maybe a minute later Brittany (who spotted it out the first time) points in front of us and says something like "guys look". In front of us, again about 300 feet off are the 2 small red lights. We all immediately know what it is and what might happen. Brittany immediately goes into denial and puts her hear down and covers her ears, rocking and saying "no, no,no...". As soon as it was pointed out (just like the first time), it approached us, like it had been watching us for a while and noticed the second we spotted it. It moves in the EXACT pattern like we had seen a few months prior. Almost like having to relive it exactly. It hops in a zig zag pattern continuously growing into a craft behind the cover of trees. Again, about the same distance off the ground and about the same distance away from us, it is again a full on disc craft. I have a very deep feeling it is the exact same craft we had seen. It looked exactly the same, same lights, and the same feeling was provoked- fear. It hovered about 25 feet off the ground for about 3 seconds (again completely silent) when suddenly, rapidly, and extremely aggressively, it dove down at the car at an insane speed. It looked as though it would have crashed into the front of the car but just as it was about to it stopped and glid above the car. There was an immense bright white light emanating from the entire bottom of the disc that filled the entire car. Everything around me that I could see in the vehicle was bright bright white- the brightest light I have ever seen. I also felt this pulsating vibration all around us, sort of like a low hum. The craft is hovering directly above the car, about 1-2 feet above it. It's at this point I begin screaming my head off, I literally thought I was going to die and that I was never going to see my family again. My life really was flashing before my eyes. I screamed absolute bloody murder, so loud, I really don't understand that no one in that neighborhood heard me. I could see Brittany in my peripherals with her head still down, still saying "no", Bethany was in complete shock, fumbling with her keys in her hands. I'm yelling at her that we need to go and that we need to drive off. The craft hovered above the car for what felt like 3 seconds and then so suddenly, it flew off at an immense speed in the opposite direction of the way the car was facing. 
Bethany finally got the keys in the ignition and we sped off to a local HEB (grocery store) just to be around a lot of people where we would feel safe. 
The experiences didn't stop there. I have seen about 2 or 3 more UFOs, but none of them were close encounters like this one. One of the other ones I saw was in the same neighborhood at the park where me and my friends had seen it the second time. It was an electric blue and pink frisbee looking thing. The colors moving and circling eachother as the objected seemed to be bouncing on and off the ground- bouncing about 30 feet high in someone's backyard. 
After my close encounters I sort of went crazy thinking "why me", and I lived in fear for months. My dreams after the encounters became incredibly vivid, and a lot of them actually featured grey aliens. One dream I had was incredibly realistic in the fact that I could physically feel.
In this dream I was with some friends, the disc UFO I had seen was there, hovering above me, I was incredibly scared. Suddenly, from the UFO descends this Grey. It was a she, I could tell. She was about 3 feet talk with shimmery purple and pink on her body. She was right in front of me and she told me telepathically to drop my ego. The she embraced me in what I guess was a hug. From her I could FEEL this immense purple loving vibration that filled my body all the way through my fingers and toes. This reassured me not to be scared of these crafts.

It's been years since this has all happened but I still think about it so often, still wondering, why me. All of my sisters and my mom have also witnessed UFOs (not anything like my close encounter) but they still have seen things. Is this familial?
