{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-06 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5498738.json","updb_database_id":5498738}
{nd} Three Orange Flame Like Lights Slow Flight

I took my puppy out at 9PM, observed the moon, and a very large orange light came over the top of the neighbors house, far away, came into view. The light had 3 others with it, in a row, staggered, not straight, pusling orange light like a camp fire. I keep binoculars in the garage and grabbed them. They appeared to be a flare, very bright, slightly pulsating, with a defined top area over it almost reflecting, like a balloon.

I filmed them, two times with an HTC One M8 smartphone. Captured only 1 image and oddly one of the two films never saved, and one is only 2 seconds long?

The lights appeared to be moving as fast as a slow plane, like a Cessna idling along in along in slow flight. The Orange was like a campfire on a beach. The rear object began to flicker, then began a descent, straight down and blacked out, no longer visible, nearly immediately. Not a fast movement. The lead object turned to the east (my left) heading towards North Scottsdale. Speed was slow, turn was soft, sharper then a Cessna, but not abrupt. The lead object started to flicker and became hard to see, dimming until black, like it ran out of fuel (if it was fire). The middle object had held its course, heading NW and then made a turn to the East also, same as the lead light, and then started to dim. I was trying to find it in my binoculars when it dimmed out. Only the trailing light 'descended' while the others appeared to continue on.

I went in to check my film and found one movie missing and one screenshot or photo. The movie that saved was only 2 seconds long. I know I filmed it two times, I know I filmed it for a little bit, at least quite a few seconds. Something malfunctioned. I was also scrambling to film this before they were gone, so perhaps I may have deleted it some how. But very odd that one was only 2 seconds.

My thoughts are, being into aviation and being a plane spotter, is that it may have been balloons, a prank hoax, as they appeared to be balloons. They were moving, and it appeared odd that if they were moving, how, as the wind was very still, it had been overcast all day. Perhaps there was a wind up there, but there was zero wind at ground level. Very calm.

The objects appeared to be moving along slowly, no ups or downs, just like a slow moving plane, and two of them 'very much did change course', as though they turned or were buffeted by a wind going in another direction.

The size appeared to be 4 feet in diameter, but man, this was night. Very hard to say. They appeared to be at least a mile away. They appeared to be coming from Central Phoenx, were perhaps over Bell or Union Hills Road at about 56th Ave when I first spotted them. They were quite bright and big. A landing light is quite small. These were like big flames, but had a like transparent halo over them. Horizontal flight, not climbing or descending, perfectly horizontal, and moving.

Thats it. Nothing special.
