{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5286738.json","updb_database_id":5286738}
Thousands of horizontal lightning flashes (not touching ground) last about 20 minutes and travelling north parallel ot Lke Michgan shore ith no sound

July 2, 2021
Grand Rapids, MI

My name is Jim Dayton. I am writing this because I recently viewed an “ancient Aliens” program on the History Channel, and it startled me to learn that there has been a mysterious phenomena of lost aircraft and ships near where I live in Lake Michigan.

It was late summer of 2019 (to the best of my recollection). My address was 8366 Ridgestone, Byron Center, MI 49315.

At about 10 pm I was standing in my Kitchen window with a southern view. The sun had already set and it was “pitch black”…a night sky. To the west about 15 to 20 miles is Holland, MI and Lake Michigan. The weather was clear and the humidity was normal…neither unusually damp or dry. Suddenly, ito the south, n the far distance (many miles away, about as far as the eye can see…maybe 20-30 miles), I saw a flash of lighting crossing horizontally across the sky. It didn’t strike the ground. There was no accompanying thunder. I thought it odd that there was no sound, although sometimes when lightning is so far away, there is no accompanying thunder. 
The lighting began to “fire” with great frequency, at least one hundred times a minute, perhaps much more. The lightning was always horizontal never touching the ground. Not one lightning bolt reached the ground, and no lightning bolt emitted any sound of any type. All windows were shut. Perhaps if I had been outside I could have heard an electrical sound…I just don’t know.
The lightning continued with regularity, advancing in a northern direction. It was so unusual that I summoned my wife, Judy, to the window to verify what I was seeing. She verified that she was seeing the same thing I was, and we both continued to watch it. It continued to advance in our direction with lightning “firing” in every horizontal direction from a central point. It continued to advance and eventually passed directly over my house. For every second of my viewing the frequency of lightening (a hundred or hundreds of bolts per minute) and lack of sound never varied. After it passed over, I did not go outside my house to watch it further. This was partly out of fear and partly because I am nearly an invalid, and it would have been unsafe to climb down the stairs at night. The entire show from initial sighting until it passed over my house lasted about 20 minutes. The lightning seemed to “originate” in an outward pattern in all directions from the perimeter of a central point. The perimeter was perhaps about 200 yards to a quarter-mile in diameter. I was so mesmerized and confused that it never occurred to me to video tape it on my iphone. It is a huge regret that I didn’t do so. I never heard of anyone else seeing it on the news or in person. I was of sound mind..no drugs, no alcohol, no dreaming, and my wife saw it too.

If this makes any sense to you, I would appreciate a reply. My curiosity is overwhelming.
