{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-10-11 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5502738.json","updb_database_id":5502738}
{cak} heading to Burne from Redding I thought it was going to hit me and I lost 15minutes

I had been working in Sacramento. Got a job in Burne so my boyfriend , myself and his brother pack up on Oct. 11, 1992 and headed for Burne. We had agreed between us that we would always keep each others car lights within seeing distance so we would not get separated. When we headed for Burne from Redding we are going into the mountains. We agreed to stop at a little store that we knew stayed open really late to get something to drink. Well, I was the middle car, my boyfriend was driving the uhual behind me and his brother in his car ahead of me. We were maybe one mile from the store and as I rounded one curve this red orange huge circle came right at me from about 200ft above me. I couldn't see the road. I thought I was going to drive off the cliff on my right side. I slowed to a crawl but I didn't want stop because I was scared. I looked for the lights of the uhaul that was suppose to be behind me but they weren't there. I started crying. I was alone and could not see the road. Then as quick as it came it was gone. I looked through my windows to see if I could see where it was. But I couldn't. I went on down to the store and the brother was drinking a soda leaning against his car. When I got out of the car he ask me what happened. He said he had been waiting for 15 min already. He ask where my boyfriend was and I said I don't know. It was another 15min before he showed up. Now this is where it got weird. It wasn't until the next morning that I remembered what happened. I sat straight up in bed and my boyfriend ask me what was wrong and I ask him did anything unusual happen to him on the way to that store and he said no. He ask me why and I couldn't tell him because I was scared. I have lived with this fear since then. I'm not normally a scared person but when it comes to this, I start crying. I talked to my parent 6 months later and was told to keep it too myself for the time being. This is the first time I have told anyone else. What happened to me those 15min.?
I have moved many times because I don't want them to find me. Why do I think this way? I don't know because I don't know what really happened once I could not see the road. I seriously thought the thing was going to hit me. It came right at my front car window. I live by myself andevery time I hear thunder or see lightening I become uneasy and afraid. I don't know why.
