{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-06 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5466738.json","updb_database_id":5466738}
{jpg} UFO was a half circle of lights on top that changed in color. Bottom half was hazy and shape poorly defined but overall shape was a rough disc. Moved like a jellyfish in the ocean when hovering.

I was in my cabin painting a mural on the wall when I had the desire to get out a book on the constellations that I bought over a year and a half ago and have never used. I found the star chart for summer and then felt the urge to go out on the deck and try to see the constellations. After my eyes adjusted, I noticed a star that seemed the brightest roughly 40 degrees above the horizon at an initial direction of NW. Then as my eyes adjusted further it seemed as though the star was moving and that it was actually a group of lights with colors that varied from red to reddish orange and perhaps a goldish yellow color and then white. It was late for me to be up so I thought perhaps I was imagining things. I used a branch on a large pine tree as a reference point and continued to track the movement of the object for over half an hour. Yes, it was definitely moving. Even when stationary the object reminded me of something--a jellyfish as it is moved in the waves. Eventually it increased its distance from the horizon by another 10 to 15 degrees and moved from NW to NW by N. It was definitely not a star, not a plane, not a satellite. At one point, a plane flew very close to it! I heard the plane and saw its motion so felt better as I knew for sure that this was no plane. I had to go inside for a while as I felt as though my entire body was electrified and it made me scared. I went back outside perhaps 5 or 10 minutes later and it was still there. It made me feel bizarre and exhausted to the extreme. This was at perhaps 11:15 pm. I was too scared to go to bed so I watched something on Netflix. Next thing I knew it was 1:30 am and I was still in my chair. I went to bed. I tried to take both photos and a video but it was fruitless. The object did not show up in either. I know what I saw and I know what I felt. I was not consuming any alcoholic beverages and I do not use drugs. I do not take any medications either.
