{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44527","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5513738.json","updb_database_id":5513738}
(GS) Unknown Objects-two different days

In the last two days I have witnessed 3 different unidentified objects. While I am not sure if they are UFO per se, I am reporting them as odd objects and unknown to me. Last night about 8:30 p.m. exiting off 496 going West to Waverly Road exit, preparing to turn Right onto Waverly North, I looked out my driver window to the South, and above the overpass witnessed what appeared to be a light streak coming down from the sky from an Easterly direction to a West direction and then make an abrupt stop and what then appeared to begin flashing. It happened very quickly and I wasnt even sure what I saw, but I first thought maybe it was a falling star, but it it seem to not burn out but stop abruptly. Today 12/13/12 at about 9:00 a.m., I was headed to work and, as an avid sky watcher, and conspiracy theorist, I was noticing all the chem trails in the sky this morning over Lansing. As I was driving South, I looked up and saw a bright reflection, which was quite aways away from where I was, I continued to watch it while I was driving and noticed that it was much lower than the Jets flying above it in the sky. It seemed oval/round from my perspective and was not very big, but then seemed to just disappear and the reflection was gone. This evening about 6:45 p.m. I was looking out my dining room window, which faces South, at the night sky and noticed what appeared to be a helicoper just sort of hovering South/West of my home flashing red and white lights. I continued to watch it, and then further from the West, I noticed a small, orangish colored light flying in my direction, which would have been from the South/West to a NorthEast direction, it flew over my home at about 500 ft above, and did not have any flashing lights just continued to be bright orangish colored and continued on at a normal-somewhat quick pace. As it went past my home, I continued to watch it and it seemd to have dimmed and no longer emminating light from my perspective. It did not make any noise either. I wondered if the "helicoptor" noticed it or was even guiding it in? It seemed odd and somewhat out of place.
