{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-11 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5471738.json","updb_database_id":5471738}
{cak} 3 pulsating pure white spheres hovering in triangular shape. Turned to 4 spheres.

I was driving my step son to basketball practice. We arrived at about 5:30pm and were waiting for his coach in the parking lot as we were early. It gets dark here at about 4:40pm so the sun had already set and it was night. As we were waiting in the car I noticed a few lights in the sky hovering above the tree tops. I kinda brushed it off at first as low flying helicopters, But as the minutes passed I noticed the lights were not moving and were hovering in place. There were 3 of them and they were pure white and seemed to be pulsating simultaneously. They didn1t flash like helicopters or airplanes. No blue or red blinks. They would move up and down, left and right but never moved forward and always kept a triangular shape. At this point it started to creep me out and I turned to my step son who is 13 and told him to look. We continued to watch them and try to figure out what they were. As we were watching them they turned from 3 objects to 4. I don1t know if one was behind the other and came out or if it came out of the other orbs. Two of the orbs were very bright white while they other two seemed to be more faint. I took out my phone and snapped 2 pictures. The objects were far away from me so I had to zoom in and my phone didn1t capture them as clearly as I would of liked so I tried to record a video. I only recorded for a few seconds before some of the other kids started showing up and I had to stop filming. After my step son went inside I could still see the lights. This is after about 6-7 minutes. I decided I would drive to try and get closer to see what it was or if I could get a better picture. I unfortunately lost the lights in my attempt. Hoping you all can shed some light on this and possibly even explain it so I can sleep peacefully at night. But from my point of view it was very strange and left me feeling very creeped out after.
