{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-21 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5530738.json","updb_database_id":5530738}
Sets of paralell orange/yellow "orbs"...two on, one off, four on...1/2 mile high, stationary.

We were sitting on the deck of our beach house at Sunset Beach, NC, overlooking the Atlantic Ocean facing due south. About 9:30 pm as we were talking, one of our family members (there were four of us that witnessed this) said "what is that?" I looked to the sky and there were two orange/yellow lights in the sky above the ocean directly out from our deck...they seemed to be fairly close to together (more apart than two headlights coming toward you), and were fairly bright, like a street light from about a 100 yards away. There was a pretty bright moon out over the ocean, and they were just under the moon, so they were pretty high up (unless they were much closer to shore than we thought, but definitely not on the water). After about two seconds, the left-most light turned off, then three or four more lights to the right all came on. They were on for another 3-5 seconds, then all of them went dark.

There was no sound of any engines in the air. All of the lights were in a parallel line with the horizon. During the time the lights were on, they didn't move at all. We first thought fireworks, as when it reaches it zenith, and right before it explodes, but these lights couldn't have been fireworks as they floated still for several seconds and were in such perfect parallel order. 

We did notice a lot more airplane activity over the ocean after this incident, but it may have been because we were looking for it. Perhaps something with the military was our first guess.

About 50 minutes later, we did notice two more similar lights in the distance come on, but there was some clouds and it wasn't as clear. They seemed further away as well. 

Based on the angle, we could also discount boats, as they were much higher in the air.

We had several feelings after seeing them, trying to determine what we saw. It was as if it was a line of silent helicopters hovering over the ocean and they turned their lights on for a few seconds, then turned off, like they had to mark something. But with the moonlight providing some light in the evening sky, we couldn't see the shapes of anything once the lights went off. It was like whatever generated the lights simply vanished with no sound.

I'd love to hear likely things that we witnessed.
