{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-14 17:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469738","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90776","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/738/mufon-5469738.json","updb_database_id":5469738}
{cak} Hovered over center of St. Clair River at about the same height of the bridges. Constantly changing reflective colors. As it flew east to Canada, it gained altitude and hid in clouds

I was fishing the St. Clair River at the north end of the water treatment plant. I started fishing around 5:15 PM. I was sitting there waiting for a bite when I heard a man yelling very loud from the parking lot at the police department which is next to the water treatment plant on the north side. He yelled OH WOW ! WOW ! Then he kinda laughed excitedly. I immediately looked to the north and seen a silver and gold reflecting object hovering very slowly over the St. Clair River. It looked like a rippling rectangle shaped mirror.It was about the height of the bridges from the water.The object was moving slowly from west to east, which is from Port Huron Michigan to Sarnia Ontario. The object started flashing very reflective colors that kept changing. It was like a gyroscope of colored mirrors for lack of better words.The object was about the size of a car, but was more of a rectangle shape. As it neared the Canadian shoreline, it started to ascend and flew around faster but went towards the clouds. It was very reflective the entire time I observed it. When I first seen it, I tried to make sense of it. I tried to say it1s a plane, a helicopter, a helium balloon, a jet, a drone, but it wasn1t. It didn1t make any sounds and the way it was hovering, and flying was very unique. By the time I realized I was looking at a UFO, it was up over Sarnia flying around and into the clouds. I got a small video clip but that doesn1t do it justice. I couldn1t see the screen on my phone very well because of a glare. I lost sight of the object when it flew in a cloud high up in the sky.Might be irrelevant, but I seen a US Coast Guard boat heading out into Lake Huron about 20 minutes before I witnessed it. About 30-40 minutes after I lost sight of the object, that same Coast Guard boat was heading back in the river. I don1t know where the object came from, I first seen it over the river.
