{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-22 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5515247.json","updb_database_id":5515247}
Two very large glowing balls, tracking the same path through the sky as each other, then stopping at the same place.

!!(my room is attached to the garage with the front door opening towards the backyard, my house backs onto a local petting farm and reserve, so there is over 100 hectares of open space. I believe this necessary for your understanding)!!

On the 22nd of September in the very early morning, my little brother "R" came outside to my room and asked me for a ciggie. After about five minutes our conversation had taken the same path it normally did: political and spiritual. By this point in time, my girlfriend "H" had joined into the conversation. After around about 10 minutes the conversation became more heated, so my little brother stepped outside the door, in a gesture that he was fed up and was intending to leave. From where i was sitting, positioned roughly 2 meters in front of "R", approximately 1 meter from the door, looking out towards "R"'s face which placed the general trajectory of my view, on a rough 45 facing into the sky ("R" is 6" tall).
Suddenly over "R"'s left shoulder, i noticed a ball of glowing white light that held a slight aqua blue hue, roughly the size the moon appears to us, travelling North-East whilst the same time ascending into the sky, 
leaving behind it a light white trail that dissipated only 30 seconds after it settled behind a cloud. All i can remember thinking at this point in time was "Oh my God, I don't think i have ever seen something so beautiful and so clearly not human."
As soon as i had noticed the first one slip off behind the cloud, a second identical ball of light arose from the exact same position over "R"'s left shoulder, settling behind the exact same cloud as the first. When the cloud had only one orb of light behind it, the outer edge was illuminated but not noticeably so. Once the second orb had settled behind it, it was apparent this cloud was now glowing (as far as i know the orbs had nothing to do with the creation of this cloud, it was a standard rain cloud that was merely lit up by their presence). 
After i managed to gather my thoughts, as what i had just seen would have been exactly what was necessary to both prove my point, and calm the original conversation,i began shouting, "Turn around "R"! Turn around!"
I started screaming this first as ball of light 1, settled behind the cloud. In a standard human reaction of fear, when i had asked "R" to turn around so suddenly he froze, assuming that some kind of danger was lurking behind him. After a few more attempts of shouting, "Turn Around!" he did, yet sadly he didn't even manage to catch a glimpse of even the second ball of light settling behind the cloud. 
However both "R" and "H" were blessed enough to see the now completely illuminated cloud that was surrounded by complete darkness (the night was so overcast i only recall seeing four or five stars, and they were on the opposite side of the sky as i was checking constellations for flight trajectory). 
The orbs of light stayed behind the cloud for a time period of approximately 20 minutes. I know this as the glowing cloud almost felt common place in the sky, by the time the light illuminating it began to rise straight up into the sky. As it rose they illuminated each and every cloud they passed through/behind, until suddenly there was a slight flash and the light was gone. For some reason even writing that makes me feel sad, as i recall nothing less than being so filled with energy, i was unable to clearly express what i had seen to either "R" or "H" at the time.
