{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-12-29 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5520247.json","updb_database_id":5520247}
Winter 1980/1981 large, low, slow, bright disc overflew two pre-teen boys in snowcovered field at dusk

This story is being relayed by MUFON Field Investigator, Arkansas #16648 as told to him in separate interviews by the two experiencers. The brothers were 10 and 12 at the time and in their early forties now. They were checking traps in a field across the road from their house at dusk on a winter evening. The ground was snowcovered and the temperature below freezing. They noticed a bright white with bluish tinge, glowing object about a mile and a half to two miles easterly from them near the Oklahoma/Arkansas state line. They did not know what it was when they first saw it. They reported it was low above the horizon and came directly toward them at a speed they both estimated at 30 mph. Their accounts vary from 150 to 600 feet in altitude and 60 to 150 feet in diameter. One must bear in mind that they were young, scared,a long way from the house and it has been over 30 years since the sighting. They both report that it was disc shaped and one of them reports a lighted pyramid shaped appendage hanging down several feet from the bottom. The object flew almost directly over them at a steady course, speed, and altitude. After it flew about another half mile beyond them it suddenly increased speed and quickly sped out of sight in seconds. Both of them used the same word to describe their emotions, "scared", and they both report running to the nearest house but nobody was home so they continued running to their house, over a half mile away. Both the parents were interviewed by the Field Investigator and report the boys came through the door out of breath and very excited. The father separated them and had them both draw pictures which the parents agree matched. There were two adult neighbors that also saw the object, one is now deceased and the other in ill health. The Field Investigator has been aware of this sighting for about 15 years but has only recently joined MUFON and became an Investigator.
