{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-20 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5483247.json","updb_database_id":5483247}
{dr}Strange light with an odd object behind it that had a Matrix-like surface

First of all, I want to express gratitude to this forum for allowing me to share my husband and I experience with a UFO. I recently found out about MUFON and just have to report what happened to us a few years ago.

In April of 2012, my husband and I were walking to the market, which was directly across the street from us, when we observed an odd light directly above the apartments next to us. At first, we thought it may have been a reflection of the street lamp on something in the sky. As we continued walking, we kept looking at this light, which resembled a "tap light". The other odd thing was that neither of us spoke until my husband asked me if I was seeing what he was seeing. When we both acknowledged this "tap light", we stopped walking and stood there observing this light for about 10 minutes. We even looked around to see if anyone was seeing this "little moon" in the sky. The sky was dark but where this light was, it was even darker and when we continued to look at it, we noticed that behind the light was something that I still can't find the words to describe, so please bear with me.

The object behind the light didn't have a discernable shape. I couldn't see the object at first but I could see that this "tap light" was inset on the surface of something. The surface of the object was like the scrolling numbers on the movie "The Matrix", that cut at angles to show that it had a shape but nothing I can definitively describe. It was as if a projector was shining on a plane surface rather than a white screen. Also, the sky around this light was extremely dark. Darker than the surrounding night sky. We stood there in disbelief because it was a Friday night, and lots of people outside, yet no one but us was reacting to this Thing in the sky. If my husband wasn't there with me, I may have thought I'd become insane. He confirmed what I was seeing with my own eyes and haven't told to anyone since then.

Finally, after standing in the parking lot for what felt like a long time, we just walked away and went to the market. The object and its "tap light" was still there but wasn't there when we returned home. To me, I felt that this strange object was making itself invisible to everyone but because we first observed it from it's side, we were able to see it. 

Though this in itself was a strange occurrence for both my husband and I, what happened the next few days after this event was even more strange. We started to notice our sleeping patterns were off and we both experienced a high sexual energy between us that felt very wrong to us, yet we had no control of. It was like we couldn't keep our hands off each other and we couldn't be sated. Also, my husband had a small puncture on his chest, like from a hypodermic needle. 

We don't have any pictures or video of this event because it was such a normal day, nothing warranted us to have our phones on us to take any. I wish we did because it was a truly amazing experience and has opened my eyes to things outside of the norm.
