{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-14 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5480247.json","updb_database_id":5480247}
{cak} For the past two weeks every night betweenthe hours of 7 & 9 at night me &my entire family and some of my nieboors have witnessed this ufo every night like clockwork it it shoots into our atmosphere and it looks like a metiorit the way it zooms down

For the past two weeks every night between the hours of 7 and 9 at night me and my entire family and some of my nieboors have witnessed this ufo every night like clockwork it it shoots into our atmosphere and it looks like a metiorit the way it zooms down in our atmosphere and once it gets to a certain altitude under the clouds and screeches to almost a complete stop planes can't do this. After it comes to almost a complete stop it starts moving from West to East every night at a very low rate of speed flying very sparatically. Last night for the first time I took a very high powered flash light and would point it at the ufo almost like I was doing an sos with the light turning it on and off. And as soon as I did this and pointed this light at the sphere shaped very bright object as soon as the light hit it the ufo turned on this almost like force field green aura light around the craft and started so ING me back with the most brilliant green aura looking force field light my eyes have ever seen. This has been every night for the last couple weeks and um pretty sure it will appear again tonight. The green aura force field this craft turned on looked just like the Aurora bori alies. Green lights I've never witnessed anything more beautiful in my life. Every day it shoots in our atmosphere it seems to be a little closer to the ground than the previous day. I've been using my mind to summon them and it seems to be working this craft responded to my light and so s NE right back. This is not a plane this is not a Chinese Lantern this is a ufo like it or not and they been trying to communicate with me I think because I'm so open minded. I'll bet my ass it will be back tonight. My girlfriend has seen it my son has seen it my best friend seen it my best friends mom and dad seen this thing and a few other people think is a ufo I beleave it is pilot ted by either the greys or the nordics these are the two species of eti I've been trying to communicate with it will be back too
