{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-31 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5286247.json","updb_database_id":5286247}
bright amber light moving east at irregular speed

I stepped out on the balcony just to look at the view and saw a bright glowing light that I thought was a star. After looking at the other stars around it I realize it is moving towards me. At that point I thought it was a plane so I was just watching it for a minute and realized the light would pulse, then move to either side a bit then it was much closer to me, then it would pulse and move over and it was really close and I realized what I was seeing.
I went inside and grabbed my phone and recorded what I could.
I was not prepared and there was a message notification on the screen so at about 30 seconds I lowered the phone and removed the notification and zoomed in a bit and pointed back at the light again.
At original speed it is just a bouncing ball, but when zoomed in and slowed down it looks exactly like the ufo I recorded many times before, all the way back to my first report Aug 2 2019.
The difference is the light was so bright and big I didn't consider it to be the same thing. It was also moving much faster than any previous sighting.
The video still frames and slow motion shows a green color that I have never seen any any of the other video's but the tumbling movement is the same.
It can't be bokeh creating the slow video effect.
I should have just turned on my security camera and would have had steady video.
Most of the shaky in the vid is from me. The light moved in mostly a straight line with slight changes during each burst.
I included a screen recording at 25% speed of what might be the pulse or acceleration burst.

I sent a message to a friend right after I saw it to tell him about it and he said he saw a green ball fly over and took off really fast at about the same time
