{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5485247.json","updb_database_id":5485247}
{dr}Spheres observed on security cameras.

Appalachian 9-Ball
Report for Mufon [name removed/CMS/dr]

	Throughout this investigation new video data came in every week and is still very robust. An external hard drive is still recording events and awaits study. Lorna, the witness has given the first original security system back to the original security system installers. A complete copy of the hard drive is forthcoming. A special coded block made it nearly impossible to record and copy on our own after two weeks attempting to do so. A full 3 months1 worth of recording on all 4 cameras presented a mountain of material to be watched. Without the dealer installer codes her SWANN system would only allow for 2 hours at a time of research.

	Lorna1s new security system has 6 cameras and cost a lot more money. The second system has yielded 6 of 9 categories that I have observed. An external hard drive was set up by Mufon and we anxiously await to see more events.

	I will briefly list the 9 categories of events we identified.
1.	The original spheres 1 event.
2.	Beehive like cylinder shape 1 event.
3.	Upside down shaped icicles. 
4.	Parabolic shape cloud structures 1 event.
5.	Bottom triangles (2 dimensional) 1 event.
6.	Residual Fluorescence of Back Lawn 1 event.
7.	2 solids chasing each other. 1 event.
8.	Distant circular still light 1 event.
9.	High speed right to left moving spheres (incredible speeds) 1 event.

	Since Lorna did want more investigation; I hope to get more data very soon. Her and her husband were camera shy and often sick, so in order to get a report into Mufon I agreed to formally interview her over the phone, which went really well. The two times I went up to their house they were visibly scared and rushed me out both times. I did get rock samples, soil samples, and even tree branch samples that were a few feet away from the original spherical event.

	Lorna and I developed a very close relationship revolved around the approximately 50 hours of phone time we racked up. She called me more than I called her. She very quickly trusted me, and I reduced her fear of the events in play. She would send me videos often and I would always call her right back and talk about the new video. She was always intelligent and very believable. To show you how well our relationship is 1 she actually called me the day after the phone interview to tell me I was doing a good job on the case. She also wanted to add that at times certain cameras would 1go out1 and then magically turn on. I always asked her what she thought different things were about. Lorna has gotten much less fearful and is now wanting to know answers.

	She lives in a remote area of Northeastern New Jersey; an area with 17 lakes, many of which have had UFO reports associated with them. From her back porch, you can see part of the Appalachian trail, and on a good night you can play Appalachian 9 Ball.

On Further Investigations
1	Birds are mainly ruled out on this case.
     Hummingbirds left the area to migrate to south west United States early in September.
	Eagles are too big.
	Vultures are too big.
	Big black birds are too big; and not many of them are in this area in New Jersey. 

1	The Scole Experiment in Italy dealt with similar phenomena. Thusly showing the same phenomena on two different continents. Two of the images on the Scole website were identical to the images picked up on the hard drive from the witnesses.
1	I would like to try and capture at least one of the spheres on two different cameras, from different angles at once.
1	This would be great and easy to set up.
1	I would also like to capture images from the woods around their house towards their house, for a two hour period at night. Lorna and I agree; that one to three in the morning would be a peak time period. (I could use my Sony nightshot mode also.)
1	Also, my Sony outdoor has great audio, which I could pick up for two hours straight. Inside their house, they never heard anything.
1	At this point, all six cameras have had at least one event happen.
1	The diversity of the data is starting to show patterns.
1	The data may be even showing intelligent thought.
1	I have complete rock, foliage and soil samples which I would like to have tested.
1	Although they (the witnesses) are hesitant, I am ready to RF and ELF test as soon as possible. (I have a meter ready to go.)
1	Around their house exists a horseshoe shaped natural rock sculpture that is striking in size and composition. Most of it actually is quite old looking and black. This property structure is another candidate for RF and ELF readings.
