{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-05 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87148","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5473247.json","updb_database_id":5473247}
5th October 2017: three flashes of bright white light moving across sky near Dunblane, Scotland.

It was the evening of 5th October 2017 just before 8pm. We were driving north on the A9 from Stirling towards Perth in Scotland, UK. It had been raining but was dry at the time of the sighting. There was some dark cloud cover but breaks in the cloud and a full moon visible, very bright. The sighting happened at 19:55. It was a brief event, over in a matter of seconds. I noticed a bright white light in the sky above, while I was looking at the full moon. Initially I didn't think it was anything in particular, just that it was a bright light. The sighting consisted of three bright flashes, moving from right to left and the entire event was over very quickly, in about 3 seconds. The object, or light, was composed of two rectangular shapes right next to each other. The object flashed once to the right, once above and once slightly to the left in a shallow V' shape pattern. It left the impression of an object moving almost instantaneously in time from one location to the next. I felt excited and that I was witnessing something strange, unusual and unexplainable. The words UFO sprang to mind, even if just because it was unexplainable. It was too fast to be any kind of aircraft such as a plane or helicopter. It was too low, too large, too bright and moving way too fast to be a star or the ISS. It's movements were quick: flashes of light of light appearing in different parts of the sky in quick succession, travelling on a path. There did not appear to be any trails. I lost sight of the object because it appeared to go behind cloud cover and did not reappear after the third flash.
