{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-07 17:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496247","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/247/mufon-5496247.json","updb_database_id":5496247}
{nd} at first I thought it was an owl. but i realized it was much to large to be an owl. it was white at first then changed into a lumpy shaped object that almost looked like a cartoon cloud

I had gone for a walk late in the evening. It was warm and clear. I walked through a little neighborhood near our house. I was walking up a small incline on the edge of the park that crosses the train tracks and I looked up and saw a strange white thing that I at first thought was an owl.. then I realized it was much too big to be an owl.. but the odd thing was when I thought it was an owl it had the curve of a wing almost... I don't know if my brain was matrixing.. trying to find order in a shape so to speak.. but Really it was much to big to be a bird.. it was about twenty feet above the trees and about two inches against the sky... it was not really dark but was not dusk either.. the light from the lamps along the lake lit things up artificially..its hard to describe. sort of an orange light.. Anyway. I saw the object and like I said I thought it was a bird.. then it changed.. it shifted. That is the only way I can describe it. one part sort of shifted... it changed its color sort of too.. it became blurry on the edges..I could see through part of it and towards the front it was almost solid. Also The lights along the bike path reflected off the bottom of it. I hate to say this but the only way I can describe the shape it took after I realized it was not an owl was, well, it looked like a cartoon cloud. A lumpy little cartoon cloud. I do not know what the hell I saw. I know I am of sound mind. I watched whatever it was.. to me it seemed like it had a purpose. dont ask me how i know that but it was on duty. It went on a straight path never varying in altitude or speed. it zoomed along at about thirty or thirty five miles an hour.. and I watched it until it was across the lake.. I went the half a block home and told my family. 

I hope I described it sufficiently... I honestly do not know how else to describe it.... if there are any questions please feel free to email me.. my mother wants me to write about some other things that happened when I was younger. Those involved my entire family and a few family friends.. I do not know how this reporting works but I do fear ridicule although part of me does not care because i want to know if others have experienced what we did for years... anyway. :) thank you for listening and maybe someone can explain what I saw.... if it was something mundane, thats fine!!
