{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5525510.json","updb_database_id":5525510}
Date and time are for the latest sighting, but report covers more sightings over a period of time

The date I have quoted at the head of the form is the date of the latest sighting of what I can only describe as none other than a UFO.
However, this report includes sightings from the month of April and I must stress the sightings are only the latest of a series over the last couple of years.
It was Friday 22nd April 2011 and at approximately 12.15 hours, shortly after midday, an object suddenly appeared in the sky to the west. I estimated the altitude at about between 2000- 3000 feet. It was rectangular in shape, black and had what seemed to be a large white ball, or 1blob1 at the left side. At first glance I thought it to be a helicopter, but was quickly aware there were no rotors to be seen. The only sound of any engines was very faint and obviously in the far distance and certainly not from this strange looking object, because any engine noises at this height would be quite loud. This I know because living at the coast we have helicopters frequently in the vicinity. I then thought a bird of prey, however this was soon quashed because there was no movement whatsoever. I rushed for my binoculars, and even though taking only about 30 seconds I was too late as the object had disappeared just as quickly as it had arrived. There was not a trace of it flying away north, south, east or west, and surely if it had been a helicopter or some other aircraft I would have seen it in the distance, but there was nothing. What I write next may seem odd, but as a result of past experiences I made a note in my diary and added that I expected another visit in the near future.
I was not disappointed. The very same day at approx. 22.45 hours a very large bright white light suddenly appeared, and at the very spot I had last witnessed the object. I quickly had my binoculars trained on the light and it came in my direction, which meant it was flying in an easterly direction, and as I followed it I was more or less underneath the light at one point, but to detect any shape or design was impossible due to the power of the bright light. I continued to follow the 1light1, and then it changed direction going south-east, but only a short distance before ascending diagonally and disappearing totally; albeit in only a couple of seconds. This performance was repeated on the following days:- Monday 25.04.11 at 22.33 hours; Friday 29.04.11 at approx.22.40 hours; Saturday 30.04.11 at approx.22.50 hours.
On all occasions I could follow the 1light1 with my binoculars as it was not travelling at great speed across the sky until it did the vanishing act, but to identify the shape, as said previously, was not possible due to the brightness of the light, and could only assume it was the same object seen on the 22nd at 12.15, because it happened to appear in the exact spot. I can undoubtedly state that this was no ordinary passenger, or military aircraft that disappeared at such a tremendous speed.
The next phase of my report is for the night of June 30th to July 1st 2011. The time was 00.33 hours and after a spell of unsettled weather I finally had the opportunity to observe the stars again. I was looking from the living room window which faces south and as I looked all around a 1star1 slightly to the east suddenly 1juddered1, or vibrated, just as when an engine is switched on, and then scurried rapidly across the sky going south-west. I soon followed with the aid of the binoculars and then clear to see another 1star1 came into my sight. This was travelling south-east and was of a bluish light. I had both in my vision then the first one vanished from sight and so could concentrate on the second one. I still had this in my sights as something then appeared which surpassed the other two. My attention was drawn to a red light which suddenly came into focus. From where I had no idea because I had seen no other lights as I had followed the two 1stars1. As the craft neared, coming from the south-west and travelling north-east, it was clear to see the red light at the left wingtip and a red light at the centre of the underside. There was a very bright bluish light at the right wingtip, or possibly on the topside of the craft, this being exactly the same shade of blue as the 2nd 1star1, but was not that one as I could still see it going SE. This was of course from my standpoint, meaning the red light would be on the right wingtip and the bright bluish light at the left. The bluish light was so bright that it showed off the underside of the craft which was grey in colour and first impressions were that it was of a triangular shape It came across the sky travelling very slowly and quietly which in my opinion was too slow for a craft such as this, and should have been quite loud, as the Tornadoes when flying in our area. I followed the craft as it continued NE until disappearing beyond the other buildings.
The latest sighting was on the 9th July 2011 at 23.15 hours. I had switched off the TV and as I looked from the balcony there was no mistaking the red light that dropped into the airspace from nowhere, but again at the exact place as the one on the (location removed)flg The red light did then exactly as the times previous only as it came in my direction the light became a large, bright orange light. In no time at all I had my binoculars and followed the light from the bedroom window and at the same time shouted to my wife to take a photo. As the orange light neared, I had now joined my wife on the balcony, and at one point we were directly underneath it, and as it was not travelling speedily I concentrated on the light whilst my wife tried to take a photo, but to no avail. I still had the orange light, large and bright, but on the camera; there was nothing showing on the lens and we could not take a photo. Perhaps you can give an explanation of this. Anyway, I continued to keep track of the object, which I can only claim to be a UFO, and watched it go away quietly and slowly east, then slightly SE, however not zooming away at incredible speed as in the past.
Since this day we have had rather unsettled weather and there has been nothing more untoward showing.
I should like to say that these sightings are only the latest going back over a lot of years, especially since January 1998 when living in Hagen, NRW, Germany.
Something took place that would take far too long to explain in this report, but I can say some of the things I have seen go much further than bright lights skimming or rotating across the sky and in fact after long deliberation am in the process of putting these in book form with sketches and references etc. Whether it gets published or not is another matter.
I hope this report is not too long and I have enclosed a sketch of the rectangular object. As you will see by the form I have no objections to being contacted, only that I should like to mention that we are planning to leave Germany and so possibly after the end of August will be living on the Isle of Wight, UK and so the contact details may well have changed after 31st August 2011.
I do hope you find the report of some interest.

(name information removed) cms flg 07/20/2011 07:05
