{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-30 18:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112835","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4983,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5290510.json","updb_database_id":5290510}
assumed star until the orb made movements impossible for a star with a rotating center

I was driving home from a friends house headed down my street in the direction of West when I saw what I thought had to be venus or a bright star. As an astronomer I kept glancing at it curiously until I pulled into the drive. I got out and noticed it, still in the west, as it started slowly moving left to the south and then right to the north, maintaining elevation. It moved back to the center of view in the west and dropped down considerably fast lower than the tree line but was still visible partially through the trees. I ran to ask tim who has lived in this area since he the 1960's to come have a look. He thinks ufo's are nonsense but I refused to let him say no. He came over to see it and by this time it had moved to the southwest hovering just above the tree line. He was saying theres a nearby air strip and that its probably a plane until he stopped mid sentence and he watched as it darted to the northwest, raised up and hovered down to the tree line again. His face was in shock like i've never seen, he didnt even take his eyes off it as he told me I gotta try and follow it. He said there was a street on the other side of those trees that then laid next to open farm land and he told me how to get to it and I hopped in my truck to do just that. I lost sight of it for only seconds at a time while drove. Took all but 3 mins at most to get to a one lane country road on the otherside of the trees towards the west. It was now much darker out, and there were almost no houses in sight and the ones nearby had no lights on. The Orb moved over some large power lines in the west for 15 mins or so then raised elevation over a small house in the middle of a large field approx. 1-2 acres of flat field which I was parked right in front of. I had been videotaping most of it til my dad called. I told my dad what I was seeing as it stayed hovered very high up... not as high as a plane or star more like at low cloud level. Then my phone started getting interference and I told dad I'd call him back and hung up. I kept video taping after the call and turned on the radio. The radio stations were good and this was all the same for nearly an hr till the orb which kind of resembles a glowing orb all white with a "border" of black and a shifting/swaying center...like an eyeball that is looking around erratically. the center dot would move inside the border of the orb in a motion best described as similar to a gyroscopic sphere. It started quickly moving west then abruptly stopped. It stayed there hovering. My radio was then getting terrible interference. My phone rang it was my dad. I answered but it dropped the call. I started up my truck with not the usual ease but it did and I was going to follow it west ward. Dad called again I turned off the fuzzy radio and answered the call. He said I hung up on him and I told him I hadn't. The orb then shot up into the night sky. no sound nothing. I sat in the car staring at that patch of sky while talking to my dad for the better part of 10-15 mins. It didnt return. As I pulled away I was nearly ran off the road by a firetruck with no lights on going the opposite way on the one lane street. I literally screamed and jerked into the ditch. My dad heard all of this. The Fire truck after passing me turned on its lights even the emergceny ones but no siren and slowed to a normal speed in the opposite direction and disappeared from view. I was terrified. I drive a large white SUV how they failed to see me, or honk or why they had no headlights on as they approached me in the middle of the night going at least 45 miles an hr is still beyond me. I was going to go the the fire station and curse them out for damn near causing me to wreck. I did notice my radio working perfectly fine as i left. Freaked out I waited to report it and never did go to the fire station. I did look up that there were no emergencies in the area that night.
