{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-03-22 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5548510.json","updb_database_id":5548510}
It appeared flat, then flipped on its side, then took off , then seperated

I was coming home from work around 2AM in the morning, my husband was following me in his truck, I was alone in my car. I was headed south on 28th Street North in St. Petersburg. It was a clear evening. slightly cool. My husbands truck was older and I had a honda accord at the time and I was driving way ahead of him. As I was getting closer to my left hand turn onto 34th Street No, I noticed straight ahead of me something hoovering over the railroad tracks that was circular, very quite, steel looking greyish disk with a slight bump on the top 1/4 the size of the rest of the object. it was just there. it did not move and it really was something to see... It seemed hugh spanning the length of the road and just hoovering over the tracks. I stopped my car, rubbed my eyes and said out loud, that really is there. I am not dreaming this, (I looked into my rearview mirror hoping to see another car, maybe my husbands truck, anyone else),I am driving,I am not sleeping. What is that? Then a bit of fear came over me as to why I was the only one on that road and this thing was here alone in front of me, as if I had caught it before it could leave? I slowly opened my door after maybe 2 minutes just staring at it,very still in the middle of the road, a slight light was around the center. very faint light, very odd! As I stood there standing next to my car, door open but holding on to the car, without even a sound or a whisp of air it switched to its side! in a nanosecond. in a blink! WOW I thought! Now I was very afraid looking at it I started to get back in my car and then without a sound or even a whisp of air it took off it seemed like instantaniously in the night sky. In a blink! Now it was off in a far distance and just stopped dead in its tracks. I turned to look behind me again for my husbands truck, he was still no where in sight and neither was anybody else. I watched the disk in the air hoovering there around 2 more minutes, then it seperated instantly into a ball of flaming fire, the ball exited the disk on the left side, it was amazing!!!!! The ball of fire was orangeish and the same size as the disk. Now I had the disk on the right and the ball of flame on the left. They just stayed that way for a minute or so and then shot off into the way beyond my sight range. it all happened with absolutely no sound at all. I stood alone for a few minutes in the street next to the car. wondering what I had just seen. As I stood there a minute longer wishing it was still there I heard the truck turn the far corner onto 28th street behind me. My husband came up behind me and asked me what I was doing standing alone in the middle of the street. I said I had just seen a UFO or something and was very shaken and I needed to go see my Mom right now to talk about it. He laughed at me and said I think you need to get home and get to bed. I asked him if he believed me, he said well you obviously had something happen to you, but a UFO??? I started to cry and said I wanted to see my mother right now because she has known me all my life and she knows I would never make up a story about this. So I turned my car around and went to my mothers home, She was only 10 blocks from where this happened, it was now around 2:45 in the AM. I approached her home rang her doorbell and asked her to please put the coffee on, because I had an emergency and needed to talk to her immmediately. She said O.K. and let me in and put that pot of coffee on and listened to my eyewitness version of what had happened and agreed that I was not out of my mind. She said she had also seen things on her houseboat in the middle of the night she could not explain. She said it was best not to share these things as most people will label you nuts and I would be the brunt of peoples jokes. So I took her advise and never have really spoken about it until now. I am absolutely sane and very sure of this testimony. I hope by sharing this, this helps validate other peoples sightings. When something like this happens to you it is hard to deal with yourself, I cannot explain why this happened to me, let alone worry about how others will percieve me. Teri Lynge
