{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-07-24 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5411,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5492510.json","updb_database_id":5492510}
{rjl} I feel these events are happening.

I did not know who to send my information too hoping I am in the right direction. Thank You

Here goes I am 55 7/24/59. This all started when I was 4 Yrs. old in 1963. I lived in Barboursville, WV. One night we saw a light over the train tracks of our house. My Dad was in the USAF during the Korean War and we would sit outside on the porch and look for shooting stars. We saw this bright light and he thought it was a shooting star but all of the sudden it stopped and turned directions and came at our house. It stopped over our house but was too high to see what it was other than a bright light that changed colors. This was the first time, the next time I was 8 and my Uncle was a Major in the USAF stationed in Coco Beach FLA. We would go on vacation and he would invite us to their house to watch the rocket shots that they would launch from there. We had been there quit awhile listening to the countdown was way cool at the age of 8. At about T Minus 30 the countdown was interrupted. Of course everyone was bummed out. When all of the sudden a bright light shot on to the launch area and we saw and heard jets taking off and flying toward the light. The light seemed to play with the jets for a few min. then just shot up into the sky. The launch was canceled and my Uncle came home that night and of course we were asking him what had happened. He told us he could not tell us anything and to please never ask him about again. Well we all knew what we had seen, He never invited us to come up to see that again and he told us that his commander had told all the military personal not to invite anyone again to see those shots. He was a Major in the USAF with NASSA. The next experience was when I was 14 we had moved up on a farm and I was out late at night ridding my motorcycle. All of the sudden I felt like someone was watching me I stopped my dirt bike and looked up in the sky and again I saw a bright light hovering over me. It made no noise just hovered over me it would make mind bending moves up down left right in high speed maneuvers knew it was not anything I had ever seen before. The next time I saw something I was in the USAF stationed at Bentwaters/Woodbridge in England. My duty station was on the Woodbridge side and was next to the forest. For some reason that night I decided to go from our barracks back over to my duty station. I got on the bus that took you between the bases got off at the mess hall picked up a few sandwiches for the night shift and there was a short cut through the forest that we all always took. I saw these bright lights again and I started running to my duty station to tell anyone I could tell so I would know I was not going crazy. I got to my duty station and started telling the Sgt. on duty and he told me he did not want to talk about what he had seen and if I knew what was good for me I would not tell anyone else about it either. Someone came by our duty station and I could hear them telling him to keep his mouth shut about what he thought he had seen. They did not know I was there because I was not supposed to be there. He came inside and I asked him what all that was about and again he looked like he had seen a ghost and begged me not to mention it again. About 3 days later the Sgt. Left the base and no one would say where he went. They just said he was TDY and that we did not need to know. At the time the talk was we had a secret base in or around Egypt and that is where he went. Our Afc was Aero Space Ground Equipment a glorified gas station attendant. I mentioned this to one of the OSI personal on the base( WP) he asked me what I had seen. I told him and was sent to Clovis NM a few days later under the endangered Airman's act. I went from Clovis to Panama City FL. where again I saw a UFO I never told anyone about that sighting. It seemed like every 4 yrs. I would see one of these sightings. I have lost time a few different times. I think to this day I am being visited or something is going on with me. I will go to bed and have these awful dreams about being on a stretcher and having someone above me. Although I don't feel scared of what they are doing to me I feel scared of what they look like. I keep hearing in my head how they will not hurt me and that I will not remember them being there. I can't say I really remember as it seems like a dream but the dream keeps happening over and over. It1s not a nightly dream but an every few years dream, but it is always the same dream. I can't explain it but it seems that I see these objects ever 4 to 5 years. I have always felt my luck changes and my life seems to equal out in that time. I have never told anyone about this and hesitate to tell you all about it, but I have to tell someone. Thanks [name emoved/cms/rjl]
