{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-12 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5495510.json","updb_database_id":5495510}
Star-like, round object hovered for 20 minutes, then took off FAST

I came outside and saw what looked like a very low-hanging star, but still very high. All the stars were out but this object looked to be yellow whereas they appeared to be white. The light also seemed to be flickering. I stared at it for 20 minutes trying to determine what it was. I heard no noise, but it was quite far away. I didn't have my phone with me to take a photo but as it was dark and it was quite a distance away, I didn't think it would show up on my phone's camera at all like it would show up in real life. I went inside to grab my phone after watching it for 20 minutes, and when I came back out, the light was still there, but within 30 seconds of me being back outside watching it, the yellowish flickering light then turned to a strong red light, and then within about 30 seconds of that, it turned into a white light, and then it TOOK OFF, and it went WAYYYY faster than the plane I had just seen only 10 minutes or so before! It took off both vertically and horizontally. It looked like there were multiple lights when it took off, almost like if it were round, disc-like or sphere-shaped, and like there were multiple white lights on the bottom or on the sides, and that the bottom or the sides seemed to be rotating quickly while it was taking off. It could also have been one light and it was just going so fast that it looked like I was seeing multiple lights at one time, I'm really not sure because it just took off so damn fast. But it absolutely hung in the air totally still for 20 minutes before the light changed colours and then took off! I am shocked at what I have seen tonight! I almost don't believe it but I know what I saw with my own eyes! There is NO way it was a helicopter, satellite, plane, weather balloon, chinese lantern, nothing like that! I've also seen swamp gas and the northern lights before, and it was neither of those!
