{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5288510.json","updb_database_id":5288510}
Reddish light over East Texas

We've got an object that appears every night around the same time, hovering stationary but moves in several directions at short distances and always returns back to its original location. It appears to blend in with the star light, staying stationary for several minutes before it starts to move. It changes colors, but it seems to have a blinking strobe light. It will stay there for several hours before it eventually moves below the tree line. It cannot be a drone since no drone can hover that high in the sky, nor can it hover for more than 3 hours. It seems to be in orbit with the earth and stays equilaterally distant with the moon as well. When looking at it through my telescope, it actually orbits about the same speed as the moon's orbital speed, almost as if it were pacing it.
This object has appeared every night for several years and we cannot figure out what the hell it is. I called Barksdale AFB in Bossier City, LA, and they hung up on me every time. I must sound like a loon, but I'm telling you it's real. I had my wife witness it for several nights, as I also had an old Army buddy visit me from Oregon, and he witnessed it as well.
Whatever it is, it's not going away anytime soon. The first time I noticed it was in 2019 August. It also had a secondary object cross its path as if it were a shooting star, but it travelled much slower. It was also much fainter.
Video was taken using a Cannon DSLR Rebel Ti3 hooked to a Celestron PowerSeeker 80mm f/11 EQ Refractor Telescope. The video shows the object moving up to the left but in reality, it is actually moving down and to the right behind the tree line. The setup did not move at all, so the object did move back and forth a little in that particular shot as it was moving along its apparent orbital path.
