{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5523510.json","updb_database_id":5523510}
starlike object just off the coast then shot almost straight up like a missile.

I live just north of downtown St. Augustine Florida, approx. a quarter mile inland (west) of the inter-coastal waterway. Roughly the same distance to the northeast, lies the southern tip of St. Augustine Airport's runway, so I'm well familiar with all the aircraft in the area, and I also carry an interest in aviation in general. I'm used to seeing the private jets taking off to the east-southeast, the tourist helicopters flying in overhead to land an refuel, the high flying passenger liners heading north/south (or vice versa) on their way to and from Jacksonville, and I've even witnessed more than a handful of satellites circling the earth, just before daylight in the morning and after dusk at night. But then this morning, approximately 5:00 AM, I finally saw something I can't explain away as normal. 

I initially spotted the object and wrote it off for a moment as a bright morning star. It sat stationary, due east, at about 20 degrees above the horizon. I know that just to the east-southeast lies the Vilano Bridge, so I'm not sure if it was over land or water, but i would estimate that the craft was again due east, at roughly a mile to a mile and a half's distance, possibly two.

The reason that I recognized the vessel was indeed much closer than a low hanging star, is because my eye was again drawn to it by a brief pulse or flash of light, (almost like a tomahawk cruise missile had been fired - only silently) as it began immediately ascending near vertically, leaving a trail nearly identical to that of a falling star, only on the incline, rather than the decline. It's ascent, again near vertically, was toward the west-northwest, and it flew just behind the fingertip of a cloud (as a rain front was preparing to move through) then I finally lost sight of it behind a tree, a big cloud, and the corner of the roof of my porch. While it's entire ascent was quick (taking 2-3 seconds) its rate if climb wasn't instantaneous, and the object seemed to accelerate throughout its journey.

So the blueish-purple tail was the most prominent feature, but just above this remained the whitish light that I had originally mistaken as a star, and atop this, (mind you the craft seemed a bit blurred together by the bright white light) looked to be what i could best describe as half a bubble. The outside edges of the bubble were white like the light, but the middle was the same dull midnight blue as the sky.
