{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5489510.json","updb_database_id":5489510}
{dr}Acute Triangular Metallic Object

The day after the Perseid meteor shower my Dad and myself were outside as we usually are for a "cigarette break" (I don't smoke, but my Dad does). Thinking back about our rather sad experience with the meteor shower (Lacking in a real meteor shower show) I decided I would try look around and perhaps catch a lucky glimpse of a stay meteor. So I left the back porch to get a better view (We have a partial cover over the back porch). Unfortunately nothing happened as my Dad listened to the radio and puffed away on his cigarette. It wasn't until I walked back to the stairs of the porch and looked up that I caught sight of the object in the distance. Its hard for me to describe what exactly I saw happen. The object seemingly was still when I first glances up, then nearly instantly zipped across about one forth of the visible sky in a southern motion before disappearing leaving only the blue white trail that faded quickly there after. The object looked sort of like a a bright metallic acute triangle except the rear of the craft was convex like a half moon and it like it had some sort of ridge near the center of the object. I tried to replicate a very crude drawing of what I saw in MS Paint. It wasn't the speed or the odd shape of the craft that got my attention so much as what it left behind when it "moved". It left a bright trail that was white near the center/core and faded light blue toward the edges which seemed really sharp or crisp. The actual trail was maybe 30% wider than the object itself and took around 10 seconds or so to dissipate. After I saw the object I yelled over to my Dad who was still on the porch to look up (The porch is partially covered with slats) at the sky. By the time he looked up there really wasn't much to see except for he "may" have seen the light left behind from the object. 

I selected to be anonymous to help protect my identity online. However, if you need to contact me I can be reached by phone. Thank you.
