{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-02 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5482510.json","updb_database_id":5482510}
{nd} While fishing after the Fairfield fireworks ended it noticed a white craft moving very slowly at low altitude over Black Rock Harbor.

July 2 2016 10:30-11:00pm
SS Norden Club Bridgeport Connecticut
The Fairfield fireworks had ended. The crowd was thinning out. The boats had all come back in. It was time for me to go fishing. I live on Long Island Sound. I fish every night from April to January. If it happens in the night sky I see it! Every moon. Every meteor shower. Every fireworks display. I was sitting at my usual spot facing the water. Two friends were standing up facing me with their backs to the water. I looked up to engage one friend in conversation. Over her left shoulder I saw a rather large slow moving oval shaped craft. It was illuminated white. It was blurred because it was flying in low cloud cover or possibly smoke hanging in the air from the fireworks. I watched it for about 10 seconds before it faded away into the cloud or smoke. It travelled slow and would have been following the shoreline heading south. As I'm watching this thing I'm going through the Rolodex in my brain sorting through memories and experiences and what I know already. Airplanes and helicopters have clear projected lights as well as red blinking lights. They also create sound. This was illuminated white and silent. I even thought of someone shining a spotlight into the sky. But the light would reflect off the cloud or smoke. None of that either. I've been here 25 years and no plane or helicopter has ever flown this bearing barring search and rescue. There was no search and rescue that night. I eliminated everything I thought it could be based on my experiences. What I am left with is actually a white walnut shaped slow and low moving craft over the shoreline of Black Rock Harbor. Has anyone else reported this?
