{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-14 13:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451510","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/510/mufon-5451510.json","updb_database_id":5451510}
Glowing pill

I went outside at exactly 1:00 am on the morning of July 14, 2020 to stargaze. 
I had previously been doing so and returned inside for a drink of water and a few minutes to sit down. 
After returning outside after a couple minutes something caught my eye to the west of my home.
I noticed what appeared to be a glowing white pill-shaped objected hovering approximately 50 feet above a group of trees to my west. The object was approximately 1 mile to my west when first observed it. 
When I noticed it the object it immediately started to rise and simultaneously turn end on end 360 degrees. The end furthest from me turned toward me to begin the rotation as it started to rise. It rose very slowly and gained altitude moving in my direction toward the east.
I estimate the object gained 1500 feet in altitude in 30 seconds. It was a very slow and graceful rise. Once it reached 1500 feet in altitude and an inclination of around 80 degrees the craft stopped and hovered. This is when I realized it was a solid object. At this moment I took out my smartphone and took a photo. 
I noticed the bottom was glowing a dull, but strong white almost like phosphorous. The bottom center glowing brighter and as the light went further out toward the edges it faded. The sides and top of the craft were a very dull white, but the object appeared white as well.
The bottom was flat and the sides were rounded with a slight indentation on either of the long sides, while the ends at raised areas. I noticed three small openings on either end of the object in these raised areas. I would describe these as portholes or vents. They were very black and not showing any light. You can somewhat see them in the photo I attached. 
The craft hovered for approximately 5 to 10 seconds. I took the photo a few seconds after the craft stopped. I reached up to my phone, which I was holding above my head to turn on video and get more photos. This is when the craft brightened slightly on the bottom and shot directly to the north while maintaining the 1500 foot altitude. 
I lost sight of the craft in a couple seconds. The speed was tremendous as it left (much faster than any jet or aircraft I have ever seen). 
The craft made absolutely no noise.
I looked at my phone a few seconds after the craft shot away and the time was 1:05 AM.
