{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-10 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5490524.json","updb_database_id":5490524}
{nd} 5-8 orbs disappeared/re-appeared over the mountains in the NNW sky.

My friend and I were hanging out in my backyard during the summer. It was mid day afternoon, but the sun was still high in the sky. I can't remember who noticed them first, but we saw 5-8 orbs in the NNW sky over the mountains. I ran inside and told my cousin to come to see them. To her dismay, she also confirmed the sighting. We teased her a lot back then, so she thought we were messing around, but she did see them for herself. The orbs were star like in size and appearance, however it seemed odd because it was a sunny near cloudless day in the middle of the afternoon, and we could see them very clearly. The orbs ranged in color from red to orange, green, blue, and white. I might add; this location in which my parents still reside is about 5 miles or less south of the Rocky Flats Nuclear Weapons Production Facility. These orbs, though seemingly high in altitude appeared to be hovering either directly over the facility, or just to the west of it over the mountains. The facility is right against the foothills, so it was hard to tell. The orbs were arranged in a circular, star, or octagonal pattern. They would stay in formation for 15-45 seconds, then all would come together to a focal point, then disappear. They would re-appear within 5-10 degrees of the previous location, again in a circular or octagonal pattern and repeated this over the next 15-30 minutes. Eventually they stopped re-appearing one by one until they were all gone. I have heard stories of similar sighting, so even after all this time I wanted to share this, because it is one of the most vivid memories I have as a young man. My friend and I still talk about it to this day. My cousin moved away, but I'm sure she would be willing to corroborate this sighting. We were all very perplexed, and didn't know what to think about it. I think we partly didn't really talk a lot abut it back then because the 90's still held a negative stigma about UFO sightings. But after hearing stories of other sightings, I am confident we witnessed and extra terrestrial, extra dimensional, or government black ops event. That is just speculation, however before or since that day, I have never seen stars so bright in the middle of the day, nor have I seen them arrange themselves in a pattern, then disappear, and re-appear repeatedly. Thank you MUFON for everything you do. We will find out eventually!
