{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-22 21:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5489524.json","updb_database_id":5489524}
{dr}REALLY NEAT SCARY STUFF

Summer of 1987 S. TEXAS around Alomo movie set as extra. Went to small town 8 miles away to cash check on foot at 10:30 am, took a short cut from bending dirt road to the only straight paved high way to town. My dierections of sun were right. Came to a dirt road for cars that would take me strait to highway then I felt tired? Then I noticed I was on a single track trail made by animals, stop looked back to see single track as far as I could see and said to myself , this does not make sense and looked at suns color spectrum that told me that it was late after noon. I was lost. I went to high ground then I saw a spec light that showed me were town was and could see high way. I was on the wrong side of highway? then found a path to road and ended up in town at sun set. I was 17 years old and vary healthy back in 87. Lost time and space and tired. 
 Summer of 1988,Phx. Glendale sat. 8:55 pm I received a call from a friend girl known as alien child and convenced me to come over to her party and to hurry that the party had started. So I left at 9 o'clock ,speed walked 1 and half miles to her place. Then I got there and there was no party. She pulled me in the house real fast and said she changed her mind about party. Well I want a beer ! Then she took me refrigerator and I pulled out a cold beer, open it and took a drink. It was cold and fizzy. She rushed me to the back yard and on the way there was a microwave oven that had the time on it,9:34 pm. it read and then I said to my self, thats good time and the right time. Once out back she told me to lean back on wall like she did , then I sat my cold beer down on a plastic table in front of me as we shared a smoke and she said her dad had put up this flood lamp there as I look straight at it real fast then I noted that smoke was done after 2 puffs? Then she was rushing me back into house. I grab my beer and it was hot and dry then I took a drink, it was hot and flat as if it had been over an hour. Well it only was about the most 4 minutes that I got the beer. I looked at table for condenstion water then bent down to see if water was on cement, then something pitched me in pocket, I reach in pocket to find 2 red limestone type rocks, then looked at her and said were did these come from that I do not put rocks in pocket. She said I do not know now hurry in house. I had thrown rocks in yard then went in house and looked at clock, 10:57 pm. It should be 9:41 pm. ? I felt tired and she sang a song and had me leave. 10 years later I saw 3 saucers around 9:55 pm. as I was bike riding Cavecreek rage on strang night that there was no air traffic. Observed 1 up close and fuctions . One fuction was counter clockwise 4 main lights speeding up at stationary hover ,wobble and shruck down into a Nutron ,gone! then few seconds later a spec of light that grew slowly back to its full size.   Well I did not think about it untill the next night then started to draw and figure out how something would work like so then time went on and all these memorys flooded in that explans the night of 88. Foward time travel speed of light and allusions. The future is NUKED! 

the future is NUKED to the end of time n space
