{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-02-05 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5459524.json","updb_database_id":5459524}
{tjd} Beam of light

When I was 21 years old was on La Selva beach after sunset with 3 friends. We rolled up our pants to run through the water. It was dinner time so started back to the parking lot walking through thick sand. About half way there was a beam of light at the back of the beach in front of the cliff.As there was no electricity on the beach didn't understand how it could be there. It was a large beam which didn't spread light onto the surrending area. The two men in the group wanted to run to the base of the beam to see who was there but I was very frightened and grabbed their arms and told them not to. Many years later I was telling a counselor about the experience and he asked me what happened next. For the first time I realized that there was missing time. We were all waking up at the same time just standing in a row so very relaxed. I was not ready to move yet but one in our group broke the mood by saying loudly that we should go. The light was gone with no memory of it going. Mulling it over in my later life, I wonder what happened during that missing time. . I don't know how much time passed but when I arrived at my parent's house my mother told me that I was late and had missed dinner. I recently read The Alien Files by Marden and Stoner. I was shocked to read the symptoms that sometimes happen after contact. I don't know that I was abducted but it would explain my chronic fatigue syndrome which disabled me over 20 years ago. I have other problems as well that would fit in with expriencers. I am presently looking through my memories for other evidence. I found the date listed here in a book. It is called UFO'S over California by Preston Dennett. My sister recalled that time because it was in our local paper that a local man had contact with aliens and that the Mayor of Monterey had seen a ufo over the waters of Monterey Bay. That paper is called the Register Pajarian.
