{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5525524.json","updb_database_id":5525524}
Bright orange orb like object was viewed in the sky, no noise, hovered, changed direction then moved on

On July 14, 2011 at 10:00 PM I was in bed when I heard next door neighbor yelling to her father about something in the sky was on fire. Very serious tone in her voice. I got up and went to the back guest room window, looked out but did not see anything. I Could hear the neighbor saying to her father , to the right, look to the right. I then looked to the right still did not see anything.

Kept looking and then saw a large orange oval/orb like object moving from east to west comming towards my position. I could see it through the tree branches, and it eventually was able to be seen in full view. The object was large orange oval/orb like in structure. The color was extreamly bright/vibrant. The object moved very slowly, no sound could be heard. I estimate it was about as high as a hillicopter would fly, but lower than commercial planes would fly. I remember planes flying at a higher altitude. 

The object moved in a northwesterly direction, then stopped. It then reversed direction, and hovered for a few seconds and then headed northward in a slow manner. My vision was then obscurred by the trees.I went to get my wife to have her see it as well, but when we both got back, the object was no longer there.

I have never seen anything like this before, it manuvered unlike any conventional craft I have seen. It was not a hot air baloon or any home made prank, it was real. As I viewed the object, I kept thinking this is strange very unusual, I was a little firghtened, but needed to view the object as I probably not see anything like this for the rest of my life. My wife said when I came into the room to get her, that I was all keyed up/emotional. She knew I had seen something strange. 

Thinking back after the sighting, I believe what I saw was a UFO. I'm glad I had the opportunity to witness this object. I'm suprised ther have been no reports or mention of this occurrance.
