{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-01-23 19:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5505524.json","updb_database_id":5505524}
Saw meteor coming in almost vertically.Thought nothing of it. Approx. 5 Minutes later the Object left, as fast as it Came.

I was Traveling From Fort Vermilion AB to Edmonton AB Canada on HWY.35
on the end of January of 1978 and a temperature of -35celsius. The Year is vivid because I had received my Night Endorsement on my Pilots license a few weeks before.I was driving my farm truck at the time. About 2HRS into the trip,on a remote streach of road between Keg River and
Manning and between 7PM & 8Pm.( The time is correct because I was listening
to the first period of a Peace River/Grimshaw hockey Game).. I saw a Meteor come in at an almost vertical
angle right in front of my vision. I didn,t think to much of it but remember thinking that it must have struck ground as it appeared to have done just that. The night was Clear with a full moon reflecting off the snow.Just a great night to travel. Anyway I was on a long straight stretch of road leading to what is called the 100 mile hill. As I neared the hill 
a bright light left on an almost vertical trajectory upwards and with the same speed that I had seen the perceived meteor fall 3 to 5 minutes earlier. 
Holy Crap....NO Way... No Damn Way...I,m Seeing things here...
No this happened....Not a chance...WHOA....I,m Alone...What happened here stays here...Not gunna be the butt of ridicule...Never mentioned a thing since to anyone..I am now 65 yrs old..
Dave

About 10 yrs. later while playing cards with an older couple(They were in their 80,s),and I,m not sure how the subject came up,but they told of
how in the middle 50,s a circular craft landed in a field beside them
while on a trip to Spirit River ALberta Canada.( This happened close to a town called Whitelaw)The lights of their car and the motor shut off until
the craft left. They obviously were very shaken at the time.They told only 
their daughters and a son of the incedent. And then my wife and I at the card game.Being well respected members and business people of Peace River
AB they told only a select few. Of course we enjoyed the good natured 
banter about who was smoking what, but the overall message was very serious.
I thought back to my encounter, and said to myself that was a reality
even though I stored it on the back burner.I have still not mentioned this 
to anyone.
With the new technologies of today and the vastness of new found worlds,
there is no daught in my mind that we are no where near being alone.
I am so happy to make peace with that fact to myself this many years later.
[Name removed/cms/tg]
