{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5473524.json","updb_database_id":5473524}
5-6 boys about 9 yrs old. light behaving wildly decending then woke up later.

5 or 6 boys about 9 years old. Selma park b.c. Canada. aug 1965 between 2200 hrs and 0200 hrs. unsure exact date or time its been around 52 yrs. we were sleeping out in an open field down near breakwater. we were watching the sky to see if we could see "shooting stars" possible we were looking at perseid showers. we also were looking for satellites, a fairly new phenomenon at that time.  we noticed this bright light that suddenly appeared in NW part of the sky approx. 10 oclock with overhead being 12 oclock. We noticed it because it was much brighter than the surrounding stars/planets. It appeared to be hovering then zipped across the sky towards us then turned at what appeared to be a right angle at a very high rate of speed towards the west. it then stopped and hovered although it appeared to be decending. we were all discussing what this might be, the only thing we agreed on was we had never seen anything move like that. the object then started moving from west to north then seemed to spiral moving quite quickly and seemed like it was moving towards us. I remember being fascinated, then one of my friends said its coming down. I remember it sounded like he was terrified. no one else spoke, then the next thing I know the sun wakes me up around 0900 hrs. we all appeared to wake at the same time. normally we would be awake before first light. I woke up feeling like I had just got over the flu. I was very groggy normally I wake up instantly. I remembered the light and said hey you guys remember that light last night. that was weird, none of them would look at me. no one said anything they stopped and stared at the ground. I said no don't you remember that light we all saw it. they all denied that it happened and they all went home and it was never talked about again. my friends later would deny we ever even slept out that night. its possible ive had other incidences I believe they may be buried deep.
