{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-16 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5288524.json","updb_database_id":5288524}
for the past 4 nights at approximately 8:15-8:20 PM I have seen various flying objects for a few seconds and then it disappears.

Over the past 4 nights and at the same time each evening I have witnessed UFOs of varying degrees. I live in (removed location to Investigators report section/cms/LLL), San Diego in a high rise on the 28th floor. On Friday April 16th I saw a triangle shaped object span the sky in under 3 seconds. The following night and at the same time I saw a different triangle shaped object. It literally appeared from thin air and then proceeded to hover past my building until it was out of view. It was going much slower this time and it allowed me to study it more closely. It had 3 lights and very much looked like the Black Triangle UFO that the Pentagon recently released video of near here in San Diego. The third night and again at the same time I witnessed an object that seemed to pass me but was eerily different than the previous objects and actually seemed to change the air so to speak. It's hard to describe but it almost seemed to be closer to me than the previous objects and I had a very odd feeling as the phenomenon was happening. Finally tonight, my wife and her mother were here to witness what I was able to predict by pointing them in the right direction and again at the same time. This time it was the hovering type of triangle but instead of 3 lights it had 6 maybe more. I can prove it to you if you'd like to witness it for yourself and if the pattern holds. I've tried to record it the past two times but each time it didn't work. After seeing it so many times in a row I can't help but think I'm actually witnessing another dimension or time. As if I'm peering into the future or past for just a few seconds and then just like that it's gone. I'm not a scientist but I know that what I am witnessing is extraordinary and the fact that it can be traced to a location and exact time is unbelievable but it is incredibly true!
