{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290524","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/524/mufon-5290524.json","updb_database_id":5290524}
I observed a V Shaped craft with 5 very dim light globes below the craft.

Between 9pm and 10pm (don't know exact time) in May 2019, I was sitting out on my apartment balcony on the second floor. My balcony faces north. I was relaxing after working out. I looked up on the sky because it was a calm night. Not many clouds. I saw something that first looked like a large bird at the corner of my eye. Then I started to focus on it more an realized it was not a bird. It was a V shaped object moving from NE to SW right over my apartment complex. Maybe Between 500 to 1000 ft above me. I have been to many air shows in Millington TN with my son. I have seen a B2 stealth bomber. This was around that size but made no noise at all. The B2 you can't hear when it comes but can hear it when it passes. 
 This V shaped object made no noise at all. It was moving slow because it took it a minute to pass out of my view. It had one globe light at the front and two globe lights under each wing. 5 in all and they were barely lit at all. But they were lit enough that I could spot this object and see the shape of it very well. I looked online after I described what I saw on google search and other people have seen this thing. It is called a TR something. I had enough time to figure out what it is in the sky and pick up my Iphone to record it. I had it show up on my phone on my screen. I hit the record button. After it got out of view, I went to check my phone and it stopped recording. I never got it recorded but I know for sure I hit the record button. I have not said anything until now. I have told 5 of my closest friends and that is it. I believe this thing is military. Just my theory. Very cool and I will attach a picture I found from what your CGI rendition of what other people have seen. I saw exactly what is in picture I have attached. No doubt. Thank for your time.
