{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5289940.json","updb_database_id":5289940}
Seen through thermal rifle scope. Large circles moving as if vibrating. Very hot, but no marks on outside

My father is a very avid wild hog hunter. He owns a night vision scope and a thermal scope. He excitedly showed me the thermal in our backyard roughly around midnight. He told me that you can see planes. All you had to do was look up and find the vapor behind them. They’re at the front of the vapor. So I look around and I clearly see a bird, most likely a vulture, very high in the air. But clearly a large bird. I see a vapor trail so I follow it to the plane. The plane was definitely at max altitude. But no doubt it was a plane. (There is Texarkana airport about 6 miles away so I expected this). I continued to look in the sky, and directly over me I saw 3 circles. I immediately thought I knew what I saw, but I didn’t want to jump to conclusions. So I looked up with my eyes. Didn’t see anything. No sound. Nothing. The three objects were three different sizes, all in a triangle. They had to be large. I would say they were about half, maybe less than half of the distance of the plane. But I could only see it through the thermal. I gave the gun to my dad and he saw it. I ran inside and grabbed my girlfriend and told her “you won’t believe me when I tell you this, so you just have to see it for yourself”. After giving her the rifle, she looked around for a few seconds and says “oh my god”. She saw the same thing my father and I saw. But she said they were moving. They wiggled around when I saw them, but they didn’t move like she described. She said that they were moving in an organized manner, making the triangle rotate and move around. I looked through the scope after she had it, and she was right. But as soon as I looked for about 10 seconds, they went back to wiggling. It was almost as if they had seen the light from the thermal, and came to look. After diving into this, I have not seen another thermal encounter, other than the video of the navy pilot. Which gave me even more reason to believe this was the same situation, just with a commercial thermal
