{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5527940.json","updb_database_id":5527940}
Big Black Blimp

I was chilling with a friend actually talking about UFO's when out of the corner of my eye I notice a very large object moving very slowly maybe 200 feet off the ground just cruising over Walnut, which is one of the main roads that runs through Rogers. My friend is a non believer and upon seeing this turned and went inside and refused to come out until it was gone. I was at a loss because I know what it resembled but it was dark and I could not make out the edges clearly because the color was either black or reflective and it reflected the night sky giving it a black appearance. But I could tell that it was triangular in shape because I saw its rear and it had four huge lights that glowed orange kind of like a jet turban. I had seen pictures of an aircraft that is rather large known as the stealth blimp. At the same time though this craft was a good deal larger than the descriptions I have read about the stealth blimp but I do not dismiss the idea that it was not. The object moved slow enough to be a blimp and seemed to be just cruising. I watched it for about three to four minutes when I lost site of it due to obstructions in town. It appeared to be as large as a super center parking lot and maybe four stories in height. my feelings on the subject was and still is indifferent, I know what I saw but I could not say with out conviction that it was absolutely not of this world. I had no camera except for my telephone and it was useless at night. my only witness to the event refused to stay and witness it. I know not if it was observed by anyone else but I did see a couple of car that was diving down walnut continue driving like nothing was there and passed right underneath it. this was also a way to get a reference of its size. When the whole craft came into view and a car drove under it at the speed limit of 35 mph it too a couple of seconds to be clear of it, I counted 2 and almost 3 seconds and at 52 feet a second I gathered it to be approximately 300 feet long give or take a few.
