{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-07-04 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5486940.json","updb_database_id":5486940}
{rjl} Observed glowing green orb moving along horizon, disappearing behind point of land and reappearing behind

It was the 4th of July. A friend and I had attended the festivities earlier in the evening. We were sitting in a small cove at around 10-11 pm watching the plankten sparkling in the ocean. On the horizon opposite us, just above a large peninsula that reaches out into the ocean, we saw a glowing green orb which appeared to our left (north) and slowly traveled to the right (south) along the tree line. At first we thought it might have something to do with the 4th of July fireworks, but it was soon clear that it wasn't. It took quite a while to travel the length of the peninsula, and then it disappeared behind the right hand edge of our little cove. So it's journey formed the right half of a large U. We both heard or sensed something - can't remember exactly - and looked behind us, and there was the orb, pulsating just above the tops of the dense trees, maybe 20 ft away - more or less - it was hard to tell. We simultaneously heard a sight splashing sound and saw a large, white raccoon emerging from the water, headed right for us. In the moonlight, with the water dripping off of it and the plankten sparkling, it was a beautiful sight. ALso scary - to me, anyway. My friend reached out her hand and said, "Hello little raccoon", and at the same time I grabbed her wrist, yanked her up and we made a dash for the cabin we were staying in, which was close by. Something about that raccoon's purposeful march toward us didn't feel right. We stayed on the cabin's porch for a while before going back outside. The green orb and the raccoon were both gone. We never made an effort to look for the area over which it had hovered. Keep in mind this was in Maine, in a sparsely populated coastal area, and most of it was covered in dense woods.

I have NEVER forgotten this experience. I have since lost touch with my friend, who - as far as I know - was the only other person to see it. I am convinced that this was paranormal. The whole thing - even the air - felt charged with some kind of unfamiliar energy.

The map I am attaching (or trying to!) shows the area. We were just a bit north of where the "d" is in "Rd", opposite the little peninsula that juts out just to the east.
