{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-02 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5457940.json","updb_database_id":5457940}
{rjl} 2 Objects that I would love to know what they were

I was on vacation in 2014 in Beach Haven NJ. I was sitting on the deck of our rental house on Ocean Blvd. There were a few of the regular things far out into the ocean ( Container Ships waiting for the ports, etc ) but they were miles out. It was a perfectly clear night with about a 1/4 moon. As I was looking south, I saw something(s) in the water.not far offshore, what seemed to be maybe less than a mile. It seemed to get closer and I could see some very dim lights. ( I was thinking, where the hell did that fishing boat come from, since my view of the beach goes on for miles ). Fairly soon, it began to get closer and I'm still thinking it was a fishing boat.. Next thing I know, I had to rub my eyes because it looked like the "Fishing Boat) was above the water. well, the object(s) kept getting closer (Traveling from the South east to the North and North East, and I could see that they were in "The Air" so now I'm thinking crazy para-gliders that we see all day are flying at night.. But soon enough I notice that whatever they are, are giant. I took out my phone because I could not believe my eyes and I tried to record. But I could see after a few seconds that the video would be very dark. I switched to the camera option and started to take pictures. ( Note, this was high tech at the time, but still a crappy I-Phone 4. Maybe I should have put on the flash, but I was too awestruck watching to figure it out. As the objects got closer, I could clearly see 2 distinct objects. One object went directly over our house in a NW heading while the 2nd Object headed almost directly North along the beach, still maybe a hundred yards off shore. I'm fairly good at judging size, and these things were probably as big as a commercial airplane each one had what looked to be 3 rows of lights running from front to back on the underside. and they were completely silent ! They proceeded to head NE and N until I could no longer see them over the house, at which time I ran down to Ocean Blvd where I could see them seemingly speed up until they were out of sight. The next day I bought all of the local newspapers hoping someone else had seen them. Nothing. But Like I said, It was probably 2-3 in the morning. At the time, I figured I would not act like a freeaking crazy person and alert the media because my only evidence was crap pictures from an I-Phone 4. I talked about it to my friends and family, as a a freaking crazy siting and mostly forgot about it except when stories of "LBI" as we call it come up. The reason I am contacting "You" is because I recently found that phone in my junk drawer and remembered the video was on that phone. I figured I could try to use "some Program" to enhance the video, but that is not my specialty. I would gladly send the phone to you with the unedited pictures and video and maybe you can do something with it. I would really like to know if what I was, are actual UFO's or just some damn man made thing I never heard of. Note, I'm a bit of an air craft enthusiast and I have never seen anything like this. My only guess if not UFO's would be some kind of "Blimp" but even blimps have motors that make some sound. These had NONE
