{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-03 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5513940.json","updb_database_id":5513940}
{cak} large-ish craft darting back and forth like a gnat with mulit lights

I was driving across Big Rock Mountain, into Hurley VA. I noticed something bright in the sky of fairly large purportions. Probably the biggest thing ive ever seen in the sky. It darted back and forth like a gnat. Gained altitude, lost it, gained it, darted back and forth some more. All the while it was flashing colors, orange, purple, blue, bight white and yellowish. The lights flashed in a sequence for the first few trips across the sky, and then all the lights came on and pulsated. Then they went back to the sequence, except it was in a different pattern like it was random. Im still looking at it right now, but its higher in the sky. Its been an hour, and its still there darting back and forth. Just a few feet in either direction at a time. I really don't know what shape it is, even though ive been looking at it for awhile, at first I thought it was round. But now its in a sort of chevron shape, I cant tell if its just the lights or the actual body shape. Im kind of freaked out by it, ive never been a believer of stuff like this no offense to any one out there, but its never been something I put much stock in. Until lately, there was a sighting including pictures in our local paper and video on the news and youtube. Since then ive seen a few things, this being by far the strongest, and longest lasting. I cant easily write this off as a airplane, helicopter, jet, or weather balloon. Ive attempted to video it but unfortunately I have a crappy video camera or something because I cant even see it in the view finder but I can look up and see it. Ive put the ending time as 1 hr and 16 minutes, but its actually still visible but I wanted to get this in on the map incase anyone else is looking. I don't know if its instant or not its my first time using the site. If its instant on the map, hopefully someone near here can see this thing too!
