{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-15 12:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456940","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/940/mufon-5456940.json","updb_database_id":5456940}
{rjl} 3 white orbs, first on a path to others that blipped into existence created a triangular formation too detached and disappeared the 3rd ended disappea

My name is [name removed/cms/rjl]. I witnessed the most jaw-dropping, life-changing, mind blowing UFO encounter I could have ever imagined in my life. I live currently in Deerfield Beach Florida but this happened to me when I was living in Colorado 2 years ago working as a cannabis cultivator. My experience started with me arriving at work an hour early and spending the morning outside on a clear cloudless day, I started looking up into the sky as I frequently love to look for the presence of God in the sky. I noticed there were a couple of commercial air liners flying by when out of nowhere I saw a bright glimmering orb pulling a slow Crescent like turn. When it reached the end of the Crescent like turn the orb immediately stopped and stayed in place for a few seconds it then Rose straight up into the sky which is how I knew I was beginning my sighting. It immediately stopped after it Rose into the sky and stayed in place. It started shifting from left to right, stopping and then shifting left to right. Then it stopped and started shifting up and down in a similar pattern to the left and the right. Then at a higher altitude and to the right of the first orb another orb blioped into existence as the first orb was shifting left to right again. The second orb seemed to come to in orbit around the first orb. Both orbs almost became a singular entity one at one end and the second orb at the 2nd end like a invisible stick with the ends lit only by the two orbs. In unison they orbited around each other travelling from left to right almost as though they were a singular entity with the ends lit up by the 2 orbs. It did this for about 15 seconds when a third orb magically appeared out of nowhere at an even higher altitude than the two. The third orb then descended to the same altitude of the other two as they were rotating and seemed to join the other two making a triangular figure, all three rotating in unison of each other staying in a triangular figure. They rotated around each other for a period of about 15 to 20 seconds when one orb detached from the other two, traveled across the sky to the right of the two orbs which were now the invisible stick with the ends lit, then Rose back into the sky and literally disappeared into the Clear Blue Sky. The two orbs that were rotating around each other in the stick formation then detached with the same exact maneuver where one departed from the two, traveled away from the one that was moving now singularly left to right, Rose into the sky and seemingly disappeared. The last of the three orbs kept traveling from left to right when it stopped in place, slowly Rose to the sky and then seemingly disappeared just like the other two. I was so awestruck and in shock the moment that I realized that it was my first UFO sighting that I didn't even think to take my camera and film this. I felt that I was stuck in place and couldn't move.I literally was left in the middle of the street shaking knowing that I had seen something that proved to me finally that UFOs and extraterrestrials are real. I had been waiting for this moment my whole life as I truely believe UFOS and extraterrestrials are real and it finally happened to me.This happened to me in front of Medicine man dispensary in Aurora Colorado where I was working as a dispensary tour guide. I happened to be the only one on the entire Street as I was an hour early for work. I still to this day hold this to be one of the top experiences of my entire life. I feel like I need to share this with you and can perfectly draw for you the sequence of events that took place , it all happened in the span of about 2 minutes. I feel like the world needs to hear this finally. 
Thank you. [name removed/cms/rjl]
