{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-21 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5492703.json","updb_database_id":5492703}
{rjl} i had this weird feeling inside me to look up now so looked up and the stars are not normal

i have pics. i think most are nothing but i got a immediate reaction from hafb and was watched by a helicopter for a few. i think the mother ship is right above me as i'm type. the stars in this triangle formation look distorted. looks like tip running light same size as before but a lot higher in sky and does not move. no engine lights. i took many pics. i have no idea why the stars came out red in the pic when their white. only pic that is label is the helicopter that rushed in roaring then stop few miles away seconds after i started taking pics. i've seen this drone many times before. i know for a fact it was not lifeline hospital helie to las cruces or elpaso. i dont think i got anything good on the files but you can try to see if you can pull something out of the image. i think the drone reacted to my camera flash. i can prove bases to this theory to you very easily. also note this is my second case i'm submitting. if you need me to give you the number i can. only contact me if there is something big in the bulk pics. 

i went back outside to observe some more at 1:30a.m. still no movement. drone long gone now. but i'm notice something else. like i said stars dont look normal tonight. most times i see orion's belt in this area. instead i see the same triangle pattern taken place in 5 location at different altitude. 

yes there is a lot of dust in the air noticeable on the mountains and we do have clouds in the area. i'm trying to rationalise that everything is normal but none of it is adding up that way to me. i think there are 5 mother ships park right above our county. and all stars are distorted in the triangle "running lights". no engine light. but heavy blinking in random spots. by the naked eye i dont know if my eyes are playing tricks on me if i see outline silhouettes.

i believe my camera time is off from my computer so you know. unless i really just lost 20min. photo labeled helicopter i think is the one. i know there is a photo were i turned flash off and pecan trees should show up on the bottom in the last 3 shoots. all other photos are only sky. i played with the zoom button to see if i could see anything. the helicopter came out looking like a galaxy on my computer.

there are two more photos. i made sure the group of photos were the helie should be in were added. like i said if you find something that you need to get me on the phone about pull up my first case file. other wise i'm sure i was only messing with hafb with my camera flash and they sent their huver drone.

end time 2:18a.m.
