{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5785,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5493703.json","updb_database_id":5493703}
{dr}Witnessed 9 ufos from the south heading north and then some dissappeared and then a few would show up from no where and they all changed direction and did not pass over me as I was facing south.

I was walking with my son towards my house (going west). We stopped on about 113/114 Madison ave to wait for the crossing light to change. I looked up to the south along the manhattan grid line straight down Madison ave and saw 9 lights. I immediately thought that they were military helipcopters by the way they were moving. I looked away and then looked again and saw they were slowly moving north. I snapped the first picture. They appeared orange. I kept looking and asking my son if he saw them as well and he stated that he did (he's 5 years old and knows the difference between moon and stars etc. I snapped the second picture and saw there were now 6 ufos. I kept thinking they must be helicopters. And noticed that one of them were. That one wasn't the same orange as the others and I saw it's flashing lights. Then that helicopter did not pass over me, it just disappeared! Then the third picture shows six lights (all of them being the same color and having the same motions. The fourth picture shows only four, the others had vanished as well. The fifth picture is blurry and you could see the moon being the brightist light with a planet/star about 45 degrees to the moons north east. A blurry spot to the top left of this picture was a dust particle on my camera (iPhone 5s) and below that are 3/4 ufos. The sixth picture I find most interesting as you can see the moon and the planet again to the right half of the picture and on the left you'll see five objects (one even larger or perhaps closer to the earths surface than the others. This larger object appears (when zoomed in on) to have its own two lights to its left side! In the seventh and eighth pictures I tried to zoom with my camera to take these pictures while focusing on one object (the only one that was there in the sky at this moment). The sky was extremely clear. The sun had jus set if not completely set. None of the objects appeared to fly over me even though they were heading north. In this instance I took my son and walked south towards where the objects were appearing to follow them. I had a thought that they might be Chinese lanterns but they appeared to be very large ( maybe the size of an average car) but all of them had switched directions as I noticed there was no wind or sound or even a rumbling! No other persons in my vacinity had looked up at these objects and I was tempted to ask random people if they saw what me and my son were seeing. As we walked south to 112th street, still on Madison ave, I noticed that one had switched direction and heading due west. As we walked slowly following the objects, I took pictures nine and ten which have three lights in each that formed nearly a perfect triangle but each picture varied in the direction that each triangle was pointing. I crossed Madison Avenue, nearing 112th street, when I snapped the final picture (eleven not able to include due to the site) and saw the object going west and then we lost sight of it as if it had completely vanished! I have no idea what these may be but I used the process of illumination as I watched them; they're not helicopters, definitely not planes and they can't be balloons because they produced their own lights and had controlled direction. This isn't my first personal experience with potential ufos. A couple years ago, I'm not sure when but it was around the same time of year but at about 12:30 am, I had crossed Madison ave at 115th street. There were no cars as I looked southward down Madison Avenue. The sky was clear and very dark, a slight breeze, I looked directly above the south horizon and saw a light. It was whitish with a slight blue color to it. I stopped when I crossed Madison and stared at it. It slowly moved directly north for about 15 seconds and then as it approached almost directly above me, it shifted east and disappeared over one of the buildings. I got to snap a picture of it and I believe I may still have it on my old ce phone. But this experience yesterday was a major surprise for me.
