{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-05-31 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3388,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5456703.json","updb_database_id":5456703}
{rjl} Huge, rectangular, 6 huge “fire ball” in color, set on the bottom like 6 pack of soda

Approximately 9 PM I was outside listening to my headphones like I always do… We’re off to the east, I noticed that something was lighting up the ground in an orange/yellow-ish/reddish/Rusty bright light. I looked down the street to see if the car was coming but there wasn’t so I looked directly up from the east and noticed something in the sky… As thiI looked down the street to see if the car was coming but there wasn’t so I looked directly up from the east and noticed something in the sky… As this What must’ve been an enormous craft because it was higher than the feather clouds at the top of the atmosphere if not possibly in space, but was still large enough that what seemed to be to me the propulsion system which were six fireball like circles which emitted the light and were situated in a 2 by 2 by 2 pattern on the bottom. It made no noise. But as massive as it looked, I was amazed I couldn’t hear anything. Even tho it’s altitude was higher in the sky then anything I’ve ever seen, to this day. This was when there were only flip phones, and the cameras they possessed weren’t powerful enough to get a pic. I didn’t want to leave, but I knew that I had to try to get some form of a picture or no one would ever believe me. I raced inside to get a Canon digital camera, and by that time I had allowed it to fly over the house when I ran in and when I came back out I would say in relation to my neighborhood it had already flown to West two about what had to be out past highway 441. I did my best to try to get a video and or a picture but by that time the angle at which it was flying made the right orange lights almost impossible to zoom in on all those still visible with the eye. What are the things that struck me was that When you watch a plane fly overhead and it goes further away in the distance it seems to start going down with the curvature of the earth if you will… But this enormous craft continue to just seem to fly continuously straight until out of sight as I was able to see it from the backside, it had what I guess you were described as appendages that came straight out of the top of this rectangular base that almost resembled what an aircraft carrier would have on it where are they has the flight tower. It was amazing. I guess I would have to describe it in person to really get into more acute detail. I wish I had thought of reporting this to you all sooner. I got the idea while watching a show featuring MUFON. Thanks for your time
