{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-28 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2648,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5291703.json","updb_database_id":5291703}
Observed pulsating hovering light source which abruptly changed direction, altitude and distance

On the 28th of September 2020 I was in my back yard laying on a hammock looking towards the sky at approximately 7:48 p.m.
Just after dusk I observed what appeared to be a satellite traveling from South to to East. Observing this I perceived the flight path to have changed. I was uncertain and believe that just may have been my perception.

At Approximately 7:40 p.m. I observed another light source to the South of my location. This light source was much brighter and at first appeared to be a star. Upon observing further I discovered that the object I was viewing was changing direction.Left to right and up and down. From its central focal point it appeared to move less than an inch however the object was apparently several 1000' or more away. I Observed and recorded a Flashing, pulsating light source that moved abruptly and appeared to alter its distance from my view point as well. Although this appeared to be very far in the the source of light became slightly larger and smaller and respectively brighter and dimmer at times. I continued to record this observation for approximately 4 minutes at times panning in-and-out and down towards my yard for perspective. After videoing I continued to watch the object for approximately 10 more minutes before going inside. After being inside for approximately a 1/2 hour I walked back out to see if the object was still on the horizon at which time it was. Minutes later it completely disappeared from my sight. There was no trailing path or flight path but seemed to just have dimmed. The conditions on the evening of the observation were clear and warm With almost 0 cloud cover.
I have a digital video of the event on my phone which is 2:58 in duration. Upon trying to send the report via my phone I received errors and was unable to. I am unable to attach the video here as the file is too large to E-Mail to my account and attach. The video is available and will be saved if later requested.
