{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5510703.json","updb_database_id":5510703}
{dr}N/A

This is something that happened when I was 7 or 8 years old. I had never told anyone about it until a few years ago. This is going to sound a little odd - honestly I would like to say it was just a dream but to this day the memory still gives me chills. 

I was living in Wisconsin and one night I felt as though I had to go down to the basement. I didn't like the basement - especially my dads workshop at the back of the basement, because to a small girl it was scary, it had spider webs all over and my dad always warned me to stay away from the sump pump hole in his workshop. I hardly ever went in there but for some reason I went down there on this night after bed - everyone in the house was asleep. I believe it was the first time I was down there alone. I walked into my dads workshop and saw a glowing light underneath one of his workbenches. He had several holes drilled in the table tops and I was drawn to the light. I looked at the top of the table and saw a white glowing skinny, bony looking finger come out of one of the holes. The next thing I remember is I was standing face to face with this white glowing creature with huge black eyes and a small slit for a mouth. I thought it was like a weird little kid of some kind because it was my size. The body was extremely skinny, the head was large on top and small at the chin, I remember noticing that it had no ears. It seemed friendly and for some reason I assumed it was a girl. I was not scared at all and stood there having a conversation with it, except it didn't talk to me, it just seemed to send messages to my mind instead of talking. I remember thinking it was really cool. It made me think (by talking to my mind) that it had others close by and had to get back to them. I remember asking it if it wanted to see my swing set in the back yard and that is when I remember it telling me it had some kind of plane or ship to get to and it was located maybe across the street from my house. I don't remember going back upstairs at all or how the visit ended.

I know this sounds insane but it really felt 100% real to me. At the time I was not scared but the next day I remember freaking out and being extremely scared of the incident. I believe I was told not to say anything about it because I remember being too scared to tell my parents. It scared me so bad I am 38 years old now and I only just told them a few years ago. I don't remember seeing ET or anything before this happened. We didn't watch a lot of TV, but later, as the years passed, I started seeing pictures on TV of "aliens" who looked just like the one I saw - the "greys" are the most similar ones Ive seen - except this one seemed to glow. Every time I saw pictures of aliens, I was even more convinced that what I experienced was real, how could I have made up something so similar to everyone else?
