{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-23 21:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5524703.json","updb_database_id":5524703}
A brilliant green object moved across the sky

At approx 9:20 at night, I went out my back door on the deck to walk my dog when I saw a green flashing object in front of the constellation Cassiopeia about 30 degrees up in the sky. Initially, I thought it might be the green light of an airplane wing but immediately realized that it was very different than that. It was not a point source of light like a bulb but rather a rectangular sheet of bright green color light that appeared to shift or flicker in patterns across the object from left to right. There was no blinking--the light was bright and constant (though a changing pattern). The object moved quickly to one side (maybe 2 degrees) and back and forth and then disappeared. About 20 seconds later, it reappeared and then starting moving across a larger arc in the sky (maybe 5 degrees) faster than any aircraft could. The green light moved the other direction across the object (almost a short ribbon shape) and then it disappeared.

The anomaly was obviously not a plane (they can't move this fast) and the green color was brighter than the green used by planes. It wasn't a meteor shower because the light was in the shape of a wide rectangular shape. There was no moon and the sky was completely cloudless. The object was not fireworks nor did it appear to be laser light reflected on some surface.

I ran upstairs and told my wife and son so we all went back onto the deck and moments later, the light/object appeared again (all three of us saw it). This time, it moved extremely fast about 10 degrees from right to left (again with a pattern flowing across it), disappeared for a split second, and then reappeared heading fast in the other direction so one could "fill in the blanks" to see that it had just turned in a tight counterclockwise arc. The object disappeared for about 10 seconds and then reappeared much farther to the right above, to the right, and far beyond an electrical tower behind our house. It was quite bright and then disappeared altogether and didn't return. It remained at approximately the same altitude for all of the sightings.

I am a scientist and extremely skeptical person by nature. I don't believe in aliens, deities, miracles, ghosts, or any other supernatural or other phenomena. After much reflection, I cannot explain what this was. This is the first and only UFO I have ever encountered.
