{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-01 22:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3432,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5519703.json","updb_database_id":5519703}
Star/ Sattelite-like distinctly red glowing object (not mars) in clear skies above Croydon with distinctive flight path

In the evening of 01/04/2012 I was with my girlfriend and we had been discussing paranormal events in her area so we went to the one location she was most unnerved by so as I can identify the feeling she had gotten many times before. The whole evening I had been observing the stars but as we were at the location that held paranormal interest I noticed a very bright red star-like object in the sky, I stopped and said "Ah would you look at Mars!" a moment passed until I realised that it could not be mars at all for mars was behind me to the left of the moon! It then hit me that the red light this object was emitting was incredibly vivid and growing in intensity. I then reached into my pocket for my phone to take an image of the light. 

As I did my girlfriend noticed the object began moving, i raised my phone and though I doubted that it would even pick up the light from this object it most certainly did. My Girlfriend and I then stood and followed with our eyes as this red glowing object had really started to move right past beneath the "big dipper" and close to mars, remember earlier i had said mars was behind me opposite from where this object was. Then it stopped dead in its track and began dimming and getting smaller which in my opinion mean that it was moving away from the earth now.

I wish i could say I've been surprised by this but truth is I've seen a lot of craft before including spheres, triangles, and a saucer though the saucer i had unwittingly caught on camera by accident. I've had a history of UFO's being around me as far back as conception. I've also seen Hundreds of planes, comets/meteors, satellites, planetary bodies, and of course Chinese festival lanterns so I'm quite aware that what I saw with my girlfriend tonight was none of those objects. I have also noticed that when ever I'm with my girlfriend i tend to see things more frequently.
The photos I've attached show a swirl of red light, that's a result of my motion as its difficult to focus in on a star like object with a smart phone. 3 attachments two are the same photo just one has been blown up and has details of the image and camera on it and the other two are the raw photos. 

I'd also appreciate any form of contact with someone in MUFON as i have a photo of what clearly looks like a cloaked saucer in mid flight with an energy field around it. I've maxed out my multimedia attachments here.
