{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-10-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5470703.json","updb_database_id":5470703}
{jpg} Large black triangle hovered directly above, three burners lit, object ascended then zig-zagged across the sky out of sight

I was at work covering the night shift at a residential care facility in a somewhat rural area. At around 10:00 pm I stepped out back for a smoke break. I had the handset to the facility landline in my front pocket, and was talking on my cell phone when I exited the building. I noticed right away that the night sky was unusually black, as if the stars had been blotted out. The night was clear and cool. I looked up in time to see what I believe were three rocket burners light up almost simultaneously. The object having these red-orangish fiery "lights" ascended, it did NOT climb, it went straight up high in the sky, then it zig-zagged across the sky toward the north, and was out of sight. I stood there stunned, my heart was pounding, I must have held my breath because I had to gasp for air! I didn't believe in UFOs or any such thing, now I'm not so sure. I realized that my cell phone stopped working when I tried to find the words to tell what I had just seen.
Just then my step father and administrator of the care home arrived in the parking lot, concerned because he couldn't reach me by either of the phones.This is when I discovered my cell phone, an LG Shine AT&T, was toast. 
When I told my step father I had just seen a UFO, two jets tore across the sky. He said yeah there go the military planes. I laughed, the planes were so slow, for one. Second, they were going the wrong direction. One question I see almost every time I'm considering reporting this event is, "were there any fighter jets/military planes in the vicinity at that time?". If those planes I saw that night had any connection to the object I saw, I can think of none. But I mention it here in case such detail is relevant. If the pair of jets was supposed to escort the triangle, or chase it...that's just comical. 

This thing was not a blimp and it had to have been unmanned, otherwise the vehicle and any living beings should have been destroyed by the way the thing moved. One other thing, it made no sound whatsoever.
