{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-05 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5525703.json","updb_database_id":5525703}
5 starlike Ufo's

After driving my babysitter home I was returning to my house via the largest hill in town. Halfway down the hill the trees open up and you can see the sky and mountain of the horizon very clearly. I looked up and saw, just over the horizon, 5 red balls of light and immediately thought they were the fireworks of a 4th of July celebration from the next town over. I stopped my car to watch, but quickly realized that these 1fireworks1 were not descending after their apparent explosion, they were stationary in the sky. I watched for about 1 minute before I put the car in park and got out to really get a closer look. There was about 5 red glowing balls of light (looking like firework sparks, or a flare). The one closest to the middle of the group was the only one stationary. There were two above and to the right, one below and to the left, and one farthest one below and to the right. The one below and to the right was moving very slowly out of my view and eventually I could not see it anymore. This left only 4 now. After about 10 minutes one of the top balls got very bright and disappeared. This left only 3. The one in the middle still did not move, while the other two kept hovering around it and 1checking in with it1 almost like how a parent doesn1t let his kids stray to far. The 1roaming two1 dots would move left to right, up and down in a very fluid but slow motion, but always returned to vicinity of the middle 1mothership1 ( I use that term very loosely).
The behavior of the dots was odd. They would periodically disappear, separately, and then reappear. The would get very bright, separately, and then dim out to almost nothing. And once they all got very bright simultaneously and then dimmed to their regular brightness. The entire event lasted about 40 minutes, for me. I had even left to go home and get my camera, and when I returned and the lights were still there! I could get no image with the camera because it was not a good enough one. The lights were very close to the horizon. I tried to find another place in town where I could see that part of the sky, but could not find any. When I could stay no more, cause it was getting late and I told my wife I was going for 1icecream1 when I went back to get my camera, they were still sitting in the sky.
