{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11432,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5489703.json","updb_database_id":5489703}
{jpg} mar-aug saw red bright obj hover morph,then blue,flyby x2 june, 4 obj, repisitioned over dc ne

I have been seeing some large bright lights/objects hovering over dc from Brookland NE by dctv metro station, also white unmarked oblong craft during day over ft totten ne/nw Sta. First obj over bklnd seem red large bright obj.over bnai temple steeple from bklnd Sta is west directly toward 14&oak NW intersection west of bklnd me 9&Michigan/newton st NE, brooks mansion houses dctv Sta next to Brookland metro rail train Sta along side CSX amtrack hot rails. During months, I get off train btwn 10-1030 through 1130-1230a sometimes after 1230-130a last bus on Friday nights only. During 2-3hr noticed a lot of ninghts, several large bright objects since stars planets too small over brightly lit station area in dc hard to see regular stars planets with naked eye, so after my camera captured images of obj in sky, noticed obj was moving very quickly zigzagging constantly hovering within viewfinder box of camera app, while taking multiple f 1/8 high speed 8-15-25 imaged per second - minute. 
In apt may began noticing a second larger obj directly across opposite direction of initial red emitting obj, over pkg lot across metro and bus Sta beyond dctv metro ph lot dye east of first obj.
Second obj is larger, emits blue blue-green glow. In June while ibserving taking 600-700 photos so far, of objects hovering, shspeshifting, rotating, morphing...
While taking pictures of LG obj blue#1 with a smaller obj nearby lower to right, suddenly a high super warp speed obj oblong flies by out of nowhere materializes near blue#1 and flies across b#1 very fast disappears again about 1-2 hand lengths in sky my hand span is about 7in so no more than 7-14in in front if me but miles up in sky? 
Immediately after this sighting, a commercial airplane slowy passes across similar path, across sky blinking slowly, across from right to left about se to northeast across easterly b#1 , I could not take pictures in awe wondering if anyone on plane could see b#1 beyond it easterly direction ? 
It happened within 2-3seconds of each other.
I tried taking pix of commercial airplane but nothing came up on ph camera images too far too dark and happened too fast only 2-3 seconds and my ph software was slow. I turned to red#1 and took more images. Saw another flyby across r#1 obj un milliseconds too fast to capture. 
Gota by may June 2red obj #1 & #4 and 2 blue obj #2 & bg#4 and 2 flybys at warp speeds across in front of hovering stationary morphing obj, often has tail light stream from main craft.
In Jun blue #2 showed itself to me via my ph camera lens, suddenly while taking 8-15/sec obj seemed to appear visible to my naked eye as if it used my ph camera lens to zoom in on itself, previously could not physically zoom in too blury to see any detail if craft or lights, only could capture light changing shapes from distant, appearing in pictures like blurred lights and changed shapes two lights, oblong cigar shaped triangular, spherical and square shapes with shadows, tails and other light coming from other sides of objs not visible from this view. 
Obj took me perhaps telepathically close to it, and even with my poor eyesight I was only once able to see craft clearly as a dome sphere shaped ark metallic reflective surface like mirror material similar to surface of Sony touch screw smart glass, multi color reflective, craft surface seem robotic computerized with intelligence and telepathic communication capabilities, with me showed itself so I can see it via ph camera lens almost as if changed my ph technology capabilities beyond f 1/8 20.7megapixels hd camera lens, I felt for a few seconds within milliseconds that I was out there near close enough to craft to see it up close.
Space craft was spherical dome shaped with "layers" of shielded square doors on outter surface ay least four maybe five layers of squared surfaces all same dark metallic multi reflective smart glass type of material, very "cloaking" reflecting everything in outterspace in dark if space had window almost yet barely visible, I felt more like it was telepathic than physical vision and almost as if it brought me out to it with capability of phone camera lens"zoomed" me to see it and then I looked at ph screen image and I was back in earth nit in the phone image next to closer to craft. Space craft seem very large pod like biosphere biodome, had "tails" of white light as it revolved and changed shapes in my poor images compared to the vision of it it just revealed itself to me, intelligent computer robot built in the outter surface material of craft able to communicate with me. 

After June, I lost my phone jul2 before 1215 am on metro fm train to bklnd 
I saw few more sightings almost every other night weekly if I were out returning on metro to bklbd about same time.

In July the blue #1 obj seem to have moved directly over above bus stop 901 overhead I had to lay in my wheelchair to see it directly over me. 
It looked like similar obj I saw previous months with anothe smaller obj nearby also doundlg same hovering maneuvers zigzagging back and forth at sharp angles like drones scanning the sky then it suddenly moved across sky very quickly from location toward bnai westerly east over bus stop and repositioned itself over brookland bus stop toward former positions easterly beyond bus stop pkg lot. 

I was amazed yet my new replacement device was not fast and I wasn't able to capture the motions. Several homeless men saw o j I pointed out and catholic university college students asked and thought it were just a satellite, planet or star. One didn't speak English, Hispanic? Spoke Spanish, asked if it were star or planet. I yoke him not it's neither. But none of the bus stop patrons were very interested in looking at it. Other fem student or Lady just found it interesting. 

Before and after thunderstorms July there were .ore police and helicopter activity. Near station. Metro transit police were parked directly in bus bay but I dared not ask them to look up, and they seem engrossed in their conversation work, monitoring radio and watching station entrance from across bus stop driveways. 

After storm In westerly dir over brookland train Sta a helicopter flew very close dir over tree tops across Sta from southwest to northeast 
Helicopter activity had Increased with increasing crime activity during warm spring and summer months. So right after i saw red #1 being passed by warp speed flyby obj ascending in westerly side also going from SW to north direction in sky. I was suspect of all police and helicopter passing close by over metro.

Obj #2 flyby was very far in atmosphere buy crossed over path position if red #1 usu dir over bnai temple steeple.

June to July cresent moon phase I came downhill on bus from bus stop of Taylor and hardwood ne intersection, saw my second flyby over too of trees and electric,lines, however too much light from electric poles, moon, trees and,lines covered sight for good pictures. I took a few with Sony xperia yet not very good. Craft was not commercial or known military aircraft, very far up directly over Taylor sy ne brookland heights hill by catholic university dufor athletic field at bottom of hill. It flew in se dir iver street light electic wires overhead. 

Again battery died or low too slow to catch high speed shot. 

Seeing blue #2 and 3 obj every week in end of Jul throughout aug 2015 now, finaly got old Sony ph back from person who found it on metro, very suspect staged incident as guy claims name is Prince never turned it in to metro lost and found nor police at union station Amtrak stayin bldg where he works at fast food restaurant. 

I am very suspect of people who keep my found electronic devices without returning to station. I wonder if thus has been happening in past with all my phones and electronic devices being lost stolen on trains buses. I have recovered 2 -3 devices when I know exactly when and where I dropped then as being last person on bus or train before it goes out of device and back into yard or maintenance station where employees cleaning out station trains and buses usually find my lost devices immediately after I drop them within 30min. 

These are only pix of moon, as my images are in Sony and uploaded to google plus account and drive [moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] are un twitter uploads but mostly I have emailed cropped shots to {moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] who has confirmed my sightings images and plans to set up cameras to film possible portal or wormhole in sky space above Brookland NE dc. He is at Logan circle area NW SW of my location, may be explains objs flying from SW dir toward brookland ne of Logan. 

I look forward to any investigators coming to check out this area esp she [moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] has set up cameras to film sky activity. 

Sometimes when obj rotates morphs it looks like round in middle with extensions arms or tails four to eight coming from center of obj, other times it look square triangular and like 2-3-4 bright round oblong obj and sometimes clouds form in shape of infinity mobile fig 8 over area of ibj becoming blurry cloudy and cloaking it, then it disappears in sky and reappears within second/ miliseconds of same second. I usu observe it til it disappears and looking around moon and both sides

Better images are from Sony xperia z1s 20.7 megapixel hd camera f 1/8 
On my google plus drive you can see I shared images with [moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] on google plus [moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] at Gmail or [moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] profiles thanks for reading, happy ufo hunting, truth is here black gov secret ops reverse engineered alien tech right in front of us and world leaders know but most/ly us wont delidclose truth to public lying wasting billion on nasa when they we have better infinite unlimited energy technology. I know [name removed/CMS/jpg], nasa engineer uk citizen us dod contractor, July former supervisor is [name moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] former NASA engr 15-30yr us dod contractor. I have top secret nasa enginees saying yes we know about all these thingsincl hole in north n poles to hollow earth and other anomalies unknown to public. 
We need disclosure.
