{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486703","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/703/mufon-5486703.json","updb_database_id":5486703}
{nd} cylinder ~25mm-30mm Diameter, 15-25cm tall Cylinder movements indicated a Possible Probe of some sort.

Context.
 
Setting:
Master Bedroom, Southwest corner of upper level in Government Quarters (Family Quarters) Located at 242G Beluga Ave. ON Fort Richardson Army Post.

I was a SPC4, in the MOS 63B (Wheeled Vehicle/Power Generator Mechanic)

We were Lying in Bed, the Bed Faced East ,(headboard against West wall) The Master Bedroom Window is on the South wall in this room. the Windows were covered with Aluminum Foil and Aluminum tape to keep the summer light out at "night" so we saw no craft outside the window.
 We had our Second Daughter in bed with us at the time. Our Daughter was a newborn no more than two months old. It was my Wife that saw the object in our bedroom, hovering over our newborn Daughter.
By her account: She looked at the object for some time, moved her hand between the object and our daughter which was oriented vertically along its long axis hovering above our daughter.

As she observed it, she noticed or sensed that it was scanning the baby, then, an entity that she says looked like a classic Grey alien, appeared in the room beside the bed. She exclaimed Very loudly, "YOU CANNOT HAVE MY BABY" which woke me from a dead sleep.I immediately sat up and scanned the room as I had been trained to do.I saw my wife clutching our daughter closely and was consciously in the Fight Mode. although I don't recall seeing anything that to me, posed a threat that moment, My wife was visibly shaken and definitely in the Fight Mode but in a protective posture. (don't know how else to describe it).
She stated that when she yelled at the entity and woke me that both the entity and the "probe" seemed to "dematerialize" and were gone.

Later that night, we observed (both of us) an "Entity" at the foot of our bed. this "Entity" was so "dark" that its outline was clearly visible in the pitch black of our bedroom. 
Remember that there is no light from the window or the door, also covered with foil around the jamb and door joint and the window covered with aluminum foil and aluminum tape. It had a human form, and about the same average height as a human male. (5' 7") or so. it had dim glowing eyes. we were so freaked out that we stared yelling and throwing things toward it. It moved though the door and was gone. 

We woke our other two children dressed everyone, and left our Quarters. It was decided that we would not report this to the Army for fear of being ostracized and or labeled Crazy and being put out of the service.
