{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-29 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5494367.json","updb_database_id":5494367}
{dr}Looked similar to a moving star/sattelite at first, changed into a blinking red light, then changed back to a

My brother and 2 friends of mine stepped outside to smoke around 10-11 PM in North Salem, Or on the date of April 29th, 2015. I looked up and noticed what I thought was a small faint satellite far in the distance, I've seen many of them and don't think anything of them. It looked extremely high up in the sky, higher than a normal aircraft would fly. I watched it for about 3 second and to my surprise the faint light faded and was replaced with a pulsating bright red light, and it looked bigger now than it was when it was just a white light. At that point I had gotten my brother and friends attention and tried to point it out to them, I saw it stop abruptly in its tracks and change back to the white light after about 5 seconds of the pulsating red light. My brother and friends did not see it in time as I was still attempting to point it out to them and they were trying to find it. What looked like either a plane or a helicopter passed underneath it while it was stationary, and I was able to use that as a marker to point it out to them as it passed underneath. However, by the time they saw it, it was of course back to a faint white star, and it had stopped moving. It literally only looked like a star now. I don't know if they believed me, but I know what I saw. I am intelligent and educated with no history of hallucinations or mental illness. Anyway, I watched it intently for about 2 minutes and it did not move. Over the next 5-10 minutes I glanced at it every now and then with the same result. No movement. I know it was not a star. And I don't believe it was any aircraft either, it looked MUCH too high in the sky. Not just a little too high, very very high. I would have tried to get pictures or video of it, but my cellphone camera is not advanced enough to even photograph the moon at night.
