{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-14 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5491367.json","updb_database_id":5491367}
{cak} Over a mesa behind my house a group of friends and I witnessed a bright oval like object.

A group of friends and I were roping a dummy around 7 in the afternoon waiting on my father to get home from work at the time. As the sunset was happening we looked towards the West out over the Mesa of Bonita Canyon from the backyard. There was a really bright circle object hovering in the same place. At some points the object would go up and go down lower to the mountain. Around 5 minutes after us watching it in awe 6 or so jets come from what it looks like Kirtland Air Force Base. All of them kind of side by side speeding right above our heads, low. As they get closer to the object out at the mountain behind our home they all somehow circle the object as if trying to capture it. More jets seem to appear to circle the object hovering over the mountain. It looked as if the object was getting something from that spot in the mountain. While one weird government looking plane with shining red and blue lights as if it was a cop car slowly goes down toward the light at a slow speed the object floats up a little, and just disappears! Once this happens all the aircraft's zip at high speeds as if they were searching the sky for the object. They stayed flying in the air around the area till we all went to bed the night it happened. Sometimes hearing the roar of the aircraft's echo off the mountain sides loud. A family friend of ours works at a gas station named Phillips 66 in the town of Grants, New Mexico. Just 5 miles away from our little village. We strike up a conversation about what had happened that night and he says a few people had actually jumped off the highway to ask if there were military planes shooting down a object. But from watching it at our house they never did get close enough to the hovering object. Still to this day there is many aircraft's flying over from what seems to be Kirtland Air Force Base over to the same spot seeming to be searching for something. Some days jets flying over in numbers back and forth. Lately seeing them hovering in the same spot surrounded by a few other hovering government planes as if keeping watch. Past two nights they have been in the same spot where the object was the day of the incident while others hover around the sky in the area. While in the area a red, fast, low, blinking plane like object flys over the area of our home.
