{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-05 13:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5518367.json","updb_database_id":5518367}
Object appeared oddly like aircraft, but wasnt. Disappeared when I looked away and back. Went back outside 45 min later and saw it briefly again before it just vanished.

Went outside office to get lunch at street. When returning I was looking for Venus as the "eclipse" neared (around 1:35 pm). I notice a sea gull and a jet and what appeared to be another jet but, upon further observance, noticed it looked more like a cross between and jet and a bird. It was west of my position and moved very slowly to the North. It appeared to be several miles away and several miles high. The day was clear and I could see the jet at 30-35,000 feet with an obvious vapor trail. The "wings" appeared to reflect some of the sun light, but not as a pure metallic reflection. More of a hybrid metallic reflection. It moved very slowly as a jet would appear to move. I glanced away and back again and it was still there. I thought Id get my phone out and take a picture or video, but when I looked back it was no where to be seen. I looked for several more minutes and then decided to go back into the office.

While eating lunch inside I couldnt stop thinking about it so I went back outside and sat in my car looking for the object again. I saw two more jets with vapor trails over the next 15 minutes. Then I decided to go back into work and I got out of my car. Then I saw it again. This time lower in elevation but in the same general location. It appeared darker than before but I knew it was the same object I saw previously. It was large and difficult to see...almost invisible. I watched it for about 10 seconds trying not to take my eyes off of it. They started to water and I wiped them. It was still there not really moving in any direction. I reached for my phone and searched for the camera function. When I finally launched the program and looked back for the object it was gone. I sat there for another 20 minutes but was unable to spot it again. It is nearly 3 now and I am going out to observe the Venus eclipse and search again for the UFO.

I will sketch what I thought I saw and submit it later. I took a picture in the area after it vanished but have not looked at the picture yet. I will after I type this and observe the eclipse.
