{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-19 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5547367.json","updb_database_id":5547367}
Silent but speedy and dark object cutting through the night sky.

I was watching the sky from my backyard facing due east when out of the corner of my eye to the south I caught movement. I turned expecting to catch a glimpse of a shooting star but what I saw was not lit up at all. 

The object moved across my field of view from South to North moving at a very high rate of speed; not quite as fast as a shooting star might move but it appeared many times faster than a satellite might seem to move. I did not notice any light as you would see with a star or satellite. There was absolutely no sound and just before I lost sight of it to the North it appeared to slightly angle to the east. The best way I can explain it is it appeared as if something was CUTTING through the sky. This is why I marked the shape as a cigar. I can not tell if the object was shaped like a cigar or what but it was almost like watching a jet boat on the water from a high mountain top where there was a sort of wave or ripple left behind although there was no noticeable length of tail and I could not distinguish between the object and the sky. It took approximately 3 seconds to go from one side of my view to the other.

I watched this object move across the whole of my horizon and thought to myself: "No way, what the hell was that? Seriously, what the hell was that? No way, no way!"

The night was mostly clear but with a few high altitude light hazy sort of clouds around. The more I think about it the more I wonder if it could have been some sort of stealth military air craft, but I just don't know.
