{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5495367.json","updb_database_id":5495367}
{cak} My dog alerted me approx. a year ago. We observed a huge floating object traveling in a straight line from W to E Silent in no hurry.

I was at my house watching tv at about 8:30 when my coon hound alerted me. So I walk outside and its calm and quiet. The wind wasn't blowing, crickets were sleeping, I mean Erie kind of quite. So Im looking around and don't see anything. That's when I noticed he was looking up at this HUGE object floating over the cattle field heading at a steady slow pace towards us, just a little to the south of where we were standing. All I could really see against the night sky was two lights that appeared to be attached to something huge. The space between the lights, was at least a football field apart. When it went by the house we never heard a thing and finally it disappeared behind the tree line out of my line of sight. I convinced my self that it was two helicopters flying at the same rate of speed, and the reason they were so quite was government technology and so and so forth. Keep in mind I never told anybody about this. Almost a year later I did some work on my neighbors car and she started telling me about 6 or maybe more lights she seen moving like they were connected, also quiet. About 5 years ago 2 miles down the road at Thomas Mill Creek A friend of mine told me about a smaller object that hovered right above the water for a minute and left. I didn't think much about it until now.     There is a Hydroelectric damn less than ten miles from hear at the end of Lake Eufaula. I have a hunch they may be charging up or something. I don't know what fuels the floating neighborhood. I do know golf carts are quiet though and they work off of electricity. The layout of the land, where I observed it barley above treetop level is shaped like a huge bowl or crater and was thinking it may have been avoiding radar. You can call me if you are interested. I have since been looking up stuff and have discovered your organization though all the stuff I have been watching.
