{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-26 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75468","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5484367.json","updb_database_id":5484367}
{dr}Faint star like object with slow movement would turn on what appear to be spotlights

Saturday evening between 11Pm and midnight my wife stepped outside to let our dogs out when she noticed a really bright light flash all of a sudden in the northern sky.She looked in that direction for a few seconds when again she saw a flash of light, as if someone was turning on a spot light in the sky. She called me outside (I was in the kitchen preparing myself a snack), and when I went outside that and pointed in the direction where she last saw the flash of light, I saw it. From there we both observed this very faint object in the sky move very slowly with it flashing this spot light every so often. There wasn't a set number of seconds between flashes, it happened randomly. I called my son outside so he can also see it, which he did. It did this for around 3 to 4 minutes before it moved in an easterly direction appearing to be a very faint star. Lost track of the object as it became way too faint to observe.
This is not the first time we have witnessed peculiar objects and lights in the sky. Many other times we have seen orange football shaped objects hovering behind our woods (July 4th, 2011 to be exact), we have seen glowing orbs floating in the sky, military jets appearing to attempt to intercept some objects, and many other anomalies that we simply cannot explain. I myself have also witnessed INCREDIBLE sized (Best way to describe it) ship silently going over me with about 50 smaller objects appearing shortly after doing what appeared to be aerobatics. Not sure how this makes me feel. Part of me is pretty excited and another part of me concerned.... Not knowing what these things are is what causes my fear, I believe...
