{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5488367.json","updb_database_id":5488367}
{nd} Awakened by loud humming sound, 1 hr. later has numerous bright flashes in my living room window

I was asleep on the morning of Oct. 3 and as awakened by a loud sound that sounded similar to a very low flyingtt airtctraft. I live several miles away from Harrisburg International Airporo but the planes coming and going from there typically follow a northwest totraveling southeast route from the airport or vice versa. This aircraft was extremely low and emitted a differ sound from what I hear from most aircraft. It was more of a loud humming sound. The aircraft sounded that low that I truly thought it was going to crash into my house and another thing I noted is that it seemed to move so slowly. I wish I would have gotten up to look out my window but I didn't. This happened at 12:55 am. Around 2:00 pm, I got up to use the bathroom and when I walked out of my bedroom, I noticed a flash of light and I turned and looked into my living room. There is a picture window in the living room and I could also see out of my dining room windows. I looked across the living room and there were numerous bright flashes of light that completely covered the window on the east side of the living room. I would estimate these flashes lasted around fifteen to thirty seconds and they were very bright and there was no sound emitting from them. The best description I can give is that they were bright white to silver flashes. I recall standing there watching what was happening and I had no clue whatsoever as to what was going on. I remember looking towards my picture window and my dining room window and there was nothing there. After this all happened, I went back to bed and I just laid there trying to understand what had just happened. The next day, I called a neighbor who lives about a quarter mile down the road and he said he saw and heard nothing. I've seen many strange things during my lifetime but never anything close to what I saw that morning. It wasn't until the day after it happened that I started to associate the aircraft incident with the lights and that's when I decided to contact someone to find out if anything like this has ever been reported before. Please tell me I'm not crazy. Sorry, I just went up to the beginning of my report and tried t add some comments but for some reason, it just messed up my statementI hope you can offer some explanation for this totally bizarre incident. Thank you.
