{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-07 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499367","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59772","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/367/mufon-5499367.json","updb_database_id":5499367}
{nd} orb 4-5 of them over the ocean extremely bright and large at times have excellent photos and video

I have seen flying saucers since august 18, 1980. this was my 8th ufo experience, but I have never seen orbs, only spaceships. these were orbs, I think, not what I ususally experience. I first noticed the object before dinner, but I just blew it off. we had dinner on the beach, overlooking the water. my wife noticed it after dinner, when we went to leave. I immediately saw a large bright light again, much brighter than the first time, approximately 45 earlier. I knew immediately what it was, a ufo. we just purchased a camera a few days before, and we went to the waters edge, and started filming. my wife did. the object...there were 4-5 of them, were extremely bright, varieng in size from a pin head to a quarter. I estimate about half a mile to a mile away from shoreline. they moved independently, and went from bright small in size, to immensely bright and huge, maybe the size of a quarter. they moved up and down, remained stationary, and one of them went over land when big, over I would assume sandy hook area, 10-15 miles north of where we were. there were 6-7 people on the beach watching and filming as well. it was amazing to see. my feelings...very excited, very controlled. I wanted to attract them, and stood in the light than ran across the water and did jumping jacks to attract it. it did not respond. the objects got extremely big and bright maybe 3-4 times. these actions unfortunatlely were not captured on video of photos. I told my wife to take video, to make sure we had it on video. I spoke to my cousin on the cell phone throughout part of the experience, because he knows of all the things I have experienced, and I was describing the scene to him as it happened. I am very lucky to have experienced what I have throughout my life. We never lost sight of the objects. we left after about an hour or so. I have digital video, audio, and photo. when I enlarged the photo, you see amazing detail of 2 orbs around a tremoundous bright round light, sometimes two bright circles of light. unfortunately, I do not know how to submit this to you right now, but will have my wife do so in the next few days to a week. you will be amazed, or maybe not, since this is probably common. but it is amazing, and I would like an explanation as to what this is...I believe it is extra terrestrial. my wife thinks it was secret military craft, but she also said she did not know what it was. She does not believe in ufo, since she has never seen one, but then, she could not explain what we saw and filmed.
