{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-13 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103633","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5457919.json","updb_database_id":5457919}
{rjl} Brilliant green ORB moving and hovering above hills behind house

I was outside smoking looking at the stars like I always do. It was approximately 2am because Orion was already above the hills. I noticed in the corner of my eye a green light hovering above the northern hilltop. I assumed it was a drone because people in the complex have flown drones above the houses but then I realized that there wasn't a red light or white lights that drones have and that I did not hear a sound from it at all. I have always been able to hear any drone that close. Also being 2am it was dead quiet outside. So I turned the outside lights off and moved closer. This was a Brilliant green ORB. The size was between a basketball and a beach ball. It would hover right above the north hilltop and than suddenly move to the South hilltop. It would depend below the level of the hills. Sometimes on the Eastern side and sometimes on the Northern Side. When at the hilltops it would have to have been no more than 20 feet above the hilltop. I could gauge the size when it dropped below the hilltop on the Northern side which was my side and knowing how far the hill was from me and how big the boulders there are. The light coming from the ORB was a brilliant green but would slowly fade up to a green/white than back down to this brilliant green. What was weird also is for how bright the light was it wasn't casting light onto the hills. Almost like the light was the ORB. Like the light was a solid (it's hard to explain). At the end of the 10 or so minutes it hovered more towards the middle of the two hilltops. Than out of no where it shot straight up into the sky at an AMAZING SPEED. I have never in my life seen anything that fast. At that speed it had to have gone up into the atmosphere. I am 36 years old and I have been to a lot of places, have done and experienced many things but nothing like that. I've seen many military jets, helicopters, rocket launches, missle launches and weird optical illusion. I was a Merchant Mariner for many years and was a trined observer in lights, movement of objects, atmospheric effects, light refraction (Superior and inferior} and so on. So I know what I saw was not anything that I know of, especially in Hemet CA. Than for the next 2 months these all black quiet helicopters with all lights off would fly over every 2 to 3 days coming from the SE heading to W/NW towards March AFB. I know that sounds insane and conspiracy theory like but I have talked to a few other people that also noticed the helicopters as well.
