{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5547919.json","updb_database_id":5547919}
Very large right organge/red light possibly the size of a large house

I'm not sure of the year, although it was about 1984. Driving alone and headed home from work one night I turned onto Rt.78 off of I-74, my usual route. Soon after turning onto this road, I saw in front of me, and up in the sky, what I initially thought to be a guided missle because this was the only thing I could relate to at the time. I rationalized that the rest of the "missle" couldn't be seen, since this was the only thing that made sense to me. Terrified, and believing this "missle" could hit somewhere around Galsesburg, Illinoi (an hour away), I pressed the gas pedal of my car to the floor hoping to make it home so I could see my husband one last time before the "missle" hit. I've never been so terrified.

It was difficult to estimate just how high in the sky it was flying, but it was about the height of a tall Chicago building. Moving too slow to be an airplane, and traveling horizontal to the ground, I ruled out a meteor too. It was just something very brightly lighted and sort of glowing red/orange.

I watched the object for only a short amount of time while it was in front of me and then soon right over my car, traveling in a more or less straight line heading west above Illinois 74. When I turned around to see if it was still there a few minutes later I could no longer see it. 

I really didn't expect to make it home that night (because I thought this some sort of disaster), but when I did arrive home about 10 minutes later I thought my husband would be able to tell me what the object was, figuring the local television stations would have broken into regular programing to comment on this emergency. But to my astonishment, my husband had heard nothing. I didn't report this to anyone, feeling rather silly and thinking no one would believe me. 

Now, I wish I had called the authorities and would very much like to know if anyone else saw this object that night. Surely others saw it since it was so huge and unusual but I've never heard any more about it.

Linda
