{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-04 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35482","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5520919.json","updb_database_id":5520919}
bright hovering flying saucer/ufo sighting- craft hovered while circling

A companion and I were driving down Highway 10 in Palm Desert, Ca, coming home from dinner at approx 7 pm. It was then that we noticed above us while we were driving in the night sky, a very large, bright, white, hovering saucer-shaped object/craft with a red light at its center, that did not move, but hovered above the desert slightly to our right beside the highway in the sky. We first noticed the flying saucer because it was so circular and bright, and because of its bright, inner, red light, both which we had never seen before. We thought, could it be a helicopter, could it be a plane, but it was not. There were no blades, and the flying saucer was stationery, hovering while circling slowly above us, about a half mile away and above us. The sky was clear and there were very few stars. There were no visible aircraft in the sky at the time. For about 2 minutes, it hovered in one place while circling very slowly, descending slightly downwards, then it appeared to hover to either the left or to the right, circling slowly all the time. During the entire time, we were amazed at its brightness, circular shape, and bright, inner, red light. As we exited the freeway, it ascended and rose slightly, appearing near the mountains in a flash and change of direction that was faster than anything we had ever seen. It was too fast to even see its movement across the sky. During this time, my car radio suddenly turned on. This has not happend to either of us before. We are both educated, skeptical people and have never witnessed any UFO sighting- ever, or had a car radio mysteriously turn on. We were fascinated and amazed, and I was somewhat afraid at the time, because of its large size, brightness, inner red light, speed, circular movement, and hovering capacity- its ability to stay motionless in one place. We lost sight of the object as it changed direction across the sky and moved away from us, appearing towards the distant mountains, descending somewhat lower in the sky. We are both 100% certain that the object was not from our planet, we felt like it was watching us. Its size was larger than any aircraft we had ever seen, brighter and whiter than anything, and very circular in size. I was afraid when the radio turned on. We had not been drinking or anything at all. We feel very fortunate to have witnessed the sighting of a flying saucer and alien aircraft and UFO.
