{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-31 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5489919.json","updb_database_id":5489919}
{jpg} At intersection spotted 10 hovering lights in front of us. Got out of car and watched 3 min

My wife and i were going to dinner Labor Day Monday evening at about 9 pm. I'm a state police officer 15 years if that adds some credibility. I was off duty at the time. We were approaching an intersection in the town of Soquel, CA. Darkness had just set. We are a coastal community and this time of year the fog rolls in when the sun goes down. It wasn't foggy at ground level but the cloud cieling was very low; maybe a few thousand feet. We were facing toward the connecting town of Capitola wich sits right on the Monterey Bay. We were no more than 1 1/2 miles from Capitola and the beach waterline. No other vehicles were on the road at this time. We approached the intersection and stopped for a red light. It was at this time we observed 10 or so lights traveling from left to right very slowly just below the fog ceiling. They were all exactly the same size and color of light. About basketball size with a bright yellowish light hue. They were stagered in formation one high one low one high and so on. The light they emitted was consistent not blinking in any pattern. They all seemed to move slowly up and down not necessarily in unison. Just kinda bobbling as they traveled slowly. We jumped out of the car immediately and fumbled to get a picture with my wifes phone to no avail. Suddenly as the first light disappeared farthest to the right the rest of the lights also did one by one as soon as they would reach the same spot the first one disapeared at. Maybe a few second or more apart. Never saw anything like it until I was watching a UFO program on I think the history channel one day. The program showed the exact lights in the exact formation traveling left to right at dusk over some mountains in Arizona. I woke my wife at the time and rewound the show for her to see. She absolutely agreed it was one in the same. There are no airports in the vicinity and no military bases besides no plane or helicopter would be allowed to fly in that weather. We rarely see them during the day in good weather. I tried to find other possible witnesses to no avail. I very certain what i saw. Not fireworks
