{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-16 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5483919.json","updb_database_id":5483919}
{rjl} Observed a brightly illuminated object crossing the night sky from West to East.

I was having to go to the grocery store to pick up a few items and as I stepped out of the house to walk down the stairs to the driveway I looked up at the night sky to view the stars as I usually do by habit. 

Immediately I take notice of a intensely glowing white object in the sky to the West / South West and right away there after I see an airplane higher in altitude travelling due North with it's signal lights blinking. 

As quickly as I could (perhaps 10-12 seconds) I took out my cell phone and began videoing the sighting. Granted it took me a moment to keep a steady hand and capture as much as I could before I lost the angle to view it as it passed to the East behind my neighbors roof top where I no longer could view it. 

The Stars were visible yet not even close to the brightness illuminating from this object as it traveled at a faster rate of speed compared to the two airplanes that flew at higher altitude in proximity. The stars would faint in the background, as were the airplanes.

There was no blinking of lights, nor sound as it traveled by. I would estimate the object was 2-3 miles in the sky with the airplanes being just above around 3-4 miles and possibly climbing. 

Even with Jupiter and another Star clearly visible in the direction of the Moon, this object was as bright as the Moon itself on a much smaller scale of size. 

Lastly, the object tended to appear "blurry" at times, coming in and out of focus of my own eyes. I was wearing my glasses at the time, yet still was hard to focus on. I wear a light prescription.

The video is 2 min 20 secs in length. I believe the entire viewing took place in well under 3 minutes. This version posted is a lower quality due to converting it in order to upload to the site. The original video is 286 mb. compared to the 21 mb version I'm submitting. 

After viewing/experiencing several events in my youth and never reporting or sharing the intimacy of them, I decided this was something worth mentioning for public record as inconclusive as it may be. Perhaps someone else took notice of this? 

thank you
