{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-17 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5289919.json","updb_database_id":5289919}
Observed a black triangle with lights in each corner.

On October 17, 2016 at around 1930 I observed lights approx 1/4 mile out my window while doing the dishes. The lights caught my attention because it was an unusual location for a flight path very low over the horizon and I assumed it was a helicopter. I went outside on my back porch and realized the object was much closer than I had estimated and was not making the noise expected from a conventional aircraft. It seemed to be moving toward the field/pasture N of my house. I went into the house and got my wife and we both went outside in the front yard and stood on our lawn. At this point the object had continued to move across the treeline moving W to E and when we came outside it seemed to slow down and be aware of/acknowledge us. It was at this point I was able to identify the object as a black triangle approx 50' across or so; about the same wingspan of a conventional commuter aircraft. There were lights/orbs in each corner and a strobe on top that blinked periodically, similar to an FAA strobe. At some point during the interaction the strobe turned off and it was only the lights in the corners. The moon was bright and I was able to clearly make out the object.
The object moved from the treeline toward our location and continued to make absolutely no noise. Finally when it was approx 250-300 ft away from us it stopped and hovered in place. It was very apparent in what seemed a non-threatening way it was watching us and knew we could see it. My wife and I watched it for several minutes with nothing happening. I eventually put my arms out to my side making "airplane wings" with my arms. I then rocked or "tipped my wings" 3 or so times. The object then mimicked the motion in the air and rocked side to side. This action disturbed my wife and she ran inside. The object then moved to the E approx 500 ft and then moved S again this time coming the closest to me as the crow flies; at this point it was approx 150-200 ft away. I took a short video of the object at this point with my phone. From there the object moved due E toward the Show Low Regional Airport and I lost sight of it.
