{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-06 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472919","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/919/mufon-5472919.json","updb_database_id":5472919}
White orb looked like it was taking evasive action to hide from aiplane in (sun ) backlit cloud. Orb then proceeded to take directional changes , then move twards black spot in cloud , then disappeared from site of naked eye.

My girlfriend and i were sitting outside in the sunroom attached to the west side of my house, casually remenissing the strange occurance of a ufo sighting we shared togesther (july 7 2016 7:36 p.m.) the year before. I had been noticing a strange dark cloud in the s.w. sky that seemed to defy logic. The wind was blowing hard in a few different directions as it had appeared in the layers of clouds, but this one cloud that stood out to be different to me had not moved in an hour or more. The sun was begining to set in the s.w. and as it shined it back lit this clud i a srange way . There was a cresent of reflected light within the cloud that i had not seen before i had onsidered this odd. I had started to video tape the cloudbecause we had noticed a strsnge white orb that was movng on the far right hand side of the cloud. We had noticed that the white orb was not the only thing up near this cloud , there was also an airplane that had been orbiting in a pattern on the far left side of the cloud. From my perspective it looked like the orb was hiding from the black orbiting plane. The orb moved from the top of the cloud did an s- like manover snd headed into a dark spot within the cloud and the orb disspeared . It was no longer visable and the eminating light from the orb was no longer visable. It sermed like a rare coinsidence that the experience we were having was all so familliar to the one we had a year before. In that case we had seen a pop can shaped cylinder in the sky we were baffled as to what it was, and as we were watching the actions of object it had vanished, within 5 seconds wete observed a cf-18 climb in the sky to very much the last seen proximity of the object where the fighter jet had then banked hard to the right and Faded out of view.
