Date                         Date
  Case No:        1393 05012021                   12-01-2021                        18-03-2024
                                     Report:                      Resolution:
                                                 Metropolitan
   Location:        Las Condes        Region:                     Classification:     Resolved.
                                                 Santiago

   A cloud-like object was reported present.
Summary: A completely clear atmosphere at 21:50 hours on January 04, 2021, over the skies of Santiago.

The reported object was described as a cloud with a darker figure inside, orange in color and darker in the center. From a distance, it was likened to "a soccer ball."

The described object appeared in the west and disappeared also in the west.
Its movement was slow and even, emitting small luminosities,

The user ended up writing that (sic): "I went out into the patio and I only saw that cloud and I
stayed looking at it, I noticed that it was the only one there, I looked at it for 5 or 6 minutes and
then it started to move away at a constant speed."

Along with the report, two photographs in JPEG format were entered, named
"image0" (Figure 1) and "image1", similar to the previous one.
User Description:

Figure 1:

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates: 33° 25' 29" S, 70° 32' 03" W, at an altitude of 722 meters above sea level (masl), in Las Condes, Metropolitan Region.

The study image image0 that supported the report was digitally perused, confirming its integrity and determining that its file size is...
640 x 480 megapixel JPEG image, 72 dpi, f/2.2, shutter speed 1/17s, ISO 1250, taken with the main camera of a
A cellular phone iPhone 6 on January 04, 2021 at 21:37 HL.

The following image shows what was reported, digitally processed with the object of
To emphasize shapes and colors, with a 200% magnification. It was not possible to obtain more details as it was a low-resolution file (Figure
2).

Investigation:

(Figure 2)

The air traffic review did not reveal the presence of any aircraft.
I could deliver what was captured in the photos.

Meteorological conditions were studied using observations made from Arturo Merino Benítez Airport (SCEL) in Santiago. Of
According to them, around the time of the photographic capture, there was a
Visibility of at least 10 kilometers, with no cloud cover below 5,000 feet, no cumulonimbus or significant weather phenomena. Surface winds came from the SEpS (150°) south and tended to decrease in intensity from 14 to 12 knots. Relative humidity increased from 33 to 35% and temperature decreased from 23 to 21°C.

                 Considering the possibility that the reported origin might be of non-extraterrestrial origin
Due to the meteorological conditions, advice was sought from a professional from the Monitoring and Meteorological Diffusion Office of the Chilean Meteorological Directorate. Based on the available information for analyzing the meteorological conditions, taking into consideration the time of the sighting and the observer's position looking towards the west, there is a high probability that what was reported was a small cloud formation. This would have been generated by
Mechanical or forced ascent of humid air at low levels, carried by the sea breeze up the coastal mountain range. This cloud did not develop further vertically due to the thermal inversion present around 1,500 meters.

Additionally, it was indicated that the luminous aspect of the cloud, darker in the center and with a tonal quality, was the result of the scattering of rays.
Solar panels that illuminated it from behind, and that generated more darkness in its center than at the edges due to the higher concentration of the water droplets that formed it. Finally, by the time of the report, the cloud seemed to disappear because the Sun illuminated it less and less.

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of forensic, photographic, geographical, and meteorological studies, it was concluded that there is a high probability of a natural phenomenon, such as a cloud or a mist, being the cause of the observation.
Conclusion:
              The probability that the reported sighting corresponds to a cloudlet, according to specialized meteorological analysis.
