{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-07 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490461","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/461/mufon-5490461.json","updb_database_id":5490461}
{cak} We saw 4-6 UFO or gray metallic objects. They were all in a line heading in the same direction at a very high speed one that's never been seen before.

it was August 8th 2015 10 p.m. me and my two best friends are having a normal day hanging out. We we're sitting down talking like usual and then my friend said he was hearing some weird exploding noises or some type of explosion or firework ( I'd like to add that fireworks are illegal in Utah at this time) so he goes to the window and he sees that the explosion they're coming from the distance southwest of us,we could also see flashing lights in the distance where the explosions are coming from. after approximately 5 to 10 minutes of pure loud exploding noise everything went silent so we went back to hanging out and talking then my friend decided to go check out and see if he could still see the lights but when he looked outside he saw some silver/grayish metallic object fly over his house at incredible speeds, he immediately told us to rush to the window so we ran towards the window and pop our heads out and above us I saw 4 disk like metallic objects flying towards the south, they were all in such a precise and organized line. after the UFO sighting me and my friends decided to go outside to see if we can spot any more and this is where it gets strange where we had been hearing the explosions come from, birds and not just a few birds, but thousands of birds were flying away from that direction. we stayed outside for 2 hours for those whole 2 hours hundreds and hundreds of birds just kept flying away from that direction. We believe the explosions were coming from a secret military base that we actually saw on their way back from my trip to Idaho. we did research on this facility because when we had passed it we saw a bunch of officers patrolling the area and whoever would get close to the base would be stopped and questioned. I've never reported UFO sighting for the risk of being laughed at but this was too strange to ignore I had to report it to someone I think the strangest part was when a bunch of airplanes were headed towards the direction where the explosion / lot of noises were coming from. I'm left here without answers what went on that night. Thank You MUFON for letting me share.
