{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-10 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521461","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/461/mufon-5521461.json","updb_database_id":5521461}
4 redish orange orbs pulsating fast brighter than any lights ever seen. one broke away to the north and hovered. the others made a triangle formation

Email sent to mufon last night (1-10-12) @ 7PM emailed to cclift@mufon.com
I witnessed this with my 2 sons as we drove east from New Lenox to Frankfort, IL traveling down Laraway Rd.

Hello,

Driving East down Laraway road this evening, I saw 4 rapidly blinking lights from red to orange. They were in a square shape formation, rotating and twisting and traveling East. At times it looked like a straight line. I was driving and was awestruck.. they were in the distance to East of me. They looked to be traveling a bit to the North, maybe following the I80 expressway.

Then one broke off and It started heading North1 Then the remaining 3 formed the classic triangle shape. The one that broke off moved out to the north, stopped, and stayed motionless.

The lights were unlike anything Ive seen. I live in an area where Midway and OHare airports are located, so I know what a helicopter and aircraft look like at night. They werent the normal slow flashing lights and these lights were flashing fast with more colors at times.

These lights looked as bright as LED Christmas lights that pulsed very fast. Flickering. They also changed from red to orange and other colors in-between at fast increments. Almost too fast to see but they registered. Brighter than any other aircraft lights that Ive ever seen. 

If you hear any more reports of this, please let me know. I honestly would like to hear that they were helicopters on a training mission form the military. But if so, They were the brightest helicopters, Ive ever seen.

Ive included a low quality photo. This is with my flip phone. I wish it could have been better. I took this photo when I got to my destination in Frankfort , IL. The bright light is a street light but you can see the triangle faintly in the distance. They then moved away in the distance to the East. I could not see them anymore.

Im a 30 year old man. I don't drink or do drugs. Im on the level.

Thanks,

TC
New Lenox, IL

*note my 2 young sons (6 and 8 years of age) were in the car and keeping track of the lights as well. They witnessed it also.
