{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-15 22:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495461","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/461/mufon-5495461.json","updb_database_id":5495461}
{cak} Large Circular object, mimicking the color of the night sky.

I had just returned home from rural Southern Illinois. During my ride in the darker rural areas I noticed a cluster of stars and was debating if it was Perseus, so I decided to go out onto my deck to see if I could determine for sure. I was looking toward Orion, I had used Orion as a reference point earlier, when "movement" of something caught my attention to the west of Orion. It took me a second to understand what I was observing move through the sky because it was almost identical to the color(s) of the night sky, except for the edge which seemed to be ever so slightly reflecting light from the town below it.
A large circular shaped object, mimicking the night sky in color, as if for camouflage, was moving in the west going north. There are a few stratus clouds(guessing they are under 6,000 ft.) tonight and this circular object was below the cloud cover, which is probably the only reason I was able to get a visual fix on it. IT was blocking the clouds behind it, even though it was the exact color of the night sky, it faintly stood out because of the cloud cover and the edges having an ever so faint light reflection.
Its flight path was steady and smooth. When I realized I was seeing something out of the ordinary, I focused on whether I could hear any sound, there was no sound, and there were no contrails of any kind. I held my fist up to try to determine size, it was larger than my fist at arms length.
I lost sight of it due to a tree line and as it got further away, the edges were not as easy to make out visually.
I would say my reaction was of being in awe. I know I said out loud to myself, 'what was that.....what WAS THAT?' I stood on the deck for about five minutes, looking to see if there were possibly others in the area. I then became uneasy standing out there and returned into the house.
