{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-25 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528461","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3944,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/461/mufon-5528461.json","updb_database_id":5528461}
bright orange object appeared on eastern horizon, going W/SW, maneuvered, lost altitude, maneuvered, and then accelerated SW gaining altitude before going out of sight

Location: Backyard patio; *(Wit's residence coordinates moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg).

Stepped out of back door to retrieve firewood from wood bin. Glanced into eastern sky and saw bright orange sphere approaching. Initial thought was a meteor or missile shot from Wallops Island. Quickly realized object had no tail as it continued to move SW towards house. Initial estimate was object was between 5000-6000' high, traveling about 200-250mph. Knowing it was unusual I turned and opened door and told my wife to come look at the object. Object had continued SW but then appeared to maneuver lower in sky with a series of turns to the south and the back to the west. Due to moisture in air object appeared to have a "halo" around it with a slight cone of light towards leading edge. 

My wife joked "It must be Santa Claus".  There were no aviation navigation lights, landing lights, anti-collision lights observed and object maintained bright orange color. At this point, maybe 45 seconds into sightings I determined that this may be a UFO. As object reached a spot about 70-80 degrees in elevation while looking SE from my back patio, it accelerated and climbed at an extremely fast speed heading SW until it disappeared from sight approximately 30 degrees above horizon. Object was not in any standard traffic patterns for NAS Norfolk, Norfolk International, or Washington Center from my experience. Could not determine if loss of sight on object was due to cloud cover or due to height. Entire episode lasted no more than two minutes and there was no propeller or rotor noise, engine noise, etc., associated with object. I contacted 911 who had no information about any reported sightings or unusual activity and offered to transfer me to the NAS duty officer. I declined the phone transfer.

My wife's comments during event indicated she thought it looked like a star due to the "rays" that appeared to emanate from object. I thought this may be due to moisture, clouds, atmospherics, etc. She also said "How come it isn't making any noise?"

15 minutes later I heard propeller aircraft turning and launching from NAS Norfolk, a distance of 3.02 miles north of my home.  I saw and heard both civilian and military aircraft in the traffic patterns at Navy Norfolk and Norfolk International Airport (4.25 miles east of residence) with standard navigation lights, anti-collision lights and landing lights.  The object observed was closer both horizontally and vertically at closest point of approach than any of the military/civilian aircraft yet did not generate any sound.

Aviation METAR for time of incident from Naval Air Station Norfolk:

KNGU 04008KT 75M OVC041 02/MO2 A3000 RMK AO2 SLP159 T00171017

Local readings at my residence: Barometric Pressure 30.00, Humidity 78%, winds NE 5-9mph
overcast with very light rain/snow, estimated visibility 7-8 miles

Personal background:
MUFON member, retired Naval Flight Officer (1994 with 20 years carrier aviation service), BS in Mechanical/Nuclear Engineering, MS Engineering Management, currently Systems Engineer with 16 years engineering, communications, aviation, intelligence experience.
