{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-27 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494461","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/461/mufon-5494461.json","updb_database_id":5494461}
{dr}Silent airplane leaving contrail turned into silvel cigar shape then vanished

On 4/27/15 while in my St. Peters, Missouri backyard messing around with a large kite which had been collecting dust in my garage for a few years. I assembled it and went to the backyard for the fun of it. About 3:00 PM the kite was not airborne but I noticed an airplane flying in the distance not sure of the altitude, the plane looked larger or as if it was flying lower than most I notice in the past. What caught my attention as unusual was its course of South to North, typically I1m seeing east/west air traffic or vice versa. The other odd thing was the contrail, it was large and appeared to be sputtering or leaving puff rings, then a wave, then rings another wave on and on. I looked more closely at the body of the plane it appeared more white then metallic as it passes overhead and to my East. Also odd was that the wings were not pulled back; they were straighter off each side of the body. This plane made a turn to the northeast but I could watch it getting smaller in the distance still leaving the trail. Within a few minutes around 3:10 PM, I saw another similar airplane, white underside, straight wings which was was coming from the Northeast and heading to the Southwest .This second airplane was also leaving an odd contrail of straight line, then puffs, no wave like the first. The contrail of the second plane stopped as it approached the first contrail. The sun is out, blue skys, very slight clouds, I1m standing in my yard, looking immediately East the second 1plane1 was at about 2 o1clock position in the sky when was about to intersect the first contrail, it stopped emitting it1s contrail, it did not break the first contrail which was expanding in width. At about 3 o1clock position the second plane appeared to turn into a cigar shape! grayer in color than previously white, within a second, each end turned silver or flashed and it vanished. This wasn1t an airplane changing its course or if it did, it turned on a dime and must have went immediately South and out of my eyesight. Nothing fell towards the earth, no smoke, just gone. After a minute or two of looking south, I went to the front yard to tell my wife who was working in the flower bed. As we stood looking at the contrails both merged and at about 3:20 PM they were forming a cloud drifting East/North East direction. I put the kite away. Looked on the internet and found this site.
