{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-22 21:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472884","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87520","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/884/mufon-5472884.json","updb_database_id":5472884}
{cak} I noticed a jet (aviation lights flashing steadily) flying from west heading due east. As I was watching the jet there was a very bright flash just to the right (north) of the jet.

While taking the trash out I looked up to see if I could see any meteors and I noticed a jet (aviation lights flashing steadily) flying from west heading due east probably around 30,000 ft. altitude, and if directly above me is 12 o'clock, the jet was about halfway between the horizon and 12 o'clock. As I was watching the jet, there was a single, very bright flash just to the right (north) of the jet. This flash was much brighter than the east bound jet. I thought it was another jet and maybe it was warning the first jet that it was close to it. I continued to watch the east bound jet as it was coming closer to my position, and after a few seconds there was a second very bright flash in approximately the same spot as the first flash. The east bound jet had moved on, in it's forward direction while the second flash had stayed in the same area not advancing in any direction. A few more seconds past, and there was a fainter flash slightly north of the original flash. A few seconds later another very bright flash. A little while later there were some fainter flashes coming from the same general area, not advancing very far north of the original flash that I observed. The flashes I observed didn't occur in a regular pulse as with a jet, sometimes there were maybe 15 to 30 seconds between noticed flashes. I observed approximately 7 maybe 8 flashes total before waiting at least a min. or more before deciding it had left that area, and coming inside to check the time, so I could report the observation. When I came in I checked my cell phone and it was 9:33 p.m. central daylight time.
