{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465884","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94860","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/884/mufon-5465884.json","updb_database_id":5465884}
{cak} Family driving from Trona to LA. Saw a shooting star streak across the sky, THEN double back!

Our family had traveled to Trona,CA to sell some goats we had raised from kids. We had spent most of the day out there, and started back towards LA late that evening. It was the end of summer 1977. I was 9 years old. This is how I remember it. As we were driving along the highway,in the China Lake area, my mom points out the front window, but we all saw it. 
"A shooting star!" 
We talked excitedly about making wishes as it streaked across the sky. Then, on a dime, it went back the direction it just came from. We all stopped talking! Suddenly, like a pinball, this "falling star" shot about in every which way direction. I remember us getting real animated again. My dad pulled off into the parking lot of some roadside motel. We all got out and watch this ball of light bounce around the night sky. The next thing I recall is my dad pulling into the driveway of our house, and it was sunrise. We had left Trona at about 10:30pm. It only takes 3-4 hours to get to LA.

Here is the fun part. We never talked about it again until I brought it up at a family dinner in 1986. I had a subscription to Omni, and there was an article about UFOs and Missing Time. We all remembered the shooting star streaking across, then going haywire all over the sky, BUT that is where our mutual memories end. It was strange. We split on what car we were in. We disagree on whether we got out, or kept driving. I was the only one to remember we came home at dawn. We actually, argued about much of the details. If 2 remembered one detail, 2 had a total different recollection. Or 3 of us had the same recall. My parents,although, were not about to even consider, that we might have been abducted. I was the weirdo believing everything I read. However, we all agreed it was a UFO. To this day, I have never talked about this incident again with my sister or parents.
