{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-17 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504884","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53995","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/884/mufon-5504884.json","updb_database_id":5504884}
{cak} Traveling north on state highway 3 saw a very bright orange/red ball of light hovering just above the tree line right off the side of the highway.

I was traveling North on State Highway 3 in Washington State from Bremerton to Silverdale to go to a restaurant with my 27 year old daughter. The conditions were clear with no rain. The time was approximately 9:10pm on Friday, January 17, 2014. My daughter first saw the ball of light and asked me what it was. 
I looked to my left and looked up and saw the brightest orange/red light that I have ever witnessed in my life. It was right across the highway just at the top of the tall pine trees. It was much larger than a light would be for a tower, street light or house light. We both were trying to figure out what it could be and were quickly ruling out all obvious causes for such a phenomenon. It was a circle of such a vivid brightness of orange and red. I have not seen such a vivid color before(the closest example of the color would be comparable to active lava, which I have seen in Hawaii). It did not hurt your eyes to look at it. Did not emit anything. I slowed down but kept driving. As I passed the object and could no longer see it I told my daughter to keep an eye on it as long as she could. 
She stated that a white light appeared to come from it like it was splitting or appearing from behind it. Then the second light disappeared. She said it was slowly rising above the tree line. Then the road curved and it was out of our sight of vision. 
Just over an hour later we drove back along the same highway and did not see the light there again. When we returned to our hotel we looked up on the internet and we were surprised to find that there have been other witnesses to such a phenomenon.
When we first saw it you are trying to process what it could possibly be. It is not until after that you realize that you saw something very unusual and wish that you had thought about taking a picture. Now I understand how people do not often capture things on film because it is usually after the event that you realize what you witnessed.
