{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 03:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499884","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/884/mufon-5499884.json","updb_database_id":5499884}
{jd} At 3:13 AM while laying out on the car, looking up at the stars, I noticed an orange fireball

Early this morning, I was laying on my back, on top of the car hood, head laying on the windshield. My mom was inside the closed in porch sitting at the table. She had gone inside just a few mins prior to the sighting. I had just muttered the words "I'm ready for a demonstration". At that exact moment, as incredible as it was, I noticed what appeared to be, for a split second 2 orange fireballs right next to each other, touching. I sat up and turned so as not to lose sight, at that moment I called out to my mom to hurry and get outside. Even though I hadn't lost sight from my quick movement I had to regain a good focus, at that second it appeared that the objects had merged into a single orange fireball. I had my cell phone, a galaxy S5, sitting on my stomach when I was laying on the car so it was in hand as I got up from the car. I tried to get into the camera while keeping my eyes on the fireball. I glanced at the cell to start the video, and zoom to max. I did get about 15 seconds of video of the object and I could of kept the camera on the object however the binoculars were right by me and as the object got further away I wanted to see it up closer before it was completely out of sight. This was my first sighting and I have no doubt in my mind, it is a UFO. I have seen much smaller green fireballs multiple times here during the past week but those move so incredibly fast its impossible to capture on video unless you run a constent feed. I hadn't even heard of a green fireball until I seen it and then looked it up online and sure enough it is another phenomena, and I believe associated closely with UFO's. This orange fireball came from the south, moved silently, and faded out going west. I have video for you to see and I would like analyzed, especially the sound portion. After playing it over my tv, turning it way up you can hear what sounds like sonar to me. However I dont want to give up my rights to it which is why im not submitting here. I have attached zoomed in stills of the video you are welcome to use however you like.
