{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1993-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182472","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"e6huz1","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182472,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dogs barked, light passed (excitement of witnesses a factor?)Group /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Norman, Oklahoma
August 10, 1993

Animal Reaction Feature:
Two college students saw two square glowing patches of light moving in formation
slowly and silently. They estimated the altitude of the lights as greater
than 500 feet and gave no estimate of the lights1 distance from them.
Although dogs were barking, the witnesses speculated it was 1because the animals
sensed the excitement of their masters.1

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
At 2:11 am on a clear night in the city of Norman, two male college students,
23 and 22, one majoring in English and the other in psychology, were watching
for meteors in their backyard. They noticed lights moving slowly to
the south. They went to the front of the house and followed the lights
south down the street. When one commented there were no red lights,
a red light did appear between the patches of light. At that point,
the lights turned east and moved out of sight.

The men described two square, glowing patches of 1blue-gray1 fluorescent light
in formation off their diagonal corners. Their separation was less than
their width. The small red light with radial rays appeared between the
square patches. The patches became horizontally elongated as they moved
away from the witnesses.

There was no sound and no EM effects. The men reported they had chills
and tingling on their arms and legs when the red light appeared right after
they had mentioned the absence of red lights.

The men called the police and were interviewed by MUFON the same day as the
sighting.

Source:
MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON Headquarters,
July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #930823C by Richard Siefried.
